  well , i was studying english philology ( not too hard as you can guessby my english level ) but i 've always liked computers , the internet and such . 
  i was also a `` webmaster '' and script kid selftaught , if there 's such a thinks as a script kid that knows something . 
  one day i take advantange of a trip to go to a few interviews and despite my lack of academical background i fooled the tests so here i am ... almost 20 years later . 
  i 'm guessing now that the job and market are more mature to do such a thing is harder , or almost impossible , but whenever i hire i choose more than for the academic background for the eagerness to learn and to adapt ... the first can be learnt , the last can not . 
  well it 's not bad , it depends on what technology of course but the market is quite alive and the crisis had a lesser impact that in other sectors, 
  but the salaries are far from those in uk or usa ... 
  what technologies ? 
  but i think it 's ok if you do n't mind the grinding ... 
  this, 
  well , out here it seems either . net or java , java ( not javascript ) seems to be better paid so i guess you 're good to keep on that path . 
  python market i think is way smaller than . net/java , mostly used to data related jobs nowadays, 
  this, 
  but also do n't care too much for it , half the native speakers are either leistas or laistas or both so ... 
  i 'm with you , it 's one my major pet peeves with the language , that and the `` s\u00f3lo '' xddd, 
  but we have to be honest about it to foreign learners :p, 
  see that 's the problem , i think the reform it 's clumsy but it 's better than people using `` s\u00f3lo '' when it should be `` solo '' 95 % of time, 
  but please , do n't get me started on this i 'm in a 12 steps no grammarnazification plan , 
  yes , a friend that moved back to his hometown and years later was stabbed and burn alive with his boyfriend in their apartment by an homofobic piece of shit . 
  sorry , this is wrong, 
  it only gets the \u00b4 in case of amphibology, 
  in which platform ? 
  lucky you !, 
  that 's the change , the clumsy one , to avoid ppl using the \u00f3 wrong by following that rule you post . 
  it 's a bad solution imho , but it 's better that seeing a lot of \u00f3 that does n't belong, 
  it seems it only happens in spain , and it 's also something regional even in spain, 
  i think you do n't get the benefits for completing the quest because even if doing the quest it 's an action you do n't get the reward for doing the action ... 
  edit :, 
  the [ official faq ] ( http://wizards.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2298/=2 ) answer :, 
   if a plot quest gives me resources for having taken an action , did i gain those resources as a part of taking the action ? 
  you gained the extra resources from the effect of the plot quest , not from the action itself . 
  the benefits of plot quests , and the rewards for completing a quest , never count as being a part of an action . 
  in preciados street i think there 's a phone house, 
  i guess it 's safe now to let it out w/o making any conmotion . 
  last years , more than last decade for sure , i 'd been thinking a lot about ending it all . 
  the only thing that stops me is the pain i know i 'd cause to my mother so the plan is just keep going until that collateral disappears and then killing myself . 
  lately i got into a relationship , got proposed and we have set a wedding date already and i do n't know if i 'd broke the engagement or just do it even if i know i 'll make him a widower ... 
  til branded fruit exists ... 
  i guess you 're looking not for normal retail selling points so i think you best choice should put in contact with some company in [ mercamadrid ] ( http://www.mercamadrid.es/mercado-central-de-frutas-y-hortalizas/ ), 
  funny , it 's your birthday but we get the present !, 
  alcohol , i hate coffe :p, 
  thanks !!, 
  i thought it only happened to me / i was going crazy , but i swear each time someone is going to check my pulse my heart speeds up, 
  yes, 
  you wo n't be alone for long, 
  i think i 'd use bueno for all three, 
  consolation only ... but the important thing is to take part , right ? 
  well the market is good but you have the problem of maybe falling into a `` c\u00e1rnica '' , companies that only subrent their employees to others . 
  big question is , how is your spanish ? 
  other things that could be important are the technologies you work with or if you have some certification, 
  well with that java experience i think you 'd have no problem getting a job . 
  the other i think is too specific , but to be honest is not my field so , who knows ? 
  only problem is the languague but if you speak english i think you could find something easy . 
  anyway , if you need something just dm me, 
  the fact that , me being a ginger , my awful broken english is mos of the times received with an `` you 're scottish , ai n't you ? 
  well , my wedding is in 3 days ... met him at 37 so , keep waiting it 's worth it, 
  hi there , i 've been searching in here but i was n't able to find a fully satisfactory answer so ... 
  i throw this question back again . 
  i have recently started a relationship with a wonderful guy and much to my surprise he also likes to play videogames , the only `` but '' is that we prefer different genres ... i 'm more inclined towards rpg , graphic adventures and strategy games ( also mmorpgs but the idea is playing both of us in my ps3 or even on the ouya ) while he likes more soccer and fighting games ( he only owns a pes 2012 i think ) . 
  i know that it 's hard to find a game for the two of us but to give a major clue he also loved dead nation , we finished the regular campaign in two nights , so maybe some fun/shooting game like that could do the trick . 
  so any suggestions ? 
  as i said this has been asked before and some of the answers that i want to try are : castle crashers , borderlands , mk 9 , re 5 , lbp 1-2 , dungeon defenders ... do you think i left any good one out ? 
  thanks in advance and sorry for my poor english ... spaniard here . 
  tl ; dr : another boring question about good games to play with the boyfriend , which is more a gaybro gaymer than a gaymer gaymer . 
  it 'd be great to be in a spanish/european fireteam with no pro attitude and that want to play the game for fun ... tho , kicking asses is so much fun !, 
  so , i 'm guessing is my fault but i 've playing for so long the medic class in similar games so when i see someone down i jump as crazy ( and that being a hunter is really easy ) to resurrect people ... but , in this game no-one ever waits for a resurrection besides during the strikes, 
  yeah , i know that 5 sec respawn is too short to wait for one but still , at least if you 're being resurrected do n't respawn please !, 
  and i feel a little afraid of the outcome , besides a lot of newbie doubts so any advice will be great, 
  first of all is that we 'll have to keep them separate so they do n't lick each others wounds but they 're sisters from the same litter and they never have been apart . 
  i 've been looking the interwebs and i saw some kind of shirt made up from a cotton t-shirt . 
  are they any good ? 
  if i make one for each we 'll be able to left them together ? 
  and , is there any special diet or something to give them to recover faster ? 
  thanks , and sorry if this has been asked zillions of times, 
  hi , i was a proud member of the master race for a long time until my house burnt down with a great monitor and awesome keyboard in it , luckyly my pc was at the shop , but i was n't able to upgrade it in like 4-5 years so i had to get by with the console life until it was time ... now it seems my time has come !, 
  today is my real life cake day and i got as a present an asus z170 pro gaming atx lga1151 motherboard and a gigabyte geforce gtx 960 4gb video card so it 's time to rebuild the monster . 
  first i have to see what i can salvage , i think the ssd it 's good to go and also the hd and maybe the case and the power supply ( i think it was 450w ), 
  so i 'm quite lost what to buy to make me a good pc . 
  i 'm thinking about i7 of course and some ddr4 ram . . but after more than 5 years not keeping at eye at hardware i 'm quite baffles to be honest , damn easy peasant life !, 
  so if you have any tips or warning it 'd be of great help, 
  thanks for reading till here, 
  tl ; dr : i have an asus z170 pro gaming atx lga1151 motherboard and a gigabyte geforce gtx 960 4gb video card . 
  what should i buy to make me an awesome pc ? 
  hi , i 'm a newly ascended peasant with a problem with my ram . 
  i was able to put a pc with the amazing help of @randomdudeop but the ram he suggested was n't available quick enough so i changed from a corsair vengeance lpx 16gb ( 2 x 8gb ) ddr4-2400 memory to a corsair vengeance lpx 16gb ( 2 x 8gb ) ddr4-3000 memory but my computer only sees one of them them as 4096 mb 2133 mhz, 
  i have a z170 mobo and i5-6600k 3.5 ghz quad-core processor , so . . where i went wrong ? 
  it 's a processor compatibility issue ? 
  ah , there 's set at the `` right '' slots , a2 , b2 ... at least i think they 're the right ones , and if i only plug one of them i got the same values, 
  so , any help please ? 
  hi , i 'm having with a problem with my ram . 
  i was able to put a pc but the ram / pcmasterracebuilds suggested was n't available quick enough so i changed from a corsair vengeance lpx 16gb ( 2 x 8gb ) ddr4-2400 memory to a corsair vengeance lpx 16gb ( 2 x 8gb ) ddr4-3000 memory but my computer only sees one of them them as 4096 mb 2133 mhz, 
  i have a z170 mobo and i5-6600k 3.5 ghz quad-core processor , windows 10 64bits pro so . . where i went wrong ? 
  it 's a processor compatibility issue ? 
  ah , there 's set at the `` right '' slots , a2 , b2 ... at least i think they 're the right ones , and if i only plug one of them i got the same values . 
  and if i switch them a2/b2 a1/b1 still got the same values, 
  so , any help please ? 
  apologies in advance is this post belongs here, 
  hi , i 'm having with a problem with my ram . 
  i was able to put a pc but the ram / pcmasterracebuilds suggested was n't available quick enough so i changed from a corsair vengeance lpx 16gb ( 2 x 8gb ) ddr4-2400 memory to a corsair vengeance lpx 16gb ( 2 x 8gb ) ddr4-3000 memory but my computer only sees one of them them as 4096 mb 2133 mhz, 
  i have a z170 mobo and i5-6600k 3.5 ghz quad-core processor , windows 10 64bits pro so . . where i went wrong ? 
  it 's a processor compatibility issue ?
