  and really , pulling knifes on ppl is not funny at all so this faux-kidnapping is a lame , lame move in any level . 
   who in their fucking right mind would plan that sort of scary interaction as a surprise birthday party and not think of repercussions and the safety of all involved ? 
  old plain cuan i think it 's only used when you try to add an ironic intensity/old fashionesque drama to the sentence . 
  something similar as using thy instead you, 
  i only find small errors :, 
  mi vida, 
  mi nombre completo es david marshal . 
  i do n't know what you mean but perros frescos is wrong :p ** . 
  ellie ** who is ellie ? 
  a quick note , to native speakers to put the pronoun is to add emphasis to the sentence so ... 
  i 'd remove all the `` yo tengo . . '' `` yo vivo ... '', 
  yes , i 've reading about i7 really do n't been worth the increased cost for gaming . 
  it 's so ? 
  i have around 600 $ in mind , think like 600 $, 
  my old case is a thermaltake wingrs, 
  thanks for helping, 
  thank you !!, 
  i was thinking around 600 $ , with things being a lol more expensive here ( spain ) think like it was 600 $, 
  crear , nice to know !, 
  thanks, 
  spain, 
  no need to apologize !, 
  omg , thank you so much !, 
  sounds amazing , my only doubt is that i think i 'd be able to keep my case and my old power source , a nox pulsar 750 w, 
  really , thank you . 
  you are amazing !, 
  really , damn i was hoping to save some cash to get me a monitor . 
  but better safe than sorry i guess, 
  the case is a thermaltake wingrs, 
  thanks again, 
  amazing !, 
  again , thanks for all the help !, 
  ok , i dunno about some racial issues but i do n't think there should be any problems because you are hot af !, 
  you 'll have problems with your studies cos all the action you 'll be getting !, 
  honestly i 'm kinda offended you claim to be insecure ... j/k, 
  is your friend a spanish speaker ? 
  cos it seems like a google translation of `` not the other friend way '', 
  did he came out after the tragedy at pulse ? 
  it maybe a reaction to the hate toward lgtb ppl to not keeping it as a secret anymore . 
  then i think that there 's your reason , if it 's so please just give him thanks on my behalf . 
  to tell the world something as that when you do n't `` need it '' , only to increase awareness and acceptance of a persecuted minority it 's a brave and loving act, 
  i ` m using windows 10 pro 64bits, 
  yes , the bios detect both stick but with those values, 
  with one stick only i get the same values, 
  ok , i 'll try all, 
  thanks, 
  i switched slots , orders , 1/3 2/4 but no change :(, 
  thanks anyway, 
  hi , thanks for replying, 
  the configuration for 2 stick is the first one i tried a2/b2 . 
  and no luck with it or any other one . 
  even when i try the sticks one at a time i keep getting the same values of 4096 mb 2133 mhz :(, 
  yes they 're 2 sticks ( ddr4 , 3000 mhz , 288-pin dimm , cl15 , 2 x 8 gb ), 
  they `` work '' individually , even individually it reads them as 4 gb :(, 
  thanks, 
  damn i was hoping it was n't a motherboard issue ... my windows is oem :(, 
  well , thanks for helping me !, 
  really ? 
  did n't know that !!, 
  amazing , thanks !, 
  damn peaseantry , i forget about memtest !, 
  thanks !, 
  in spain is illegal to carry a knife longer than 11 cms , and even under that lenght can be requised it you 're wearing it in a crowed , public place or if the cop just feel like it . 
  said that if you wear your victorinox for your hikes you 'll have no problem at all . 
  about buying i think there 's no prob to be honest . 
  and if they 're in you checkin you can bring them by plane , but in your carry on that 's a no no . 
  if they 're `` weapon '' as in hunting knives or similar maybe there 's some problem , but i think you wo n't have any problem at all in any case . 
  i mean , i 've bought a functional falcata , large kitchen knives and similar `` dangerous '' blades and as long as you do n't carry them in public it 's ok . 
  in fact , toledo is a turistics city near madrid that ppl uses to buy all kind of swords as souvenirs , 
  in spain the freak english word is used as `` friki '' , with the sense of something/someone that is not in the `` main '' culture . 
  so lately something friki can be anythings from rpgs , videogames , scifi , and so on . 
  if you can think a subjet as geeky or nerdy most surely it 's called friki in spain . 
  and frikada is something frikis like or talk about . 
  also is something bizarre or out of the normal you do . 
  the sentence will be translated as smtg like : a top class nerd stuff : lord of the rings , start trek '', 
  this , but is macarrones , if you soften the rr it 'd be too similar to macaron that is a diferent food :p, 
  yellow , of course, 
  i joined the same team , so we can attack gyms together :p, 
  a lucky egg , you get one at level 9 and can buy them @ the store . 
  double your px for 30 minutes, 
  if you need anything just ask !, 
  ok , i must conffess i loled at jazz leaves, 
  i do n't know about there , but here in spain we could get the apk from niantic several days before the official release and all the pokestops and gym were functional so i think the servers go live worldwide regardless in wich country the app shows available . 
  regarding the information , maybe they could use some of the tools now banned by niantic , or maybe they 're ingress players and know where the pokestops are . 
  and it seems they are n't shy about spending money , lukcy eggs and lures for hours , so it can be a p2w situation, 
  well after speaking with the `` nice '' person at that number all i got is that you should contact patient care at +34\u00a0971397016 . 
  i tried but no-one picks up the phone . 
  and their website seems down ... 
  5 attemps and still no luck at all , i do n't know if this hospital is reaaaaaaaaally busy now in the summer or its patient care just sucks . 
  i 'll try again first thing in the morning cos it 's supposed to close in half and hour , sorry . 
  well something like [ zucchini noodles with avocado pesto ] ( http://www.eat-yourself-skinny.com/2016/02/zucchini-noodles-with-creamy-avocado-pesto.html ) sounds like it, 
  let me know if they do or do n't , because i think that phone must be locked in some deep drawer , no luck at all again today in all day, 
  depends on your style/quality desired but some general brands as zara , h&m or even c&a have nice ones . 
  as someone with 3 weddings this year i went to the outlets malls , and they 're my solution . 
  you can also try in the corte ingles outlet near sol . 
  i 'd found a trade post several stories tall , it had like \u00b7 different levels of platforms for landing and aditional floors . 
  what i could n't find was a way to get in w/o using the jetpack, 
  they are gorgeus , really . 
  i 'd buy a couple of them right away . 
  tell her that she 's talented and should try some like etsy or similar ...
