i 'm totally okay with that - and i 'm not okay with that . 
  are you serious ? 
  you disagree with who someone is in love with so you have to openly voice that opinion ? 
  not only that , you need to get vulgar and physical ?!, 
  i think quite objectively speaking there is something really wrong with that . 
  i have to say reactions like that are truly terrifying . 
  especially the last one . 
  just go about your day and leave other people the fuck alone . 
  cousin !, 
  unfortunately in germany and other countries the rights are not the same . 
  it 's not ` just a naming thing ' . 
  i do n't think people would mind getting civil unionized , if they had the same rights . 
  ( or maybe they would because it 's quite discriminatory imho ), 
  what 're you talking about ? 
  this whole thing is about state recognized marriage . 
  it has n't the least bit to do with the church ( except religious marriage concepts in people 's minds ) . 
  the problem is that in a country like germany separation of church and state is not remotely where it should be . 
  a christian party is ruling and in several state ( e.g. 
  bavaria ) constitutions even mention the christian god . 
  but i digress . 
  state marriage should be legal and open to everyone , no matter which gender or who they love . 
  can just talk from my experience . 
  seems like the younger people are , the less likely it is they 're interested in smoking . 
  health education is doing a great job . 
  in certain situations it can still be considered attractive/fashionable , though . 
  ( excessive use of any drug-like substance is pretty out . 
  alcohol , cigarettes , actual drugs ) applies to both australia and germany . 
  that 's why i have my trusty soda stream , 
  he probably would 've started lotioning them up , too . 
  hahaha :d, 
  i was in the gym the other day and there were some hungarian guys talking loudly to each other . 
  all of a sudden some old naked dude comes out of the shower and asks them if their speaking finnish or hungarian . 
  i found out at this point , that they were hungarian and then they giggled at each other because the old man went to his stuff and started lotioning up his body in the nude . 
  just wait till they approve it in a couple months/years and all of a sudden she 'll be like : ` look what i 've accomplished in my legislative period . ', 
  she does this with pretty much anything , even though she never has an opinion of her own/changes it 24/7 . 
  that 's why people like her . 
  she 's not controversial . 
  i hate it , when people say eszett . 
  down in bavaria we call it a `` scharfes s '' !, 
  ( up until recently i did n't knwo what an eszett even was , i thought it was [ this !, 
  i was in munich today and there were 20.000 protesters . 
  i did n't know / r/europe was so pro-ttip . 
  seriously , guys ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with it ? 
  this is not about getting rid of tolls . 
  this is about a standardization that would lower current product and consumer standards , make it easier for certain government run firms to be privatized ( like in the health sector and municipal utilities - which is bad because profit driven companies drive up prices to suit their need ) , potentially make countries liable for ` unfair competition ' ( for favoring local products or reserving certain rights ) and all the while industrial representatives are arguing about these terms in private , non-democratically , so everything has to trickle out . 
  i am all for opening global markets and having a strong economic and social union , but please not like this . 
  the people are n't the benefactors of such an arrangement and i think most of us will agree that this should be our ultimate goal . 
  i guess being tall helps with keeping your head above sea level :d, 
  * shots fired *, 
  shhh , do n't destroy his fantasies !, 
  all these goshdarn statuefuckers . 
  it 's unnatural , i say !, 
  correct . 
  these statistics are skewed by all of the mini and midi jobbers and hartz iv receivers working 1 euro jobs . 
  not to mention the minimum wage not being enough to support yourself properly . 
  i 'd rather pay for an unlimited streaming service like netflix , amazon etc. 
  than have content i am paying for on a regular schedule ( tv ) . 
  i am also a big fan of binge-watching etc. 
  it not only makes you get the whole story at once , but it changes the way stories are able to be told ( i.e. 
  hoc ) , there 's no need for constant cliffhangers or recaps . 
  i 'm just thinking of content that is already free to people in their respective countries like bbc iplayer , zdf mediathek etc. 
  i 'm guessing you will either have to pay or there will still be the need for some geoblocking . 
  we still get a widely different choice of shows and seasons to watch . 
  it might have to do with the fact , that shows have to be dubbed in german for the masses , but it sucks nevertheless . 
  in order to watch the new season of hoc , one would hypothetically have to change their location . 
  but yes , i am guessing a lot of tv channels will still use some sort of geo blocking ( or pay gate ) . 
  are free in their respective countries , but i doubt they would want their content streamed to non-licensed customers . 
  anyone else think they 're just going to pay-gate it now ? 
  they 've already started this here with normal tv channels ( except the government run ones ) . 
  and those services that are region gated like netflix , well i reckon they will still have selective shows for different regions . 
  here we do n't get house of cards season 3 yet , but people in the uk can watch it . 
  call of duty - high energy laser defense coming this november !, 
  * portuguese, 
  * cough * hypocrites * cough *, 
  i did n't even get the fuss . 
  he just said ` hypothetically ' if greece were to say : ` we 're leaving the euro , blabla , stick the finger to germany ' . 
  blown way out of proportion . 
  he was n't disrespecting germany or our politicians . 
  ( regardless of it being doctored or not , because i do n't believe anything anymore ), 
  that 's exactly what i 'm thinking !, 
  and as a dual citizen of australia and germany , i would n't mind adding canada to one of the countries i could freely move to , 
  if you get the tax back or it 's a company car , it 's probably better to pay 1,60 . 
  aston smartin . 
  also do n't forget , if greece had defaulted/left the euro in 2010 the likelihood of other countries like portugal and eventually even spain and italy defaulting/leaving the euro would 've increased dramatically . 
  this would domino-effect would 've destroyed the euro as we know it and could 've potentially led to a global depression , way worse than the recession . 
  the way i take it is dr varoufakis is well aware of this and would never willingly leave the euro . 
  he explains it quite well in this [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/a3unigdmqwi?t=1h15m17s ) . 
  you are correct . 
  the wikipedia article has a very badly placed ; right before germany . 
  therefore i thought it was the same here . 
  thanks for providing the context about france , as well . 
  just goes to show how discriminatory the `` homo-ehe '' actually is . 
  that 's a really tough thing to say . 
  i am honestly not sure , who i 'll vote for in 2017 . 
  last time was my first time voting and i supported the social democrats . 
  i did n't know they would abandon so many of their main points just to be in the government again . 
  just watch those speeches the comedy shows put together , where they said things like `` the m\u00fctterrente - extra pension for mothers - is one of the most useless things we could do . '', 
  and in the next clip mrs nahles is proud to present the new m\u00fctterrente . 
  also i was n't as aware of the extent of the insane things the schr\u00f6der government decided to do in the past .
