  i know , right ? 
  i could n't go to sleep even if i wanted . 
  he really does a good job . 
  i think i 'll watch this one for now . 
  it even had some - warning , spoiler ahead !, 
  i repeat : warning , spoiler ahead !, 
  - ballot rigging . 
  oh right , you are voting for so many things at once - half of those positions are n't even up for a vote here in germany . 
  to be honest i really liked that ad . 
  no one would ever do this in germany ( with the exception of a few places there are no local tv stations ) and the idea is strange and so * typically * american . 
  i very much liked battlestar galactica if you are into sci-fi . 
  our elections here in germany are so extremly different , particularly the media coverage . 
  from my perspective it seems like that the us election is a bit like an action movie with all those polls coming in . 
  and while i * know * that real people are affected by this election it somehow does n't feel real to me . 
  it 's hard to describe actually . 
  it 's really exciting to see this race because our elections are so different . 
  the election itself , campaining , media coverage . 
  do you think that it has an impact on voters in the west when the east closes their polls stations and announcing their results ? 
  because thats actually illegal in germany . 
  well * technically * , trump is n't denying that climate change exists . 
  he just does n't agree with every sane person and says that our climate is changing but that climate change is a chinese ploy . 
  he believes in something called climate change but we have very different descriptions for it :d, 
  oh boy ... 2013/14 was crazy . 
  i voted in that time span for the european parliament , the bundestag , the bayerischer landtag , city council and three times in local referendums . 
  and everytime i volunteered as a helper . 
  it 's now 80 % . 
  good morning from europe . 
  nice to see someone from the us commenting here with some personal insight !, 
  [ ny times ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/elections/forecast/president ) sees trump winning with over 73 % chance !, 
  i definitly do !, 
  i was outside real quick but it 's only slightly raining down here . 
  i 'd be fine if 2016 was the last human year . 
  this year was a very wild ride . 
  where are you in germany ? 
  here was no snow ( it snowed a little bit but it was gone in minutes ) but yes , we 're in for some changes in europe . 
  it will never become a thing with their current system . 
  i 'm going to doubt that . 
  you mean big pizza and yes , they are absolutely delicious . 
  i 'm visiting vienna in january . 
  do you think it 's worthwhile to make a day trip to budapest ? 
  i 've seen the ` exact same ' thing here in germany but with really small apple trees ( more like bushes ? ), 
  in kindergarden . 
  i love that without any signs or housing this field could be anywhere in the eu . 
  as always , eesti baffles me with cuteness . 
  question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | i 'm from augsburg , germany what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | i can speak english , german and french ( although it is a bit rusty ) fluently . 
  additionally , i try to refine my spanish language skills at the moment . 
  if i try i could understand basic dialog in spanish . 
  what is your usual timezone ? 
  | i live in cet but as a student i do n't necessarily follow a tight daily schedule . 
  therefore , i 'm at different times between the weekend and weekdays active on reddit . 
  have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  | outside of reddit : yes , more than once . 
  i moderated and administrated a bunch of forums but most of them are no longer available ( usually due to project closure ) . 
  i did play around on reddit for a while with my own subreddit for testing purposes ( especially to play with css ) but never a `` live '' subreddit of significance . 
  what do you like the most about / r/europe ? 
  | i definitely like that i 'm able to widen a narrow perspective from a single point of view to so many different ones . 
  before i was on reddit i really did n't care about europe and the eu as a whole but reading all those ideas and opinions from so many people across europe was eye-opening . 
  i love to see what a citizen from a different cultural background has to say about what 's happening in my or in their own country or the eu as each and everyone has a unique perspective . 
  it 's this big cultural and political melting pot that i love the most here in / r/europe . 
  do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  | it depends on the task . 
  for some areas it 's much more faster and convenient if you can do your stuff alone ( like enhancing graphical stuff ) or on a very small team with clear instructions and division of labour . 
  but generally and in a broad sense every member of a group has to work together and to act in concert . 
  in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  | the rules on / r/europe are honestly one of my favourites as they are well made and clear to understand . 
  someone really contemplated each rule . 
  it 's great that while they enforce a certain quality they still allow things like the mexican exchange happen . 
  other subs would have shot that down very quickly . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  | i wish to see more local and cultural stuff but that 's something which has to happen naturally and ca n't really be * changed * . 
  encouraging local news happened today so maybe we 're going to see more of that . 
  why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  | i am almost every day here and granted , while i 'm more a lurker who loves to read , i could spend some time helping this sub . 
  i prefer that moderation is something that `` happens in the background '' as i see it as some sort of service and i believe that you should * feel * but not * see or hear * those sort of things . 
  i 'm more a [ milford man ] ( http://arresteddevelopment.wikia.com/wiki/you_can_always_tell_a_milford_man ) i guess . 
   do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  | yes and no . 
  every person is part of different circles and groups , has different views and opinions . 
  we are influenced by stuff we love and hate . 
  i do not believe that anyone could be truly neutral and unprejudiced about things you love and care about . 
  but , and that 's the big difference , everyone can refrain him - or herself to participate in a moderation if he or she knows that it 's simply not possible to be neutral . 
  it 's better to ask someone else to take over before an incident happens and to achieve a better and more neutral moderation . 
  you would n't ( or shootout ) let a german referee a football match between a german and a french team . 
  saying to do something and then doing it is totally different . 
  oh boy , yes . 
  even with my german superpowers like organisation , planning and efficency i could n't manage to see everything i wanted . 
  it is expensive but it still has that charme of an old capital of a nation which once ruled the world . 
  i visited london four times in the last three years but i 've never been to that crosswalk . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
  typically legal insurance does n't cover cases with copyright infringements, 
  so it 's religious hatred , not racial ? 
  no , no , no !, 
  move the poles to england ( they do need good plumbing with all this shit after all ! ), 
  and ... uhh ... we germans would sacrifice ourselves to uhh ... `` protect '' polish land . 
  deal ? 
  strange . 
  i could see myself voting for him . 
  what did you expect ?
