so what 's your point ? 
  the usa and the uk are the same country ? 
  that racism does n't exist in the us ? 
  that the british are simply inherently more progressive which is why they 're not racist ? 
  that racism always take the same exact shape and has the same effects on a nation , regardless of the material circumstances of said nation ? 
  do you think there is a reason why the northern us was against slavery and the south was against it ? 
  aside from the southern apparently being worse inherently . 
  if you do n't think racism exists in the us or that it 's not that bad , you simply are uneducated and empirically wrong . 
   england fought hard to end slavery around the world on moral grounds this is naive . 
  england was not , nor ever was , the good guy . 
  the only time states do nice things is when it does n't really affect them . 
  the uk 's economy did n't rely on slavery and those in parliament did n't really care about the few areas in the empire that still had slaves , so they allowed their consciousness to make a law . 
  had they owned a lot of slaves they would n't have done the same thing . 
  the number of non whites in the british isles before the 1810 's was incredibly low . 
  furthermore , the uk and the usa are actually different countries . 
  the american economy was founded on slaves and institutionalized slavery , and it 's legacy has continued to this day . 
   does this mean that england is therefore incapable of being racist ? 
  it is incapable of being racist in quite the same way because our specific sticks and carrots shape american racism different than anywhere else , just as it would be impossible for americans to be racist in quite the same as brits . 
  you do n't really know much about the history of racism in america . 
  this is fair . 
  because of our economic power ( i 'm not a nationalist or a patriot , i 'm stating facts ) we 're able to seemingly produce a lot of stuff that smaller nations ca n't because they do n't have a large enough market for . 
  that 's why american movies have such an outreach . 
  our base market is 300 + million people with a lot of disposable income and our population is growing quickly for a nation that has been developed for as long as it has meaning we are able to maintain our position . 
  on the other hand , our economic preeminence along with the political structure established and maintained after wwii makes us the global superpower . 
  combine this with the cold war 's specific effects on american culture and you have a very interventionist nationalistic nation with a news program that is almost pure ideology , meaning that our politics are absolute trash and most americans have no way of knowing why this is the case or what to do to fix it , not even counting the people who support it . 
  i 'm sorry if this is poorly written or intrusive , i 'm exhausted and i find this stuff interesting . 
  i also find it a bit annoying when people in this sub blame americans as a whole rather than our material conditions , because we are all a product of those rather than any `` innate '' attitude . 
  well it 's just like they say , the grass is greener in europe . 
  you do n't have any idea of what marxism is, 
  meh , the foundation do n't really have that much to do with how religious we are , as opposed to the great awakenings , our different experience with the church , and our more conservative bent . 
  well , it 's the only way europeans can experience the diverse culture only found in america ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  liberate great britain from the tyrrany of northern ireland !, 
  lol dude how is this so hard home depot , ace , lowe 's , etc. 
  are very , very large american hardware that sell everything from washers and dryers to wood planks to toilets to tiles . 
  essentially , if you need to do home maintenance or build something , you go there . 
  they 're very large and sell a diverse range of stuff . 
  you could not have given a worse answer to somebody who does n't know what you 're referring to, 
  * mental monologue starts * * only ten percent !!!, 
  this guy is tough !, 
  nothing personnel kid, 
  i think it 's really interesting how many westerns were made in italy and spain, 
  i wonder if `` velt '' is cognate with english `` belt , '' and if that 's where the usage of belt in terms like the bible `` belt '' comes from . 
  crap works pretty well , i do n't know if it counts as profanity though . 
  i do n't think it should but maybe to old conservatives it would . 
  really ? 
  i feel that sounds harsh and formal and like a place i 'd never want to visit , and czechia sounds like a fun , old , democratic country that i would visit . 
  i 'm sorry , i 've never heard of those , i do n't read fantasy books . 
  ha , i 'd actually be super interested in this . 
  then for the rest of eternity , we could go like `` uh well you guys do n't know which is vermont and which is new hampshire ! '', 
  every time y' all give us shit for confusing kosovo and montenegro . 
  seriously though i do wonder how well you guys would do . 
  i ca n't see any reason why you would need to know american states . 
  to be fair , american regulars here are probably better than most americans . 
  i can do it quite easily but i play a lot of paradox games . 
  well , christianity was more of a symptom than a cause . 
  slavs in the balkans started adapting to the nearby kingdoms long before that . 
  the borders looked so much nicer back then . 
  what is it ? 
  i travel a lot . 
  i speak to a lot of people . 
  i know a lot of people who have the unique dialects . 
  those dialects do exist , but they 're relatively small and do n't have a large presence from the perspective of americans who think they have no accent and are n't well traveled . 
  if they were , people would n't so often think they have `` no accent . '', 
  well , in general it 's basically the same . 
  i live in colorado . 
  if i go to new mexico they speak the same as me . 
  if i go to minneapolis ( not the rural areas of minnesota they have an accent ) they 'll speak the same as me . 
  if i go to california they 'll speak the same as me . 
  the first place where you might be able to find a distinct accent other than southern would be in philidelphia , whose accent is dying off . 
  most of the remaining local accents have become more and more similar to general american , ( my accent ) or have simply died with only a few local idiosyncrasies that are n't significant . 
  many people who do n't leave the continent often or have had an education which covered this subject ( most of us ) assume that we simply have the natural way of speaking english , which is why na accents have become closer to ga as time goes on . 
  as a fun linguistical fact , they 're right , in a way . 
  ga started when a bunch of various english people began to settle here and the local peculiarities of their accent were mostly lost and their unique features mostly merged ( iirc ) . 
  of course this is hundreds of years ago so it 's no longer the case today and those who think we have no accent are n't taking this into account , but it 's still interesting . 
  a common misconception here , especially among the less traveled , is that because our dialect is basically the same for such a great distance and is the one used in all our media it is thought that we have no accent . 
  it 's a bit silly , but it gives you some context . 
  the number of nukes become irrelevant after a certain number because both of us could have destroyed the world , but i think at that point they were also incredibly dangerous because they projected their power so far . 
  being dangerous is a measure of potential , not a display of what the organization is doing . 
  the usa has been the most organization in the history of the world since the end of the old war and now a lunatic is in charge . 
  just because nothing has happened does n't mean the potential is n't still great . 
   then he came back from war , was promptly arrested and sent to siberia where he died . 
  man that sucks . 
  what was the stated reason ? 
  i had no idea scotland had so many catholics . 
  iirc italian is quite far behind french and german in its number of native speakers , and italy is far less important economically than france or germany . 
  the second sentence is interesting , because ( unless you count scots as another language ) frisian is the closest linguistic relative to english , and it 's quite far genetically from the scandinavian languages compared to german or dutch . 
  of course , i do n't know the language , i just wanted to point out that fact . 
  i 'm not european , but i want to answer anyway , because i love p&j s , which are like the default american lunch . 
  add strong cheese , a couple other snacks , and a letter from mom , and it 's basically elementary school in a bag . 
  i hear they do n't eat p&j s in europe which i find terribly sad . 
  i probably ate one on average every other day from the time i was 6 to 14 and never got sick of them . 
  maybe if they had n't literally stolen it all , and continued to take as much as they could , their neighbors would n't be so mad . 
  weird that you , a russian , gave the british the credit . 
  that 's what i figured . 
  and to be petty , english is a german icon language . 
  i 've never seen it , and i do n't really know what it means or how it works so i guess you ca n't . 
  ah , thanks for correcting me . 
  that 's how it was most of the time in english until about 150 years ago . 
  i think hungarian has like 17 noun forms or something crazy . 
  russian has like 8 or 9 iirc .
