  i disagree . 
  might as well have the date in the title as after a while it is going to say inaccurate things like `` posted 1 month ago '' which could be a whole range of dates . 
  britons or british would have both been fine too . 
  no city or town center , the nearest city was about 30mins drive away but there were other small villages and a town a bit closer . 
  probably about 300 people in my village, 
  #i grew up in a fairly remote village in wales pros : * good community * quiet , peaceful and unpolluted ( you can literally taste and smell the difference compared to a city ) * everything is in walking distance cons : * have to travel quite far to see friends and family * rarely is there anything interesting happening in the village * if there happens to be an emergency , the police or ambulance services take much longer to get there compared to many other places . 
  * the local corner shop can , and do , charge whatever they like . 
  * lots of old people ( nothing against old people , but i 'd prefer to live amongst people my own age ) . 
  it was such a massive relief for me seeing the spar logo after hours of searching for a convenience store in a remote hungarian town . 
  any chance you could include links next time ? 
  it 's always quite helpful to see posts where the news articles are included ( in any language ) rather than having to go searching for them . 
  scotland is immune to global warming , or any type of warming in general . 
  i know , i 'm not blaming you just whoever created the data map . 
  rising minimum wage and rising costs just sounds like inflation really , which is n't healthy . 
  not to mention that it wo n't be feasible for some employers to pay their low-paid employees that much , which would result in higher unemployment which is much worse than a slightly sub-par standard of living . 
  what a poor choice of colours , the colours used do n't reflect any sort of scale whatsoever . 
  that really surprises me . 
  i assumed italy was the highest [ mainland ] country because of the amount of motorcycles , guess they have a lot of cars as well then . 
   given the attitude of most people towards the games , poland will withdraw from being a candidate for hosting the games . 
  why is this ? 
  that 's the point, 
  i was n't talking about eurovision , i just meant generally . 
  our eurovision entries usually suck though i 'm not under some delusion that it 's because people do n't like us . 
  just walk in , say your name is john smith and hope for the best . 
  either you , or a real john smith , will be arrested , depending on who said it second . 
   what is the english word for those rods ? 
  i think they might be called plutonium rods . 
  well when we 're too ignorant to learn a second language to butcher , we have to default to butchering our own instead . 
   no matter what country you 're from , foreigners criticising your country never fails to make people super defensive . 
  i dunno , i like to think that most british people can take criticism quite well . 
  not because we brush it off or anything , but because we normally agree with people 's reasons for hating britain or british people . 
  oh ok i had no idea that was happening , glad to see things have been cleared up a bit then . 
   czech police is now more willing to deal with illegal shops/brothels my only experience with the czech republic is in prague , but when i went recently it did n't look like this was the case . 
  i disagree with you . 
  nicaragua is n't a particularly well known country so you have me on that example , but i know where paraguay is and i could point it out on a map . 
  i do n't think some americans have even ** heard ** of half the countries in europe , let alone know where they are or anything about them . 
  case in point , i was on a website the other day where one american lady said `` what the fuck is croatia '' and another american person replied to her `` it 's owned by russia now '' . 
  it 's not like all americans are geographically bad , but far too many are . 
  source : a welsh person sick of being called english . 
  the problem is , most good english beer is n't exported . 
  plus we do n't make good lager at all in the uk , so unless you 're an ale person you would n't approve of our beer . 
  personally , i 'm a lager man so i like czech beer far more than british beer . 
  i got told that if you do n't want to offend a czech person , call their country central european , and if you want to please them , call it eastern central european . 
  not sure how true that is but it 's what i was told in prague . 
  wow it really is eerie how empty that place is . 
  also i find it funny how the eiffel tower is known to be surrounded by beautiful lawns , yet the replica here looks like it is surrounded by farmland . 
  what sort of fruit and veg is popular to grow in poland ? 
  what sort of vegetables are popular to grow in the us ? 
  from my experience : in the uk , a lot of people are too lazy , disinterested or do n't have the space to be growing vegetables . 
  combine that with the fact that neither our weather or soil is great for many of the popular vegetables , leaves only a small percentage of people growing edible food in their garden ( still a significant amount of people do though ) . 
  more often than not , gardens consist of flowers , a tree or two , and space for kids to play . 
  people who are serious about growing their own food will usually have a greenhouse to start things off before planting them outside , it 's nowhere near the capacity of their whole garden though . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'm not just blaming you , but too many people keep asking the mods in this sub to restrict things in certain ways . 
  they ca n't keep track of everything , and i think it 's pointless adding more categories and things to the list . 
  much better to just let the community downvote or ignore topics which are saturated , in my opinion . 
  there 's really not a lot to do it wrexham , it 'll be a shame if plas madoc closes we need all the activity places we can get . 
  they 've been in germany for ages , pretty sure we have them in the uk too, 
  1:1 scale ? 
  we do n't hate you , we just do n't want you to beat us at rugby < 3, 
  i just thought we were brits or britons , never heard the word britisher before . 
  fair enough . 
  is n't it illegal to be drunk in the street in the us ? 
  i feel like it 's important to draw attention to the fact that when most people mention `` the glory of the empire '' , they are being completely sarcastic . 
  maybe that does n't convey well on the internet . 
  i take it you already saw this , but just in case : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umkbjlyx1v8, 
  did you really just call yourself a britisher ... 
  from what i understand , locks do n't stop dutch bike thieves , you have to just have a bike that is so old and tatty it 's not worth stealing . 
  bristol is big for biking as well, 
  ukip can go to hell . 
  they have a fairly sizeable following compared to the other parties ( except the main ones ) , but fortunately not big enough to be concerned about . 
  their policies are an absolute joke in my opinion , and a lot of them would cripple international relations . 
  i 'm glad they are losing some support . 
  i think / u/potverdorie is saying that a good moderator would make sure to have that covered by hiring other mods who can speak dutch so he does n't have to do those posts . 
  obviously he 's not saying that the moderator in this example is a good moderator , 
  so i can imagine you all saying `` nobody makes fun of my fellow nordics except me ! '', 
   why does the united kingdom have a low birth rate since when ? 
  it 's on the 25th for most people , not sure why sweden and germany are different . 
   why does france speak french how many cretins actually searched for that to cause it to show up in the google suggestions ... 
  alright , someone 's gon na have to fill me in here . 
  what 's the rivalry between denmark and sweden ? 
  do scandinavian countries naturally have a ( friendly ? ), 
  rivalry or something ? 
  kinda surprised that italy 's rate was lower than france 's in 2002 , that was about the time i used to go to both countries a lot and i always thought italians were lunatics on the road compared to the french . 
  that 's probably the point to be honest, 
  i think i read somewhere that wales is technically a nation but not a country , but i 'm not sure what the official definitions are so maybe you are right . 
  either way , i think it 's pretty ridiculous to say that wales should not be entitled to have their own news in this thread . 
  maybe they are worried that there will be a civil war in ukraine and are trying to stop that before it even happens . 
  i doubt that is their motive though . 
  did you click the link ? 
  it should have been obvious upon seeing the map that the title was a joke . 
  they really should n't be the one making european maps if they do n't know which european countries are which . 
  my first facepalm is awarded to those who did n't know chechnya and czech republic are different places . 
  my second is to anyone who takes a disliking to chechens just because a couple of madman terrorists happened to be from that place . 
  beer is close enough to free in the czech republic anyway . 
  please , occupy britain too and bring us your cheap beer !, 
   1 , 2 and 5 ? 
  good luck spending them anywhere . 
  i 'm not sure what it 's like in other countries , but here in the uk our food items often have silly prices like # 1.67 , which can lead to you having a shopping total of something like # 8.01 . 
  instead of handing over a # 10 note and getting # 1.99 in change you could just hand over a 1p as well and get a nice # 2 coin as change .
