croatia and albania both have nice beaches . 
  so does the south of spain and greece but they are both a little clubby . 
  czech republic has the same amount of syllables as australia , is it really too much of a mouthful ? 
  two of my favourite lesser known places are lake balaton in hungary and along the ardeche river in france . 
  i do n't have much experience with life in scotland , but immigrants seem to integrate quickly in england and wales too, 
  you should add some flair , or at least tell us which country you 're from . 
  big chinese population here in the uk . 
  typically seen as restaurant owners , clever professionals or students , and rich businessmen and gamblers . 
  i definitely feel that chinese people are liked in britain , probably a lot more so than most other ethnic groups . 
  as for our view of the chinese who actually live in china , i think we get the impression that they live in a horrible dictatorship where they are underpaid and overworked . 
  even if there is some truth to it , i 'm sure it 's exaggerated . 
  the way i see it , if people want to ask questions which are general travel/backpacking related , then they should get their info from google or one of the travel subreddits . 
  if someone has a specific question about european way of life or cultures or something like that , then it can sometimes be a little harder to find that info and i do n't mind seeing those sort of threads here . 
  or maybe questions like `` which european country should i go to if i want to taste the best food ? '', 
  i completely agree with you / u/elsparx that it seems to have made the subreddit rather stagnant and i would like some more variety . 
  even so , ca n't your family change the order round too ? 
  it does n't make a whole lot of sense going from ireland to spain and then to the uk , but maybe there 's a reason for it . 
  scotland is pretty good , but if he is only visiting one city in each country and has limited time ( which appears to be the case here ) then you ca n't blame him for picking london over the rest of the uk . 
  i 'll pm you , 
  feel free !, 
  i 've got some pictures too if they 're of any use to you . 
  you should realise that you can afford 2 meals of battered sausage and chips for the same price as fish and chips usually . 
  it 's a sorry state of affairs when an italian ca n't tell us what his favourite national dish is . 
  or is it just the case that they are all too good and you ca n't pick a favourite ? 
  bring a backpack not a suitcase , far easier to carry . 
  also take a day bag , something like [ this ] ( http://www.merchandisemania.co.uk/productimages/fullsize/ez02-drawstring-bag-orange/personalised-printed--drawstring-bag.jpg ) which will easily compress and fit in your backpack when you 're not using it . 
  i think that about 35-40l is the right size of backpack , but it depends how efficiently you are going to pack . 
  all 3 of those countries ( especially spain ) are known to have pickpockets in the big cities , so be careful . 
  some of the places i would recommend include : paris , venice , florence , madrid , barcelona , rome . 
  you should also try and go somewhere in the south of france , i went somewhere on the ardeche river and that had beautiful mountains and the river , making it really nice . 
  or if you are strictly sticking to cities then maybe nice or marseilles . 
  gibraltar is also really cool if you have time to get to it while you 're in spain . 
   if you 've ever been broke and what you did to fix the problem you should n't really be travelling if there 's a risk you could run out of money , so be careful with your budgeting . 
  good luck , and i wish you all the best on your trip . 
  in the uk , when you buy a new car you are usually given a selection of available and valid number plates to choose from , so it would be quite hard to get a word you do n't want unless it was on a second hand car . 
  did you ever get picked up by someone who did n't speak english ? 
  how did that go ? 
  krakow is awesome , lots of fun ( and not so fun , but interesting ) places around it too so you can see a lot while you 're there . 
  have you ever done it ? 
  i was just wondering is it actually that common to be picked up by someone ? 
  i do n't drive but i reckon i probably would n't stop for a hitchiker . 
  is it better to wait at the side of the roads with a sign saying `` north please '' , or meet people in service stations and ask them if you can tag along ? 
   tl ; dr from the last thread somebody started in / r/germany : nobody fucking knows how german women work . 
  i think you can take the word german out of that and still have a valid sentence . 
  is there a lot of space on trains for bikes in the netherlands ? 
  i could imagine that would be a nice way to get out and see the countryside for a day . 
  the cities you 've listed are all quite a bit bigger than bristol and plymouth though . 
  london has better transport than paris and vienna for sure , ca n't say for the others as i have n't been there . 
  calais wine superstore , we love you, 
   because it just is . 
  this is not a valid reason . 
  not all raw meat is particularly unhealthy , if it 's prepared in the right way . 
  the inside of a rare steak is completely raw , yet it does not make you ill or pose any health risks . 
  this is because the only bacteria lies on the outside of the cut . 
  you can also eat many types of fish raw , which is why many sushi dishes involve various raw fish . 
   worst : surstr\u00f6mming obvious answer :d, 
  yeah , croatia is absolutely beautiful and well worth a visit when you can , however i 'm just not sure it is really feasible for you guys on this particular trip . 
  amsterdam to split/hvar is a hell of a trip mate , you are going to be spending half your holiday ( vacation ) on trains if you do that . 
  14 days is much better if you want to visit more places , but it seems quite silly to choose places so far apart if you are travelling by train . 
  you 're either underestimating how big the countries are , or overestimating how fast trains are . 
  the trains in croatia are appalling it would take you about 20 hours to get from prague to split , and even longer to get to hvar island . 
  try to keep all of your cities in a small area if you can , night trains are n't too bad but you do n't want to be doing too many of them in 2 weeks , and they still eat up more time than you might think . 
  the cities you 've suggested are all good , but you will have a hard time seeing those 4 in 10 days . 
  prague and budapest are great places but very far away from amsterdam , were you planning on travelling by plane or train ? 
  if you are restricted to trains , i would say go to amsterdam -  bruges or brussells -  berlin -  home, 
  remember to adjust your budget for certain countries , e.g. 
  venice is going to cost about 3x more per day than poznan, 
  just an fyi , there is n't too much to see in bratislava , so do n't stay there too long . 
  also try and get into some smaller cities or even towns , not just the big cities and capital cities . 
  there is so much more to see in europe than just cities , and you can really learn a lot more about different countries ' cultures . 
  i think 5000 euros should definitely be enough , i travelled for one month for about 1,500 euros and i was n't exactly on a tight budget . 
  i would not approve of one `` eu army '' as it would be almost impossible for all countries to agree when to take action , and it would become about as useful as the un for solving international conflicts . 
  try / r/askuk i do n't know the answer , sorry , but i wish you the best of luck . 
  i find that as a loose general rule , the further east you go in europe the more attractive the women look . 
  so by that logic latvia should trump the netherlands by far . 
  germany . 
  a lot of their political ideas seem to make sense to me , and i love how much the country focusses on clean energy . 
  i 'm sure german would be much easier to learn than some other european languages too ( i 'm looking at you , czech republic ) . 
  twinkies or lucky charms, 
   i do n't think i 've ever seen a gun in person before other than one in a museum have n't you ever been to a major city in a country where the police carry guns ? 
  i know i 've seen them in a few western european countries before , but it is still very scarce , and even then it 's usually just a holstered pistol which i doubt they ever use . 
  that said , i completely agree with you about the rarity of them meaning i would immediately shit one if i saw a gun in real life , especially if it was n't in the hands of someone i trusted to be holding it . 
  the fact that more household shootings in america are accidents rather than burglars makes me shocked that people still think it 's necessary to fire on someone in your house at the slightest startle . 
  although i can understand the enjoyment some americans get from being able to own their own gun , i can not possibly wish for them to be legalised in europe when there are so many people i would not trust to hold one . 
  `` hello '' `` where is the pub ? '', 
  `` is there a train station nearby ? '', 
  `` fish and chips please , guvnor . '', 
  please let me know if you need any help with the pronunciation , i 've heard english is one of the hardest languages in europe to learn . 
  thank you . 
  i do n't mind seeing questions related specifically to europe in travel threads , but when someone is like `` i 'm travelling around europe for a month , does anyone have any travel suggestions '' i get angry and wonder why that question could n't be answered in a ** travel ** related sub rather than a european one . 
   here in latvia it 's passport , drivers license or get lost !, 
  same in the uk . 
  i thought kebabs were pretty common internationally ? 
  although a lot of mainland europe ( especially closer to greece ) seems to do them far better than the uk , and i 'd imagine far better than other continents too . 
  that sounds amazing . 
  i went to germany and never even heard of it , is it more of a home-cooked dish than a served dish ? 
  ca n't believe i 've never seen those beautiful buttery things outside of the uk . 
  actually in the uk some places , especially the big supermarkets , will often ask if you need any help with your packing . 
  most of the time we will politely decline , however a lot of older people who are slow moving or young adults who have n't had much practising bagging up a weekly shop will accept the help so they do n't keep everyone else in the queue waiting . 
  personally i think it 's a bit of a pointless thing to ask , if you are capable of doing your shopping then you are capable of putting it into bags also , and i will never accept help unless the cashier just does it automatically without asking me .
