  black pudding is awesome , but i have n't had the opportunity to try tripe or jellied eels yet . 
  i do n't see them widely available , so i 'd imagine i 'm not missing out on too much . 
  in the uk it 's pretty common to write in cursive ( joined up , we call it ) . 
  i personally do n't join up all letters though , certain letters do n't make sense to join up so i would write it in sections like this : p-ers-p-ective, 
  i do n't really like the idea of having them in our country , but i 'm not overly worried about it . 
  they 're a good ally of the uk , so it 's important for us to help them out if they need it . 
  i think op is talking about the whole country as a metaphor , and how the country has developed , rather than the actual people in the generations which are still alive today . 
  the usa is like that smart kid who is also an asshole . 
  he 's accomplished a lot , but he does n't see the negatives of himself he only looks at the positives . 
  they have achieved so much since the country was first founded , but i feel you summed it up perfectly when you said this line :  the us is in some aspects somewhat like a rebellious teenager , still looking to to develop its identity , and with strong opinions about everything regardless of actual knowledge about the subject or not . 
  all 4 countries in the united kingdom have some amazing castles and city walls , and i 'm not just saying that out of bias . 
  germany and poland have some good ones as well i think . 
  dresden is a pretty nice city and not too far away from berlin . 
  if you do end up going there , head to the zwinger i think that 's pretty awesome . 
  you can do dresden in a day , but it 's worth doing . 
  i went there on a day trip while i was in berlin , early train out and evening train back . 
  by the way , as some general travel advice . 
  please be careful not to spend only 2 days everywhere you go . 
  obviously the smaller places with less attractions can be done in 2 days , but if you try and do cities like london/paris/berlin / barcelona/budapest etc in anything less than 5 days you will feel like you 're missing out on a lot, 
  the transport network in wales is terrible compared to the rest of the uk . 
  even the roads are pretty bad , and it will take you at least one or two changes if you are going from any english city using the train, 
  uk here : the supermarkets will always have plenty of brown and white bread , no matter what time of the day you go . 
  however if you go to a smaller shop or bakery they are indeed likely to run out of brown bread , or only have the expensive brands left over . 
  scottish highlands , london , bath , edinburgh , yorkshire , one seaside town ( i would say one in wales , but they 're quite hard to get to so maybe brighton instead ), 
  where do the coffee shops buy their weed from if it 's illegal to get it from farmers ? 
  my favourite stereotype for the uk is that everyone drinks tea . 
  i like the stereotype because it 's so devastatingly accurate , you would not believe how popular tea is here . 
  that said , i do n't drink it ... i feel like an outcast and / r/britishproblems probably hate me, 
  i think most people know the difference between england and britain , but i think there are many who do n't know the difference between great britain and the united kingdom . 
  i 'm surprised by the amount of people who do n't know wales and scotland exist too , or that northern ireland and ireland are completely different countries . 
  mind you , if you asked me about african or american ( the continents ) geography i 'm sure i 'd make mistakes too, 
  i always marvel at how well they were able to teach us about monarchs which killed their own people all the time ( usually due to religion ) , yet still made them look like heroes, 
  our history is taught correctly , but we learn at such a young age it seems that we are the good guys not the bad guys , and we are just expanding our empire . 
  then you get a bit older and you are taught about nazi germany , and suddenly expanding your empire is a bad thing . 
  i do n't know whether they deliberately gloss over the fact that our empire was not very nice too , or whether i was just too young to understand it at that age . 
  it was certainly made very obvious when going into ww2 though, 
  it 's the same in most places . 
  the only place i can remember going to where they still smoke in pubs is czech republic , and maybe hungary ? 
  however as a general rule , do n't smoke inside unless you see ashtrays or see other people doing it in there . 
  like / u/knoflookperser said it 's accepted culturally but you just have to be careful not to break any laws . 
  in the uk you ca n't smoke in any public building or on public transportation . 
  forgive me because my international politics is a little rusty , but how can you say that what the eu do to greece is outrageous when the country is crippling itself and the other countries in the eu ( especially those you mentioned ) are using their own money to support greece as much as they can ? 
  again , like i said my politics is really bad so i 'm not attacking your view , i 'm genuinely curious to know the answer . 
  i 've got a train across several eu countries at once without any sort of border control or passport checks . 
  it 's really pleasant and i 'm glad it 's so simple to get around in the eu . 
  it 's good that we can easily move to another country if we want to also , without having to get citizenship or visas or anything like that, 
   if you 're in bruges or ghent it 's advised to order in english rather than in french for instance . 
  what if you only know french ? 
  would you learn the dutch phrase for `` sorry i do n't speak dutch '' and then hope to carry on the conversation in dutch from there ? 
  absolutely . 
  a drink is the go-to present if you do n't know what to get someone , but never money, 
  i disagree . 
  they find it very important not to shy away from the history of early 20th century germany , and if you go to berlin or somewhere similar you will see all sorts of monuments to those who suffered in the two wars ( including the german soldiers of course ) . 
  i think it 's very important for germany to have laws that do n't allow people to make light of this subject as it would kind of ridicule the serious stance they take on the matter . 
  the amount of times i see this mistake made is quite disturbing . 
  but why did you have to be so awkward switzerland !, 
  very good . 
  local libraries will have a fairly extensive selection with the most popular books/dvds/newspapers / magazines , and then nearer the more populated areas there are really large libraries which contain pretty much every book ever printed . 
  also , you can ask your local library to get a copy of any book you are interested in and they will get it in for you , as long as it 's not too rare, 
  to be fair , i 'm british and i thought that too, 
  i thought if you call 112 and speak any major european language you will always get help ? 
  they just transfer you to someone who speaks your language if they do n't . 
  you have to remember that a lot more people live in the big cities , so although there are far more places where not many people speak english , those in the cities with good multilingual skills bring the average up . 
  ( i 'm not saying those in big cities are better at learning english , just that they probably have more exposure to it and therefore more of them can speak it ), 
   are probably the only places that do foreign language teaching worse than france . 
  i agree that we are the worst , but why are france second ? 
  it 's a very low number , but i doubt it 's zero . 
   also , it looks like it 's 100 biggest cities in eu , not europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure both of those cities are in the eu , 
  from sweden : [ nanne gr\u00f6nvall - om du var min ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpu72vzydsw ) or maybe [ h\u00e5ll om mig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmubxhybo8s ) not sure why but i really like her music , and i very rarely listen to stuff in other languages . 
  the financial times is a good paper , ca n't say i 've ever really read much of their stuff online though . 
  i 'm sure it 's good too , just do n't think it 's as popular as some others , ergo the op needs to define the question better . 
  [ the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/ ) is definitely our best source of news . 
  after that it really depends if you 're looking for the most popular or the most factual . 
  almost all of our major newspapers have their own newspapers , with i think [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk ) , [ the independant ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/ ) , [ sky news ] ( http://news.sky.com/uk ) and unfortunately [ the daily mail ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/index.html ) all proving quite popular . 
  edit : in case it was n't clear , sky news do n't make a newspaper but their site is quite popular in the uk . 
  i 'd rate a goldfish well above any politician in the uk . 
  it only gets worse :(, 
  someone said this to me when i was 18 . 
  i did n't believe them , because i never got hangovers . 
  i do now . 
  i 'm a vegetarian , but i 'm not going to pretend that anything can cure a hangover as well as a [ full english breakfast ] ( http://frenglishthoughts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/full-english-breakfast.jpg ), 
  really ? 
  i always thought that americans actually got more holidays than us . 
  i get 25 days a year , but we have less national holidays than you guys so i think it balances out . 
  i certainly would n't brag about the time off we get anyway , that 's a dick move . 
  it does n't say that for me , do you use res or something ? 
  it 's not exactly your fault that some people can afford more expensive things than others . 
  just be glad you 're taking their money and trickling it back into the economy . 
   i once did a switch-vacation , so i switched flats for 2 weeks with another guy from london . 
  how did you organise that ? 
  sounds like a really cool thing to do , i 'd like to try it some time . 
  sounds like a budgeting problem more than a poverty problem if you are both working full time . 
  you 're absolutely right , it is a nightmare to go camping without a car . 
  does n't mean there are n't other budget holidays available though . 
  most people can afford to get the train to somewhere else in their own country , and stay in a hostel for ~ $ 10 a night . 
  i wish everyone was as sensible as you, 
  including other places in italy ? 
  i would have thought it 's not that expensive to travel to a different part of the country for a few days or maybe even a week , stay in budget accommodation and just spend the same amount of money on food as you would at home . 
  obviously i have no idea what your living situation is like though .
