  luckily the source engine has great smoothing . 
  while the lagging player might have problems the normal players will have very little to none . 
  i find most of their services fairly reliable tbh, 
  that sounds like fun . 
  i do n't think the debt are going to add weapons for the sake of adding weapons . 
  and i do n't think they should either . 
  while that map is very well polished and quite fun to play i do think it has its issues . 
  there 's no real flanking or tactical play involved since most of it is just following a single path ... 
  the devs are actually working on adding saved loadouts . 
  so that 's nice . 
  as for scripting it , i have no clue . 
  pretty darn sexy . 
  woah , it 's like it is in a league of its own . 
  wow that 's really neat !, 
  downloading it now, 
  maybe ( just guessing here ) you have a version for the original launchpad ? 
  since the midi it sends probably is n't the same the script would n't be compatible . 
  darknets suddenly become a much more commonly used thing . 
  i attended one of those conferences once , it was a lot of fun but the dance was definitely the best part !, 
  i have no idea to be honest , i still roll with the original launchpad . 
  i 'm going with france , or maybe spain . 
  i 'm with binck too , and i can really recommend them . 
  mine does . 
  by investing it , does n't matter too much what . 
  but when it 's sitting idle it wo n't make you any more . 
  the gf is a herpes baby ? 
  safari is n't really competing in the browser wars though , it 's clearly the best on mac . 
  it also sucks on windows , i think they even stopped development for the windows version . 
  it does n't drag down the game . 
  there are more than enough nice servers , and the ones that pull this shit are dragging themselves down . 
  the game sometimes does have these weird reverb effects where a sound is delayed . 
  i never really paid much attention to it really ... 
  i 'm sitting on the couch browsing reddit while my girlfriend is making us some food . 
  life is good . 
  music , but only my very specific taste in music . 
  i 've been trying to teach myself to produce . 
  also i 'm doing a bachelor in marketing , which i find very interesting . 
  and i spent some of my spare time learning about investing and trading . 
  find some liquid drum and bass or trance . 
  trust me , it 's the best while riding your bike . 
  that 's how i got from home to school and back every day . 
  some artists to look up : netsky , stan sb , camo & krooked , dj fresh , wilkinson, 
  i 'd love to come to brazil !, 
  i 've never been there , but it must be such a beautiful country . 
  well yeah , when you actually live there things probably are different . 
  but as a tourist brazil would be great i bet !, 
  i think blackberry once did an ad with a dj ... 
  well i live even closer to the coast that that , and while i admit that this winter has indeed been very mild i just want to not veel cold when i leave my bed for example . 
  i 'm just more of a summer person i guess ... 
  wow awesome project !, 
  please make all the recordings free to use for others too , that 'd be really awesome !, 
  is this just a solid bed of trash ? 
  or more like a quicksand layer ? 
  actually no , it depends on the size of the sim-card that the phone accepts . 
  also micro-sim can be cut down to nano-sim . 
  how is gemini rue not even mentioned once ? 
  is your shit in the shape of jezus ? 
  if you use traktor you can do quite a few nice things with a launchpad though !, 
  i use mine quite often mapped to the remix decks , or i sync traktor and ableton and use it as a drum machine of sorts . 
  ( for those interested , the remix deck mapping came from dj techtools . 
  the drum machine is done with launchpad95 and a simple drum rack . ), 
  i 'm all for using the software that you personally like !, 
  i have never used virtual dj though , so my help and knowledge ends here . 
  does vdj even have sampling abilities ? 
  i would live in a castle with sweet fortifications and towers and stuff . 
  also archery would be much more widespread . 
  can i have it ? 
  four eight fifteen sixteen twenty-three forty-two !, 
  yeah , and it 's awesome !, 
  it has been a really great experience sharing my time with it . 
  we get to do all sorts of fun stuff together and it 's always there when i need it . 
  well worth the costs if you 'd ask me . 
  also the battery life and the camera are just phenomenal . 
  oneplus one masterrace !, 
  i mostly play on the enemy boat spotted server , and the iron company server . 
  ( both european ), 
  they both have a very friendly community who like to play tactically . 
  i 'm actually part of the iron company , and you 'll often find us hanging around in the ebs server and vice versa . 
  is this their real slogan ? 
  because it should be . 
  a huge part of it is the perception of time . 
  for example , spending the rest of your life with the person you love sounds pretty sweet right ? 
  but what if that person only stays with you for 80 years , and then you do another 8 million ? 
  then you 've not even spent 1 % of your life with the person you love . 
  the same goes for a lot of things , everything becomes futile when you are immortal . 
  but religious people are worth less when they 'd rather let others die . 
  i use a mouse and keyboard . 
  same for me, 
  except for the short circuit i am that engineer . 
  you can actually push pretty well with a loadout like that . 
  especially when people underestimate you because you 're an engineer . 
  i can place a mini sentry mid fight , then distract them with the pompson and then let the sentry do its work . 
  as someone who played up until a bit after the gunslinger update , then stopped , and only recently started playing again ... 
  it is n't too bad actually . 
  if you just play with the weapons you have and know and just try to have fun you will catch up automatically . 
  i agree , often i do n't even bother with the comments anymore because i know it 's just gon na be the same old joke again . 
  station has been on the workshop for a while now , but it 's great to see them actually adding community-made maps to the game since they 'll actually be played now . 
  i like how you think . 
  that 's a very cool idea !, 
  i read it too , but i did n't think i should talk about it .
