  this year is my 2nd freshman year in college , turn es out the first college completely sucked . 
  this is also the year that i got my own apartment in amsterdam and started living on my own . 
  although i still stay at my parents every weekend . 
  other than that i have a girlfriend for 2 years now , which is awesome . 
  as for what i do , i go to college , play video games , hang out with my girlfriend , cook dinner and do grocery shopping etc , and i do longboard dancing even though i 'm kot very good at that yet . 
  i also am a dj and i like to attend a lot of drum and bass party 's here . 
  i dabble in music production too sometimes and i do visuals for stages like led screens and stuff . 
  so yeah , that 's how i keep myself busy . 
  it 's not hip hop lingo , it 's dutch . 
  a coffeeshop here is a place where they sell weed , a place to drink coffee is just called a caf\u00e9 here haha, 
  are you a student by any chance ? 
  if so check if hicondo has any rooms open !, 
  where they african or asian elephants ? 
  although coding can be satisfying and very useful i would definitely recommend something that 's not just sitting at your computer all day . 
  like making music , either through learning an instrument or through electronic music production . 
  i have experienced that while a computer-hobby can be fun actual outside-hobby 's will let you meet many more new people and make new friends . 
  i kind of do yeah , and in trying to do as many of them as i can i have also cut myself off from truly experiencing most of them . 
  for example i make music , but it never sounds as good as the pro 's because i have n't put in the time . 
  same with djing because i never put in the time for proper networking . 
  and i do vjing but i ca n't make really good visuals myself . 
  it 's funny , the more i try to do the less i actually get done ... 
  anything can work really . 
  i personally like longboarding and djing . 
  i 'm 19 and in college for a marketing degree too , i 'd also love to hear what the pros think !, 
  you should lick the dogs face until it 's calm again . 
  i would go looking for a financial advisor , but i would use a false name while looking . 
  it 's sad to hear your spouse has been cheating on you , but calling her names is n't going to solve anything you know ... 
  this is still used here in the netherlands . 
  works like a charm !, 
  i know . 
  the team play first server is a great one to have in your favourites too !, 
  it 's either empty or having some of the best games with the nicest people . 
  so it 's worth checking out . 
  this is not something just on this sub , a lot of subs are having problems with these bots . 
  i 'd say this is more of a problem for the reddit staff . 
  how much is that in the rest of the world ? 
  good to see someone become happy again like that , 
  my life 's been good too , i recently got my own 26 square metre studio in amsterdam and my girlfriend often comes over for dinner and/or sleeping , 
  for a moment i thought he would just hang still in the air and then fall straight down . 
  if i read it sooner you could 've stayed with me . 
  ah well , it 's good to see you made it through the night warm and well !, 
  / r/casualconversation maybe, 
  how to have sex ? 
  i read / r/comeonandislam, 
  tasker is an app that provides a all in one solution for making nfc tags do things . 
  it does require some setting up though . 
  on a scale of usa to scandinavia norway is pretty far into the scandinavian side ... 
  why are you staying vanilla tho ? 
  what benefit does it have to reinvent the wheel in every java project you do ? 
  if she was being honest ? 
  maybe . 
  but she straight up lied to you . 
  no you are not . 
  just be very honest and clear about how you feel about this . 
  even if that sounds a bit harsh . 
  imagine this from her side . 
  as far as she knows the two of you are living happily together until one day you 're like `` i stopped loving you a year ago , and now i saved up some money . 
  you are the asshole for not being honest with her . 
  godverdomme . 
  the real way to advertise on reddit is to host an ama over at / r/iama ofcourse . 
  interesting article , i can definitely see the value of such side-projects . 
  but why kill your blog ? 
  why not use them side-by-side and tell people about your side project through your blog ? 
  learn to work with wordpress , and gain some general web development skills like html , css and javascript . 
  also learn photoshop , even if just for communicating ideas and making mock-ups . 
  well not every company has the resources to hire different people for that . 
  and if they can only hire one person you can bet that it 's going to be the guy who can do all three of them , even when he does n't excel in any of them . 
  besides , being able to make small changes to a website yourself or being able to make some mock-ups for advertisements can really improve your communication and efficiency . 
  companies want someone who can get them known . 
  they want to see their name on a billboard or see a flashy new website . 
  and while i 'm in no way denying that marketing analysis is an important part of the job field it 's not always necessary to get the results the company needs . 
  check out the w3c academy . 
  they offer some great ( free ! ), 
  resources on making websites . 
  not quite , but i do have a funny story . 
  this was at a indoor festival , my girlfriend ( 20 ) and me ( 19 ) were standing at the balcony watching the crowd and the beautiful stage , enjoying the music and generally having a good time . 
  then all of a sudden a guy comes up behind me and also `` hey dude is that your girlfriend ? '', 
  to which i responded that she is . 
  he then gives me a high five and tells me she is `` beautiful '' and then he went on his merry way . 
  it was really odd but also nice to hear , 
  i 'd go with 3d modeling software like maya , or cinema4d rather than a game engine . 
  you mean these ? 
  it would be hard to identify someone as being from the company without making it a super obvious ` fake ' account like putting `` greg from pepsi '' as name or whatever . 
  at that point i 'd say you might as well just use the company 's page , that looks more professional too in my opinion . 
  i think every man has wondered what it would be like to have boobs . 
  time to go make some new friends . 
  oh and happy birthday !, 
  what country are you from ? 
  i 'm not down , i went to a great party yesterday and now i 'm in the train to my parents ' to stay over for a week . 
  so how 's your weekend going ? 
  you two give each other your numbers . 
  that way you 'll always have someone to talk to whenever you 're feeling down !, 
  wan na hang out sometime ? 
  it was the best for her . 
  if you did n't do it she would have suffered . 
  are you in or near amsterdam in the near future ? 
  well politics in poland is kinda in a league of its own right now ... 
  in most european countries extreme right politicians do n't actually get a lot of power . 
  source : am from the netherlands . 
  yeah , what 's with them and cyclists btw ?
