  take a deep breath . 
  we have kingsday here, 
  if you are willing to travel outside of amsterdam find a local market in a smaller town !, 
  this mostly just represents pop music . 
  haha , typical sales introduction . 
  nice . 
  find some nice porno and jerk off . 
  i have a 42 and it 's great . 
  this ama, 
  are you fat ? 
  the 42 and 43 are functionally very similar though . 
  go to a zoo, 
  why do they all use youtube ? 
  sure thing , i like free stuff . 
  when does this need to happen ? 
  why not ? 
  i 'd rather see ads for things that somewhat interest me than things i do n't care about at all . 
  uhm i 'll have the steak with old amsterdam sauce please . 
  yes , but more about general things like best practices or new concepts in the industry . 
  not so much one specific website . 
  i still have a christmas tree in my house !, 
  can you make tasty spacecakes ? 
  i think the people of mongolia would be pretty salty about it . 
  come on over then !, 
  what is your stance on communism ? 
  why should n't you ? 
  you 're audience is probably online in the weekends too . 
  i feel like the slanted box is misaligned , even tho i get that it 's in a different section of the site . 
  get those glow in the dark stars and put them on your ceiling !, 
  how unlucky does one get to be raped twice ? 
  this syntax is more fitting for php actually . 
  is this a fulltime position ? 
  i am studying commercial economics and i do a lot of webdevelopement on the side , but i would n't be able to work fulltime unfortunately . 
  wait , sure has another meaning ? 
  now this is some good public relations right here . 
  too bad , maybe some other time then . 
  you helped a wife and a son get rid of a abusive man . 
  who is this ? 
  counterquestion !, 
  ask about how the dutch perceive the british, 
  at amsterdam holendrecht there 's a huge white office building that 's empty . 
  the entrance is even overgrown a little for that extra bit of explorer aesthetic !, 
  start researching different strategies and try them out with paper trades . 
  that armor is from immersive armors right ? 
  where did you find it ? 
  take your clothes off, 
  a goat could work too . 
  make it clear that you have an api , and other than that just focus on the thing the api is for . 
  i would n't say an api in itself is something that should need marketing . 
  totalbiscuit is pretty good for some more in-depth reviews and stuff . 
  jessecox is also okay for some more lets plays without the screaming overreacting stuf . 
  i recognize a lot of myself in this picture . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  ( on mobile ), 
  marketing is way too broad and diverse for a one size fits all approach . 
  what exactly does your software do right now ? 
  i do n't care about reviews before i can see what the product actually is . 
  also the gesture for opening the menu on mobile is too sensitive , it opened a few times when i was just trying to scroll . 
  are you melting yet ? 
  i heard it 's really hot out there ... 
  how would you play bingo without a bingo chart ? 
  i would recommend using bootstrap . 
  it does a lot of the designing for you , allowing you to focus on the back end . 
  you are basically asking the things most freelancers are working their asses of for ... 
  i do n't think that would matter , it 's all done automatically anyways . 
  yeah i had exactly the same thing , so weird ... 
  i made a facebook account . 
  i 'm so hyped for bannerlord !, 
  your capslock is on . 
  make some drafts of your design ( a piece of paper and a pencil would be enough for this ! ), 
  just so you can get the placement of things down and start from there . 
  make a bunch of these and give them the thumbnails from youtube as background image and the title of the video as content through javascript . 
  try searching on ye !, 
  community . 
  enrolling in 2nd takes for exams is damn near impossible here . 
  you first have to somehow find them , then add them to a cart then in that cart mark them as selected again ( you already selected them by putting them in a cart right ? 
  wrong . ), 
  and then confirm . 
  if you overlook anything in this process you are n't enrolled , and you never get any confirmation . 
  i find the layout to be lacking some contrast . 
  the site does handle nice though . 
  oh and the site is a little taller than my screen height making the github link a little cut off . 
  a oneplus one with reddit sync , so 1280 * 800 i think, 
  i think he 's pretty safe just trying this ( and learning to code in the process ! ), 
  legal actions always start with a `` hey , you really need to stop using our stuff okay ? '', 
  and only then if you do n't stop will they take you to court . 
  that was a pretty long rant , but what 's your point exactly ? 
  it can go higher , but it can also go lower . 
  why ? 
  i count that as going down . 
  i like the grey one . 
  he 's chill . 
  yes . 
  yes they can . 
  tesla is n't going to be big because they build cars , others build cars too . 
  tesla is going to be big because they got the best batteries , and they can sell them for good money to other manufacturers . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can find someone willing to help her . 
  you 're probably not working there unless you 're very open-minded about sex . 
  and it never hurts to ask ofcourse . 
  do you like techno and tech-house ?
