  i ca n't believe how many times i 've seen people just sprinting around corners and dying to an enemy that was there . 
  yes , use smoke wisely . 
  do n't throw it in front of the point you 're capping , but over it . 
  otherwise you 'll just blind your teammates . 
  ( yes many people do this ), 
  i never really watch competitive play of any games , but this is actually very interesting to watch !, 
  haha that 's awesome, 
  how did you know all these numbers right there in the shower ? 
  get some friends to play with , tho pugs can be nice too i find it much more fun to actually play tactically with some friends . 
  / r/thomasthedankengine, 
  well atleast you 're going out and having fun !, 
  which is probably te best way to meet new people too ( tho not neccesarily at a theater ), 
  if you want to talk about games try / r/truegaming, 
  i love my launchpad , it just has so many different uses !, 
  i 've never had a monome though ... 
  how do you even spot so fast in the dark ? 
  nice !, 
  i play on a macbook pro ( retina late 2013 , 8gb ram ) and i use mostly soundmods and a few scope mods , i have no problems at all . 
  i mean ... 
  i agree with your statement . 
  this is also how i play , including not spotting the two enemies watching me, 
  where do i find these hh servers ? 
  ahh too bad , i 'm from the netherlands so my ping will probably be horrible :(, 
  on all except servers that have the ` pure ' option toggled on . 
  i imagine battlefield bad company 2 : vietnam like surroundings ... 
  which would be way too open . 
  not another panj please !, 
  while the game is set around insurgents like in iraq other settings could work too . 
  i 'm thinking terrorists in new york , or maybe an attack on an american army camp in iraq . 
  is n't panj rural iraq ? 
  what language would they speak there then ? 
  i like your idea !, 
  that would be very hard to properly pull off in the source engine tho ... 
  til, 
  thanks , 
  dory ? 
  is that you ? 
  i read ebola . 
  people who only snipe and then end up being last man standing . 
  ( and then they just keep on sniping ofcourse ), 
  i 'm not seeing a pic either, 
  i actually got it to run decently now , tho it looks more like oblivion than skyrim ... 
  i too feel like i 'm doing the game a disservice when standing atop a mountain , watching jver a beautifull panorama being rendered with poor textures and low detail . 
  but hey , atleast it runs now !, 
  small uodate : i got it running decently now !, 
  while looking through the comments on the wrappers site i saw people telling others to use a diffrent wineskin engine version . 
  before i did that i first reinstalled the game , and that was already enough to fix it !, 
  umm , shut the fuck up please ? 
  i 'd say elephants would become buddhist monks . 
  idk why tho , it just seems neat, 
  then you 'd still be an asshole , otherwise they would n't let you in . 
  you know , because they 're assholes . 
  next time poke it to be sure . 
  drum n bass  jungle  reggae  ska ( ? ), 
   everyting else, 
  i mostly dig through the depts of soundcloud to find freebies , cuz i 'm a cheapskate like that ... 
  i am definitely going to try it tho . 
  great patch !, 
  but what about the community mapping contest ? 
  try the tag ` pure ' this disables mods too , so i think it 'll limit the amount of supply points too . 
  hmm , well servers that use it are usually pretty pure tho ( well duh ), 
  i ca n't play it right now ( on mobile ) but what i can tell from the screenshots it 's a good start !, 
  my tip would be to now go around and add more details . 
  props , decals , borders in doorframes , all that stuff . 
  oh and try to make it more war-torn maybe , break some windows , add some rubble , etc. 
  keep up the good work !, 
  you should give it another shot , because they actually do flank and such . 
  i would , but i 'm going to bed , so bye !, 
  the best shot in ages !, 
  ^ of ^ empires, 
  how are you doing today ? 
  that 's nice . 
  but how are you doing today ? 
  thank you soo much for this reply !, 
  i 'm gon na check it all out as soon as i get home , 
  i came here to say that, 
  not all women , mostly crcodilekin and aligatorkin i think . 
  why does this guy know so much about epicurus ? 
  do you already know the fallen trees one ? 
  this reminds me of the dwarven starting zone in world of warcraft, 
  i have a late 2013 13 '' macbook pro ( retina ) and i 'm running the game just fine !, 
  not even on bootcamp , just using wine does the trick for me , 
  for some reason it did take me 3 times installing the game , but now it works like a charm . 
  i even have some graphics mods installed !, 
  and while you may not get the enb and foliage up to a kilometer away graphics that a high-end pc can offer you will be able to run the game just fine . 
  for more info on this stuff i 'd say you 're better off over at / r/macgaming, 
  what you are saying is incorrect , and the provided link hardly seems relevant ? 
  ( or me and my limited knowledge of german are missing something ), 
  i can run the game just fine on my macbook pro . 
  that would actually make the world very dull and boring though, 
  all i know is that it runs like a charm on my macbook pro with the same specs as op 's . 
  so i 'm not entirely sure how they tested it , i ca n't imagine that much of a performance difference comming from what may be two different models of the same chip ... 
  tundra may not be meant to have fun , but skyrim as a game is . 
  djs these days are so afraid of being labeled as ` not really djing ' that they will start doing some pretending in between their actual mixing just to look busy . 
  i may be a little late with this , but check out the casualconersaton irc !, 
  intel iris 1536 mb, 
  oh that wonderful place where i dropped to my death over and over , wondering what i was doing wrong ... 
  not really a swastika tho, 
  `` blink to unlock '', 
  sheogorath seems like the most interesting to me .
