  when are you two getting married ? 
  what is the link to the channel ? 
  i think a good way to bring forth some growth is to ask the artists whose tracks you are promoting to post a link to their tracks on your channel . 
  you can bring it as a favor-for-favor kind of thing , i promote you , you promote me . 
  i 'm part of a large community ( around 4000 members ) of dutch bass-music lovers , i could post a few tracks from your account if you want . 
  overdoing it, 
  focus on home decoration . 
  can you paint a printscreen of your ms paint ? 
  a threat is n't always in the form of a call or a letter . 
  more often than not its due to espionage and surveillance that government agencies know something 's up , but they ca n't always pinpoint what and where exactly . 
  source : i made this up but it sounds like it could be true . 
  how high is too high ? 
  wait what ? 
  storytime please ? 
  tuesday , i think, 
  there are non-moving stairs right there in the tunnel , no way to miss them . 
  i agree . 
  would it be possible to make the bots links work in reddit sync ? 
  you should be able to find plenty in normal clothing stores . 
  1,95 is pretty normal here . 
  if you do not care for any discussion then why did you comment in the first place ? 
  how did that r get in there ? 
  if you speak dutch and know the stereotype of hagenezen less so . 
  it does take some cultural background to truly appreciate this one though . 
  why not ? 
  truly spectacular, 
  how is social welfare the way that sanders wants to implement it unconstitutional ? 
  yes , although you are very good at steering to a specific answer . 
  also if you use theft as an argument would n't any taxes be unconstitutional ? 
  i do n't admit it , i state it . 
  admitting implies a negative connotation . 
  and thank you for clearing this up for me by the way . 
  as someone who is not from the us i 'm not that well versed in us law . 
  also something that might explain my stance is the fact that i 've seen it happen here in the netherlands and i 've seen it work . 
  because they 're not a triple a studio and 60 simply wo n't sell . 
  is that her actual name or just in facebook ? 
  i 'm a drunk dude . 
  but even i would never do that . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  rekt . 
  trump is stupid . 
  hey i stayed up all night too !, 
  only i went out with classmates and we slept 1 hour before our next class started ... 
  do people really use fucking soda as a baking ingedrient ? 
  no wonder the usa has such a obesity and diabetes problem , if that 's how your food culture is ... 
  lookup the hootsuite academy . 
  even though the certification is paid all the lessons are completely free . 
  what daw ate you using ? 
  massive . 
  go on ... 
  what are her views regarding lasagna ? 
  yes you should !, 
  lasagna is amazing . 
  enjoy !, 
  what is the non-touristy part of las vegas like ? 
  did they find out ? 
  how 's the weather ? 
  is this your slaves ' fulltime thing ? 
  or does she have another job ? 
  what i was thinking . 
  yes !, 
  i would love to be extremely good at something , but i stead i can do a lot of things okayish . 
  for example i produce music which is a enormous time sink to get good at , so instead i just make okay songs which i upload from time to time . 
  i do get to say i can do many things like longboarding , djing , producing , 3d animation , vjing , programming , graphic design , webdesign and some others !, 
  i can make do without it . 
  yes it will . 
  most dynamic things are done in php anyways . 
  unless you mean like ajax stuff but that 's hardly necessary . 
  are you into longboard dancing ? 
  let 's you have beginners mistakes all year round !, 
  i 've spun at some clubs and even a few festivals , i mostly spin bass house/garage/grime . 
  it has n't been very big here in the netherlands but it 's growing lately . 
  nah it wo n't , this is n't the first time this happened ... 
  laying with my eyes closed ... 
  i only know a few moves too ... shit 's hard, 
  / r/themasterreturns, 
  buy my new mixtape, 
  i upvoted . 
  do n't make too much profit . 
  if you make losses all the time you wo n't be as suspicious . 
  minecraft always works well . 
  you could also play a mmo together , like guild wars 2 or world of warcraft . 
  torchlight 2 is also really nice if you like diablo-like games . 
  oh and civilisation v is awesome too . 
  invite him for a make-up ( / out ) dinner when you 're feeling better . 
  apology accepted . 
  how do you intend to make money off of it ? 
  the shark ate them . 
  bear ... . god ... . 
  this reminds me of those bridge constructor games ... 
  that was actually on facebook though . 
  thanks . 
  forgot the ad, 
  when is her birthday ? 
  i could make something but not until next week ... 
  s a v a g e, 
  why the shoe ? 
  you always could pick up playing an instrument for musical creativity . 
  a lot of electronic music uses ( samples of ) analog instruments anyways , i for one envy those who can play those themselves .
