  / r/blop, 
  thank god the dog got out, 
  just came back from there , it 's fine as long as you time it right . 
  hi funke , will you do more videos where valtroid gets mad ? 
  those are nice . 
  cool , keep up doing what you do !, 
  i would appreciate it . 
  the easiest and most clean solution would be to just paste them together into one video file . 
  what is your process like for developing a new front-end ? 
  but that 's a problem with the fucked up american system , not the problem of the consumer . 
  that 's why american culture is so shit . 
  here in the netherlands i once called an ambulance on a drunk friend who had a panic attack , i do n't think they even asked her for any personal details ... 
  my girlfriend would try to shake my hand everytime she 's on her period then, 
  the steam clients is i think , i do n't know about the others . 
  i do know that for example world of warcraft uses a combination of xml and lua to create it 's interface . 
  ugh i 'd love to know this as well . 
  not sure if it 's even possible though ... 
  the american system truly is insane ... 
  the cap ? 
  for a site called designtaxi their ux is really shit . 
  the easiest way would be to find shared hosting , then get wordpress from wordpress.org , and then just find a minimalist theme . 
  i do . 
  used it * mostly . 
  it 's all discord now since that does n't require you to have your own server . 
  for me using a framework ( symfony ) really forced me to write my code ` the right way ' , since i started with a framework i have actually extended my knowledge of programming in general by a huge amount . 
  this is false . 
  we actually have laws here that prohibit smoking inside . 
  there 's even discussion to ban it from terraces as well . 
  even in most coffeeshops you ca n't smoke a cigarette . 
  design in sketch and then code in phpstorm , although i use that mostly because i also do backend . 
  your form could use some padding . 
  other than that you 're ready . 
  where did you learn making icons like that btw ? 
  this should be on / r/yesyesyesno, 
  dwarf fortress is really hard though ... 
  i mostly use sketch these days , great app !, 
  did n't he just slam on the rocks right below the surface ? 
  where are you based ? 
  amsterdam actually, 
  will this finally be enough to see change ? 
  well i 'd say the boy could have lived if those officers were n't american ones . 
  how far is your journey exactly ? 
  cut out all the pointless buzzwords and just say you made a blog . 
  sure , go right ahead, 
  that 's the joke . 
  tomorrow `` remind / u/sheepfreedom to give / u/thebiglewinski gold '', 
  have a look at impresspages on http://www.impresspages.com/, 
  i discovered it recently , it 's not very well known . 
  it has a great implementation of mvc , and has a very clean codebase in general , and it 's easy to make new templates and modules for it . 
  rivaliq is pretty nice, 
  hey , remindme bot reminded me to remind you to give him gold . 
  cheers !, 
  too bad it does n't use normal people measurements . 
  it should be noted that this is only a proposal by the sp , not an actual rule . 
  why is there a pony there ? 
  did i miss something in old aszhara ? 
  i remember it as a mostly empty zone ... 
  las venturas , especially the parts away from the strip , like the golf course . 
  had so many great role-playing moments in sa : mp . 
  as for the other 4 , san fierro , the park with the bridge in los santos ( ballas territory ) , old barrens in wow , and old stranglethorn vale . 
  well actually it is n't . 
  you will have a ton of likes , but all from people that do n't give a shit about your product . 
  when you post as a facebook page your post is first shown to a selection of your fanbase , and if they engage with it it is deemed interesting . 
  only then it will be shown to the rest of your fans . 
  so if the first few people that see it do n't give a shit , nobody else will see it . 
  facebook is trying to become the western wechat . 
  where do you go to school ? 
  to be an effective dev i think you really need to know ( a bit of ) both . 
  while you do n't need to be an expert in both i think working knowledge really helps not only you , but also the teams you may work with . 
  just get started on some fun hobby projects , you can keep the frontend simple and do the backend first if that 's what you prefer of course . 
  yes . 
  getting yourself anchored in wordpress is one of the worst things to do . 
  ( although still not as bad as using joomla ), 
  oh my god i remember doing that when the game just released . 
  whole platoons of nc tanks rolling up that hill while being bombed from above by the terrans ... 
  i should play this game again sometime . 
  take a look at hootsuite podium, 
  bunny is friend not food . 
  mob !, 
  i think you 're really generalising here . 
  not all freelancers are the $ 5/hour upwork guys ... 
  i get that this is ` just because ' , but in general why did you choose to work with wordpress ? 
  personally i hate the approach of trying to fit everything in wordpress . 
  there are so many better systems for things that are n't blogs ... 
  i recently discovered ( impresspages ) [ http://www.impresspages.org/] which is really nice to work with . 
  both for developers and end users . 
  certifications like google 's , hootsuite 's and hubspot 's would be a good addition to make it clear that you 're really going for being a marketeer . 
  right now this cv ( without reading this post beforehand ) would appear more as from someone trying to get into finance . 
  why would you take cola with lemon ? 
  what does he think of this ? 
  i 've never seen it before . 
  that 's a thing we do with ice tea , not with cola . 
  but will he do it for you ? 
  heh , touch down . 
  holy shit , unittesting with progressbars ? 
  find a hosting company with a refferal or partner program, 
  does your bdsm involve trebuchets ? 
  everything you say causes outrage these days . 
  if i were razer i would n't pay much attention to it . 
  first try figuring out what kind of message you want to carry out as organisation and then make content that fits that message and is interesting to your target audience .
