  i heard you were handing out flairs, 
  wow , this is an awesome site !, 
  aex is the main index of the netherlands , not all of europe . 
  or am i thinking of a different aex ? 
  wait , was n't the sunderer more like a van ? 
  i have n't aged that game in ages though ... 
  i did n't even see the background, 
  what most webdesign companies have compared to you aside from experience and knowing things like best practices is technical knowledge . 
  they know ( or should , not all do ... ) how to make sites and systems that are custom-made to fit your needs . 
  that one thing that wordpress kinda does , but not quite in the way you like it . 
  or that design that is okayish , but not really standing out . 
  that are the kind of things you should get a good webdeveloper for . 
  now there are some webdesigners that just install wordpress templates , those are the shitty ones . 
  a good webdeveloper can make your site stand out , make it do well in seo and make it fuction just the way you want . 
  it 's almost like ... people have common sense now ? 
  what are these ? 
  oh and congratulations !, 
  welcome to the club . 
  have you received your membership card yet ? 
  the radiation would make your room quite uncomfortable to live in tho, 
  there 's a setting for macro photography which you need to turn on . 
  many build-your-own-website tools like webs or everyoneweb use this . 
  for example a website would be yourusername.webs.com, 
  ( man it has been a long time since i used those , funny to see how they changed . ), 
  heavy has a higher rate of fire though . 
  upvoted for dane, 
  do you have a website for your app ? 
  if not , get a website . 
  it 's a game about bomb defusal and communication . 
  one person has a manual of how to disarm a bomb while the other has an actual bomb with different puzzles on it . 
  sadly i do n't know the name of it either . 
  i 'd like to redirect you to / r/pcmasterrace, 
  do n't put it in your images . 
  that will not only shoot you in the knee regarding seo , it will also be bad for the usability and ux of your site . 
  if you need help to get text to sit over the image try something like this :, 
  are you building the webshop bij hand ? 
  i 'd recommend using a cms that 's made for webshops , makes your life much easier . 
  this is actually true . 
  if it was n't for humans trying to keep pandas alive they would probably already be extinct . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  get hyped for bannerlord . 
  now that you mention it ... 
  skyrim should run well in wine on that system . 
  look up playonmac for some easy installation and setup !, 
  can we ? 
  should we really stop calling / u/pointyhatman ? 
  is n't it snoop lion tho ? 
  people who get signed on spinnin usually do n't produce top notch songs . 
  you tricked me into thinking this was about star wars :(, 
  as a european `` full minimum wage '' really sounds absurd to me . 
  okay . 
  long-ass hair , or long ass hair ? 
  i read through your strategy and it seems like it would pick up a lot of people who would n't be relevant to your business . 
  you got me curious , how is this better than say hootsuite for example ? 
  you need a facebook page , not a group . 
  advertise around the campus that you 're on facebook for important news and updates . 
  if you make sure your content is interesting the audience should grow naturally . 
  this post is so full of shit . 
  the only part that is somewhat true is the fact that european startups generally are n't as big as american ones . 
  but that is simply due to the fact that a lot of media ( including digital ) got their eyes out to the us , and the fact that a company that is locally successful in the us is so large that it can much easier expand globally compared to a company from say the netherlands . 
  when all popular media ( think television and movies ) reference to facebook instead of hyves ( which has been the biggest social network in the netherlands for quite a while ) you can bet that people are going to switch to facebook . 
  source : actually live in europe . 
  you have some lucky kids . 
  you forgot people starting to ride horses, 
  it 's amazing how american political debates need to have a winner and a loser . 
  should n't they be about the parties going in depth about their plans and vision rather than make it some kind of race ... ? 
  amazing content sounds the ` best ' but also the most generic to me . 
  that 's not an option for me . 
  i did, 
  i 'm gon na get some sleep . 
  good night . 
  `` brohoofs this '' is the real facepalm here . 
  every crazy cat lady denies that she is a crazy cat lady . 
  that 's karma . 
  it 'd be nice of you to cite the source when you 're copying something . 
  whoops my bad haha , i just saw this without source and remembered seeing some of these lines ... 
  if you 're only a few weeks into knowing each other and he 's not sure if he 's ready to open up to you giving him some space would seem to be the best options to me . 
  otherwise he might feel pressured . 
  you are right, 
  nope . 
  but you sure can !, 
  / r/watchpeopledie, 
  so it 's like a facebook page ? 
  just look at how their sample pool includes zero first-world countries . 
  a good program to look up for dedicated visuals is resolume . 
  making your own visuals however ... that 's learning after effects and cinema4d . 
  if that interests you have fun and knock yourself out !, 
  just a warning though , it 's a whole skillet of itself and will take quite some time to learn . 
  so this is based off of an opinion piece in the palestinian authorities ' newspaper ? 
  that seems biased ... 
  are you saying it is not hyperbowl ?!? 
  i wish i was a baby elephant . 
  we should set up a chain of bots that all trigger each other . 
  you can either play the game through wine ( look up playonmac ) for this , or by installing windows through bootcamp . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  another great idea would be to do a little pre-application project for the position you are applying for . 
  for example when you 're applying for a function in online marketing show up with a social media communication plan you wrote for the company highlighting some of the ideas and methods you would implement . 
  this goes a long way both by showing initiative and that you 're willing to put in some efforts , as well as showing you have the knowledge that it takes to do the job . 
  that 's just as biased the other way .
