  everything from seo to content marketing . 
  what is he holding on to ? 
  why not leave your mixer plugged in ? 
  i 'm hard at work to follow in your footsteps !, 
  i 'm working on a degree in marketing atm . 
  ca n't wait for my professional shitposter certificate ... 
  think about why you failed , and what you learned from it so you can do better next time . 
  could you please not post google translated links ? 
  oh , i could n't find it on mobile ... 
  very interesting stuff !, 
  although you can clearly see that this is written by someone with a not very thorough understanding of tech . 
  domain authority may suffer . '', 
  does he really think that google wo n't be able to tell to what site a backlinked amp article originally belongs ? 
  i mean we 're talking about google here ... 
  do you have more pictures of goats standing on other animals ? 
  if you think it 's gon na keep dropping then keep shorting . 
  if not get out . 
  did you save the backup off-device anywhere ? 
  did your rooting include unlocking the bootloader ? 
  or was that already done at an earlier moment ? 
  why would you combine cabbage and mayonnaise tho ? 
  hey there !, 
  and congratulations !, 
  this is now a liquid drum and bass thread . 
  it will soon be full of only the chillest songs one could ever dream of !, 
  warren - in key, 
  tokalish & identified - wandering hearth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnrjbivtrsi, 
  spectrum - together https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=214llqdbuco, 
  girl - sleepwalker https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3uc0c3clts, 
  ramses b - memoirs vip https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4g9m9b6bz3a, 
  philth - falling https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnv4pybzbpy, 
  lenzman - open page https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltxumxfw0fq, 
  oh , i was hoping you 'd have a collection of those, 
  i have the folder with all my projects in dropbox . 
  does that count ? 
  wow all those dubstep tracks are sooo bad o.o, 
  can confirm am from nederland, 
  what do you want to know ? 
  how does mass murder not land them a lifetime in jail ? 
  that was glorious, 
  i know it 's only anecdotal evidence ... 
  but in schagen and anna paulowna there were more people who signed up as volunteer to help the refugees than there were actual refugees !, 
  there are more places like this i think , but they are n't widely reported on because it is n't as sensational as people throwing things . 
  if you clean a vacuum ... 
  then you are a vacuum cleaner !, 
  ... what ? 
  oh you mean like writing stories and stuff set in that world ? 
  that 's pretty neat . 
  although i think it would be hard to find stuff that matches the original story quality wise ... 
  less sunshine , lots of rain , the cold ... 
  i 'd take summer over winter anytime !, 
  i can make it even better : girls wearing sun dresses !, 
  and it 's all a setup so op could make this post !, 
  the launchpad is purely a midi controller , it does n't come with any noise-making software . 
  i 've done this quite a few times . 
  i have used the launchpad as a midi controller for remix decks a few times . 
  there 's a mapping for that in djtechtools i believe . 
  ( on mobile right now so i ca n't check ), 
  another possibility is to sync ableton to traktor through an internal midi pulse . 
  you can then use something like launchpad95 to use the launchpad as a step sequencer . 
  this would also take some creative audio routing , soundflower would be a good option for that . 
  ssh bby, 
  how long do we have before it 's all a barren wasteland ? 
  are we talking several generations ? 
  or a few decades maybe ? 
  have an upvote for making a long well written response !, 
  how has the surgery affected your sex life ? 
  boobs or butts ? 
  he 's trying to get to to click his referral link . 
  ask any syrian or albanian or w/e refugee if they would like to live in a stable prospering country and in turn take care of some old people . 
  i 'd bet you wo n't find a single one to say no to that . 
  why do we need babies when there are already so much in foster homes , or without parents in poor/unsafe parts of the world ? 
  what is there to gain ? 
  what do you think about dutch politics ? 
  who would you vote for if you could vote ? 
  water  coffee  tea, 
  although i mostly drink huuge amounts of lemonade, 
  buy yourself an airfryer !, 
  they are amazing !, 
  please record it, 
  not one you 'd really want to use . 
  also there 's a lot of lane switching here , so you 'd fall over if you tried to pee standing . 
  i 'm now at amsterdam centraal though , so just one more stop and a bit of metro and then i 'm home !, 
  what sub is this from again ? 
  something with birds and moles right ? 
  go for it !, 
  you 'd probably get upvotes for originality, 
  i get it . 
  i did !, 
  i am now in my dorm in amsterdam !, 
  just chilling on reddit while listening to some music, 
  whoops !, 
  something went wrong there ... 
  go for old-school hiphop breaks then . 
  also look up some mixes or videos to see where and when they mix over to the next song . 
  clubs like escape on rembrandtplein play it all the time . 
  that said , there 's so many much more interesting music to be heard at amsterdam , it 'd be a shame to waste this chance on the stuff you already here everywhere anyways . 
  yeah sure , i have a free day tomorrow . 
  at what time do you arrive ? 
  what kind of things do you wan na do/see while you 're here ?
