  what 's the exam about ? 
  is that about viruses ? 
  i know the feel , i had exams 2 weeks ago but i did n't need to study very hard at all , 
  the last two weeks i 've worked on a huge school project wich we turned in last friday , so now it 's finally time to relax !, 
  what are those days ? 
  ( i 'm dutch and i 've never heard of them ), 
  i 've heard of this exact same thing happening here in the netherlands !, 
  only without the sweet british accent ... :(, 
  ooh another music maker !, 
  go ahead and guess , i 'll tell you if you 're right or wrong , 
  - you like to play games on a xbox, 
  - you spend a lot of time on the internet, 
  - you are still in school ( i 'm gon na guess college ), 
  - you are around twentyish, 
  am i close ? 
  go watch adventure time :d, 
  i 'm a dj and ( still quite bad ) producer myself . 
  so while i can get a okay sounding track out they 're always musically pretty boring ... 
  but oh well , i 'm still learning ^ ^, 
  i believe the first season is , just give it a try !, 
  it 's so silly it 'll make you forget atleast some nerves , 
  actually you 're describing my girlfriend now !, 
  tho it 's kind of a tricky picture ... 
  then start talking again !, 
  the first few minutes might be weird ... 
  but hey , you can either take a chance or just keep waving ... 
  drop out , go to europa , finish college here and save more than half of that money . 
  well even if you just rent a small room somewhere and pay for travel costs you 'd probably still be off cheaper than paying for american college, 
  also , european healthcare ... maybe, 
  it is very good indeed !, 
  but dont read about it on wookiepedia !, 
  i wanted to check some backstory and got the whole story spoiled instead ... : /, 
  or not ... just do what you feel like and what you 're bith comfortable with , 
  you sure do watch a lot of porn ... 
  you 're close !, 
  i 'm dutch , 
  this whole thread is nice to read , 
  awesome , is everything submitted by hand ? 
  or are you running a crawler for say edm.com channels ? 
  your jungle tag is full of shit that is n't jungle at all by the way, 
  my library is for a huge oart hand-picked freebies , where can i submit them ? 
  it 's in itunes , but i can look up the original soundcloud links for you, 
  stuff from congo natty , or dubby dub & stp, 
  why a windows ? 
  now i 'm hungry . 
  i just got mine a few days ago too , feelsgoodman.jpg, 
  that 's a very cool idea , but i do n't think haning a beamer over your setup would be doable for most people ... 
  here on the oneplus sub everyone is going to say opo ... 
  i got it with the humble bundle , and i 'm loving it !, 
  while there has probably been a drop in the level of tactics and organization in pugs ( from what i 've seen from earlier reviews anyways ) i think many ( like me ! ), 
  are very eager to learn and will stay for a long time !, 
  the system technically allowing abuse does n't mean you should . 
  even when the servers have a < 20 ping there 's still a lot of lagg , almost as if they just lack ram or cpu power ... 
  has anyone here played the hidden ? 
  the way they did lasers in that game was a great way if you 'd ask me . 
  they only showed up as a little red dot where the person was aiming at , nog as much as a giveaway of the persons position but you could really tell when not to go around that corner or through that doorway . 
  that really was the right balance between advantage for you and for your enemy . 
  now i do n't know anything about how you play , but here are some general tips . 
  - play the objectives !, 
  in this game the objectives actually matter , you ca n't win a single game if you neglect the points you need to capture or the caches you need to destroy . 
  objectives also give a lot more points than kills , so if you wa n't to top the charts you 'd better get capping !, 
  - do n't rush !, 
  move slow and tactical , unlike cod or counterstrike you have to actually take cover in insurgency . 
  peek around corners ( or at least aim down your sight ) when advancing to a position . 
  do n't just go sprinting right in the face of a enemy who has his gun ready and aimed . 
  - be aware of your enemies !, 
  gunfights are only half of the battle , if you get good at spotting and moving around you can flank your enemies which almost guarantees kills !, 
  - check around you , prevent getting flanked yourself !, 
  for example : on ministry i always go for the point in the top hallway on the side of the map . 
  unlike most people however i do n't rush straight up the stairs . 
  i first advance through the hallway directly below and then move up the enemies side-stairs . 
  this way i can flank them and always get one or two easy kills . 
  this should be some things to consider when getting started , i hope it helps !, 
  you completely missed the point of the game !, 
  the objectives are n't that important ? 
  not as tactical as cs ? 
  i mean really ? 
  and i 'm not a fanboy , but insurgency generic ? 
  you do n't judge cs on the surfmaps right ? 
  you should play some proper games with a team that actually plays tactically . 
  and no , this game does n't have a competitive ranking ( yet ) . 
  if you actually play right this game is a lot more objective focused and tactical than games like cs , wich also makes it kinda unique . 
  only some servers actually communicate the scores to the main server . 
  some say its with the mm : pvp tag , others say it 's stats tag . 
  it 's a pretty buggy systen , but then again it does n't influence gameplay so it is n't too bad ... 
  i just hope that all of them get added to the official map rotation . 
  i 'd rather see more variance between ( quality ) maps than sticking to the contest rules ... 
  there are some very good retextures on the workshop . 
  while those may jot replace the character models they do a very good job at concealing the flaws . 
  neither do people in cs . 
  ofcourse this video is just your experience with the game , so you coukd just have stumbled upon some poor matches . 
  and with the hunble bundle there 's a lot of new players , so matches are geberally played poorer . 
  i 'd like to ask you to go watch `` wtf is insurgency ?! '', 
  from totalbiscuit , i think he captures the essence of the game much better . 
  not meant to bash , but i think you could learn something from him , 
  words are my trigger you shit, 
  he probably means the map you can bring up by pressing n, 
  is n't this already the case ? 
  i use it from time to time to check if there 's anyone attacking/defending a point for example . 
  move around smart .
