  read up a lot about technical analysis , and then some fundamental analysis too . 
  then use fundamental analysis to pick a stock , and technical analysis to determine when to trade it . 
  now this is hugely simplified ofcourse , but looking up both technical and fundamental analysis should be a nice place to start . 
  what i would do is get a nice diversified portfolio , and just set that up yourself through a broker . 
  i think i 've seen some examples of good ones floating around either here or on / r/investmenteducation, 
  the funny thing is that we all read this , yet we all fail to do this at least the first time . 
  ( and sometimes more ... ), 
  read this subreddit , read / r/investing , read books , follow seminars or webinars . 
  just take every chance you can to learn something new . 
  student , 18 years old , studying comercial economics . 
  you ca n't start soon enough am i right ? 
  why that font ? 
  or they just invade them . 
  yes . 
  compyface is right . 
  you 're being the dick here . 
  we love you though . 
  why would they make a path leading to nothing ? 
  but before the path was there there was no one walking there . 
  the title says the desire path only formed after the gravel path was made . 
  / r/slygifs, 
  mount and blade us nice , although it 's kind of a niche game . 
  i 'm currently playing civilization v which is a great strategy game . 
  and skyrim is great fun if you can get it running properly . 
  amf , or amsterdam music festival is part of ade , it 's a night with only edm people though ... 
  amsterdam dance event is a great opportunity to expand your musical horizon , do n't stick to the music you hear everywhere else all the time , there 's so much more to discover !, 
  if you go to the website of amsterdam dance event you can find a list of all the parties going on , some personal recommendations would be fat kids cake and the hospitality label night . 
  it 'd be a shame if you would miss out on so many great parties . 
  mostly that actually . 
  whoever fires this gun will at least get cancer from being so close to the radiation ... 
  just let some die , after a while they will stop coming . 
  they should go to the us then . 
  not the west , the us . 
  i would be happy with whatever life i could get . 
  are you near amsterdam ? 
  how much did you pay for it ? 
  there 's a reason tf2 has so many melee weapons , rather than just a knife . 
  i 'm listening to music right now as i 'm sitting in a train browsing reddit . 
  while i am also in apple and think they as a company will continue to do well i would n't be making this bet in the current market . 
  do you like drum and bass ? 
  i 'm starting commercial economics at hva tomorrow , does that count ? 
  lmao, 
  and yet that same silliness is what makes tf2 stand out and makes it so much fun for some people . 
  did anyone else start counting how many toes there are ? 
  the spear does n't seem that good in the video tbh . 
  it seems like he 's getting blocked a lot and getting hit much more . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  the thing is that apple is eating up this market share instead of linux . 
  poor thing, 
  just fyi guild wars 2 recently went free to play, 
  why not use reddit ? 
  do you want to completely unroot and relock the bootloader or just get back to the stock rom ? 
  dangit !, 
  i never saw that spot until you mentioned it ... 
  lmao, 
  * in cinemas near you *, 
  oh wow , i recently got one of those too !, 
  i thought it was because i dropped him at first . 
  but then again that does n't really make sense since i dropped him face first on the ground , not on the edge . 
  ( and thank god my screen actually survived that ! ), 
  start small , the most value you 'll gain at this stage is in lessons learned . 
  some things to look out for : hospitality on thursday , ram records on friday , and noisia invites on saturday . 
  also on saturday there is the compass agency showcase , compass agency is a new agency with some of the best rising talents of the netherlands . 
  their showcase is from 17 ; 00 until 21:00 so it makes for a great pre-party for noisia !, 
  oh and on wednesday there 's a jungle party too , but the name has escaped me ... 
  and to finish it all of , there is a boat-party on sunday !, 
  if the os version matches you 'll generally be fine . 
  wrong sub . 
  haha , nice . 
  he does n't really talk much though ... have n't really spoken to him . 
  no , you airblast the rockets back to them . 
  a very heavy bass , a strong kick , very little or no percussion and samples of a jazz saxophone . 
  do you really play at sub 20 fps ? 
  are you playing on a potato ? 
  there is some bug in the mobile radio , i believe it is constantly reconnecting or something like that . 
  try going a day with airplane mode ( + wifi ) as much as possible , if you get your old battery life back then you 're in the same buggy boat as me ... 
  it 's not just mobile data , it 's calling and texting too ... 
  in their defense , you do n't need to be a good dj to be able to headline ultra . 
  while you 're absolutely right that it 's ridiculous to ask a dj for his whole library i do n't agree about the first bit . 
  i like to just check soundcloud , dig for new tracks , and then maybe do some schoolwork or whatever . 
  same with getting gigs , sometimes i 'll be doing dj contests or networking , other times i will not be doing anything music-related for weeks . 
  it does not take dedication to be a dj . 
  sure it takes dedication and effort to get far . 
  but not everyone has the same goals . 
  i 'd rather just keep it as a hobby with a gig here and there rather than turning it in a second job . 
  you need to get your customers to trust you with their real e-mail address . 
  for me that would mean that i think you either only send interesting e-mails , things that are very urgent or just barely send me anything at all . 
  as a customer , i do n't give a fuck . 
  i simply do n't want my mailbox to be filled with advertising . 
  so if you give the impression that you wo n't do that , and that you 're going to send something that i 'd actually want to read i might give you my real email address . 
  someone should make an immersive desirepaths mod for skyrim . 
  does it smell nice ? 
  so meta, 
  will the real / u/militron please stand up ? 
  i repeat , will the real / u/militron please stand up ? 
  not the tax payers , the companies . 
  they research those drugs and then other countries can easily reproduce them . 
  are you guys married yet ? 
  wie is je asm ? 
  i have considered this so many times now ...
