  kind of like you do with stocks , you follow the news about gold , new developments , its suppliers , its buyers , what the market does , what the substitutes for gold do ... and based on that you should have an idea of whether to go long or short . 
  are you using an amd card with the new crimson drivers ? 
  there 's a graphics card in your computer . 
  there is software that makes it possible for windows to communicate with that card , this software is called a driver . 
  amd is a manufacturer of graphic cards , and they recently released an update to their drivers which can make them overheat . 
  ( this update is called crimson ), 
  when the mods work with replacing files you can just do that . 
  when the mod needs some sort of editor or something what i do is place the editor in the game folder and then point to it in steam as a non-steam game . 
  that way it will run in the same wine environment . 
  pssh , showoff ... 
  ^ i 'm ^ jealous ^ give ^ me ^ that ^ setup ^ plz, 
  follow your heart . 
  looks better to me than smoggy hong kong or beijing ... 
  / r/investmenteducation, 
  well north korea does n't produce as much smog , simply because a large part of its ( already smaller ) population ca n't afford as many smog making devices . 
  take a good look at your replies and ask yourself `` how would a fanboy have replied ? '', 
  if you do n't have that kind of money you wo n't make a profit . 
  transaction costs will take all of it and more . 
  you beatmatch it over your headphones . 
  oh that game , i remember that !, 
  such an amazing game ... 
  the city definitely is nice !, 
  but i moved in from a rural part of the netherlands , so the weed is n't new for me . 
  and who needs hookers when you have a girlfriend anyways ? 
  wow that 's awesome !, 
  neee :(, 
  commenting on your comment to remind you to find this on your phone . 
  remind me to remind you when you 're ready, 
  hey !, 
  you should find this on your phone . 
  yes you can . 
  do you have the knowledge , the time , the skill and the motivation to be a label manager , a marketeer and more ? 
  if so , go for it . 
  otherwise you 're probably better off finding a label willing to release your tunes . 
  hey i 'm dutch , at least my ancestors actually put some effort into it !, 
  try the / r/vjing subreddit , lots of great artists over there . 
  cool site !, 
  there 's a nice climbing hall near amsterdam centraal . 
  i was there this week with school , had a lot of fun there !, 
  i travel by metro everyday , from holendrecht to centraal . 
  not only do i sit next to black people , i see everyone else doing it too . 
  you know , almost as if they 're just normal people . 
  the only people i avoid are smelly people and smokers . 
  while there might be some racism you 're making it way bigger than that it is . 
  were you in utrecht ? 
  the app is pretty shit since the last update , unfortunately . 
  psst ... 
  i am the reddit reminder !, 
  do n't forget !, 
  why is sfm so much more beautiful than the actual game ? 
  yeah but why does n't valve implement that in the game ? 
  i hate that this sub is only frequented by content marketeers promoting their own content . 
  far from everyone is happy about the changes . 
  resolume ? 
  better link :, 
  i appreciate your efforts . 
  just do it . 
  where did you lose your girlfriend ? 
  maybe we can help look for her !, 
  what kind of music do you play ? 
  this is my image of an average us citizen . 
  keep in mind that it requires a whopping 32mb of ram to work !, 
  no but seriously this game is so old it can run on a potatoe . 
  / r/babyelephantgifs, 
  be warned , you may melt . 
  brb, 
  why is it always the fat ones ? 
  even the username checks out, 
  what genres do you generally play ? 
  mr happy . 
  op knows what 's up . 
  just what i was thinking . 
  if you do you 'd better prepare yourself for horrible engagement rates . 
  to still be with my girlfriend , and to have received my propaedeutics ( which means passing all tests and getting all 60 course credits this year , so far i 'm still on track ! ), 
  you can nex to duolingo also memrise and anki using . 
  that would be a more literal translation , might help you put some words into place . 
  you did really well though !, 
  do you have time right now ? 
  there 's a big mediamarkt near central station too . 
  if you leave the station it 's to your left by the water . 
  i think that 's quite harsh . 
  i 'd say she does actually want to have a relationship with op , but she has a different view of what a relationship is and what the limits and boundaries are . 
  my advice to op would be to talk to her and make sure you both establish boundaries regarding what you 're comfortable with that the other is doing . 
  no need to ruin honest good love over a misunderstanding . 
  you are ( being ) the kind of player that makes the game toxic . 
  how did they set you up ? 
  oneplus does n't sell their phones through retailers , you can only get it directly form them . 
  ( or second-hand of course ), 
  how could you be too old ? 
  if someone with less experience is able to learn it so are you !, 
  traktor can do more . 
  serato ( + ddj ) is more like the cdjs you 'll be using in clubs . 
  not every dj is a edm-top40-whatevergetsmebooked dj . 
  many of us are in it for the music and/or part of a strong scene . 
  for example drum and bass has never been really mainstream here in the netherlands , but there is a very strong underground scene that does n't follow any trends and is n't going anywhere . 
  sure , this might be bad news for commercial djs , and djing may no longer be ` becoming the next rockstar ' to many kids , but it is n't going to anywhere . 
  i think the trend is more moving away from the sounds of edm rather than djing . 
  for any students reading this , when you show your inschrijfbewijs you can go to artis for just a few euros . 
  `` hanging out at my favourite coffeeshop '' that means smoking weed where i 'm from . 
  i 'm 19 right now !,
