  there 's usually people on this subreddit looking to meet people too !, 
  wan na hang out tomorrow ? 
  but drawing furry stuff makes them a lot more money, 
  the weirder the request the better the pay, 
  i hate your comment . 
  i hate it because it 's so right . 
  i can still see it just fine, 
  i want one . 
  the chimp ofcourse !, 
  antibes is awesome !, 
  i love the cote d'azure , i might go there again this summer !, 
  how old are you ? 
  will you be my reddit mom ? 
  can i go out tonight ? 
  just a honest piece of advice , start by brushing up your english skills . 
  it 's very hard to take someone serious as a business partner when they make so many grammatical and spelling errors . 
  you wan na go get some pancakes ? 
  every client is looking for a job well done . 
  but you need to give them the impression that you can do the job wel . 
  so a popularity contest then . 
  `` cool . '', 
  it 's the only right response . 
  mom !, 
  i got an 8/10 for my presentation last week !, 
  how so ? 
  he wants international sales , i point out something that 's keeping him back in making those . 
  there are agencies that can develop such strategies, 
  you guys are confusing amsterdammers with the dutch . 
  anywhere outside the big cities it would definitely be expected of you to learn the language when you live there . 
  i think it 'd be pretty hard to get a ( decent ) job outside of a big city if you do n't speak the language . 
  you 're a statistical oddity . 
  otherwise you 're just fine . 
  have fun !, 
  like her earrings have been way too heavy for way too long . 
  and not a single fact was stated in that video . 
  this was a company that specialised in utilising loopholes in the mess that is global taxation . 
  no-one is going to trial for this because it 's legal to do it . 
  everyone is trying to make this into a story of how the rich are ` caught red handed ' like they 're leading a mafia or something like that . 
  but that is n't what this is . 
  this is a list of people who used legal ways to pay lower taxes . 
  the only people this will really impact are public figures with some moral obligations to not do something that is considered ` shady ' by the general public . 
  like the president of iceland for example . 
  there 's a difference between tax avoidance and tax evasion . 
  ( not sure if those are the right english terms ), 
  like i said , most of these people are doing perfectly legal things . 
  when did america as a continent separate itself and form the landmass that it is today ? 
  waaaidaminute !, 
  that 's boku no pico is n't it ? 
  yeah he agreed with what i was thinking . 
  wow that looks pretty slick !, 
  are that those nasty mcdonald 's breakfast things ? 
  after a winter which was mostly rain and lots of wind the sun has finally come through and today is the first day we can actually sit outside ( in the sun , with long sleeves ) and not be too cold . 
  oh i 'm from the netherlands . 
  sorry , not my native language, 
  it 's not too much warmer here , but there 's no wind so in the sun it 's nice , 
  nice . 
  not more than any others i think . 
  do you mean 30 normal people degrees ? 
  that 's an insane amount of change !, 
  keep doing what you do !, 
  a country living off tourism ? 
  now you 're even more ignorant dude, 
  there is . 
  just do it faggot, 
  the worth of a company is divided by the amount of stocks they have . 
  could be that one just released way more stocks than the other . 
  ( this is hugely oversimplified ofcourse ), 
  v a p o r w a v e, 
  your left-wing president is still right by european standards . 
  why is this tagged as nsfw ? 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  what happens when you take psychedelic drugs ? 
  i gathered a collection of vaporwave tunes . 
  they 're so aesthetic . 
  lol my bank actually had something in their newsletter about chinese ( normal ) etfs , and how you ca n't ignore china because it 's such a big economy . 
  last time i listened to their advice i lost a lot , not falling for that again . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  could be , maybe they 're rolling it out in phases . 
  if it 's as simple as that then why are n't there more freelancers ? 
  being an entrepreneur also means no income security , no job security , investing your vacation money just to have a chance to get your business off the ground , etc. 
  if we remove the benefits why would anyone ever bother to try creating a business ? 
  but venture capitalists do . 
  everything is in order . 
  move along citizen . 
  an argument is not invalid just because you say it is . 
  his argument is actually very valid . 
  i 'm not defending the game , i 'm saying that what lawfui stated is simply not true . 
  the fact that there are laws of economics in effect does not mean you ca n't get items for free . 
  that 's just incorrect reasoning . 
  tesla could be good . 
  analyzing their business model and why they released all their patents for free . 
  futurecore or futurewave, 
  i refuse to believe that an elephant would do such a thing to someone who did n't deserve it . 
  how tall is that in normal people measures ? 
  yes please !, 
  that sounds like an amazing marketing stunt, 
  that 's probably because you 're not a local tho . 
  as for tuesday night i do n't really know as i 'm more into dance myself . 
  on tuesday during the day there wo n't be much going on , the fun really starts in the evening and the next day . 
  as for kingsday itself i can recommend going to the ndsm warf , there will be a lot of small stages there with a huge variety of music .
