  personally ( and i 'm no expert ) i would get out now , wait for things to become a little more stable and then go back to what they were doing ... 
  made with the stock cyanogen os camera , then edited with photoshop express . 
  ukraine is n't in russia ( yet ) though ... 
  awesome , lets see where i can end up :d, 
  that sucks :(, 
  but thanks for answering my question !, 
  can you see the different pixels on your opo right now ? 
  we 're going to need a bit more info ... 
  it depends on what you like and what your playstyle is . 
  2nd place so far ... let 's hope my portfolio can keep it up . 
  i just went yolo and picked some things at random . 
  the thing is that domestic does n't necessarily mean us for a lot of people here on reddit . 
  you must be so much fun at parties . 
  this reposting is just getting ridiculous ... 
  what is your tumblr ? 
  i tried , but man what did you put me through ? 
  i could n't do it , i 'm sorry . 
  the toppers in concert is this evening , so the place was swarming with housewives with short haircuts and white leggings ... and a lot of bad music too . 
  why is this guy getting downvoted ? 
  you sound so jelly , and also what you are saying is wrong . 
  i 'm not sure , not being in a top team maybe ... you just sound very jelly . 
  at the local market there is a stand where they sell all kinds of stroopwafel . 
  they even sells small sacks with stroopwafel crumbs and then they pour hot syrup over it . 
  it 's delicious . 
  and also / r/truetf2, 
  you should try longboarding , longboarding is fun . 
  but the real question is , what does he doe ? 
  i 'd say an anonymous ov chipkaart would be perfect for this . 
  well if you go amsterdam - breda back and forth it 'll probably cost more than that anyway . 
  try playing dota 2 that might fix it . 
  hmm that 's odd , is it with all full screen programs or just these two games ? 
  also does it still happen in windowed mode ? 
  how do you run it ? 
  this right here is the best advice in this thread . 
  making a buildup like this , or even combining it with a riser makes a track flow so much better . 
  in the end the size of a sound is relative to the track . 
  this one sounds so big more because of the way the track is mixed than the synth itself . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  also you 'd need to know how long everyone has been playing , wich would require some kind of modification on the server side of things . 
  i watched this at work . 
  i have no idea , i can however point you to resolute , which is some of the most used vjing tools out there . 
  it is really powerful in combination with some nice video clips ( you can even get a lot of those for free ), 
  it 's great fun too . 
  just mess around with , and it helps you better understand vjing !, 
  so if you have some free time i 'd definitely recommend checking it out !, 
  those look as fake as can be . 
  you can probably run world of warcraft, 
  nothing wrong with porn though ... 
  a guy from my it class once did this . 
  he got in trouble because his site was asking for the login credentials from people ... 
  he then offered to let the school have the script , but they declined that too . 
  i do n't think the sysadmins actually knew php ... 
  php is a perfectly fine language to write server-side code in . 
  i think you 're using php wrong maybe . 
  then why are you here ? 
  go buy a longboard and learn longboard-dancing :d, 
  the valve stockholm servers, 
  i was hoping for this too . 
  he should , since delivery is his job ... 
  no , they 're better . 
  you are right . 
  if i may give you some advice , just ignore these kind of posts . 
  nothing good is gon na come out of them . 
  i like doormats who are definitely not people . 
  they are not mostly samsung actually . 
  think oneplus one or the new lg flagship for example . 
  samsung is just the one with the most marketing . 
  it 's awesome though, 
  i actually kinda went the same way , i started with deep house , then got more into ` bass house ' ( most vague genre ever ) and then went on to focus more on the grimey jacking house and garage . 
  check out chris lorenzo or my nu leng for some great tracks !, 
  the best . 
  my nu leng , skelecta , inkline , chris lorenzo ... 
  it 's pretty much all i play now !, 
  hannah wants actually has a lot of substance compared to say kygo or oliver helden ( both of which i have heard being labeled as deep house ... ), 
  let 's make this a bass house thread . 
  i recommend skelecta , killjoy , magistrate , rich pinder , jay faded , blenda , kgreen , and machu & moxi, 
  those are all the big names , give me something i do n't know :d, 
  tbh i can see how this mistake was made . 
  and they were online courses so its not too strange that she ca n't follow those without internet . 
  just play more tf2, 
  also keep checking humblebundle.com every once in a while . 
  they have great games for cheap !, 
  ehh , i read about it on my oneplus one but other than that i 'm not involved at all . 
  thank you for the great analysis !, 
  start with picking a broker . 
  so how is eight deck mixing working out ? 
  you tell me , you 're the guy with eight decks \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  who would call the cops without even notifying the manager ? 
  as a retail slave that 's just unheard of ... 
  that 's some great karma getting delivered right there . 
  it is everything i wanted , even if i did not yet know i wanted it !, 
  it is also just a number used to explain a concept . 
  hah , we 're in the same boat then ... 
  here in the netherlands a business owner can be held responsible personally if he 's using all the money of his business to buy new cars for his family or stuff like that . 
  however the government gets outstanding tax money first , then banks get to claim their loans , and only after that do investors get what 's left . 
  do while this is n't really an insurance for investors it is a huge deterrent for people to do such things . 
  just know that generally speaking these kind of firms have fees that eat up most of your profit . 
  to a point where it 's sometimes better to just dump all your money in a single index , because then at least you wo n't suffer from all those fees . 
  i 'd imagine it 's a great opportunity to learn a lot about investing , and in the meantime getting your foot in the door at wallstreet . 
  however now that so much is automated and digital i do n't believe being a broker is that lucrative anymore .
