  i do n't think he is . 
  i think the means dynamic content in general . 
  google is a corporation with a marketing slogan . 
  this is a non-profit with a board from people from mozilla , university of michigan , stanford law school and the eff . 
  that has to be a bad one ... 
  what are your hobbies and interests ? 
  it 's generally a poor idea to limit yourself to a single channel . 
  your boss has been doing email for a long time already , see instead if you can impress him with ideas about other channels . 
  do people tho ? 
  i agree . 
  americans can have their fucked up systems , no need to bother a global audience with that . 
  layer rimshots or other stick percussion with the snare . 
  i do n't like using it except for mastering . 
  when i use a compressor as a tool to shape sounds i do n't want to make decisions about how things sit in the mix . 
  that should be a separate decision . 
  if you 're showing off hihats do n't pair it with such a huge pad that sits in the same frequency range lol, 
  ask your boss . 
  you 're there in a learning role , it 's not expected of you to already know how to do everything . 
  ( and if it is gtfo ), 
  no it 's not . 
  why would we need it ? 
  a sauna does n't kill a human though ... 
  yeah because if it was in my country it would actually be important for me . 
  check out high tea music . 
  they do dubstep , drum 'n bass , future bass and such . 
  melodic dubstep would fit in well . 
  who ? 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2165354/termites-eat-32-000-womans-safe-taiwan.html even cash is n't safe . 
  please do n't get these certifications , certificates are n't valued at all in programming . 
  why is that ? 
  which makes her even more accountable . 
  time will tell . 
  get the dog . 
  my girlfriend of over three years just broke up with me . 
  i guess i should be happy for having had her in my life and how we changed each other for the better . 
  although i do miss her now . 
  i am , i guess, 
  thanks for your concern , 
  i 'm doing okay , feeling a melancholic happiness over the good times we had . 
  wot . 
  how so ? 
  check out the flite discord . 
  flite is a guy who streams drum and bass production on twitch but his discord has a lot of guys who make hill stuff and future garage and such . 
  following some news sources from every side of whatever conflicts often still wo n't give you a correct picture . 
  but i think it 's as close as we can get now . 
  sadly most people only really follow news from their countries ' perspective . 
  i produce drum and bass and i ( and many other producers i know ) actually use quite strong sidechains . 
  i personally tend to use especially strong sidechains on my sub from the kick and my mid bass from the snare . 
  especially that last one is very important in my songs to make the snare really pop . 
  well of course you have to take that in consideration when you look at them . 
  in the same way you should consider the bbc to have a uk bias for example . 
  in theong term switching would probably be the better choice . 
  while it may mean a drop in pay now in the long run you will have a broader skillset and be able to develop yourself much more . 
  salesforce is only a very small niche of software development . 
  and while it can be good to know you should definitely not limit yourself to it . 
  we totally should take flanders from belgium though . . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  probably not much as there is still little incentive for developers to do mac, 
  probably not much as there is still little incentive for developers to do mac, 
  if they 're on the same server ? 
  the difference is negligible . 
  also check out / r/dutchfire, 
  most producers ( even those who make pop music ) enjoy the music they make . 
  otherwise you 'd burn out from producing real fast . 
  what i find is that i tend to like my own tracks at the time , but as i go on and learn new things about production and writing music i tend to see new flaws in my music . 
  use a minor key , have the sounds be a bit dissonant , either by detuning or having a few ` wrong ' notes ( although be careful with that ! ), 
  does it matter ? 
  there is a large overlap between the two these days , does it really matter whether it 's one or the other ? 
  only use sends when it makes sense to use them . 
  yeah every track could use some of that , so a send . 
  a delay on a pluck ? 
  chances are nothing else will use a delay like that so just put it on the channel . 
  reverb is one of the few effects that actually really benefits from only being applied once ( rather than once for every sound ) for many other effects sends are merely a way to organize things . 
  turn your bpm down to 140 . 
  think of it like this : if you did a dj set with all their best tracks would yours fit in there too ? 
  het is grappig want dat is in feite wiskunde verbieden ... 
  but emacs us obviously the better daw . 
  i do believe every instance of a vst is its own process . 
  and they usually eat up the most cpu power . 
  html and css, 
  flitednb and shroomhead_one are both really good, 
  they targeted their ad to me on facebook . 
  i did n't buy anything from them . 
  this company is practically burning money . 
  you make some fair points . 
  but the way you make them feels attacking and does not invite to further discussion . 
  what are your unique selling points compared to a platform like salesforce ? 
  try arranging things together before you try to mix them together . 
  was je ook naar curated by lenzman ? 
  not me . 
  what a beauty !, 
  when you share your mixes online and people listen to it they will notice . 
  nooo you do not want that on your mastering chain !, 
  shaping the stereo field is a conscious arrangement and mixing decisions . 
  take in consideration where in the mix you place something every time you add a new element . 
  do n't just slap it on there and be done with it . 
  i promise you that it will not sound good . 
  if you have an identical sound on your left and right channels with the same amount of pan on each they will just sum up back to mono again . 
  do n't get into music business for the money . 
  ( but if you can pour your heart into it more power to you ! ),
