  well not all of amsterdam is as recognizable haha , i 'll try to do one out of our school building today !, 
  i 'm bored too . 
  at school while the teacher is rehearsing old stuff . 
  i 'm bored in class , everyone is talking and we 've already finished our assignment . 
  so what are you up to ? 
  for a second there i read you were reading papers on your nightshift while having breast cancer ... 
  things could always be worse i guess, 
  do they ? 
  this man is a genius . 
  he knows perfectly well what he 's doing . 
  it 's not you , it 's ye . 
  but you ca n't change it ... can you ? 
  nah it 's too late now , you 're her girlfriend . 
  have you seen that new movie ? 
  it 's playing in the cinema4d downtown, 
  sounds like a hardware problem . 
  why is that ? 
  in my understanding ( and i understand that i know way too little to trade them ) they 're not that different from options only with materials instead of stocks as underlying trade item ... 
  yeah babies suck, 
  i think she 's a woman actually, 
  what color is your father 's facial hair ? 
  i 'd like a big mac and some chicken nuggets please . 
  are you in amsterdam ? 
  does he ? 
  how do you feel about that ? 
  apple cares more about their affairs in china though . 
  that has been their biggest market for a few years now . 
  why do news channels like fox news get away with so much blatant misinformation ? 
  do you feel ready ? 
  some of it is . 
  that said , if you can offer some insights to make music like al pack , ledge or lurch that would be really awesome !, 
  i agree . 
  if you had to pick , communism or living with a goat in your house ? 
  cool , i want in on this !, 
  as someone who grew up in a village below den helder and now living in amsterdam , you 're welcome . 
  you should find a new job . 
  this is a subreddit to discuss content marketing , not to dump your content . 
  just because you 're a girl does n't mean you are n't ` the man ', 
  were you somehow forced into this job or do you hate yourself ? 
  do you have designated shitting streets ? 
  have you given them names yet ? 
  are n't they practically the same though ? 
  that should teach them for trying to piss in our canals !, 
  why ? 
  i 'm walking through artis , the zoo of amsterdam !, 
  yes , and i do n't know ... 
  i had to leave a bit early because my stadium excellence course is starting in a bit . 
  well for students it 's only 3 euros to enter , so i can come back anytime !, 
  normal price would be 20 euros haha , this is students only . 
  also i live in amsterdam so it 's really easy for me to just go there whenever i have a few free hours . 
  those eyes, 
  are you canadian ? 
  i ( as dutch ) have never seen or heard about any of this . 
  red bull costs less than $ 5 . 
  the price of your product really does n't determine whether you should advertise or not . 
  when is half-life 3 coming out ? 
  that first one is way overboard with all the effects , i 'd actually prefer the old one there . 
  do n't be afraid to drop some my nu leng or cause & affect . 
  you 're not opening after all . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  wether or not you should advertise ca n't be based only on the selling price of your product . 
  there are many more factors one needs to know before making such a decision . 
  do you have many friends now ? 
  does she ever do you ? 
  you could write them an angry letter, 
  it 's not do much about inspiration . 
  it 's more about thoroughly understanding a system an seeing how you can use it to your advantage . 
  bootstrap is not what he 's looking for since he 's only changing an already existing template . 
  my advice for op would be to try and find some it student or something to do it for him . 
  but can he aim ? 
  it 's probably a american thing , but why would a business need to stop advertising when something bad has happened ? 
  here in the netherlands as long as your slogan is n't `` earth-shattering quality '' during an earthquake there would be no reason to change your schedule , unless you or your business is involved with what happened ofcourse . 
  over here ` showing support ' as a business would rather be seen as promoting your business over the back of victims . 
  what 's with all the people making a big deal out of this ? 
  the dude fell and got hurt , that 's it . 
  no need to get all emotional about it ... 
  so is yours . 
  he probably means he want to hear how people think this will change the ways marketeers use twitter rather than hearing personal opinions from end users about the new feature itself . 
  well it depends on how much you want to get done . 
  making some decent content and doing some customer interactions is easily doable parttime . 
  but writing reports and analysis and making high quality content ( think videos for example ) are things that simply take more time . 
  it 's all a matter of managing demands and expectations . 
  that 's what you get when you take children to public places ... 
  you are very right in that they 're not exactly the hype machines that mount & blade deserve ... 
  space battles are very dependant on the health of different critical systems of the ships . 
  you can win one very quickly by only going bombers and attacking things like the bridge , engines and relays . 
  haha this is so polished too !, 
  someone put way too much effort into making this, 
  cool !, 
  where can i sign up ? 
  no , i 'd rather have no kids at all . 
  what did you snort ? 
  got any left for me ? 
  innovation is the key to success !, 
  i 'm not at home . 
  how did she die ? 
  do you know extra history ? 
  you should look up extra history . 
  why ? 
  get yourself skilled in digital marketing .
