  i live next to holendrecht centre ( the big white building ) and it 's still ( very ) empty . 
  you . 
  oh ofcourse , you do n't know that yet !, 
  would n't matter at all . 
  who selects their partner on what industry they 're in anyways ? 
  and then ask them for double that . 
  a picture of me and my girlfriend in france , 
  lmao ? 
  at that point you 'd just be using government funding to line your own pockets ... 
  do you play video games ? 
  any music you 're really into ? 
  that 's great news !, 
  that means there 's still a world of undiscovered music for you to discover !, 
  have you ever heard about flume ? 
  nice . 
  why do n't you two just marry each other ? 
  thank you to the mod team !, 
  i feel as you 're the only marketing related sub that aims to keep such a standard for quality . 
  since when is not knowing someone a reason not to marry ? 
  i would n't describe warband ( or any m&b game really ) as polished to someone who does n't know the series yet . 
  thanks for all these suggestions !, 
  upwork is generally seen as a completely terrible site . 
  also the best way to get nightmare customers . 
  staying away from services like that , they 're generally a race to the bottom in both price and quality ... 
  i 'd say cold calling or even visiting would work best, 
  go with team blu, 
  only americans would care a little . 
  what game is this ? 
  but when a bridge in the inner-city of a metropolis does n't have handrails it 's not safe to use anymore . 
  why should n't he ? 
  go to meetups and events , especially ones hosted by incubators . 
  they lost their parents at a young age though . 
  i would really appreciate getting a pass !, 
  check out http://www.yecommunity.com/ !, 
  it 's a community dedicated to young entrepreneurs . 
  it 's not the explosion that would kill the masses . 
  it 's not even the radiation . 
  it 's the nuclear winter that 's gon na take the most lives . 
  can you provide the cameras ? 
  the whole biscuitbear thing made me cringe everytime . 
  really ? 
  places like holendrecht and bullewijk have lots of buildings that have been empty for years ... 
  what 's with all the nbsp in your code ? 
  i have a girlfriend . 
  yes, 
  look who 's talking, 
  bee movie ? 
  yes, 
  it 's nice of you to think of this community when looking for internet marketeers . 
  that said , that price is very low for anyone who knows what he 's doing . 
  is n't that plug.dj ? 
  google analytics , hootsuite podium , hubspot inbound marketing, 
  those are some certifications to spice up your linkedin . 
  other than that graphics design and webdevelopement are great skills to have . 
  especially webdevelopement since it 's a hit rarer . 
  be prepared to spend a lot of time on learning it though , since it 's something completely different from anything marketing related . 
  japanese ( business ) culture is very different from anywhere else . 
  especially the western world . 
  australi\u00eb , as we dutch call it . 
  although i would n't consider that a different name . 
  it seems closer to a slight mutation of your own way of saying it . 
  rather than just attacking his code could you maybe suggest improvements instead ? 
  i 'm interested in seeing how others would do it instead . 
  whomever would campaign saying `` we will not enact article 50 ! '', 
  would win i think . 
  officially the referendum was only advisory , and if this party were to get into power that would mean enough people would have had second thoughts about brexit to warrant them not enacting article 50 without going against the will of the people . 
  damn . 
  customer relationship management ? 
  heck yeah . 
  software to assist you with that ? 
  probably not . 
  what 's day two ? 
  and how soon is it coming ? 
  your wall is upside-down . 
  get your wife to find a job . 
  fucking gold rush ... 
  wow very cool !, 
  if only you 'd do live visuals i 'd totally book you !, 
  that sounds like a perfect opportunity for shenanigans, 
  hahaha , kees i saw your post on facebook , 
  runescape if you want a mmo, 
  can i come too ? 
  can men get it ? 
  it 's on the edge of the middle-east though , so it 's more an edgy-eastern country . 
  think about what you 're getting out of it for yourself . 
  try comparing the two on the same volume, 
  sounds more like visa is being difficult to be honest, 
  because everyone is an expert . 
  or so they claim . 
  not when i flail it around though . 
  upvoted, 
  well actually , they 're your brother 's or sister 's . 
  neato *, 
  actually i do n't, 
  he was talking about quality of life , nor dick measuring . 
  learn to play contrabass, 
  do you feel like there is adequate support for people with your problems ? 
  do you often feel criminalized ? 
  poppy edm ( sometimes called progressive or electro house ) mostly . 
  i love pretty much all other dance music tho .
