  just post it here and remind me to tomorrow evening . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm any good , but i 'm willing to take a look ^ ^, 
  as a dj , i just want to keep on playing bigger festivals and gigs . 
  it 's just an awesome feeling to control a crowd like that , to make them all lose their shit on that one drop and generally have a good time . 
  yeah that 's what i meant, 
  hi , how are you ? 
  these guys . 
  you too , asshat, 
  but that feeling when you outskill a soldier with your airblast , dayumm, 
  it is a fair fight , mostly about skill and barely about luck . 
  so they should just cry some moooaar !, 
  oh you ... 
  the simplest method would be to just put it in a currency that is n't falling ( or maybe even rising ), 
  but since this is mostly a result of the euro being so unstable i think the dollar wo n't be dropping for quite a while . 
  people need to regain trust in the euro first . 
  ( or something worse needs to happen to the us , so that everyone flees back to the eurozone lol ), 
  i 'd like my team to have a scout , a soldier , a pyro , a demoman , a heavy , a sniper , a spy , an engineer and a medic . 
  that would be awesome . 
  you do n't need to worry about that , if you want to bother with such things you 'll need a bigger monitor and a better place first in order to see the differences . 
  at first i thought this was / r/cringe but congratulations !, 
  this one right here . 
  i have done nothing like rooting , or unlocking the bootloader . 
  can i still flash it ? 
  or do i need to unlock the bootloader first ? 
  ( and lose all my stuff , right ? ), 
  i 'm new to this stuff , and have no idea how to do things x ), 
  as someone who never flashed or done anything of the like , can someone explain to me how i use the zip file to update ? 
  i have it on my device in the root folder , and have usb debugging enabled . 
  but i 'm lost on what to do next . 
  some help would really be appreciated !, 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  huh ? 
  also try insurgency, 
  wan na see a real shitty city ? 
  hehe , as pyro those are the best kills . 
  a new secondary for the engie, 
  as pyro just stand adjacent to the wall and shoot past it rather than straight at it . 
  hahaha that 's so funny !, 
  i ca n't bake it anymore !, 
  hah , i actually fooled my girlfriend into believing this was a real photo !, 
  because in europe cars are manual by default . 
  running is a great way to destroy your knees . 
  even when you do it ` right ' it 's still better for your knees not to run . 
  try swimming instead !, 
  does n't the xone have a built in usb port like the xone42 ? 
  12:52 here , i 'm on my lunch break at work . 
  i work at an electronics store . 
  more like an epidemic ... 
  you should respond to each and every of those posts with a link to a divorce lawyer or something . 
  and just a link , nothing else . 
  i heard there is a canyon somewhere around there that 's really nice . 
  you should go check it out !, 
  ( but do n't murder people ! ), 
  i 've been chilling with my girlfriend . 
  in the afternoon we went to a friend 's place , he was home alone and made a cake . 
  it 's 23:44 now and i 'm just browsing reddit . 
  today was a good day . 
  america the pinnacle of human existence ? 
  you should visit ( western ) europe some time . 
  only does western europe actually have high living standards , health care for everyone etc, 
  what you could try to do is to find tactics specifically against those people . 
  while it will be very different from any guides you may see online ( usually aimed at beating somewhat competent players ) you may still find some ways to effectively counter those people . 
  some smart sticky traps from demo come to mind , or maybe a very mobile rocket jumping soldier to rain death from above . 
  heeee ken, 
  no you do n't . 
  you . 
  do n't . 
  i 've started on a novation twitch , it 's an awesome little thing . 
  i still use from time to time just for fun . 
  where can i get one ? 
  if i recall correctly it actually is . 
  in japan i think sleeping is a sign that you worked hard . 
  are there any dancers here ? 
  or is it all just downhill and freeriding ? 
  the single most cinematic hmb yet . 
  old sport, 
  also samsung has a much larger budget for these things . 
  she could just as well have been talking about the first season , where khal drogo and danarys first get together for example ... 
  well they would have offices in the us too , so why would n't it cost 1400 extra there ? 
  the poor customer service people ca n't help it that the company is shitty tho :(, 
  yes , but only a little . 
  gaming technology is reaching a point where the limitations are no longer in the hardware , but rather in the software . 
  while memory keeps getting bigger , and cpu 's and gpu 's keep becoming more capable the people who make all the assets stay just that . 
  people . 
  let 's say the gta franchise is looking to advance , there 's not much left to gain from better shaders or more polygons etc. 
  instead the consoles are now capable of delivering fully fleshed out and living worlds . 
  there are other obstacles however to making sucha world . 
  ( imagine every shop having an actual interior , no more facade-buildings etc. ), 
  it would take a whole army of level designers and artists to make . 
  and while the capabilities of our consoles have risen tremendously , the amount of gamers has n't as much . 
  this means that games would either have to have ridiculous prices , or things will be cut out due to budget reasons . 
  this is also one of the reasons why yearly franchises are becoming more common . 
  developers have to keep their costs low somehow . 
  exactly what i was thinking, 
  those are not valve games by the way . 
  i probably am , even though i do n't like it ... :(, 
  i 'm studying marketing and do some investing on the side . 
  i sure must hate my life ... 
  you 're a few steps ahead of me , but i can totally relate . 
  we 're a lucky bunch of guys ,
