  ca n't you contact the previous guy ? 
  liters wiet, 
  why just developers , influencers ( not even marketeers ? ), 
  and testers ? 
  if you want to get this off the ground you 're going to need a lot more than just that . 
  bootstrap wo n't actually learn him how to make it . 
  i see you 're getting downvoted but as a fellow dutchman i wholeheartedly agree . 
  now you 're generalizing just as much as he does . 
  i can drive but i still go everywhere by bike . 
  cycling is so much nicer . 
  you 're not missing anything really . 
  still rubbing ? 
  huh ? 
  in the usa ? 
  i heard a lot of the problems from the us police force stem from the fact that a lot of the officers come from the army . 
  do you recruit a lot of army people ? 
  that 's basically what he 's known for yeah, 
  reads like a cheap recycle if the course 's content . 
  i was hoping for some critique on the course itself or something . 
  what is your favourite italian dish ? 
  how many of these 18gb come from the shoe ? 
  i should be packing my bag to go to amsterdam right now ... 
  what instrument do you play ? 
  how do you travel from one end of a city to the other in just 15 minutes ? 
  again , nothing to do with php, 
  0834-5653-9307 no you add me, 
  starwars : knight of the old republic . 
  halfway through the game i went on wookiepedia and looked at backstory only to have the major plottwist of the game spoiled to me . 
  never went back after that . 
  is n't the whole game 23 + years old ? 
  the reason probably being that the harry potter series has been a huge success . 
  i 'd say an : after selector on the red bar to create a smaller bar just below it and then a filter : blur on that . 
  salesforce as a company has a rule where employees need to spend x hours every year doing ` community service ' . 
  if you mention to them that you 're an ngo and need help setting things up they can probably help you out and walk you through setting everything up . 
  also the fact that the british asked the cia to stage a coup by rebel groups in order to protect british petroleum interests . 
  soap in general is just horrible , so stay away from that whenever you can . 
  the rest api works great , so i 'd use that one . 
  why would you pick symfony 2 over 3 ? 
  i will start studying any second now . 
  is what i told myself all day yesterday, 
  please do, 
  just send out multiple rest requests, 
  you buffer them ofcourse . 
  actually ventrillo and teamspeak were much earlier . 
  this is pretty basic stuff to be honest, 
  i am currently in the process of linking our website to salesforce . 
  while this is for a ngo so it does n't result in sales , it does allow us to automate a lot of the stuff that interns are now doing with excel sheets . 
  it 's also much easier to gain insights this way . 
  every u is capitalized because he thinks u really matter . 
  is it hard to go through trade school in a later stage in your career in the us ? 
  balance it out , while it 's good to know several different stacks there 's no use in learning them all . 
  once you got a few down others are easy enough to pick up anyways . 
  yes , try all of them out in a hobby project or two . 
  what i 'm trying to say is general knowledge and insights in programming is much more important than learning a particular framework or technology . 
  i dont know , actually . 
  the salesforce environment was already there when i came in . 
  i did it !, 
  how does that change anything ? 
  why are your turntables so far apart ? 
  those colors around the eyes are really cool !, 
  i do n't see how that 's related ... 
  very nice of you to explain it just in case, 
  please show your dog, 
  and also chilled . 
  he 's great . 
  but then how comes europe is so far ahead of the us ? 
  they grids here are much older after all . 
  how can you get half minimum wage ? 
  is n't minimum wage , you know , the minimum ? 
  just include bootstrap and then never actually use it :d, 
  mee too thanks, 
  at this point deep house is as much of a blanket term as house itself . 
  search for specific subsubgenres ( oh the times we live in ) instead . 
  you 'd still have pollution from freeways actually, 
  maybe you can get people to give you a shoutout in exchange for giving them a shoutout, 
  what usually happens is that you make some very big , nasty and loud sound . 
  and then use a lowpass filter to cut off the top leaving you with a nasty bass . 
  you then control the lowpass filter through either an envelope or lfo . 
  this is by no means a set rule , but this is how many bass sounds are made . 
  why does this community pretend not everyone downloads the game anyways ? 
  i mean i have the discs but i do n't even have a disc reader anymore ... 
  all other drivers in the world , you stay safe too, 
  what 's your app built on ? 
  this is a very wrong way to go about it . 
  if your customers are complaining that you 're too expensive then that means you 're not adding enough value to be worth your money . 
  there 's little point in explaining to them that you need to pay your employees , instead explain to them why you believe your service is worth paying for . 
  i 'd say you 're better of finding better monitors . 
  it will be hard to finetune the sub so that you have a flat volume response in the lower frequencies . 
  you can just temporarily turn your master down . 
  i often do this to see how my track would sound at lower volumes . 
  to see if some elements are too high/low or muddy . 
  my advice would be to not look at the us . 
  there 's really plenty of good work to be done in the netherlands / germany / the uk ( for now ) / etc. 
  since you 're already a eu citizen there would be much less of a hassle to get you hired , meaning you 're also more likely to be hired . 
  this is by no means necessary . 
  it can however help to blend things together a bit more . 
  sending all your drums to the same room reverb can make it sound like they 're all recorded in the same room for example . 
  this is all the mastering plugins i 've ever needed . 
  if your song sounds muddy it 's your mixing that needs work though . 
  what is your gender ?
