  hello y' all, 
  i just caught the vjing virus and i 'm diving in head-first . 
  but i have a question , my set up as for now is a laptop running traktor and a diffrent laptop running resolume , with only the audio signal comming through . 
  what is the best way for me to sync the two ? 
  can resolume detect the bpm from the audio signal ? 
  or should i run an extra cable between the two , and if so what kind of cable ? 
  many thanks in advance, 
  hello my fellow djs !, 
  i am from the netherlands and this summer i am going on a vacation to argel\u00e8s-sur-mer . 
  for those who do n't know that 's a big city on the coast of france , a lot of younger people go there and the city has a booming nightlife . 
  even though my trip is just a vacation i would love to play a night or two in a club there . 
  now ofcourse i know next to nothing about the scene there , nor do i know any promoters ... how would i go about getting gigs there ? 
  has anyone else done such thing before ? 
  any tips ? 
  do 's and dont 's ? 
  heya , i got my opo some weeks ago and i 'm really loving it !, 
  i 'm a huge fan of minimalist designs , and i love the design of the opo . 
  however i 'm not really happy about the boot screen , the `` powered by android '' really destroys the elegance of it . 
  is there a way to remove it ? 
  while keeping the nice 1 + logo ofcourse . 
  this game has been awesome so far , anything that i really need to know ? 
  are you all having a good time ? 
  heya / r/macgaming !, 
  i found you guys just in time , the lack of games on my mac was getting to me ... until i tried winebox that is !, 
  i 'm trying to run skyrim , and while i can get it running it 's just so glitchy that it ruins the experience . 
  now i was wondering , could it 've been a bad port ? 
  or is my mac just too low-specced ? 
  i 'm trying to run it on a late 2012 retina mbp with 8gb ram , intel iris 1563mb and 2,4 ghz intel i5 . 
  the problems that i 'm getting are major fps drops , and whenever i get closer to buildings textures disappear and are replaced with rainbows . 
  the port ( or should i say wineskin ? ), 
  that i tried to run is this one :, 
  can you guys help me out ? 
  i just turned 18 the 2nd of december , and i want to get started working towards my financial independence . 
  i live with my parents and i 'm doing a bachelor here in the netherlands ( that means no 20 000 dollar debt , yay ! ), 
  my parents got me covered on pretty much everything regarding my education and housing , so i have virtually no monthly costs . 
  besided my bachelor i also have a job working in an electronics store wich brings me around 200 euros every month . 
  now i 'm in a great position to get started with investing , but i simply do n't know where to start . 
  i found that a lot of resources in the sidebar are aimed at americans , which is making it hard for me to find out where to start . 
  can you guys help me on my way please ? 
  18 years old, 
  about 200 euro disposable income every month, 
  lives in the netherlands, 
  do n't know where to start, 
  hey / r/options !, 
  in the last few weeks i 've been learning a lot about investing and speculating , but there 's something i do n't quite get about options . 
  i understand the general concept , and i can see how most strategies would work . 
  but there 's something that i 've never seen explained . 
  for example : say i 'd want to buy the following option :, 
  gopro : gpro feb. 2015 52,50 and it 's going for a price of $ 3,50, 
  now as how i understood it i taught that i could buy 1 option for $ 3,50 . 
  ( which is n't profitable due to transaction fees of course , but technically possible ), 
  yet whenever i try to order an option ( and i have a few hunderds available on my account ) it tells me i have insufficient funds . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  are options only traded in masses maybe ? 
  or how does this work ? 
  it should only be 3,50 + transaction fees right ? 
  ps : sorry for my spelling, 
  heya / r/insurgency !, 
  i 'm setting up a tactical coop server ( voice com et all ) for me and my friends to play on , however i 'm having trouble with getting custom maps to work . 
  i tried following ( the last part of ) this guide : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=266580040, 
  and i have the subscribed_file_ids . txt in the main folder of my insurgency server . 
  in my server.cfg i have set `` mapcyclefile '' to `` mapcycle_workshop . txt '', 
  yet i 'm not getting any custom maps , and when i type `` changelevel [ custom map name ] '' in the console it says the map is not found . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  here in the netherlands it 's nothing but cold wind and rain . 
  can we have summer please ? 
  i just stumbled upon this piece of software , it seems pretty neat and a nice way to run windows . 
  the thing is that it 's a virtual machine , and i 've heard these are n't very good for gaming performance wise . 
  does anyone have any experience with it ? 
  do games run well on it ? 
  my friends and i recently moved north in order to find new stone and explore new mines . 
  however , i am generally our farmer and my crops are suffering from the cold . 
  some will even despawn into seeds being too cold to be planted . 
  is there a way to keep my farm warm ? 
  maybe create a building around them ? 
  i 'd love to have one of those screens with very deep blacks , then i could use my phone as clock beside my bed . 
  anyways , would this be possible ? 
  doable without having to rebuild the whole phone ? 
  heehallo, 
  i 'm from anna paulowna ( near den helder ) and next year i 'm going to start studying at the hva . 
  for that i want to go on chambers ... ( / r/dunglish ), 
  anyways , i was wondering if i respond to a room now through duwo does that mean i would have to rent the room all through the summer ? 
  i want to be ahead of the september mass of people looking for rooms , but i do n't want to pay for those months that i 'm not moving there yet . 
  how does this stuff generally go ? 
  how much karma does a turtle cost ? 
  can you imagine just going around town when you suddenly stop and get faceplanted only to see someone on the other side of the street looking at you with an evil smile ... 
  i just heard a mosquito making a lot of noise , it sounded like it came from inside my macbook . 
  i did n't see him get in , nor do i know how he entered . 
  then after some humming he went silent . 
  should i be worried ? 
  yesterday i finally unlocked and rooted my phone , and now it 's my goal to make it last as long as possible . 
  what would be the best rom and kernel for this ? 
  i 'm currently running ak kernel and stock cos, 
  hello there !, 
  i have been trying to get swgemu to work on a macbook , and that has been quite a ride . 
  but i 've gotten pretty far already . 
  i have the original game installed and even the launchpad is running . 
  there is one last problem though , whenever i do a full scan and he starts downloading files i always get a ` connection closed ' error whenever swgemu.exe gets over 90 % . 
  it 's only swgemu.exe , all other files download just fine . 
  after doing some googling all i could find was another mac user who ran into the same problem and gave up .
