  did they fuck after that ? 
  how would i go about making a sub that 's present yet deep like in this track ? 
  `` the guys that mess around in salesforce '', 
  they both have a lookup to each other . 
  edit : actually , they do n't ... only contact has the standard account lookup field . 
  thank you so much !, 
  that fixed it for me . 
  i did n't get from the docs that __ r refers to a lookup . 
  they 're cheap scammers and you 're gullible if you actually give them any money . 
  furthermore begging is actually illegal . 
  at some point a no is better than being in limbo . 
  that said , you go and get her !, 
  update us when she said yes , 
  do n't you ever see your dentist ? 
  it 's normal here to go to the dentist twice a year ... 
  a lot of the lower end jobs are being swallowed up by these alternatives . 
  in the lower end jobs will switch more towards making layouts/plugins/etc for those platforms instead of making separate websites . 
  that said , the more complex websites will still require dedicated developers . 
  i personally like impresspages for something simple like that . 
  i feel like other suggestions here like laravel or codeigniter are more aimed at creating your own cms from scratch , which does n't seem to be what you want . 
  this is possible . 
  in fact this is how most mixers are hooked up to laptops . 
  what kind of controller to complement it really depends on how and what music you want to play . 
  if you want jogwheels etc. 
  why did you source it from dumpert though ? 
  there are better versions of this gif floating around . 
  how 's learning python going ? 
  started yet ? 
  are you seperating your templating from your business logic ? 
  if not , you should . 
  if you are , have a look at [ twig ] ( http://twig.sensiolabs.org ) . 
  it 's a much more elegant way to handle rendering templates . 
  what twig does is you pass a few variables to a predefined template in which you can then use concise tags like { { product.name } } to render variables . 
  ( among other things ), 
  but what goes up must come down ... 
  rameses b likes to drop a few bass house or grime tunes in his sets usually . 
  how do you order it all ? 
  what exactly do you want to transfer . 
  after all the whole point of steam and steam cloud is that you do n't have to do such things ... 
  yes , but why not just reinstall it on mac ? 
  what would you lose ? 
  what did you use to make the 808 ? 
  you can use the row of keys above it to play black keys , and thus any scale you 'd want, 
  it 's better to instead use the ` utility ' audio effect to simply add 6db . 
  that way if you 're being way too loud you 'll actually see your meters going red too . 
  i 'm actually well on my way to getting broker !, 
  it sounds like that grocery chain should review some of their processes . 
  have you worked on symfony or laravel projects ? 
  among the php community wordpress is generally considered to be a steaming pile of horseshit in terms of code quality . 
  that said there are frameworks like symfony that make much nicer code . 
  horizontal scrolling is actually much better supported on mobile . 
  okay so every red circle is a `` dot '' in english . 
  on a more serious note , this is a map of places where people can vote for the elections . 
  discord is very much aimed at gaming , and i feel it is n't as nice of a fit for more professional topics . 
  i think a slack channel would work better for this . 
  it actually goes 97km/h, 
  why ? 
  but then what 's the point of the sidechain ? 
  the whole idea of it is to help you mixing elements ... 
  laravel is not a fork of code igniter . 
  d66 and groenlinks did n't ` hold strong ' as you put it , they made major gains tonight !, 
  tonight a strong message has been sent by voters for a more serious change in environmental issues . 
  heroku does this, 
  it has been fun while it lasted . 
  what are some of the things you achieved that you never could 've done before ? 
  a new ctf for 4chan ? 
  blue is the color of evil !, 
  top right is clearly red . 
  you 're better off attacking blue in the bottom right !, 
  are you a student ? 
  this enables using shared hosting instead of a vps . 
  i have no experience with hubspot . 
  but as a general best practice it 's better to get data right at the source than to try and fix it later . 
  this avoids the problem of having two sources of truth . 
  start ? 
  that is not a call to the server . 
  that is something that myscript.js does locally . 
  learn back-end . 
  when clients ask for a log-in system or something like that how will you provide it ? 
  ofcourse there are some things that wordpress can do , but trying to use wordpress for things other than simple content management usually means a whole lot of security performance and maintainability issues . 
  first create a list of required info you need to run your tests on . 
  if you have that then look into dom crawling ( interpreting html basically ), 
  most popular languages have libraries/modules available to help you with that . 
  using those you can for example retrieve the ` < title  ` , ` < meta  ` and ` < h1  ` tags and their content . 
  please note that the additional requests this causes could lead to longer loading times . 
  the way the original lego racers did it would seem to me as fairly easy to implement . 
  the base can be the actual vehicle and blocks would only stick to it without gameplay implications . 
  was the sex good ? 
  do you howl at the moon ? 
  what did you snort ? 
  the way you say it makes it sound like it was just an unfortunate coincidence . 
  you studied really hard and killed all the mock exams !, 
  you just did n't have your day . 
  now you 've done yet another mock exam , so the next one can only go better . 
  when is the retake ? 
  is it soon ? 
  looking fresh !, 
  yeah , while css is nice it 's really not sustainable from a development point of view . 
  the real worrysome bit is not the removal of css but whether the reddit team will actually deliver their promises of the widget system . 
  look up static site builders .
