this plugin is really nice !, 
  well done !, 
  awesome , thanks for this !, 
  awesome set !, 
  these are not stored in traktor , all just in the decks . 
  and the loop wo n't show up in traktor as a green tint , you would just see the waveform jumping back . 
  i did some experimenting with adding percussion samples , i think it turned out pretty good !, 
  enjoy !, 
  tattoo girl ( original mix ) - ferreck dawn , redondo, 
  this is true house ( original mix ) - david amo , julio navas , rober gaez, 
  warehouse ( original mix ) - jay lumen, 
  royal oak ( original mix ) - sian , luigi madonna, 
  hoes ( original mix ) - oliver $ , sqim, 
  no equal sides ( original mix ), 
  skeleton key feat . 
  green velvet green velvet/pleasurekraft, 
  fatman ( original ) jesse rose, 
  freedom ramon tapia/riva starr, 
  back on track sebastien leger, 
  bitch please ( original mix ) veerus , maxie devine, 
  meet her in miami ( original mix ) gareth emery, 
  you 're not alone ( original mix ) daniel portman, 
  i like it , espescially the more techy songs . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  yeah it really is an awesome device , i have mine functioning as a remix deck now , 
  i asked a promotion company through twitter :p, 
  get creative ( but not excessive ! ), 
  with effects , try adding a sequencer , loops , or samples to your sets ... be creative !, 
  look at guys like richie hawtin or dubfire for some great examples , 
  unfortunately , they 're not ... 
  [ tech house ] industrial decay tech mix, 
  now to be honest i am more of a established dj , however with this mix i 've tried some new things . 
  i made my own remix-set for traktor full of percussion loops and i have been mixing that with tech-house . 
  i 'd like to hear what you guys think about this !, 
  i left you some comments on soundcloud , very nice mix man !, 
  awesome !, 
  i like your sound too , 
  wait , is this really guetta ?!, 
  this sounds like something dj @@ would make ... 
  no scrap that , that 's an insult to @@, 
  sounds like a great oppertunity , i sent you an e-mail , 
  try the [ vjing !, 
  you 'd might aswell tell right away that you charge people to play on your station , 
  there 's no problem here at all , if anything you 'd be showing that you 're putting effort into it !, 
  got it !, 
  ca n't wait to start playing, 
  fancy stuff !, 
  electro house with a lot of shuffle , a offbeat-bass and funky melodies, 
  ignore all other comments , go for the xone :42, 
  many bigroom tracks , each of wich you can listen and hand-pick yourself , 
  oh , and most of them are free too . 
  this is from a local dj who makes some awesome tracks , check his soundcloud for more cool stuff !, 
  here 's an awesome remix , 
  that 's something i 'd like to know too !, 
  mozilla is not as well staffed and funded as the gigantic internet powerhouse called google . 
  you mean you were still trying to recover from the financial crisis of the 30 's . 
  actually the feminists of tumblr started with a raid on 4chan wich failed miserably , wich led to 4chan retaliating . 
  although rumors say that / pol / organised tumblrs raid to provoke / b /, 
  nope , not in holland . 
  idiot . 
  that 's what he said . 
  no not at all actually , ww i is barely talked about in the netherlands anyways ... 
  just wanted to say thank you , since this community is what shaped me from a beginning dj to a ` prof ' who rocks a festival !, 
  i do n't produce , not anything worth releasing or spinning atleast ... 
  also no video 's , this was just my mom with her camera !, 
  good thing she 's a photographer though !, 
  haha , fitting username !, 
  i have no idea who the lighting guy was though ... 
  it was a fairly big local festival . 
  i had the opening slot , so the room was n't exactly packed but it was still very cool !, 
  it was in a large tent , since it was at a festival . 
  i spun mostly deep house , two or three songs future house but other than that just deep  ( wich just so happened to be my favourite kind of house :p ), 
  i was asked to come spin by the promoter , he and his crew do most ( if not all ) of the local dance parties . 
  i have done gigs with them before , so that 's how they know me , 
  in the netherlands , in north-holland ^ ^, 
  for about two years now , this has been my biggest gig as of yet , 
  me too d :, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  i read thongs ... 
  british , and then just massing longbows . 
  judging by your songs i 'd say you might wan na check out what they call `` future house '' these days, 
  some companies actually have marketing geniuses that manage to use reddit ( / other social media ) in a way that they add ( reasonably ) good content while plugging their products !, 
  tbh , i think that 's the future of what marketeers will do rather than making tv ads etc. 
  ukfgarage please !, 
  hi , what 's your name ? 
  mine ( wich i only have a few days now ) is very bright actually . 
  brighter than my previous phone ( jiayu g3s ), 
  feature requests / ideas , bug reports , cool customization ideas , things like the 3d printed dock . 
  that 's the kind of stuff i 'm here for atleast . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't care in the sense that it really bothers me , it 'd just be nice if i could change it . 
  what other phones did he mean when he was talking about the camera ? 
  that sounds fishy ... 
  chris lorenzo , i 'd love to see him make his basslines, 
  how are you doing ? 
  for me it really depends on the game . 
  i remember my first playthrough of oblivion where i just wandered off as soon as i came out of that sewer , even finishing the shivering isles completely before i even started the main story . 
  thanks for the tip , i 'm gon na try that right away , 
  i 'm trying to make uk jackin-like tracks , yet my track sounds very `` dry '' any tips on how to fix that ? 
  420 awesome that your 're doing this !,
