  they do exist . 
  why mid ? 
  is n't med a more logical abbreviation for medium ? 
  i thought this would be something to do with midi . 
  where are you based ? 
  why do people quote at all ? 
  modern emailing programs can just show the related conversation anyways . 
  i heard his apprentice was a lil bitch . 
  newton 's law, 
  hey mike !, 
  this looks very interesting , i have a question though . 
  if i want to become a salesforce architect / developer is it useful to do the admin cert before doing the app-builder and developer certs ? 
  then why are n't you ? 
  a category page is whatever you make it to be . 
  although the name implies it will have something to do with a category . 
  could be listing all items in a category , or just an explanation of what the category is . 
  you 're the designer !, 
  how did all of china fit on a single beach ? 
  why would you try another attack right after a first one ? 
  that 's usually the time when everyone is on high-alert ... 
  knowledge of social media, 
  get salesforce certified . 
  these are some of the few certifications that actually do more than just look nice . 
  wtf is this shit, 
  the festival is n't near amsterdam !, 
  look around alkmaar instead , 
  check out the liquicity events youtube !, 
  it has sets from last year 's festival . 
  including some heavier sets, 
  woosh, 
  you 're right . 
  trying to numb the feeling with drugs is a bad idea . 
  does n't matter whatever feeling it is . 
  have you tried to discover for yourself what is giving you this feeling ? 
  are there certain things you 're thinking about when you get these feelings ? 
  i like to do these kinds of thought excersises sometimes . 
  whenever i 'm feeling in a certain way trying to think of why i 'm feeling like that . 
  i do n't know much about your life , wether or not you have inner demons or are facing any struggles . 
  but for me it helps to understand why i 'm feeling something . 
  is there anything that keeps you from getting a dog right now ? 
  dogs can be great friends and companions to anyone !, 
  i know the feeling . 
  my parents do n't want any dogs right now as they are n't home most of the time so no-one could care for it ... 
  i 've set the goal for myself that as soon as i have my own house ( that 's bigger than this student dorm ) that i will get a dog !, 
  for me it helps to have a goal like that to work towards . 
  you 're right in saying that life is a whole bunch of uncertainties . 
  but i believe that i will , at some point , have a dog . 
  and you could too . 
  the dog was lucky that he was wearing a harness and not just a collar . 
  fox news is on the tv too, 
  nice . 
  jquery is not the js standard library . 
  also have a look at http://youmightnotneedjquery.com, 
  and then i change the id that 's stored in my cookie and now i 've breached another users profile . 
  have a look at oauth and how it handles logging in with tokens etc, 
  i think docker-compose does what you 're looking for !, 
  you 'll still need to write the docker-compose . yml file yourself though . 
  so your best bet is to build a network rather than a following . 
  if you are friends with promoters and have ins at big youtube channels for your genre the following will build itself . 
  ( given your music is any good ), 
  use arp  scale  chord  ( same ) scale  arp . 
  i 'm hyped . 
  why is that a hetero perspective ? 
  seems more like just a different perspective to me . 
  oh the us most definitely does n't have its shit together as well was germany . 
  donald trump is your president . 
  sounds to me like you are more of a tech support and not so much a developer right now . 
  yes he would . 
  upvoted . 
  but this is a lawsuit against a hobby website . 
  wordpress would be the better option in this scenario . 
  my current project is aimed at developing countries , so it needs to be usable on opera mini ... 
  probably tourists that do n't understand boats, 
  there is only one day of celebration . 
  if it floats it boats, 
  how did you like high tea ? 
  there 's a lot of underground parties too !, 
  i guess they 're just , you know , underground ... 
  i 'm not sure how underground you 're talking , but check out cheeky mondays for example . 
  or if you mean illigal-rave-check-your-network kinda stuff look up basspark . 
  glad to hear that you liked it !, 
  i 'm one of the organizers haha, 
  php developers do n't write queries . 
  dbal 's write queries . 
  i was talking about a database abstraction layer . 
  probably is, 
  confidence is fucking hot yo, 
  what is your budget for consultancy ? 
  rome is totally still a thing, 
  you are right . 
  say hi to your dog from us !, 
  do you pour milk in your tea ? 
  is the pork alive ? 
  yes . 
  tumblr and pinterest seem to me like audiences that are open to poetry, 
  say something like ` you seem to know a lot about this , could i ask you some questions ? ', 
  people love to feel like they 're the expert . 
  `` hello corporate ? 
  your employee followed protocol and federal law even though i totally knew her personally ! '', 
  that seems about right yeah .
