  it can never hurt to ask, 
  how does the workshop make things hard to handle ? 
  definitely not the playstyle for him . 
  so can i. 
  come to the netherlands so we can hang out !, 
  try setting it back to 0, 
  there are a lot of artists who can fit this profile . 
  martin garrix would for example ... 
  we have awesome jobs . 
  why the djm when you already have a xone ? 
  in avignon you have that weird supermarket kind if bulding with all the plants on the outside right ? 
  on the square across from there is a great kebab shop on the corner . 
  maybe you should include the image in your request then . 
  try gofundme maybe, 
  just go to sleep really late . 
  actuslly , no do n't it 's horrible . 
  but what about all the interesting and worth-your-time buzzfeed links you are gon na miss ? 
  actually things go very smooth here in the netherlands as well . 
  while cyclists can be a bit ruthless people are used to that , so things still rarely go wrong . 
  i went on vacation to the cote d'azure in france once , drivers there are as ruthless as our cyclists . 
  while it does need an upgrade it is n't economically feasable for blizzard to do it . 
  that 's great , gatsby !, 
  toilet tasting would make for a great first date actually !, 
  very romantic and intimate . 
  i am that friend , he actually just did that himself because it would look cool on reddit ... 
  tbh i do n't think future house comes from the-gebre-with-a-thousand-names ... 
  ( bass house , garage , jacking , house & bass , etc ), 
  you shod make an algorithm that scrapes sites to learn the sentiment about this idea . 
  seriously though , it does seem like a cool idea but i do n't think i 'd actually be using it ... 
  apology accepted . 
  most bodies are still plastic where apple uses metal . 
  i want one so bad !, 
  i 'd like to know this too, 
  not at all . 
  or do you expect some anti-piracy guy to be in every small bar in every town ? 
  not at all , when i got started i downloaded the beatport top 100 for a few months . 
  gave me a good base to start with , expanding it with my own finds until those beatport top 100 songs where nothing but a few tracks i never play anymore ... 
  check out https://www.youtube.com/user/nobbel87 , he explains the lore very well and in a interesting way , 
  my personal strategy is to just stay far away from greece and not lose any money to it ... 
  pretty solid if you 'd ask me . 
  try adobe after effects, 
  well your post is removed . 
  but anyways , why is that ? 
  what 's wrong with after effects ? 
  cut back a little on the sidechaining, 
  really nice track man !, 
  i like the groove . 
  but everything just sounds so wide !, 
  keep atleast something in the middle , for me it sounds like everything is happening to my sides/behind me with nothing coming from right in front of me ... 
  it looks like you might wan na update your flair then, 
  some people use it as an alternative , but i do n't think that 's a good thing to do to be honest ... 
  an hour ago, 
  i had this working as a restocker in a grocery store ... 
  i 'd work on wednesday and friday , but then on saturday the schedule changed to me working on monday ... 
  then on monday i 'd get called that i 'm supposed to work , i never knew ofcourse since the schedule was only on paper in the store ... am i supposed to drop by on every day off to see if i maybe need to work ? 
  also the experience and the knowledge . 
  i 'm only 18 and only started a short while ago , the few hunderds i have invested might seem small but i 've learned very much from them already . 
  so when i 'm done with school and i 'm getting a good salary i will be able to invest that in a much better way than someone who just starts investing ( i hope ), 
  yes please, 
  you might wan na add some more info , like what genres you make . 
  thanks , i missed that memo i guess . 
  everything is clear now !, 
  thanks !, 
  i figured something like that would be up , but i was n't sure . 
  kinda odd how my broker never mentioned this in any of their documentation ... 
  oh i see that the word call got lost in the copypasting ... 
  i wo n't pretend to be an expert , but i know what the risks are for what i 'm doing . 
  i do know what i 'm doing and what options are , i just missed a little bit here . 
  that 's not how education works . 
  so are you . 
  maybe she ended up on the floor because she had pizza everyday ? 
  your pebble is connected . 
  actually no , just put a pitch shift on you master, 
  oh right , i meant the frequency shifter ... 
  that sounds american ... 
  horrible ? 
  tell that to the allies in wwii ... 
  i play mostly support on security side ( coop ) with the lmg , so no i do n't count ... 
  a lot of nazi weapons actually did get redistributed to other conflicts all around the world , including ( i believe ) afghanistan . 
  so i think you could find quite a few in the middle east . 
  son i am dissapoint, 
  i play around with resolume from time to time , but that 's more aimed at serious vjing . 
  oh also the server can be reached here :, 
  and it 's open for public, 
  thanks !, 
  restarting did it for me, 
  dada life did this themselves quite a few times if i recall correctly, 
  actually rooting takes more effort than installing an app . 
  in some genres ( assuming there is a good mc ) it can actually add something . 
  in my experience that 's more uk bass genres like drum and bass or garage . 
  edm not so much ... 
  and installing an app is just opening the play store and pressing install . 
  also a rom is gon na need some configuration too to get to the same desired result . 
  after finding that one rom in the masses that are available ... 
  just curious , what does the mod have over the stand alone game ? 
  aside from being free ... 
  the lack of cod kiddo 's . 
  also i do n't think the aim here is to compete with polished zombie shooters like that . 
  but rather to provide a zombie mod like there also is for counterstrike and gmod . 
  great explanation,
