  agree ( and not just because i 'm bulgarian ) . 
  we 've all seen the massive progress that countries like spain and portugal have achieved since joining , a lot due to eu funds and help . 
  once ee is more stable and prosperous we can think of future expansion . 
  otherwise the we will not be able to support even more underdeveloped countries and the whole structure will become unsustainable . 
  really interesting , is this a bulgarian school in warsaw , or is it just like any other school in the city ? 
  i wonder what the story is behind the name ... 
   or it is because these country was recently rebuild with the diff\u00e9rents treaty in the 20th century . 
  if that is the case , then we should include germany , austria , and ireland in the new europe group , too ...  or it is because they just enter in the globalization and there is everything to develop . 
  so basically we come back to the old post-commie europe and rest of europe divide ? 
  never really understood the division old europe / new europe . 
  if you look at a map of europe at 1000ad you already have poland , hungary , bulgaria as established states , whereas belgium , spain , or netherlands are nowhere to be found yet ... oh yeah , and greece in new europe , like wtf ... oo, 
  serbia and montenegro - definitely yes . 
  bosnia , kosovo , moldova - these are essentially failed states , will take a veeery long time until they are even remotely eu-ready . 
  ukraine - probably not , unless they magically solve their issues with russia . 
  albania , macedonia - maybe , but will take a lot of time and work . 
  also macedonia has some problems with greece and bulgaria that will take some solving , too . 
  georgia - no idea honestly , but would definitely piss off the russians even more . 
  also what about their separatist regions ? 
  turkey - no way in hell . 
  the stealing bit - of course not . 
  corrupt border officers must be prosecuted . 
  the unnecessary violence - whatever means necessary to keep order . 
  if a criminal enters your home , illegally , and you defend yourself , would that be considered unnecessary force from you ? 
  you try to enter the country illegally , you should expect to be treated like a criminal . 
  no one is stopping asylum seekers/migrants from coming as long as they come to the official border crossings and register there . 
  oh wait , if they do , they 'll have to stay here and wo n't be able to go to germany and sweden and sponge off of benefits . 
  tough luck . 
  i agree with that , i was just questioning your poor choice of words , since the russians and balkan people ( majority of them ) look just as white and european as the supreme west eu countries . 
  especially considering the enormous amount of non-eu non-white immigrants they have . 
  implying bulgaria , romania , slovenia , croatia are not eu `` white '' europeans ; that 's only for the mighty western europeans . 
  that 's some serious superiority complex you 've got going on there . 
   there was a distinctly ` american ' flavor of the anglo-saxon identity that 's true , however one could argue that it 's somewhat valid for europe as well . 
  despite all our cultural differences , there is common ground between the european nations , something that could be used as a basis for future eu identity to develop . 
  take a look at countries like belgium or switzerland - multiple languages spoken in each country , each group is somewhat ethnically different than the other , but that does n't prevent them from being part of the same country and having common identity . 
  something like this on a large scale for the eu might just work ( provided enough time and enough focus on the issue ) . 
   it 's a very different situation from the centuries and centuries of single culture , ethnicity , and language groupings that have existed in small spaces in europe , carved out through bloody warfare . 
  it has always been the us vs them divide . 
  in the past it was among the countries within europe themselves , however as the countries power declines , we need a different divide . 
  no country in europe is big and influential enough to stand against superpowers like russia , china , or the us . 
  the eu however , in a fully-federalized form , might be . 
  again we have the us vs them divide , except ` us ' is not just britain , or france , or greece , but the eu . 
   how valid do you think a `` macedonian '' identity is ? 
  one probably existed before the nation-state was made as we know it today ( fyrom is n't even used by our own state department now ) , but i 'd bet good money there are still people who think of it as `` other bulgaria '' or `` buncha slavs appropriate greek iconography '' . 
  depends how you define ` macedonian ' . 
  the ancient macedonian culture was part of ancient greece and its many smaller states . 
  the modern day macedonian people are slavic , mixture between serb and bulgarian ( closer related to bulgarian however ) . 
  the common element is the piece of land they occupy , which is part of the geographic region of macedonia . 
  no-one wants to deprive them from feeling macedonian , whatever connotation that might have , as long as they acknowledge that they are not related to the ancient greek macedonians , and that they have originated from the other slavic nations in the region . 
  most people who arrived in what is now usa were n't american either . 
  however that has n't prevented an american identity to develop . 
  i think it just needs time , a lot more time . 
  these kind of articles have been appearing on the daily telegraph/mail/fail / ... constantly for the past years now , none of apocalypses they 've predicted have happened . 
  whether or not the eurosceptics like it or not , the eu is n't going anywhere . 
  and most probably neither is the uk . 
  eu funding and taking in migrants are two completely separate things and trying to make a connection between them is simply blackmail . 
  the treaties signed upon joining do n't mention anything about cutting funding if we refuse taking in non-eu economic migrants ( since almost none of the people coming in are genuine `` refugees '' ) . 
  binding funding to taking in people will result in huge row in ee , and will undermine eu 's position even more . 
  that , together with uk 's referendum , will create the perfect platform for far-right nationalists . 
  it 's ridiculous that germany ** single-handedly ** invited millions of people to the continent , and when millions did arrive , they now try to force the rest of the union to do the same . 
  no-one asked ee when merkel invited those people , and we want nothing to do with it . 
  enjoy your 1 million + doctors , engineers , and scientists who may or may not be even literate . 
  lem me guess , just like the referendum in crimea ;d ? 
  eu stops south stream pipeline because reasons . 
  meanwhile germany tries to build north stream 2 , no problems there . 
  eu solidarity my ass . 
  good for italy for seeing through the germany bullshite . 
  this post was some serious bullshite . 
  let 's take a look at the numbers first : bulgaria spends on average around 500 euros per month per refugee . 
  while the average monthly wage is 400 euros and the average pension around 150 . 
  how do you expect the government to justify spending so much money on foreign people while the local population itself is living in poverty ? 
  how should the the people accept this ? 
  a government 's first job is to take care of the people who elected it , not the foreigners . 
  secondly , there 's the culture gap . 
  the balkans in particular have some experience with being invaded/conquered by muslim empire , something which has deeply affected our cultures . 
  we 'd all be extremely careful before letting something like this happen to us again , and this time - voluntarily !, 
  additionally , you just need to take a look at how well muslims are integrated in western europe to make us even more suspicious . 
  also please spare us the whole `` ee gets money from eu so they should n't have an opinion '' speech . 
  the money we get back is breadcrumbs compared to the money the west got from us after the collapse of communism by privitazing everything with juicy contracts for western corporations . 
  we do not owe you anything , and especially not in exchange for not protecting our countries . 
   i ca n't really speak for other romanians but my opinion is that we 've been held back by communism , a lot . 
  that 's valid for every single ee country , 
   the level of undecided voters in the uk is currently around 18 per cent undecided usually vote for the status quo , however . 
  if those are the only two options , i guess i 'd go for lots of permanent residents from russia . 
  similar culture , religion , language , it will be much easier to integrate them ( or to at least ` tolerate ' them if they do n't wish to be integrated ) . 
  that however does not mean that we want to be politically close to russia . 
  on the contrary , the further away the better . 
  but when it comes to average russian people , i do n't mind if they come . 
  many already have , in fact , lots of property bought by russians on the bulgarian coast . 
  economically yes . 
  demographically , however , no . 
  we have no problem if the entire eu population wants to move to bulgaria - you 're all welcome . 
  we however did not agree to mass immigration from the middle east , and we wo n't be bullied into accepting huge numbers of them . 
  funny enough , those immigrants themselves do n't really want to stay here , since the countries are poor and we have virtually no social welfare system . 
  they all want germany and sweden , where they can sponge off more from benefits than the average wage in bulgaria . 
  and even if you dump 1 million of them in bulgaria , they will find a way to move to germany , we ca n't put them in prison to force them to stay here . 
  integration is the other issue . 
  it 's much easier for a pole to integrate into british society ( and vice-versa ) than for a syrian . 
  these huge cultural difference will inevitably lead to serious tensions in the society in the not-too-distant future . 
  just look how wonderfully asians have been integrated in the uk ... obviously that does n't mean ignoring what 's going on in the middle east , genuine refugees should be helped , but everything needs to be carefully thought out , eu ca n't just dump millions of people and tell the member countries to `` deal with it '' . 
  bulgaria , 1989 - almost 9 million .
