  i was talking more about the bulgarian - macedonian language division . 
  think of bulgarian as german spoken in germany , and of macedonian - as german spoken in austria/switzerland , 
  think german spoken in austria or switzerland vs german spoken in germany . 
  this . 
  i have no problem accepting macedonians as a separate nation , that throughout the years since it was separated from bulgaria has developed its own identity , cultural variations , and perhaps even language ( many people will disagree , but i personally have no problem accepting macedonian as a separate language , despite how similar it is to bulgarian ) . 
  as long as macedonians are happy to recognize that we were indeed the same one bulgarian nation in the past , simply to have diverged since , 
  historical topics mostly . 
  you know how greeks complain that macedonians steal they 're history , e.g. 
  claiming alexander the great for themselves and so on ? 
  same with us really , e.g. 
  [ tsar samuil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samuel_of_bulgaria ) . 
  also we tend to not recognize their language ( we claim it 's just a bulgarian dialect ) , in fact we believe we were virtually ethnically the same nation up until the point macedonia joined yugoslavia and shit hit the fan . 
  all that 's ancient history for most people , there are tons of macedonians studying in bulgaria , and we have no problems with them , but once the online keyboard warriors start the flamewar , shit gets real serious , balkan style . 
  well , to be fair , they are part of the commonwealth ... and the uk is in the eu ... so yeah ... totally makes sense, 
  that 's very interesting and quite a bit disturbing . 
  never really fully understood the point of having such generous benefits in countries like germany or the uk - how do you then stimulate people to actually work and contribute if they can leech off for life off the system and still maintain a relatively decent standard of life ? 
  the whole thing seems weirdly pseudo-communistical , the old mantra of `` everyone 's capabilities and for everyone 's needs '' . 
  this type of system would eventually fail as the benefits get higher and higher , and people 's taxes to pay for them also get higher . 
  so in the end a single mother with 5 children , not a single day of work experience can earn more money than a working family . 
  my eastern european mind ca n't comprehend how you ( we as well , as we have similar issues with the roma ) let that happen ... benefits should provide the bare minimum for survival ( if anything ) , for a limited period of time , not some sort of daddy-support system . 
  so does that mean that if i move to germany , i can start claiming benefits immediately , regardless that fact that have n't worked a single day and have n't paid anything into the system ? 
  or perhaps a local german person straight out of school can live off benefits all life without working ? 
  bulgaria can into aegean coast !!, 
  always wondered why the system ca n't be made to be contribution-based . 
  e.g. , you have to have paid into the system a certain minimum amount and for a certain minimum period ( e.g. 
  1 year ) , to be able to qualify for benefits . 
  obviously , once those requirements are met there should n't be any discrimination between locals , and eu citizens , but it should n't be a problem if everyone contributes first . 
  south stream - illegal , dangerous , launch procedures against bulgaria , must be stopped nao !!, 
  nord stream 2 - lol no probs , we 'll get our gas , who cares about the rest of the eu . 
  that 's eu solidarity for you folks . 
  should voting be a right or obligation ? 
  welcome to politics in general . 
  remember when the netherlands was blocking the accession of bg and ro in schengen , even though both countries fulfilled all requirements ? 
  same shit here . 
  i just wish our politicians had as much backbone . 
  arguably what the uk is for the usa , 
  that 's interesting , i had no idea there were commieblocks in greece ( i 've been to quite a few places in the north - around alexandroupoli , kavala ) . 
  why 's that ? 
  greece has never been a communist country afaik ? 
  it 's not like we do n't have a history of being in the same country ;d, 
  can we into anschluss ? 
  biggest shock i had when i went to the us was the cars people drive . 
  like , yeah i totally need an 8-liter v8 pickup truck to drive the kids to school and do the grocery shopping . 
  all that cheap gas is skewing the way a lot of people there see the problem - who cares if my car is a total gas-guzzler , i still only pay 55 cents to fill it up . 
  noone even considers that it 's not all about the money you 'll pay at the pumps ... 
  u w0t m8, 
  in that case , any trade agreement between the uk and eu will be very restrictive , compared to the free trade the uk has access to as a member . 
  this may have much more severe consequences for the country , than a few thousand migrants . 
  but to what extend would that be `` free '' ? 
  look at norway , iceland , liechtenstein - not members of the eu , members of the eea instead , follow all the rules , have free movement of people in exchange for the free trade . 
  look at switzerland - not a member of eu or eea , instead has hundreds of unique free trade agreements with the eu - again has free movement of people and follows eu 's laws . 
  unless the uk is some sort of a special snowflake , the eu will not be happy to let it trade completely free without adhering to the rules . 
  if the uk wants to keep trading freely with the eu , it will still have free movement of people and will still have to follow all those laws anyway . 
  leaving the eu will cause more problems , but wo n't solve those two . 
  so what 's in it for france ? 
  seems like you guys a spending a ton of money supporting a few ex-colonies , and even going to the trouble to incorporate them as de facto part of the mainland ? 
  i see how this investment might be welcomed by the locals , but what 's in it for the average french person in europe ? 
  hola better internet extension ( works better on chrome than ff ) . 
  unlocks cc.com like a charm , 
   nope . 
  not been official since 1972 ; by that logic ukraine 's flag could be this . 
  there has simply been no replacement for it since 1972 and so the union jack is the only flag we officially have . 
  wait what ? 
  why does n't northern ireland have its own flag ? 
  england , scotland and wales all have their own ones , in addition to the union jack . 
  when the northern irish team plays , what flag is used ? 
  i always though it 's either [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f6/flag_of_northern_ireland.svg/800px-flag_of_northern_ireland.svg.png ) or [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/20/st_patrick's_saltire.svg/1280px-st_patrick's_saltire.svg.png ) . 
  never really understood the difference between the two . 
  but you 're saying neither is the actual flag ? 
  / r/jokes this guy has completely lost it . 
  it should also be noted that food in england/uk is generally quite bad by european standards . 
  france , spain , italy , greece , and turkey 's produce is far better . 
  food in eastern europe is also quite a bit better than that of uk , mostly because there 's a very strong sentiment against gmo 's and gigantic farms like in the us , especially the vegetables and fruit . 
  so nothing has changed really ? 
  because at the moment the uk is still the biggest proponent for turkey in the eu . 
  you kind of had that until 2004 . 
  but then you decided you wanted to absorb more markets , and bully russia . 
  in 2007 you decided you wanted even more markets and bg and ro were allowed to join . 
  remember - all current eu nations had to agree to allow us in , but once we 're in you do n't get to decide whether we stay or leave . 
  surprisingly , the uk has always been the biggest proponent of further expansion eastwards . 
  and now they 're the ones most complaining about immigrants . 
  what 's sadder is because these are the majority we get here , meaning it 's what people generally think of british people in general . 
  in the summer , the seaside is basically full of british . 
  also russian and german . 
  generally those who ca n't afford going to spain/italy end up here , and take full advantage of the cheap alcohol . 
  british . 
  loud , obnoxious , usually passed-out drunk from too much cheap alcohol . 
  attacks and property damage are also common problems with them , but people tend to ignore all that , 'cause , you know , at least they bring in some money . 
  i would rather have my country lose a few million euros , than close its eyes by denying/not recognizing one of the worst atrocities in the 20th century . 
  there are some things more important than money . 
  no argument there , however history will also disagree with them :d, 
  * west bulgaria ? 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't think it 's closed , but we did have a joint police - military exercise on how to react if migrants flow comes to our borders , just a few days ago . 
   this would mean we could still benefit from the talent pool of northern and western europe without having wages driven down by eastern europeans and without having roma beggars everywhere , which are the two main criticisms of our current arrangement . 
  you could , but it will also hurt your trade with ee , which is a market of 100 million people . 
  basically , if you want free trade you will also need to have free movement of people . 
  also it will be extremely difficult to do bi-lateral agreements with every eu country separately , and the eu will probably not agree to it anyway . 
  any post-brexit agreement will be between uk and eu as a whole , implying equal rights for both germans and romanians who want to come to the uk . 
  tl ; dr - in theory yes , in practice no .
