  bulgaria , 2015 - 7 million and counting down . 
  that 's ~ 22 % depopulation in a single generation . 
  it 's funny when western europe complains about the mass immigration of easterners , but fail to see the devastating effect it 's having in ee . 
  can confirm . 
  source : eastern european living in the uk, 
  seems to be working fine for estonia ... 
  eu stops south stream project in bulgaria because reasons . 
  meanwhile germany signs a deal with russia to expand north stream . 
  eu ( most notably germany , france , netherlands ) denies access to schengen for bulgaria and romania because reasons . 
  meanwhile eu ( read : germany ) imposes migrant quotas on all eu members ( except uk , denmark ) . 
  that 's `` european solidarity '' for you . 
  that semifinal against bulgaria :(, 
  and despite that the eu was super keen on accepting bg and ro in , even though they all knew we were not ready . 
  seems like you do need us , albeit for very different reasons . 
   then i have to say , this is not negotiable . 
  since when does the leader of one european country has the right to tell 27 other countries what they must and must n't do ? 
  after being ussr 's puppets for 45 years , the last thing ee countries want is to be dictated by mutti 's caliphate . 
  so much for the european `` solidarity '' . 
  i guess we in the east need to start wearing head scarves in order to be treated equally . 
  not if those ee countries are in the single market , 
  people seem to forget that money invested in ee is not some sort of a free gift for those countries - it is an investment we is making so that ee can become bigger customers of we 's products . 
  if you sell stuff to your neighbours , you want them to be rich so that they can buy more from you . 
  money invested in ee will be returned back to we with time . 
  also the whole point of accepting the underdeveloped ee into eu was to limit russia 's influence in that region , post-ussr . 
  making the eu as a whole more dependent on russian gas does not help . 
  internal eu migration , fiscal contributions are all set in eu 's treaties . 
  all countries have signed up to those and have agreed with them . 
  find me the treaty that says that when germany invites a few million people from the middle east , the rest of the eu is forced to share the responsibility . 
  also , people are against the relocation plan , not because they do n't want to help people , or because we hate brown people in general - we are against it because the idea of distributing them among the eu countries is idiotic . 
  no refugee will stay in romania with 1/10 of the average wages of germany or holland . 
  unless you put the refugees in camps and prisons , they will escape and try to run to we again . 
   strawman , western europe took in millions of eastern european that obviously were n't refugees either . 
  free movement is popular in eastern europe because it benefits them but they actually hate immigration . 
  so you want completely open borders with the whole world ? 
  when we joined the eu we signed up by the rules that x number of people from any of the other 27 countries can move to work/study/live in our countries . 
  no questions asked . 
  nowhere in the treaties it is said though that if germany singlehandedly invites millions of people from the middle east , we must share the burden . 
  internal and external eu migration are two completely different things . 
   or is it the while spread xenophobia ? 
  why would they stay somewhere where the population is hostile towards them ? 
  most of them simply want to build a new life , which is totally legit . 
  how many firms in poland would even hire a muslim with brown skin ? 
  sure , it 's the xenophobia . 
  not the fact that those people are free to move throughout the whole eu , due to its open borders , and can work for 10x the salary in germany or claim 20x the benefits in sweden compared to anywhere in ee . 
  the only way to keep people in ee would be to put them in prisons . 
  by the sound of it , you 're probably talking about roma families from romania/slovakia , rather than ethnic romanians or slovaks . 
  generally , they are the only ones to have 4 + children per family . 
  99.9 % of bulgarian families for example have 1 , max 2 kids , a stark contrast with roma 's 5-6-8-10 . 
  we may come from the same country , but culturally and ethnically are completely different people and have been for centuries . 
  that is quite possible , but controlling the migration will not stop the criminals from entering the uk . 
  it will only prevent/delay the honest people who want to go there to work/study . 
  in or out of the eu , with or without schengen , criminals will always try and enter . 
  that is simply not true . 
  poland has accepted thousands of ukrainians , and bulgaria historically has had a sizable turkish and armenian minorities . 
  the whole story around the refugees/migrants from mena has largely been fostered by the media , portraying it as an impending invasion , plus the generally conservative societies in the east . 
  firstly , our countries have n't historically had many immigrants from those places in particular , meaning locals are generally skeptical about those new people . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  then people look at how `` well '' they are integrating in the western countries , even though those ethnicities have been present there for ages . 
  the ghetto-isation of certain areas primarily inhabited by mena migrants is clearly visible . 
  then the attacks in paris and belgium happened , and especially after it was revealed that some of the attackers came in to europe as `` refugees '' , makes people worried about what people we are been asked to let into our countries . 
  no one is implying that all migrants are terrorists , just that some terrorist will try to sneak in among the migrants , and we clearly have no functioning way to filter them out . 
  finally , the proposed quotas system would simply not work . 
  feel free to dump as many migrants in poland and romania as you want , as long as we have eu 's open borders , they wo n't stay here . 
  unless we put them in prisons/camps , which would be ridiculous and inhumane , there 's no way to force them to stay here . 
  also , let 's not link internal eu migration with non-eu migration . 
  when we join the eu we accept the rules , that x number of people from any other 27 countries have the right to come and live/work/study / retire here . 
  no questions asked . 
  but nowhere in the treaties it is said , that we should let people in from outside the eu unrestricted as well . 
  if germany is happy to take a few million mena migrants , that is fine , but has no right to impose it on the others too . 
  that does make sense , i have only lived in the southeast , and having recently moved to london . 
  also been to scotland once , lovely people , had no problems at all  but it 's interesting - if most of the immigrants in the uk go to london/southeast , than why do the areas with the least immigrants have the most anti-immigrant sentiments ? 
  it 's a really odd situation for those of us from eastern europe . 
  on one hand , we get a never ending stream of news and articles and comments by officials , that are outright xenophobic and often directly insulting to us ( [ relevant ] ( http://www.aol.co.uk/news/2016/10/03/this-tory-mp-says-romanian-and-bulgarian-fruit-pickers-may-not-know-how-to-use-mobile-phones/ ) , [ even more relevant ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ukips-nigel-farage-tells-lbc-radio-i-dont-want-romanians-my-neighbours-audio-1448900 ) ) . 
  all that simply because i was born in the `` wrong '' country , let alone the fact that those guys probably never even met an actual romanian or bulgarian , or polish , etc. , in their lives . 
  this kind of publicly voiced opinions are scary , not because a muppet in parliament said it , but because it makes us wonder - how many of the ordinary british people we interact with every day feel exactly the same , but keep it to themselves ? 
  yet , in my four years of living in england , i have not experienced any form of discrimination or xenophobia against me . 
  not from friends around me , not from superiors at work , not from the random lady at the local sainsbury 's . 
  so it is quite confusing . 
  i open a random website and feels like the entirety of the british nation is preparing their pitchforks to kick me out of the country . 
  i interact with them , and such intentions are nowhere to be found . 
  can a british local care to share an opinion on this ? 
   downvote this as much as you want . 
  but i ca n't enjoy roaming this sub anymore , as me and my countrymen are consistently stereotyped and attacked . 
  and now you know how those of us from eastern europe have been feeling for the past years , on a daily basis . 
  except for us it 's not / r/europe , but the entirety of british media and public . 
  some us states have their own armed forces too : [ state defense force ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_defense_force ), 
  as someone working in banking - a gigantic shitton of things were done to ** try ** to prevent another crash . 
  ofc , there are n't and there can never be 100 % guarantees ... 
  genders are super easy in bulgarian , you just look at the last letter of the word  ending in consonant - masculine ending in \u0410 / \u042f - feminine ending in any other vowel - neutral, 
  watch out , we comin ' for ya !, 
  well , no , [ not really ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.kd?locations=hr-ro-bg ) :(, 
  we actually have one of the lowest debt-to-gdp ratio in europe of around 30 % and budget deficit of around 2 % . 
  if anyone in the ez will need a piggyback ride from germany , it 's unlikely to be us . 
   in other news , the sky is still blue !, 
  living in the uk , i 'd have to disagree . 
  it does n't . 
  it leads to a european identity . 
  the 28 + different cultures are subsets of it . 
  i can ask you a similar question - what is `` british '' ? 
  what does it mean to your identity ?
