  also let 's not forget that the majority of the migrants themselves do n't want to stay here . 
  you can make quotas all you want , but as long as we have schengen/free movement there will be nothing that can stop a migrant settled in bulgaria to freely move to germany to claim more benefits / earn higher salary . 
  the whole idea that we can allocate people to different countries around the eu and expect them to accept it is nonsense . 
  even if poland , or hungary , or bulgaria take their shares of migrants , how do we stop them from flooding back to germany/sweeden ? 
  we ca n't lock them all up ... and finally , again , the money issue . 
  a migrant costs bulgaria 500 euros per month . 
  this is in a country where the average pension is 150 euros per month , and average salary is 400-450 euros per month . 
  how do you justify making countries spend so much money on alien people when their own local populations are struggling ? 
  and the reason for that is because we have 45 years of market economy and democratic rule of catching-up to do . 
  because while you guys were rebuilding your industries , democracies , and enjoying all the marshall-plan money from the usa , we were essentially a protectorate of the soviets . 
  it may seem that ee is giving little in return to the west , but if you dig deeper you 'll see that 's not entirely true . 
  aside from the fact that it expanded the eu 's free market , virtually anything privatized in ee is owned by western corporations . 
  so yeah - we may pay less into eu 's budget , but essentially anything valuable in our countries is owned by you . 
  it may seem that eu migrants are only coming for the free money , but you 're ignoring the fact that currently there 's a massive brain drain in ee , with virtually everyone highly qualified and educated leaving for the west . 
  those three things alone are enough for we to want/need ee in the eu , despite what may seem like ee just draining resources from the west . 
  think of it like this - after the fall of the berlin wall , how much money did west germany invest into rebuilding east germany ? 
  do you believe that spending was justified , i.e. 
  do you think the east just drained the west for resources ? 
  what happened to the people of east germany , and what did the west gain ? 
  the same process is happening on the eu scale , with we and ee countries on either side . 
  except we do n't have west poland , west bulgaria , or west hungary to unify with and receive a massive inflow of capital for rebuilding . 
  that 's why the process is much slower . 
  think of it as an investment . 
  while the east may be weak and poor now , in 20-30 years it 's likely to be on par with the west , assuming continuing support . 
  and then you will have the other half of the continent as equally strong and influential allies . 
  that 's also part of the reason why the eu is heavily investing in non-eu peripheral contries - if your neighbours are strong and rich , you will be strong and rich too . 
  to project your influence and to gain access to a market of 100m + people . 
  i remember seing an interview with a british mep ( unfortunately ca n't remember who that was ) , who when asked why bulgaria and romania were let in the eu when they were clearly not ready , answered `` to minimize russian influence in eastern europe '' . 
  if you let ee alone , and kept the eu of just we countries , inevitably some of the countries would 've falled under the direct influence of either russia or america . 
  by letting us in you guarantee full coverege and power projection over the whole continent , tying the east to brussels/berlin . 
  now , would you risk kicking out ee , when they might find closer friends with either russia or america , which would often contradict your interests ? 
  you 're right that militarily ee is very weak , compared to the west , but the same can be said about we compared to the usa . 
  that 's why we 're in nato , most of us trust that america to help in case of ( very unlikely ) russian aggression , but would probably never trust brussels/eu for military help . 
  the poles in particular have bad experience of expecting help from west of europe while getting crushed from both sides . 
  is n't that the problem though ? 
  you have so many opt-outs , that it makes it virtually impossible to have the same influence as germany and france . 
  you ca n't influence something when you 're only halfway in , and contemplating about leaving completely . 
  nothing would make me happier to see the uk gain a stronger stance in the eu , actually becoming one of the leaders , together with germany and france , however the reality is that the uk is primarily focused on gaining more special treatment and separating from the union more and more . 
  you ca n't influence something while sitting on the fence . 
  no idea really , i 've never tried [ bougatsa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bougatsa ) ( ? 
  ) , but it does seem quite similar . 
  thin dough layers with white cheese in between ? 
  asian girl representing australia at eurovision . 
  takes globalisation at a whole new level :d, 
  for every 1 $ saved from taxes by a man , she only saved 80c ? 
   nope , it was strategically sound to join the eec and try to shape it into something good [ indeed it was ] ( https://vimeo.com/85914510 ), 
  640m euros for a bunch of monuments ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  a conversation between my landlord ( british ) and my roommate 's mother ( french ) : l : i was thinking of taking my family to paris . 
  m : that 's nice , just be careful . 
  lots of criminals and pickpockets - roma people . 
  l : yeah , yeah , we have lots of romanians here too . 
  real conversation , i shit you not . 
  could barely hold myself from laughing :d but could be worse , i was once asked by a british person whether bulgaria is a country in africa , 
  the cost of greece leaving the eurozone will be far greater than the 20bn debt relief they are receiving . 
  especially if this leads to the collapse of the eurozone which may trigger another global recession . 
  germany and the rest of the ez are not helping greece because they love them so much , but it 's because in the ez 's interest as well for greece to remain a member . 
  greece ai n't going nowhere, 
  it is indeed , although quite different to the other ones . 
  we do n't even call it yoghurt , we call it `` sour milk '' , it tastes completely different to the greek one . 
  interesting where ee countries would be now if we were allowed by our eastern big brother to receive mp funds too ... 
  bulgarian yoghurt  all other yoghurt, 
   romania has a huge problem that it 's natural partner bulgaria is doing worse on all fronts weeell , our prime minister recently said that romania appears to be doing much better in fighting corruption because we 've already walked on that road and there 's no more corruption in bulgaria . ^ nojoke ^ srslyhelpplox, 
  to be fair , that might also solve the problem with britons who voted remain and would like to keep their eu citizenship despite brexit . 
  so it will generally be beneficial for everyone , if people can get over the `` they be takin muh sovrenty , i want my blu pasport '' mentality . 
  my best guess would be the language . 
  everyone speaks at least a bit of english by now , and if they do n't , the language is so easy that they 'd pick it up for a couple of months living there . 
  good luck doing that with german . 
  sorry mate , completely forgot to pick up them strawberries on my way back from my job at an investment bank . 
  the idea that all of us are ` ere to sweep the streets and sell the big issue is idiotic and frankly quite insulting . 
  you have two options : - arek comes here , works as a software engineer for a slightly lower salary than you , outcompeting you - the company outsources the position and hires arek 's cousin in poland for 1/4 of the money economy always wins . 
  protectionism never works . 
  perfectly happy to limit the immigration from the poor east , if in return your corporations return every company , piece of land , and infrastructure that they `` bought '' for breadcrumbs upon us joining . 
  you act as if everything is one way . 
  yes more people come from east to west , the same way as the west now owns the east . 
  no cases slavic language master race !, 
   also , do n't get shocked by the long lines at the louvre . 
  and if you think that `` french people are rude '' , please go outside paris . 
  there 's more to france than just paris . 
  been to paris , everyone was friendly and nice . 
  do n't know where that stereotype comes form ... 
  they also seemed to be perfectly fine speaking english as we did n't know any french . 
  was a nice surprise , compared to what we expected  also super awesome that the louvre and other cultural places are free if you are < 25 and from the eu \u2665, 
  true , but bear in mind that bulgaria , and especially romania are quite large countries by european standards . 
  montenegro is such a tiny country though that i do n't think the eu would even notice a difference with or without them . 
  ah yes , forgot about those unemployed poor poor germans , austrians , dutch , scandinavians ... 
  nice , replacing a 500m-people market with a 4.4 m one , 
  portugal now officially an ee country :p joking aside , it 's nice seeing ee countries catching up to the west ( slowly , but we 'll get there eventually ) . 
  coming from the poorest eu country , the progress in the last 10-15 years has been massive , despite the overall pessimism and negativity of the local people ... 
  not really , it 's mostly the uneducated folk that think that romanian = = roma . 
  i blame the similarity of the words . 
  bring back wallachia as your official name and noone would suggest that anymore , 
  but you should . 
  thing is , a lot of people ( politicians ) are afraid that that might piss off russia big time , and are very wary of bringing former ussr countries to our sphere of influence, 
   i still remember the childish understanding of it all that i had , we were rich , they were poor and they had suffered a lot and them joining the eu was because we were going to all work together to make life better for each other . 
  this actually sounds really nice , as in this is what the eu is all about . 
  thank you !, 
  also points out the massive difference between the scottish and english people 's mindsets ... 
  not balkan enough, 
   the young are taught to hate it , the old remember it with nostalgia .
