using them to reproduce what the actual fuck ? 
  you are a trying to dismiss a problem with false accusations and strawmen because you do n't care . 
  does n't mean you are evil and we is trying to kill us , but it does mean we have to do the lifting ourselves which is exactly why we need to keep this issue on the plate even if all you see is `` drama '' . 
  i do n't care that you do n't care , it is an issue and will be brought up until it 's solved . 
  deal with it . 
  so , what 's your proposal ? 
  it 's obvious you do n't care but i do n't see any point suggesting that you have a solution . 
  you are asking why it 's an issue if you get sold worse quality food ? 
  well , we do n't like being treated badly , if that 's inferiority complex we have it for sure . 
   that 's the sentiment that any regulation should represent ( fair , but not unnecessary ) , not to force companies what to produce . 
  and that 's the sentiment we should use according to whom ? 
  no-one said they ca n't produce a persil eastern europe variant , just put it on the label , so we know it 's not the same product as persil we . 
  it 's the same as putting the ingredients on the label which is already a law , only making it even more convenient to the consumers . 
  i do n't understand how you can be against it but okay , that 's your choice . 
  but painting this as something unachievable and against capitalism is just plain wrong . 
  consumer protection is not against capitalism , it 's for a better working one . 
  so you 're telling me there 's a chance ? 
  wow , that sea looks wild . 
  hungarian has compounds so you might have encountered them . 
  i 'm not a linguist but i 'd say it 's not as bad as german simply by stylistic choice of the speakers . 
  i 'd say everyone would understand what aut\u00f3buszp\u00e1lyaudvarigazgat\u00f3helyettes means ( bus station manager 's deputy ) it 's just that that 's a long word and i have no idea how to write it correctly since we have rules on when to add hyphens and when not to and it means i 'd need to count both the syllables and how many word stems it 's built from to write it correctly . 
  if i 'd know the rules . 
  and spoken it would roll off the tongue as `` az aut\u00f3buszp\u00e1lyaudvar igazgat\u00f3helyettese '' . 
  it feels more natural like that . 
  but add a couple hyphens in there somewhere and i think it 's a legitimate compound of aut\u00f3 | busz | p\u00e1lya | udvar | igazgat\u00f3 | helyettes . 
  okay , so now you want to trust theory over practice ? 
  ( same as our communists by the way just with capitalism ... ) i know i said i have time . 
  but let 's stop right here . 
  i say something works bad and you say capitalism will make it work well because of reasons that already existed for a while but did n't result in the problem going away . 
  the `` business opportunity '' existed in the last 3 decades and i do not trust it will be exploited in 3 more . 
  if there are always three business ventures , one gaining 100 % profit , one gaining 90 % and one netting 1 % , the latter will never be picked up by anyone , instead the 100 % and 90 % will have more competitors . 
  so we should just suffer worse product quality for who knows how many more decades because else `` innovation '' will be stifled ? 
  i call bullshit again . 
  you do n't want this problem to be fixed , because you do n't care about it ( or ee consumers ) , maybe you do n't even believe it exists . 
  yes we both know there exist no such rules , that 's established . 
  we 're writing to each other about the topic of whether such rules should exist in the future though . 
  since we were n't created to the face of earth by god with a big book of laws including `` teh one and only consumer protection law you 'll ever need unless you 're a heathen pagan '' and since the eu insisted on a plethora of new laws getting written in my country , i understood that the eu or someone of even higher authority ( presumably god , or jesus reborn but i would settle for john smith if he comes with an army of angels from the heavens above ) could in theory create the possibility of such a consumer protection law being implemented in the eu . 
  it says nutella on the label but it 's not the nutella i know from consuming austrian nutella for decades . 
  we can carry on if you want , i have time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consumer_protection ( maybe try to read it this time . 
  or just ctrl + f on `` accurate information '' or `` unfair practices '' if your precious time is too much to ask . ), 
  what ? 
  how would it stifle innovation ? 
  why would it ? 
  or would it also kill bunnies maybe ? 
  cause forest fires ? 
  kill elderly women ? 
  push the american continent 200 kilometers to the east ? 
  cut it with the bullshit already . 
  which studies ? 
  give them to me , i will trust them if they are done scientifically and do n't try to explain differences with `` consumer habits '' . 
  my father worked 30 years in austria so i was able to make comparisons between products from austria that he bought home and products in hungary . 
  it very well may be that things changed in the last 3-4 years , in which case i 'm wrong , i give you that . 
  but if they did n't , then things over there do cost the same or less and are of better quality . 
  it is true for the same brands as well or my mother would n't have washed our clothes with austrian ariel for 30 years when it was available in hungary as well for more than two decades . 
  the situation did n't magically change in 2004 either , so i 'm not saying this is somehow the eu 's fault . 
  no , it 's something the eu could make a difference in though . 
  i know what you think , she did wash clothes with austrian ariel and we ate austrian nutella because we 're just stupid idiots with inferiority complex . 
  i wo n't argue with that as it 's not worth doing . 
  if you have experience worth decades telling you there 's no difference , that 's something to wonder about but it wo n't cancel my experience . 
  i thought that 's why governments exist , but thank you for making clear that i should be the one achieving world peace if i wish for it . 
  i believe my tastebuds over an arrogant swiss guy who probably never tasted any of the products described . 
  if that makes me a conspiracy theorist then i 'm a proud one . 
  i do n't have the capital to start a nutella-shop business . 
  nor do i want to be an entrepeneur frankly . 
  ( yeah , i already know our problems are not important and easy to fix with half a brain . 
  it 's just that we 're whiny idiots who ca n't see that your problems are the actual problems worth discussing . ), 
  we are shopping western products , i 'm buying nutella just like you . 
  that 's the whole issue . 
  i could import nutella , true . 
  do i know if they 'd ship me nutella germany or an eastern european nutella from a closer warehouse ? 
  no , i do not , since they 're both just `` nutella '' according to ferrero . 
  do you see the problem ? 
  is it the individual eastern european 's responsibility to do something about this , or can the eu do something since the whole point of the union is that as you aptly explained two comments above ? 
   the whole point of the eu is that the rules across the entire single market is harmonized yet in this thread , eastern and central europeans who want the same quality products for their money as westerners are painted as idiots who ca n't understand the joy of capitalism . 
  but if western europe wants something from them , that 's clearly logical , the way to go forward , and if you do n't like it you should leave . 
  it 's double standards all the way . 
  you ca n't win elections in a country when you ca n't carry a conversation with 4/5th of the voters since you think they are orb\u00e1n-believers . 
  if that 's how people in the capital see it then you can already prepare to enjoy the next 20 years of fidesz government . 
  yeah , dumb hungarian idiots , their results do n't count since they can be only explained by their inferiority to every other nation in every aspect possible . 
  ( hope your untermensch-syndrome was satisfied for the day , mate . ), 
   have a very strong `` feeling '' regarding the muslims . 
  you 're right , but i 'm not sure if you understand . 
  i do not joke with you , my ancestors moved to hungary some 350 years ago to be soldiers defending a hungarian town from turkish invasion . 
  if they would n't have , i would n't exist but even if an alternate version would , he 'd be bavarian or something . 
  `` we 're defending our country from muslim attacks '' was not just some stupid hyperbole statesmen say so they get elected in this part of the world and this was true for centuries . 
  i have nothing against any individual muslim but if i were the eu , putting any group of muslims forcibly anywhere in central and eastern europe is not something i would try to push as it 's doomed to be an extremely unpopular move . 
  look , if you see a woman getting unwanted sexual attention you do n't put on sexy clothes to catch the harasser 's eyes out of solidarity . 
  you deal with the one who 's doing the harassment in other ways . 
  such ridiculous claims . 
  i think we fulfilled or are in the process of fulfilling every duty that we signed up for . 
  we did n't sign a blank contract saying you can later ask of us whatever the hell you damn please , you know ? 
  i 'm sure that would gain mr. orb\u00e1n a couple percents but we 're nowhere near election yet , so if you could hold your horses for a couple months , that would be jolly good . 
  our diplomats ' job is to represent our country . 
  ( that includes not taking part in celebrating losing areas of the country . 
  if you do n't like that , i do n't care . ), 
   and then forcing your diplomats not to take part in the celebration of our national day we could make your biggest national tragedy 's anniversary into a festivity here too , if we cared enough about you to know when that actually is . 
  it 's a female name in hungarian too . 
  and means apple . 
  we 're going on a tangent here really , but you have access to more equipment because the owners have more capital to invest .
