  according to dclg , the most deprived cities ( calculated as those with the most deprived boroughs ) are middlesbrough , knowsley , hull and manchester . 
   furthermore , processing should be done at a few eu-managed , prearranged places , where the host country has no responsibility to sustain or accept the refugees i 've always thought that the talk of hotspots and a new legal route into the eu ignored the fact that the european external action service runs delegations in almost every country . 
  why not turn these into centres where you can apply for entry into the eu , much like you have to apply at other embassies for entry into countries ? 
  the european parliament can dissolve the entire european commission if it wants . 
  good luck getting them to do that , though . 
  the european parliament has a tiny amount of power . 
  that 's why i qualified it by saying that i do n't know how they are now . 
  that said , i doubt cofe schools have morphed into hotbeds of christian fundamentalism since i left . 
  i do n't know how they are now , but i attended a church of england primary school in the 1990s , and it was all pretty harmless . 
  if you really objected to prayers and hymns , you could excuse yourself , but most people who objected just bowed their heads and did n't say anything during prayers . 
  it felt like lip service , anyway . 
  you were free to take it as seriously as you liked . 
  there 's a big difference between schools where the curriculum is informed by religion , and schools where it 's simply tradition to say a prayer during assembly . 
  sure , scrap them , but it would n't change a thing . 
  the system is simply a result of the fact that a lot of education in the 19th century was provided by the church . 
  that 's a regulation , so it 's immediately superior to any czech law on the issue . 
  cats do n't seem to be on the list , though . 
  i do n't see why they 'd take it from you . 
  anyhow , the eu law would need to be enforced by the czech authorities . 
  the eu law is the one to be followed . 
  what eu law are you talking about , though ? 
  i have n't heard of any eu rules about pets . 
  that 's precisely what happened with the quota system - it went to a vote in the council . 
  problem is , loads of countries voted for the quota system so germany was n't outvoted . 
  only romania , the czech republic , slovakia and hungary voted against it . 
  the national law might predate the european law , or might be applicable to other things . 
  for example , you could have a law which both prohibits keeping cats as pets and keeping stray cats . 
  the european law might only prohibit keeping cats - in that case , the bit about feeding stray cats remains relevant , so there 's no need to get rid of the whole law . 
  it 's also hard for countries to keep up with changing european law . 
  a court of justice judgment might alter the meaning of a law , or a commission decision might change another aspect . 
  the approach of the courts , at least in the uk , is to simply ignore the parts of the national law that conflict with the european law . 
  also , it 's not as simple as letting the eu deal with certain areas of the law and leaving the rest to member states , because there 's an interplay between national and european law . 
  eu directives are a type of eu law that member states have to implement - if the eu passes a directive , then the member states have to replicate its provisions at a national level . 
  that means that member states have to look at the directive , interpret it and pass laws enacting its provisions . 
  they might have some leeway in doing that , or they might not . 
  to go back to the pet example , the eu might pass a directive banning aggressive domestic animals . 
  the czech republic could replicate it by passing a law doing that , or they could ban the keeping of cats entirely - they have some discretion . 
  the issue then is whether the czech law gives effect to what the directive is trying to achieve . 
  it 's a crap example , but my point is that there 's no strict division between eu and national law a lot of the time . 
  eu law is supreme over any national law , although some countries ( germany in particular ) have said that they will reject eu law if it contravenes fundamental constitutional principles . 
  the conflict has never really come to a head , though . 
  it 's complex , but the best way to understand it is to realise that countries have given the eu power in certain areas ( e.g. 
  trade ) and that for those areas , the eu makes the rules . 
  i do n't know of any eu rules on pets , but if for example the eu decided that cats could not be kept as pets , any czech law saying that cats could be kept as pets would be disapplied . 
  thankfully , the french have been told that they 'll get a referendum on the accession of turkey since 2005 . 
  the only official languages of the eu should be english , french and german . 
  the eu spends too much on translation and translating eu law into each language whilst maintaining that each language version is identical to another does n't work . 
  not at all . 
  juncker and schulz are also on the record as being against turkey 's accession . 
  strictly speaking , the french people would n't be deciding against . 
  unanimity in the council is required for the accession of a new member state . 
  presumably if the french voted no in the referendum , the president would vote no in the council . 
  i think the french have been promised a referendum on turkey 's accession to the eu . 
  that 's the case generally , but international law is unclear as to whether the principle of non-refoulement is applicable in situations of mass influx . 
  the international agreements and treaties on refugees are n't explicit , but there appears to be an implied exception to the duty of non-refoulement in situations where the sheer number of refugees would threaten the basic interests of the state . 
  there was a debate about it before the passing of the 1951 refugee convention - it 's all in the travaux pr\u00e9paratoires . 
  most countries wanted an assurance that , when faced with a critical threat from a mass influx , they could exercise their sovereignty and protect their vital interests by refusing refugees . 
  it makes sense - if a state is faced with refusing refugees or being overwhelmed , they 're obviously going to choose the former . 
  of course , that dichotomy is only going to arise in really serious situations , but as it 's a possibility , the legal means to refuse refugees have to be available . 
  zaire and tanzania refused refugees ( after accepting hundreds of thousands ) from rwanda and burundi due to security fears . 
  customary international law seems to have concluded that they were right to do that . 
  interestingly , there 's an eu directive which covers some of this stuff but has never been activated - directive 2001/55/ec ( temporary protection directive ) . 
  it establishes a temporary protection regime ( which could be an alternative to permanent asylum ) and is eu-wide , meaning that the burden would be shared . 
  that would have avoided the fight over the quota system . 
  it also denies family reunion , which alleviates the concern of even greater numbers coming , and refugee status can be denied to those under temporary protection . 
  it seems like the perfect compromise . 
  i 'm not sure why it has n't been activated . 
  yeah , i completely agree with that . 
  welfare spending is a huge part of the budget in the uk , and i ca n't help but feel that some of its problems that should be dealt with on a domestic level are deflected by blaming the eu instead . 
  part of our welfare system is contributory ( national insurance payments ) but i 'm not sure whether they go towards the general welfare fund or whether they 're earmarked for people who 've contributed . 
  the welfare system here is so complex . 
  there should n't even be in-work benefits and in-work tax credits . 
  work should pay enough so that you do n't have to rely on welfare to top up your income . 
  i did n't know that seehofer wanted to charge foreigners for using the autobahn . 
  and i completely agree about exceptions . 
  the price of benefiting from things like the single market is the partial loss/pooling of sovereignty required to make the uniform rules necessary for it to work . 
  i do n't think cameron gets that , and i do n't think he understands what the eu is . 
  if he did , he would n't have made the suggestion last week ( although i think he 's backtracked now - perhaps he realised how ridiculous it was ) that national parliaments should be able to scrap existing eu laws . 
  that goes against the principle of conferral . 
  if you do n't like the eu rules in a certain area , why did you give the eu the competence to legislate in that area ? 
  you would need treaty change . 
  the * dano * case you linked to applies only to non-economically active eu migrants , i.e. 
  a small proportion of eu migrants overall . 
  that 's been backed up by a recent case ( * alimanovic * ) and a pending case ( * garcia-nieto * ) will probably say the same . 
  the status of most other eu migrants ( e.g. 
  workers , former workers , students , family members ) is regulated by directive 2004/38 and article 24 of that directive states that you have to give them social assistance benefits on the same terms as your own citizens , except for the first three months of their residence . 
  you have to give them labour market benefits ( mainly jobseekers ' allowance ) on exactly the same terms as your own citizens , though . 
  no three-month exclusion period for them . 
  that 's because eu law makes a distinction between social assistance benefits and labour market benefits . 
  the reason why it requires treaty change is because the treaties provide for a right to equal treatment ( article 18 tfeu ) as well as for the free movement of workers and citizens ( articles 45 and 20/21 tfeu respectively ) . 
  unless the cjeu decides to overturn its previous rulings , national or eu legislation restricting access to benefits for eu migrants would be found to be incompatible with the treaties and disapplied/struck down . 
  the only way to get around that is by modifying the equal treatment rights in the treaties . 
  edit : of course , cameron could simply re-organise the uk benefit system and make it a contributory one . 
  part of me feels that the problem ( if there is one , and i do n't think there is - benefit tourism is overstated ) could be resolved on a national level . 
  it may well be the university i attended in america . 
  i doubt it was representative ( wealthy but public commuter university where most students grew up in the same county/city ) . 
  i agree with your point about rugby clubs , to an extent . 
  the difference , as i see it , is that people join the rugby club because they have a shared interest ( rugby , primarily , but also behaving like animals , acting macho , etc. 
  ) , whereas there does n't seem to be any shared interest for fraternities , or , if there is , it 's not as unifying as a shared sporting interest . 
  it was the fact that they paid for it which baffled me the most , though .
