  there would be one hell of a rebellion , plus an issue of wilfully misleading parliament if the substance of the treaty is so obviously within s 4 yet the minister says otherwise . 
  what most people seem to miss is that a government with a simple majority could just repeal the european union act 2011 and then ratify the new treaty without a referendum . 
  technically , though , there are ways around the act . 
  s 2 ( 3 ) says that if the act implementing the new treaty states that it does not fall within s 4 ( the list of circumstances which will trigger a referendum ) , there does not have to be a referendum as per s 2 ( 1 ) ( c ) . 
  s 5 ( 3 ) suggests that whether the new treaty falls within s 4 is a question for the minister . 
  essentially , it looks like a sneaky bastard could ratify a new treaty without a referendum , although it would be politically unpalatable . 
  that 's true - it 's interesting seeing how the same legal concept differs depending on the language used . 
  there have been a few cases ( although i ca n't remember which concept it was ) where the french word has lends itself to a more liberal interpretation than the english word used . 
  you have to speak french to work there . 
  stagiaires and r\u00e9f\u00e9rendaires must be able to speak french , or at least the application forms say that that 's a condition . 
  i 'm not sure of the level required , though . 
  that 's not true . 
  the ecj deliberates in french but it 's not the only language . 
  you can plead before the ecj in any of the official eu languages . 
  moreover , eu law is published in every eu language and every version is equally authoritative . 
  do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  the date at which a country joined the eu has no bearing on its record of playing by the rules . 
  i 'm not sure if that would work . 
  i do n't know anything about the legal status of migrants in gibraltar , but the uk is currently resisting pressure to accept migrants who sailed to raf akrotiri on cyprus . 
  the government says that that does n't give them a right to go to the uk . 
  it may be the same for gibraltar . 
  denmark wo n't have a say - it has an opt-out from eu asylum measures . 
  the rules are in articles 258-260 tfeu . 
  if a member state fails to comply with eu law , there 's a long process to deal with it . 
  at the end , though , the court of justice can levy a lump sum fine and/or daily penalty payments . 
  there is a basic formula applied by the commission to calculate rates ( although subject to the approval of the court of justice ) which includes coefficients for gdp , seriousness of the breach and voting rights in the council . 
  it does n't strictly need to be ratified by national parliaments , as the renegotiaton agreement is n't treaty change . 
  that said , some member states may put it to national parliaments anyway and then use their decision to influence the way they vote in the council . 
  to my knowledge , though , it 's technically an opt-in . 
  you guys are automatically opted out of asylum measures and consciously have to opt in if you want to participate . 
  failing to opt in is less easily criticised by germany than deliberately opting out . 
  good luck with that . 
  ireland has an opt-out from eu asylum measures . 
  i agree , and in the current context , i think nato stepping in is a good thing . 
  my comment was directed more at the idea that we need to have a collective defence mechanism . 
  re uk , france , italy , sweden mobilising , however , i think you 're presenting a false dichotomy . 
  there is the capability for the eu to act in a military capacity , using military assets of the member states ( see [ eu battlegroups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup ) ) and under the direct control of the council . 
  it simply has n't been done . 
  if those battlegroups were adopted under the aegis of the cfsp , once the mandate had been agreed in the council , you would n't have any of the issues of coordinating multiple militaries etc. 
  nato is made up of a lot of eu forces , true , but that does n't mitigate the fact that the command and control structure of nato is nothing to do with the eu . 
  we need to be able to direct forces ourselves , and that 's not something we can do at the moment , no matter how many member states contribute forces to nato . 
  the fact remains that it 's a separate organisation from the eu . 
  i hope this works , but it 's a complete joke that it 's had to come to nato stepping in . 
  the eu is n't a collection of third world countries - we should n't have to be bailed out by nato . 
  we should be taking the lead . 
  the next commission proposal i 'd like to see is one proposing that we get a spine . 
  yeah , a couple , although i 'm not sure as to the extent of consular assistance . 
  the uk has a diplomatic mission there , as does sweden , germany , poland , the czech republic , romania , bulgaria and brazil . 
  quite a few african and asian countries have embassies there , and obviously russia and china do , too . 
  iirc , there 's even a programme at the university of pyongyang where you can go and teach english . 
  do we ? 
  the british and french militaries are pretty powerful . 
  i think the issue is more that the eu itself ( as opposed to the member states ) does n't have much in the way of forces under its control ( only some cfsp missions ) . 
  there 's no way for the eu itself to back up its policies with hard power - if it wanted to get serious militarily , it would have to rely on its military aims being aligned with british and/or french military aims . 
  that 's a whole other debate , though ... 
   that part we ca n't do either , because on our territory if we 're keeping people in camps , we have to provide adequate conditions or whichever country does n't gets sued and people in the camps have to get compensated with actual money . 
  trying to avoid doing that is one of the things that will cause political opposition ( apart from a legal one ) . 
  is n't that the point the finnish president is making , though - the international law obligations requiring us to provide adequate conditions and requiring that we pay compensation if we do n't are precisely the ones that need to be reconsidered ? 
  same goes for laws against seizing migrants ' property . 
  that article refers only to migrants who have committed criminal offences , not to economic migrants . 
  i 'm yet to see any proposals on how to get rid of them . 
  if it were me , i 'd make funding to countries ( such as funding under the european neighbourhood instrument ) conditional on those countries ' acceptance of migrants ( perhaps even if the migrants did n't originate from there in the first place ) . 
  many of these so-called neighbourhood countries want access to the internal market and visa liberalisation . 
  make it conditional on that . 
  not entirely . 
  this is from a post i made on another thread a few months ago : that 's the case generally , but international law is unclear as to whether the principle of non-refoulement is applicable in situations of mass influx . 
  the international agreements and treaties on refugees are n't explicit , but there appears to be an implied exception to the duty of non-refoulement in situations where the sheer number of refugees would threaten the basic interests of the state . 
  there was a debate about it before the passing of the 1951 refugee convention - it 's all in the travaux pr\u00e9paratoires . 
  most countries wanted an assurance that , when faced with a critical threat from a mass influx , they could exercise their sovereignty and protect their vital interests by refusing refugees . 
  it makes sense - if a state is faced with refusing refugees or being overwhelmed , they 're obviously going to choose the former . 
  of course , that dichotomy is only going to arise in really serious situations , but as it 's a possibility , the legal means to refuse refugees have to be available . 
  zaire and tanzania refused refugees ( after accepting hundreds of thousands ) from rwanda and burundi due to security fears . 
  customary international law seems to have concluded that they were right to do that . 
  someone with a fairly decent command of english . 
  that 's the commission chatting shit . 
  the uk has an opt-in in respect of all eu asylum measures , including amendments to legislation that we already choose to participate in . 
  we participate in dublin iii because it allows us to deport migrants back to wherever they entered the eu . 
  however dublin iv comes into existence , we 'd be able to opt-in to certain parts and opt-out of others . 
  that system of opt-ins and opt-outs is n't contingent on our acceptance of other parts of eu immigration and asylum law . 
  it 's not a requirement for membership . 
  there is nothing in the eu treaties to that effect . 
  it 's not necessarily obvious , given that the eu wants to accede to the echr and for the echr to be able to review eu acts in light of the convention . 
  had the cjeu not rejected accession in opinion 2/13 , the eu could be taken to the echr just like any of the other members of the council of europe . 
  my point was that the relationship is one-sided because the echr privileges eu law ( have a look at the bosphorous presumption ) and even then , the cjeu refuses to allow the echr to review eu acts . 
  that 's not entirely accurate . 
  there is nothing in either of the eu treaties stating that member states must be signatories to the echr . 
  it 's more of a political obligation . 
  that said , there is a relationship between the eu and echr . 
  there is a high degree of alignment between eu and echr fundamental rights law . 
  the cjeu draws on the latter in a lot of its judgments , and the rights enshrined in the echr form part of the general principles of eu law - see article 6 ( 3 ) teu . 
  the eu charter is also meant to replicate , as far as possible , echr rights - see article 52 ( 3 ) . 
  it makes one question what the point of leaving the echr is , as we 'll still have to comply with the same rights when implementing eu law ( and ` implementing eu law ' has a broad definition ) . 
  the relationship between the cjeu and ecthr is pretty interesting . 
  the cjeu draws on echr law , but wo n't let the echr anywhere near eu law ( have a look at opinion 2/13 of the cjeu rejecting the eu 's accession to the echr ) . 
  the relationship is pretty lopsided - the echr has a presumption that eu law complies with human rights and it 's quite difficult to rebut . 
  how can you blame the uk in particular for the eu 's problems ? 
  schauble 's argument presumes that a lack of funds is why we are n't controlling our borders , but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  what is missing is political will . 
  i 'm not disputing that there are plenty of opportunities for people in the uk to improve their education , i 'm merely pointing out that a british university education is generally more expensive than a continental one . 
  it 's not as simple as you make out , though .
