i heard that serbia and pakistan were tied for the honour of being the most anti-american country . 
  is that true ? 
  during de gaulle 's rule , perhaps , as well as mitterrand 's in the 1980s and early 1990s . 
  the french had a big influence from the 60s , making the eu more intergovernmental and less supranational ( e.g. 
  the empty chair crisis and the luxembourg compromise ) . 
  de gaulle also vetoed the uk 's entry into the eu twice . 
  germany only seems to have come to the fore since reunification . 
  interestingly , the uk foreign office released some papers a couple of years ago that revealed thatcher and mitterrand 's opposition to german reunification . 
  i completely agree . 
  we could be so much more infuential in europe if we bothered to engage with it properly . 
  if you go for anything more than about 8 % in a pub , it 'll probably come as a half-pint . 
  i presume it 's some legal requirement - they were fine with me buying two half-pints of delirium but not with putting said half-pints into a single pint glass . 
  you 're right - my apologies . 
  i 'm yet to hear what will happen to those people who are n't taken up the quota ( be they migrants or refugees - probably the former , if 160,000 refugees entering europe is correct ) , though , or what will happen when more refugees enter . 
  it 's not like by agreeing to the quotas , the flow will be staunched . 
  when was article 24 introduced ? 
  i ask because whilst nato does n't have a legal system , article 42 teu envisages a common defence policy - might it refer to that type of scenario ? 
  what you 've said makes sense , though , and from everything i 've seen , the bverfg is keen to have the last word . 
  there was a recent case on the ecb 's omt 's programme ( c-62 / 14 * gauweiler * ) which was pretty interesting . 
  from what i can remember , the bverfg threatened to review the legality of omt in the context of article 125 tfeu and send a very direct reference to the court of justice . 
  does article 25 refer to the eu , though ? 
  it 's questionable whether eu law can be described as international law ( the court of justice does n't think so , but i have no idea how the german judiciary views it ) , and article 23 was , if i remember correctly , introduced in 1992 to deal with the relationship between germany and the eu and with the status of eu law . 
  i 'm wondering why article 23 was necessary if article 25 ( which i assume preceded 23 ) already dealt with the status of eu law . 
  or was 23 designed to deal with how the eu should be ? 
  in * lisbon * , the bverfg was very critical of the eu 's state-like aspirations and went on at length about the place of representative democracy in the eu . 
  i 'd love to agree , as i think the whole idea is mental . 
  120,000 is 20 days ' worth , at the current rate people are entering the eu . 
  the thing is , the eu treaties ( and eu law ) are drafted and interpreted very broadly . 
  whenever the eu institutions want to pass legislation , they have to give it a legal basis , and the one they 'll choose here is article 78 tfeu . 
  i 'm pretty angry about it all , not just because the convention has been to seek unanimity on contentious topics ( even if only qmv was needed ) , but because it 's fractured europe and for what ? 
  it 's not even a solution . 
  asylum policy does n't fall within your bullet points - it 's covered by article 78 tfeu , and the article states that its use is governed by the ordinary legislative procedure , which entails qmv , not unanimity . 
  in practice , they try to reach unanimity , and the use of qmv here is undoubtedly controversial , but not illegal . 
  23 and 25 are both about supremacy and sovereignty , are they not ? 
  they seem to address linked issues . 
  sure , article 25 is explicit as to the supremacy of international law , but article 23 commits to qualified participation in the eu . 
  in the * maastricht * decision , the bverfg interpreted article 23 so as to limit the powers that could be transferred from germany to the eu . 
  they used article 23 to declare that , although germany will participate in the eu , court of justice judgments will comply with the grundgesetz and that the bverfg will be the final authority on eu law within germany . 
  they also said ( in the * lisbon * judgment , i think ) , using article 23 as a justification , that eu law , even if exercised intra vires , can still be found illegal by german courts . 
  that seems to be directly about supremacy - i.e. 
  eu law is supreme , unless it violates the basic constitutional identity , in which case it is not . 
  that judgment also suggests that even if the treaties have been signed , if the eu acts beyond the scope of the powers transferred to it by the treaties , or within its powers but in violation of the german constitutional identity , then they do not have to be followed . 
  that 's why i said article 23 implicitly addressed supremacy . 
  you obviously know more about german law than i do , though - the above is simply how i was taught , and the bverfg judgments are why i took the view i did . 
  i 'm happy to be corrected , though . 
  we passed a quasi-constitutional document in the uk in 1688 , transforming an absolute monarchy into a constitutional monarchy . 
  admittedly , that 's the closest we 've come to a formal constitution , although our courts have recognised some laws as being ` constitutional ' , declaring that they can only be repealed expressly , rather than impliedly . 
  they 've also said that if parliament ever goes nuts and does something outrageous , the courts will step in . 
  it has n't been tested , though . 
  but yes , we have n't had a formal constitutional process . 
  i do n't think it 's even possible . 
  you 're welcome - i 'm in bar school and want to go into eu law , so it 's all fairly fresh in my mind . 
  although with the uk referendum coming up , i 'm questioning whether eu law was the right career choice ... 
  i think a lot depends on the culture , to be honest . 
  in the uk , we do n't make a fuss about eu law once it 's accepted that we have to implement it , and i expect the dutch are similar . 
  the whole concept of state liability , however , was a result of italy repeatedly refusing to implement a directive . 
  i ca n't see the uk doing the same , though . 
  we 'd grumble about it , but eventually implement it . 
  that might be because we have an uncodified constitution - it 's very difficult to claim that something is unconstitutional because there 's nothing to refer to . 
  i think you 're right - there are political issues stopping the court of justice from going too far . 
  ultimately , though , i think the reason they do n't push it is because the court is reliant upon national courts to shape eu law . 
  the main way eu law is shaped is through article 267 tfeu - the national court makes a reference to the court of justice on a point of eu law . 
  if the national court refuses to refer , what then ? 
  if no references are made , the court has no points of eu law to interpret and disseminate . 
  technically , the national court could be sued under the principle of state liability for failing to refer , but that 's problematic in itself . 
  the court is politically sensitive , and that also seems to be in order to preserve the mutual dialogue between itself and national courts . 
  there was a case last december called * dano * - it was about unemployed eu citizens claiming benefits in other member states and the court took an unusually restrictive approach . 
  they kept up that approach two weeks ago in a case called * alimanovic * and there is another pending ( * garcia-nieto * ) which will probably go the same way . 
  all of these seemed to be in response to a concern on the part of some member states ( particularly the uk ) of benefit tourism . 
  the court seems to know what will trigger a reaction by national courts and member states , and wo n't risk rupturing the dialogue between itself and national courts . 
  also , i guess that the court wo n't push it because there is simply no means of enforcement . 
  procedural law is a national prerogative , and there is no direct appeal to the court of justice , so if germany , say , declared some eu law to be ultra vires , there 's really nothing that the litigant or the eu can do . 
  in general , eu law is supreme over constitutions , but if the member state is inclined to resist , it becomes a lot more sublte . 
  if you 're interested , i recommend reading the german bverfg 's lisbon judgment ( https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/entscheidungen/es20090630_2bve000208en.html ) . 
  it explains at length the relationship between the lisbon treaty and the german constitution , explains how the european parliament is a bit of a joke , criticises the lack of democracy in the eu and explains precisely why the eu is not a state . 
  it 's really , really interesting . 
  it 's give and take on both sides , in some circumstances . 
  true , eu law trumps constitutional law , but there are some constitutional principles which national courts have said can not be overridden by eu law . 
  ironically , the german bundesverfassungsgericht has said in a few cases that if eu law violates fundamental constitutional principles like constitutional identity , cultural prerogatives , etc. , the court will declare the eu law ultra vires . 
  that was the case in their review of the maastricht treaty , their review of the lisbon treaty , * honeywell * and more recently * gauweiler and others * . 
  similarly , the czech constitutional court declared some eu to be ultra vires in the slovak pensions saga . 
  they refused to implement a court of justice judgment ( * landtova * ) , declaring that it was illegal and unconstitutional . 
  it seems that whilst in theory , eu law is supreme , there is some give and take , and that the eu wo n't always test supremacy to its limits . 
  the only time the monist/dualist distinction ever means anything is when you 're trying to work out where the supremacy of eu law comes from , and that 's largely an academic debate . 
  the court of justice thinks that the supremacy of eu law was inherent in the treaties , although most countries say that the source of the supremacy is national law . 
  in the uk , for example , the european communities act 1972 gives eu law supremacy , so if we repealed that , eu law would presumably no longer be supreme in the uk . 
  you 're right about the dutch constitution - it means that they accept the supremacy of eu law with no qualifications . 
  i think the luxembourg constitution has a similar provision , and article 23 of the german grundgesetz could arguably be seen as implying a similar thing . 
  it sets out a principle of europarechtsfreundlichskeit and a commitment to participate in the development of the eu etc. 
  in theory , the commission could start an enforcement action against them , but i ca n't see that happening . 
  if every country that has breached eu law in this whole mess is taken to the court of justice , you might as well move council meetings to the court , as every country will be queued up outside . 
  at the moment , i 'm going to vote to leave in 2017 , but it does frustrate me that the uk could be so much more powerful within the eu if we engaged with it properly . 
  aid is n't a winning policy when there 's no crisis directly affecting europe . 
  when , from the perspective of the uk , there 's no obvious difference between a state of affairs where we give aid , and a state of affairs where we do n't , there wo n't be much support . 
  when people are presented with a choice between aid spending or taking in refugees ( which is a false dichotomy , but it seems that countries will do one or the other ) , then i imagine support for aid goes up , as it does n't entail much of a change in circumstances back home , unlike an influx of refugees . 
  not necessarily . 
  take ttip , for example . 
  you can argue over whether it 's right or wrong in principle , but the negotiation of any trade agreement requires secrecy . 
  if you 're completely transparent , you give away your negotiating position and red lines to the other side . 
  right , because that 's exactly what i claimed .
