  there are social and cultural differences between migrants and uk workers which make uk workers more expensive to employ . 
  west london , for example , has a problem with sheds in gardens being converted into slums , effectively , for migrant workers . 
  whilst that could obviously be dealt with through tougher legislation and enforcement of said legislation , for the time being , it means that migrant workers living in such sheds can afford to work for a lower wage because they do n't face such high living costs . 
  on top of that , you have structural differences between eu countries which means that workers from poorer countries with lower average wages for the same type of work are more competitive in the labour market , regardless of laziness or bad attitudes on the part of uk workers . 
  when you have an increase in labour supply without a concomitant increase in labour demand , the equilibrium wage will be depressed . 
  although that should resolve itself in the long term , it 's painful for the native ( for want of a better word ) workers in the short term . 
  that 's why one of the ideas that has been mooted is to only grant freedom of movement to new member states when their economies have improved . 
  i 'm with you on going abroad to university , although you make it sound easier than it is . 
  i do n't think you can see a dutch education in english , for example , as a close substitute for an english one , what with cultural ties , social ties and the fact that universities have links to the surrounding economy and job market ( studying dutch law , for example , is of little use if you have no intention of staying in the netherlands ) . 
  you set out a nice vision in the long term , and i hope it 's realised . 
  you 're also right about going to a trade school . 
  in the uk , far too many people go to university and study worthless degrees , leaving with higher expectations but no improvement in their education . 
  for the record , i 'm for freedom of movement - i think it 's fantastic . 
  it does , however , cause problems , at least in the short-term . 
  this is what annoys me about the uk 's approach to the eu . 
  it 's all about benefits , when most of the reforms we want could be dealt with on a national level by reorganising our benefit system ( which will undoubtedly need reorganising soon , anyway ) . 
  benefit tourism does n't exist , or is trivial . 
  cameron picked up on the issue of child benefit being sent from the uk overseas , which , even if objectionable , only costs about 50 million a year ( i think - i 'd need to check that , but i 'm sure it was around that number ) . 
   then why be a builder ? 
  go to uni and get a degree . 
  is n't uni free for british citizens ? 
  no - it costs 9,000 quid per year , and even though that 's initially paid for with government loans , you have living costs to deal with as well . 
  there are loans and grants to cover living costs , but they do n't cover them in full , particularly if you live in london . 
  i think the issue is the scope of digital rights ireland , rather than whether the invalidation of the data retention directive was correct . 
  the court of appeal has said that it 's not clear whether dri lays down rules applying to all national legislation , or only data retention regimes adopted under the aegis of the now-annulled data retention directive . 
  i can see the argument of the sshd - the data retention directive was annulled on the basis of incompatibility with the eu charter , and that charter only applies when member states are implementing eu law , although fransson seems to have extended that to ` acting in the scope of eu law ' , whatever that means . 
  it does n't follow that dripa can be invalidated on the same basis , so the court of appeal seems to have ( provisionally ) concluded that dri was only setting down rules relating to harmonised eu data retention regimes , although much of the judgment is spent on a textual analysis of the cjeu judgment , rather than on engaging with the substantive law . 
  it 's a good opportunity for the cjeu to clarify the scope of application of the charter , though , as i think fransson and siragusa have n't sufficiently settled the issue . 
  the other question referred is arguably more interesting . 
  the court of appeal asked whether the cjeu intended to expand the effects of articles 7 and 8 cfr beyond the meaning given by article 8 echr . 
  it 's interesting in light of the correspondence between the charter and echr ( especially as the provisions of article 52 of the eu charter seem to contradict one another ) and also for the relationship between the cjeu and ecthr after opinion 2/13 . 
  i cited jackson and the other comments more in response to your hypothetical scenario about killing children and slavery ( i.e. 
  that might trigger judicial rebellion ) but i take your point - there has n't been a trigger yet and so parliament is sovereign within the constitution as currently defined . 
  there 's an interesting jurisprudential argument in there , i.e. 
  does the constitution change when judges say so , or do they merely invoke something which was always there but unexpressed . 
  one point ( glimmer of hope ? ), 
  is that parliamentary sovereignty is effectively limited by political circumstance . 
  i ca n't see the scotland act 1998 , for example , being unilaterally repealed by westminster . 
  there 's also some hope re dripa , in that the court of appeal referred it to the cjeu in november . 
  not sure when the judgment is due , though . 
  i think it 's tied ( or will be tied ) to a swedish reference on the interpretation of digital rights ireland . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  there 's an ( hypothetical , as it 's incredibly unlikely to come to a head ) argument that parliamentary sovereignty is a judicial construct and that the common law recognises some values/principles/rights as so fundamental that , were parliament to legislate contrary to them , the courts would refuse to give effect to the legislation . 
  obviously , i 'm thinking of the obiter comments made by some of the law lords in jackson v a-g , but also more recent observations , e.g. 
  lord hodge in moohan v lord advocate [ 2014 ] , lords neuberger and mance in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) [ 2014 ] , as well as extrajudicial comments , e.g. 
  lord woolf and sir john laws in public law . 
  erasmus is n't separate from the eu . 
  it 's an eu programme run by the commission . 
  no idea . 
  it may be because they ca n't claim asylum until they are on the uk mainland , in the same way that to claim asylum in the eu , you have to be in the eu - there 's no way to claim asylum from outside . 
  or perhaps they do n't want to claim asylum . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'd like to point out that the juxtaposed controls work both ways . 
  the french have dcpaf officers stationed in dover ( and at st. pancras for eurostar trips ) . 
  there could conceivably be a calais-style situation in the uk , with migrants desperate to get into france and the uk bearing the burden . 
  there is n't , and that 's probably because the uk is in in northern europe , is an island and is not in schengen , but those are separate issues from the treaty itself . 
  the agreement gives the same advantages and disadvantages to both countries - the problem arises from other factors . 
  for the record , i recognise that the uk needs to do more . 
  we have a pathological aversion to id cards ( which is odd , given that we do n't seem a fuck about invasions of privacy the rest of the time ) , and we need to crack down on illegal labour . 
  i also recognise that despite the fact that the treaty is fair to both sides ( in theory ) , geography and schengen mean that france bears the burden . 
  you guys have every right to tear up the treaty , and i know that were i in your situation , i would . 
  i have n't been able to find any statistics on how many people have been refused entry to france from the uk , but there have been about 11,000 people refused entry to the uk from france by british border officers in calais and dunkirk . 
  it would be interesting to find out . 
  actually , there is a law . 
  the treaty between the government of the united kingdom and the government of the french republic concerning the implementation of frontier controls at sea ports of both countries on the channel and north sea ( long name , but informally known as the treaty of le touquet ) signed in 2003 established juxtaposed border controls . 
  it moved the uk border to calais , which is why you encounter british border control officers at calais . 
  it means people can be admitted or rejected before reaching uk soil . 
  like it or not , the uk and france came to an agreement . 
  contrary to what u/tu _ 1t_le said above , france owns the mess . 
  are you opposed to the uk joining a potential western union or did you exclude the uk because you think we 'd simply never agree to it ? 
  why is that ? 
  is it because of the relative sizes of france and germany compared to the netherlands , or something more ? 
  i 'm fairly sure i read about a dutch driver who did something similar a few months ago - he realised a bunch of them had broken into his lorry at calais so turned around , drove back into central france , let them out and told them it was england . 
  what 's with the flowers ? 
  i agree its unique , and yes , there is no exact plan as to how far it should go , but surely popular sovereignty demands that some control be exercised over how far it goes ? 
  otherwise it 's like that old saying - give an inch [ of sovereignty ] and he 'll take a yard etc. 
  as it happens , i 'm completely in agreement with you as to what the eu is and how far it should go . 
  this whole ` renegotiation ' is ridiculous , particularly cameron 's focus on eu migrants claiming benefits . 
  it 's smoke and mirrors , as eu migrants claiming benefits is not a sensitive issue , financially or politically . 
  i also feel like he would have been able to secure a deal if he ( and previous governments ) bothered to engage with the eu institutions . 
  show me , then . 
  point to the part of any of the pre-lisbon treaties that states that eu law is supreme , i.e. 
  sovereignty is transferred . 
  it 's not there . 
  the court of justice developed the concept of supremacy and said it was based on the spirit and general wording of the treaties . 
  it was n't foreseeable , particularly to common law countries like the uk and ireland . 
  it never specifically stated handing over sovereignty - the supremacy of eu law was established by the court of justice . 
  it 's not even in the main body of the lisbon treaty - it 's tacked onto the end in declaration 17 . 
  part of the problem people in the uk have with the eu is that it was never made clear what it could , or would , become . 
  you can deny social assistance ( but not jobseeker ) benefits to eu migrants for three months , but no longer . 
  the uk wants to extend this to four years , i think . 
  you can deny benefits entirely if the eu migrant is unemployed and has no intention of looking for a job - that was the result of the dano case by the ecj last year . 
  he 's being mooted as a potential caretaker leader in the event that enough labour mps decide to take down corbyn . 
  article 42 ( 6 ) teu . 
  permanent structured cooperation in defence . 
  northern ireland is n't that old . 
  it makes more sense to measure income by ppp , rather than just giving a salary . 
  if the cost of living in notts is dirt cheap , that might explain a lower average salary . 
  i 'm surprised about notts . 
  20k average salary does n't seem too bad considering things are probably cheaper up there .
