  there are ways to bypass a unanimity requirement ( you use what 's called a passerelle clause ) , but they 're rarely used and not used in controversial areas like this . 
  in the case of asylum policy , article 78 tfeu is the treaty article on which any decision on quotas will be made , and that article requires the ordinary legislative procedure ( which includes qualified majority voting ) to be used . 
  anyway , a qualified majority vote means that the decision will not pass unless 1 ) at least 55 % of member states are in favour , and 2 ) as long as that 55 % or more represents more than 65 % of the population of the eu . 
  there are 28 member states , but given that the uk and denmark have legal opt-outs from eu asylum policy , they would n't participate . 
  that means that 26 member states will vote . 
  55 % of 26 is 14.3 , so in order for the decision to pass , 15 countries need to be in favour . 
  that means that the maximum number of member states that can vote against it and still allow the vote to succeed is 26 - 15 = 11 . 
  so in order to block it , you 'd need at least 12 countries to oppose it . 
  votes can also be blocked by at least four member states if they represent more than 35 % of the population ( this can vary depending on how many member states take part in the vote ) but it 's not relevant here , as the countries in favour of a quota system have relatively big populations ( france , germany , italy , etc. ) . 
  that means that those opposed to a quota system will only be able to block the vote if they get a bunch of smaller member states on their side , or if a big country like france jumps ship . 
  sorry for the long-winded elaboration - decision-making in the eu is a bit complex . 
  if this thing goes to a debate in the council , it 'll probably be taken on the basis of a qualified majority vote . 
  you 'd need 12 countries to vote against it to prevent it from happening , as the uk and denmark would n't participate in the vote . 
  it 's unlikely , but not impossible . 
  there probably would n't be a blocking minority , unfortunately . 
  if the uk and denmark do n't participate , and bulgaria , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , the netherlands , poland and slovakia voted against ( from what i 've read , they 're the ones who 've expressed varying degrees of opposition ) , they 'd still need three more member states to take their side . 
  it might be possible , depending on how romania , ireland , spain etc. 
  felt . 
  this is pretty useful : http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/voting-calculator/, 
  that 's one of the most sensible things i 've read in the past few days . 
  exactly . 
  neither merkel , the commission nor any other pro-quota person has explained what will happen when the quotas have been filled . 
  they know that they 'll just pressure the rest of europe to take even more . 
  what 's really needed is a sanity test to be administered before politicians make decisions . 
  the quota idea is so short-sighted that it borders on lunacy . 
  to be fair , they ca n't really do much until this meeting of interior ministers in brussels on monday . 
  it seems to me that there 's a decent chance of getting quite a few eu countries on board with this though ( netherlands , uk , denmark , hungary , poland , czech republic , slovakia , latvia , estonia , lithuania , romania , bulgaria ) . 
  incentives are n't necessarily ominous . 
  afaik , the australian system works because the australian government pays papua new guinea a hefty chunk of money to deal with it . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  there must be a fair number of poor but safe states in africa which could do with some investment and an influx of young male workers . 
  but it gave them an incentive to try harder to get past the hungarian border , knowing that they would n't be returned . 
  if they knew they 'd be returned , you would n't had those scenes in keleti station with migrants demanding that they be taken to germany . 
  ignoring a problem is n't a solution , you 're right , but she 's exacerbated it . 
  exactly - you ca n't expect to have control of a policy but not responsibility for its costs or effects . 
  the european parliament is toothless , anyhow . 
  it does n't have a say in any system of quotas , nor much else . 
  it 'll be the commission that decides , and if there is any legislation passed , they 'll probably use one of the three special legislative procedures to pass it . 
  that speeds things up , but only gives the parliament a chance to comment . 
  it 'll have nothing like a veto . 
  now the welcoming message is out there , though , i ca n't see it remaining a one-time event . 
  say there is a quota system , what happens when it 's full ? 
  given the incapability of the eu and member states to do anything co-ordinated at the moment anyway , i struggle to believe that we 'll simply secure schengen 's external borders and turn everyone coming via the mediterranean back around . 
  cameron seems to be the only one who is even close to thinking beyond the next month or so . 
  the complete lack of foresight is taking the piss . 
  does the commission really expect that once each country takes a certain amount , that 'll be the end of it ? 
  they 'll keep swarming in and we 'll keep being implored to take more . 
  the uk did take that advice and read the fine print - that 's why we have a legal opt-out from any mandatory distribution of migrants . 
  also , what determines a fair share ? 
  the uk is the second largest contributor of aid to the camps around syria after the us . 
  taking refugees might not be the best way to deal with the situation . 
  sure , we agree to take 10,000 refugees . 
  what then ? 
  what happens when more try to cross the mediterranean ? 
  do n't tell me that once the quotas have been reached europe will turn everyone else away . 
  the uk and the visegrad group seem to be the only ones who are n't thinking in short-term gesture politics or virtue signalling . 
  is there any serious political opposition to this in germany ? 
  will there come a point where merkel has pissed away all of her political capital and has fucked herself for the next round of elections ? 
  how about returning them to libya or paying an african country to take them in ? 
  australia tows the boats to papua new guinea and processes them there , making clear that no-one who gets to australia illegally will stay . 
  they 've had no migrant deaths at sea since 2013 . 
  to be fair , i think cameron realises that abolishing free movement is a big ask . 
  what the government has been suggesting recently is a longer period ( about four years ) before eu migrants can claim benefits in this country . 
  that seems reasonable . 
  at the moment , they can claim benefits after three months in the uk , after which we have to give them the same level of benefits as our own citizens due to the principle of non-discrimination . 
  even that proposal has been met with outright refusal , though ( particularly from poland ) . 
  i do n't think the institutional problems within the eu come from an unwillingness to cede sovereignty . 
  it 's more that what sovereignty has been ceded has n't been pooled very effectively . 
  take schengen and the euro - schengen ca n't work without a common immigration policy , whilst the euro required an initial fiscal union as its basis . 
  in both cases , the cart was put before the horse and the problems are emerging . 
  that 's where the distrust comes from , i think . 
   of course it wo n't solve any of the problems uk attributes to the eu ( first of all the migrants ' issue ) but that 's another story . 
  i did n't say it would . 
  all i said is that it confirms the institutional weakness of the eu that a lot of us suspected . 
  that said , i agree with you that it is better for everyone if the uk leaves . 
  we 've never been comfortable with the direction of european integration and the idea of a two-speed europe has n't been well-received on the continent , either . 
  there 's no denying that he has an uphill struggle , but it 's the fact that other member states simply refuse to even consider a request for change . 
  the uk is one of the few net contributors to the eu budget , yet a lot of us feel that we have no clout whatsoever ( take the ` election ' of juncker as ec president , for example ) . 
  before we get to the negotiating table we 're told that anything involving treaty change is a no-no , leaving a bit of tinkering with secondary legislation as the only thing we can come away with . 
  if we 're still in the eu come the next round of treaty change ( probably around 2019 ) , i hope the uk government holds the toes of other member states to the fire . 
  that 's a false dichotomy - as long as we 're in the eu , we 'll never have full national sovereignty , regardless of how strong or weak the leadership of the eu is . 
  by joining the eu , member states limit their sovereignty within certain fields . 
  as for the uk , i do n't think we 'll vote to leave based on this migrant issue alone , although unless there 's a massive change within the next six months i 'm pretty confident that we 'll leave . 
  it 's more that the migrant issue has confirmed how sclerotic the eu is . 
  we look at it 's institutions and think that they just do n't work . 
  look how little power the european parliament has , or how the commission , which is the real centre of power , is entirely unelected . 
  take the seat of the european parliament - it has two seats , one in brussels and one in strasbourg and even though the costs of traipsing back and forth are ridiculous , the french refuse to give up the strasbourg seat . 
  it 's things like that which contribute to the sense of the whole thing being a shambles and us not getting much out of it . 
  that 's an appeal to authority and fallacious . 
  which home secretary ? 
  i did n't pretend to know everything , i asked you to substantiate your baseless claim . 
  your original point was clearly about the number of refugees coming to the uk post-brexit . 
  if it was n't , enlighten me . 
  at a stretch , you could argue that we 'd get the same amount of refugees , but i do n't see what makes you think we 'd get more . 
  we could do more , but it 's politically difficult . 
  we were reluctant to criticise france over the calais situation because there is the risk that they would tear up the treaty of le touquet , which places the uk border in calais . 
  those juxtaposed controls are , along with the channel itself , one of the best defences against illegal immigration from continental europe . 
  the guy seems alright to me . 
  what 's your objection to him ? 
  i 'm with you on that - i have n't been impressed with the tories ' approach to civil liberty .
