  it 's a shame david davis threw away any chance of a government position when he forced that by-election . 
  may is n't as bad as cameron . 
  remember a few months ago when he said that for too long we have said ` as long as you obey the law , we will leave you alone . ', 
  that was chilling . 
  i do n't mind her . 
  ca n't stand boris though , and i think he 'd do a worse job than may . 
  he manages to get away with it at the moment , but the love child and other revelations would come to the fore if he tried to become pm . 
  did you ever see that interview with eddie mair ? 
  thanks - i laughed out loud at that assessment . 
  she seems reasonably competent , steely and quite right wing , and i like that . 
  she 's lasted a long time in the home office ( longest tenure of any home secretary since butler in the 50s ) , and the home office is widely regarded as a political graveyard - something will always fuck up . 
  she 's managed to keep the fuckups fairly contained . 
  thanks . 
  valls is always compared to tony blair whenever he 's mentioned in the uk media ( presumably meaning that he 's on the right of his left-wing party , rather than a warmonger ) but i 'm not sure how accurate that is . 
  the only time he 's been mentioned in the uk media recently was last week when he was sweating uncontrollably at a speech . 
  is sarkozy going to stand for les r\u00e9publicains ? 
  i remember there was something about him being investigated for corruption but it 's gone quiet since . 
  thankfully boris is n't as popular amongst mps as he likes to think he is . 
  i think it 'll be osborne or may . 
  probably osborne , as he 's managed to stuff the government department with more of his lackeys . 
  i think the key thing is the greek crisis . 
  it was interesting reading the division in the guardian comments when that was going on . 
  you would have thought they 'd be really pro-eu and internationalist but it caused a massive split . 
  quite a few of my left-wing friends were solid europhiles but have now adopted an anti-capitalist , anti-corporatist euroscepticism as a result of that . 
  i 'd like to leave the eu ( unless it reforms massively , which is incredibly unlikely ) and i think that if we do vote to leave , it 'll be down to disillusioned left-wingers . 
  i can see why people are attracted to corbyn - he seems human . 
  i 'm sure the main reason he 's winning is because the others are utterly uninspiring . 
  andy burnham was the early frontrunner , but has the spine of a windsock . 
  ` labour should not abstain from the welfare bill ' . 
  guess who then abstained from the welfare bill ? 
  depends who follows cameron as tory leader . 
  if boris johnson becomes leader ( which i doubt - he does n't have as much support amongst mps as he likes to think ) , i definitely wo n't vote for them , but i quite like theresa may so could vote for her . 
  i normally vote tory but ca n't get on with their current opposition to grammar schools and their refusal to admit that their target of reducing net migration was never going to happen . 
  i do n't see ukip evolving into anything more than a eurosceptic vehicle either , though . 
  what 's valls like as a potential presidential candidate , and how is he viewed in france ? 
  i read a few articles which seemed pretty favourable , but that was back when he was interior minister and i have no idea how he 's viewed amongst the french , or how his record as prime minister has been . 
  do they actually check ? 
  that sounds far more rigorous than anything i 've heard of in the uk . 
  yeah , i 'd heard that most of the balkans applicants get declined and that most eu countries want to list the balkans as countries of safe origin to deport them more easily . 
  maybe my suspicion is just a result of what the media reports ( or does n't report ) . 
  exactly . 
  i think most people would be comfortable taking a share of refugees if they knew that after that , there would be no more . 
  the problem is that most people ( except politicians , it seems ) also realise that once that lot have been taken in , more will come and there will be pressure to take them , too . 
  the * only * way i can see any sort of pan-eu consensus on refugee/migrant quotas is if its coupled with a credible commitment not to take in any more . 
  that burden is then transferred to the schengen area , and then places like hungary get criticised for actually trying to enforce eu law . 
  immigration policy is the prerogative of the border countries , but once you get into the schengen area , you have to have valid eu citizenship to pass from country to country . 
  these migrants do n't have that , yet merkel has essentially said ` fuck it , come anyway ' . 
  how are they distinguishing economic migrants ? 
  it might just be the way that the media has reported it , but the impression i get is that merkel is allowing anyone who simply claims to be syrian to stay . 
  the problem with the quota system is that there would be an incentive on the part of the other member states to give these people nationality . 
  if you have nationality in one eu country , you have the right to move , live , work and claim benefits in every other eu country . 
  romania , for example , would have an incentive to give their assignment of refugees/migrants nationality because they know they 'll then go to germany . 
  that 's why a quota system does n't make sense . 
  i ca n't see any way that a quota system can be reconciled with a ) merkel 's weird position b ) schengen and c ) free movement law . 
  plus bavaria requested italy to temporarily suspend schengen . 
  i ca n't work out what germany 's game is . 
  to travel around the schengen area you still need a valid residence permit from one of the schengen member states . 
  border controls have been abolished , but police can still check whether you have valid id documents within the country itself . 
  nobody is disputing it , but no-one in authority seems to be trying to make the distinction between economic migrants and refugees , either . 
  not caused , but undoubtedly exacerbated . 
  it 's undoubtedly a german probem . 
  the german government seems to act without any consideration of the impact that their open-door policy has on countries that migrants have to pass through to get there . 
  for those countries which only one type of residency , you 're right - citizenship is lengthy and costly . 
  i should have made clear that i was referring to other types of residency , such as nationality . 
  in the uk , for example , there are six types of british nationality . 
  british citizen is one . 
  there is also british overseas citizen , and four others ( i ca n't remember what they are ) . 
  i do n't know anything about the nationality laws of member states other than the uk , but in general , it 's easier to get nationality than it is to get citizenship . 
  article 21 tfeu grants eu citizenship and the right of free movement to any * national * of a member state , not just to its citizens . 
  of course , if the member state just makes a simple distinction between citizens and aliens , it 's not a problem , but if there are several types of nationality like there are in the uk , it means free movement rights are granted to a wider range of people , such as refugees who have been assigned to the country under a quota system . 
   here , i do n't follow . 
  whether this is the case or not , is only relevant in a discussion on whether they should or should n't be allowed to do so . 
  that 's another conversation . 
  that was just in response to what you said about someone moving from their assigned member state to germany but then not being able to claim benefits , but it 's largely irrelevant . 
  my point was that one of the preconditions for moving to another member state if you 're not a worker is having sufficient resources ( it 's in article 7 of directive 2004/38 ) , but that it 's not a restrictive test at all and that as a result , a refugee who moved to germany and claimed benefits ( which they can do , generally ) might be regarded as having sufficient resources and would be allowed to stay ( that 's the result of the * brey * case i mentioned earlier ) . 
  but yeah , it 's not hugely important . 
  of course , we 're both assuming that eu free movement law will actually be applied . 
  the last few weeks suggest otherwise ... 
  it depends upon how the member state to which the person had been assigned granted residency . 
  i think it would still be a problem . 
   they may prefer to have germany as their host country , but if it is n't their host , is it worth going to germany having no right to work legally , no social benefits , no housing , nothing ? 
  they would have all of those rights , if the host country decided to make them a national . 
  articles 20 and 21 tfeu grant the status of ` union citizen ' to any national of a member state . 
  the court of justice has confirmed that this gives ` union citizens ' a right to move and reside freely in any other member state . 
  there are a few limitations , but they 're pretty weak . 
  the court of justice has also said that if the person can show they are looking for a job ( i.e. 
  they do not have to be employed before they move ) and have a ` reasonable chance of being engaged ' , then they can legally stay in the other member state . 
  alternatively , they can legally stay if they have sufficient resources to ` not become a burden on the social assistance system of the host member state . ', 
  one would think that refugees would n't have sufficient resources , but check out a recent case called * brey * ( case c-140 / 12 ) . 
  it said that granting benefits does n't necessarily constitute an unreasonable burden on the social assistance system of the host member state . 
  the case concerned economically inactive migrants and the implication is that one can move to , and legally remain in , another member state , despite being unemployed and claiming benefits . 
  generally , one can move to another member state and claim exactly the same benefits as a citizen of that member state ( although not within the first three months , and as long as the benefit in question is not a labour market benefit like a jobseeker 's allowance ) under the principle of non-discrimination . 
  sorry for the long-winded explanation - i got a bit carried away . 
  in short , i think it would depend on the type of residency granted by the original member state . 
  legally , the quality of life * could n't * be objectively worse in germany ( unless the benefits system that applies to german citizens is less generous than the original member state 's benefits system ) , so there would still be an incentive for the host member state to grant residency/nationality etc. , knowing that they would relocate . 
  what you said about security sounds completely reasonable . 
  one question , though - how does a centralised assignment of refugees coexist with schengen ? 
  would n't there be an incentive for governments to grant their assignment of people residency , allowing them to move around the schengen area because they know they want to get to some countries ( e.g. 
  germany ) more than others ? 
  yeah , i ca n't see it happening either , but from the way the legislation is drafted , the possibility is there .
