  the point is that the uk has said all along ( and has been castigated for doing so ) that the right strategy in the long term is funding camps in the area , rather than encouraging people to try to get to europe . 
  that seems to be something which other countries are only just realising . 
   germany and europe should put together an emergency aid package of $ 1.5 billion for food , shelter and , above all , schools for the largest refugee camps . 
  you mean like the uk has been saying and doing all along ? 
  or someone who pays a regular amount in return for food and lodging . 
  equally ironic , i guess . 
  technically , the uk , ireland and denmark all have opt-ins . 
  asylum policy is within title v , part 3 ( area of freedom , security and justice ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union and the uk , ireland and denmark have opt-ins , so if they want to participate , they can , otherwise legislation in that area simply does n't apply to those countries . 
  if they want to opt in , they have to notify the president of the council ( currently luxembourg ) within three months of the commission publishing a proposal for new legislation in that area . 
  and yeah , if you opt out ( or do n't opt in ) , you do n't get a vote . 
  it 's not clear whether qmv will be used or not . 
  the legal basis for the commission 's quota proposal is article 78 tfeu which gives the eu the power to create a common asylum policy . 
  acts under article 78 tfeu require the ordinary legislative procedure ( which entails qmv ) , but the quota system is based on article 78 ( 3 ) , which says :  in the event of one or more member states being confronted by an emergency situation characterised by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries , the council , on a proposal from the commission , may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the member state ( s ) concerned . 
  it shall act after consulting the european parliament . 
  if it required use of the ordinary legislative procedure ( and thus qmv ) , there would n't be the bit at the end about how any system under 78 ( 3 ) is to be adopted . 
  it also says that the measures have to be provisional . 
  if the system is to be binding and permanent , it would have to be adopted under 78 ( 2 ) tfeu , which requires the ordinary legislative procedure and qmv . 
  78 ( 3 ) has never been legally tested before , so it 's not clear how it would work . 
  i completely agree , but / u/cbfw86 was talking about a farm . 
  half of scotland , the lake district , cumbria , etc. 
  they do . 
  the eu does n't , though . 
  the point is that the uk and france decide what to do with their nukes . 
  the eu has no say whatsoever . 
   last time i checked , ** the eu ** did n't have a spare pile of nukes knocking around . 
  no nuclear weapons are under the control of the eu . 
  if the uk or france wants to go and nuke something , they can . 
  the eu ca n't . 
  i agree - i was just repeating what the legislation stated . 
  it 's hard enough to define libya in the first place . 
  we 'd have to decide which of their two governments to ask . 
  no it does n't . 
  any nukes within the eu belong to the uk , france or the us under the nato nuke-sharing agreement . 
  the nuke command and control structures are entirely within the hands of individual countries . 
  the eu has a limited military capability ( anti-piracy stuff in the gulf of aden , rescue operations in the mediterranean , etc. 
  there 'd be one hell of a transition period , undoubtedly . 
  i just do n't know if eu law as it stands today would be relevant to uk-eu negotiations that would take place if we were to leave . 
  i imagine one of the first things we 'd do would be to get rid of the european communities act 1972 which gives eu law legal force ( and supremacy ) in the uk . 
  i probably exaggerated a bit - there 'd still be uk companies which want to do business on the continent , and they 'd have to comply with eu competition law , for example . 
  london would still be a legal hub , and we 'd have to deal with eu law if we wanted to participate in a joint eu military venture . 
  a lot of other eu law would cease to have any relevance , though . 
  last time i checked , the eu did n't have a spare pile of nukes knocking around . 
  i remember during the riots in london a couple of years ago , the sikhs mobilised and went out to guard their temples , houses and local businesses . 
  got a bunch of swords , hockey sticks , snooker cues , etc. 
  and were prepared to knock the shit out of any scrote who tried to trash the area . 
  the eu has the capability ( and legal basis ) to do this . 
  there 's an eu naval taskforce called eunavfor med consisting of three operational stages . 
  it 's in its first stage at the moment ( surveillance of trafficking networks ) , but its second phase is search and seizure of boats and its third stage is destruction of boats and trafficking materiel on the libyan coast . 
  for that , though , it requires consent from libya and a unsc mandate . 
  i need to go to the south . 
  i 've been to berlin a few times and thought it had a really good vibe . 
  everything just seemed to work , if you know what i mean . 
  thanks - you too . 
  i 'm actually not that worried , as i always planned to become an mp after a decade or so of doing law . 
  the referendum might just make that happen a bit earlier than expected . 
  i 'll take it as it comes . 
  yeah , although most barristers in the uk do n't exclusively practice eu law . 
  it 's often mixed with domestic public law . 
  it depends on the area of eu law , to be honest . 
  eu competition law is a bit more commercial . 
  i like belgium for the beer and the trains , although you could say that about germany , too . 
  there 'd be quite a few eu law jobs with the european commission in belgium , although i might have to retrain as a solicitor - i 'm on the barrister path at the moment and it 's not as readily transferable . 
  there are a few jobs with the court of justice in luxembourg , too . 
  the eu can actually sink the boats and destroy trafficking-related equipment , both after removing migrants from them and on the shores of libya before they 're used . 
  it 's the third phase of an eu naval taskforce called eunavfor med . 
  iirc , it 's about to move into its second phase ( search and seizure ) . 
  it could go either way at the moment , although the outcome will probably become clear if/when this migrant thing is sorted out . 
  i 'd probably move to belgium , france or germany . 
  berlin is a fantastic city . 
  depends on whether my qualifications could be transferred . 
  cheers , although if the uk leaves the eu , i might be out of a job pretty quickly . 
  i quite enjoy it . 
  says a lot , really . 
  once i qualify i can start charging for this shit . 
  nah , not yet anyway . 
  at the moment i 'm just a sad bastard who takes an unhealthy interest in eu law . 
  there are loads of misconceptions about eu law so i might as well contribute what i can to clearing them up . 
  it 's thirty days , but it can be renewed or extended if the threat is ongoing . 
  it 's explained in chapter ii of regulation 562/2006 ( the schengen borders code ) . 
  the following is from article 23 :  1 . 
  where there is a serious threat to public policy or internal security , a member state may exceptionally reintroduce border control at its internal borders for a limited period of no more than 30 days or for the foreseeable duration of the serious threat if its duration exceeds the period of 30 days , in accordance with the procedure laid down in article 24 or , in urgent cases , with that laid down in article 25 . 
  the scope and duration of the temporary reintroduction of border control at internal borders shall not exceed what is strictly necessary to respond to the serious threat . 
  if the serious threat to public policy or internal security persists beyond the period provided for in paragraph 1 , the member state may prolong border control on the same grounds as those referred to in paragraph 1 and , taking into account any new elements , for renewable periods of up to 30 days , in accordance with the procedure laid down in article 26 . 
  it 's still to blame for exacerbating the issue . 
  think of those who set up camp outside keleti station in budapest . 
  do you think they 'd have made such an effort to get into germany if they knew they 'd be swiftly returned to hungary , turkey or greece once they were over ? 
  i 'm really not sure - there 's only one mechanism that i 'm aware of that can be used to fine member states , and i ca n't see how it would apply . 
  under article 7 teu ( one of the two eu treaties ) , the council of the european union can , after a qualified majority vote , fine member states for breaching the values set out in article 2 teu . 
  those values , though , are things like freedom , democracy , the rule of law , etc. 
  and i ca n't see how refusing to accept refugees breaches any of those . 
  the article 7 procedure has never been used before , either . 
  there was talk of using it against hungary a couple of years ago , but it never materialised . 
  if there is some sort of fine , there 'll undoubtedly be a legal challenge in the court of justice . 
  there might be another mechanism to fine member states . 
  i 'm not familiar with every provision of the eu treaties ( they 're massive ) so may have missed something . 
  edit : changed european council to council of the european union, 
  votes in the council of the european union are based on one of several voting procedures - qualified majority and unanimity are the main ones . 
  there are a few others , but they 're only used in limited circumstances and are modifications of a qualified majority vote . 
  which voting system is used is usually stipulated in the two eu treaties . 
  some treaty articles referring to social security , for example , require unanimity .
