  the public parks are still holding their places , though no public events in the forseeable future because the city is still better for spring-summer stuff . 
  anything else not society related , infrastucture improvements are on the line . 
  one of them is collecting rainwater ( underground pipes iirc ) and that 's exciting if you 've ever had to jump across ponds on roads . 
  ( more asphalt destruction yay ! ), 
  the bazaar is getting an underground parking lot , handy for lightening the density of the bazaar and lovely for the two-way road which was being invaded by `` offshoots '' of the bazaar . 
  ( these are early-time plans for now and just got funded by manisa ) not much going on and to look forward to currently . 
  lots of construction as usual , though it 's mainly under the railway in mithatpa\u015fa and other neighbourhoods . 
  the public transport has been changed , now you need electronic ids to get a ride ( if you do n't have them a one way charge is 2.5 or something along those lines ) they 're supplied by manisa , so if you were in manisa and had one blue card it counts here too i guess . 
  and well , the cold . 
  you never have enough concrete castle & snowy mountain effects here . 
  kinda near yeah , in a ~ 10 minute walking distance radius to the hospital . 
  up or down the railway ? 
  oh dang , which part of the city ? 
  i 've become very familiar with the bar\u0131\u015f - \u00c7\u0131narl\u0131 route ( the long bus rides tho am i right ) so maybe i can supplement you with news on top of old memories it 's still a quiet and cozy place in my opinion, 
  it 's just interesiting to see how thin we weave our thread . 
  the need of precise positions worry me , it could break down so easily . 
  we just ca n't fucking stop . 
  fuck this place , i want to get off this wild ride ruining my life, 
  wait why are you suggesting me to go to turkey rather than staying in turkey ? 
  well going by math -- turkey = anywhere but turkey, 
  now i have a goal : get out as soon as possible when you graduate from high school . 
  guess we were too busy to do that in an earlier time . 
  it 's 1 % in turkey , wow . 
  it was the `` western '' and `` modern '' language to learn just ~ 3 centuries ago in ottoman empire . 
  it 's amazing how french fell in popularity in such a place like that . 
  ... that 's how thanksgiving is celebrated ? 
  what does `` bird hazard '' mean ? 
  hope we do n't invent immortality until +2030, 
  recycling is encouraged and practiced but the bigger reason we 're down there is because of dumps every city has is what i 'm guessing . 
  there will be a long time until they are sorted and recycled . 
  ... uhh we 're getting there . 
  now do n't step on some twigs you 'll wake them up, 
  huh ? 
  it is a geographically correct term to apply on a * non-homogenous * location . 
  another detail , naxcivan is no more ? 
  having latin ( based ) , cyrillic and caucasian alphabets seem to do the job on a general level . 
  aha , so that 's where the difference comes from !, 
  my first drink was linden tea as a baby . 
  not water or anythin ' , good ol' herbal tea . 
  checks out . 
  tbh the most ottoman erdogan can be is that if he becomes a powerful prime minister of the treasury & installing an ottoman family member as a figure ha can influence the people through . 
  ( a la the english government ) it 's obvious he wo n't do * such * thing * that * way . 
  wait , so you 're telling me that you did n't expect them overblowing the situation ? 
  newbie mistake i guess / s, 
   gee wiz thank the heavens i read the 1984 this spring , it 's totally unrelated to the real life / s, 
  ` tis the italian way / s : ' , 
  this is the same for us . 
  we call these `` alaturka '' ( straight up a la turca ) and the `` throne '' variant is called `` alafranka '' ( a la franca ) you can see how turkish was influenced by french when ottomans were all friends with them and such . 
  could you at least not copy paste the sourced numbers in brackets ( the [ ## ] parts ) which are probably from wikipedia ? 
  you are yourself showing disrespect to the subject at hand by low effort copypastas . 
  interesting . 
  i know mediterranean has the oil but i 've never heard of the aegean having its fair share of it . 
  i 've always found the aegean minor plate to be a younger/more sunken anatolian minor plate and expected similarities about what it would hold . 
  now , granted being mostly submerged and all can make a difference . 
  the only oil in aegean is olive oil though , 
  hopefully . 
  that fella be sweating my back these days, 
  \u0130zmir and bodrum ( aegan coast provinces ) succumbed to forest fire . 
  we 've been burning under the temperatures like 40 + \u00b0 c can any greekbros tell how 's the weather there ? 
  think about it , both kayser-i rum and the magnificent died without fulfilling their dreams . 
  is there a `` turkish leadership syndrome/recurrence '' theory ? 
  which reminds me of those `` filters . '', 
  except this is man-made . 
  i 'm more of a `` the hellas & fellas ^ tm '' guy but okay . 
  i ca n't imagine my granpa 's feelings honestly . 
  he was born in '34 and saw it all . 
  although , even after all that wild change ; he is still himself , close to his beliefs , secular to heart . 
  i would point at him if i was asked to show an example of ataturk 's turkish people . 
  it is true old age had taken its toll on him yes , but i still find myself listening to his memories . 
  i would study that man and write a book , man . 
  damn . 
  i 'm kinda scared of passage of time now . 
  thank you for pointing me towards the book , i 'll try to make good use of this and have a read . 
  so far i 'm in agreement with you . 
  it makes me happy that i was able to talk about this in a very leveled exchange . 
  this is just what i want to dive into these topics early in life , maybe i 'll find an use for them . 
  learning these just feels . . satisfying . 
  anyhow , thanks . 
  i definitely will try to see the world with these thoughts in mind . 
  -- and yes , i would n't call this an argument since i have n't made any counter arguments to what you had been telling . 
  so , apologies if you were looking for such thing . 
  just think of this as a curious guy snatched a valuable lesson on the net . 
  thanks and respect , you sound like a nice person , have a nice day !, 
  first of all , thank you for writing down a well put reply . 
  i 've grown to enjoy these kinds of talks recently , they give me a reason to think more and be emphatic about how anyone else thinks . 
  -- you have a very right reason why this could derail . 
  it 's quite elastic , as in exploitable . 
  ( this is why i had put down a sentence adressing my still maturing thoughts , i ca n't consider every case and scenario . 
  thank you for giving this answer . 
  respect . ), 
  it 's vulnerability makes it go a circle and become the problem itself why the society has unrest . 
  i 've never considered it being a very ( koyu bir \u015fekilde ) enforced law whose job is to protect the public . 
  for example , when laicite came into the constitution , individual declaration of irreligiousness/non-islamic beliefs were not a thing public had * tolerance * for . 
  it was essentially protecting the * individual * . 
  ( i agree with you here , you wrote down about this being one of the purposes of human rights . ), 
  i would like to simile a reason why i had this in my mind : `` if you 're howling , you are ensured to not get bitten . '', 
  sounds how the human rights protect the individual from the enraged public . 
  my idea however sounds like `` you ought to not howl if you are ensured to not be bitten anyway . '', 
  one relies on how a person can act out in real life , outside and the other relies on the many , a much harder to predict element . 
  we 're emotional beings , one can easily justify an enragement against an outrage while another ca n't and wo n't .
