the view is worth it , i guess ? 
  even my city , salihli , a somewhat small city is scared of these bombings . 
  just today , at around 8 am , i was a policeman record footage of a black plastic bag ( bomb ? ) . 
  paranoid ? 
  maybe . 
  rightly so ? 
  yup . 
  feels like lawyer is trying to succeed in this imo . 
  one child offended enough and one lawyer ready to do crazy things equals you might put your mother in jail because she threw a slipper at you . 
  this is like the first time i 've ever seen such thing , really an unusual case . 
  lots of interactivity too . 
  one might say it 's like a game ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / r/outside, 
  spreading ideologies really is down to the imam in islam . 
  they did right of expelling the imam if he was promoting such ideas imo . 
  beautiful humans ? 
  i 've got a question : how much of an effect does being tiny have in preserving the environment ? 
  like , less work to do kind of thing ? 
  is that noticeable compared to other countries with more land and similarly preserved environment ? 
  adults do use bikes , no doubt on that . 
  i 'm talking mostly of my surroundings as a highschooler . 
  * to continue the sarcasm * blasphemy !, 
  one hour old post one comment i could n't see . 
  figured something along the lines of a shadowbanned user . 
  seems good now though e : one one do n't make a grammatically correct sentence, 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  cycling women have never been frowned upon in where i am . 
  then again i 'm in a western city very close to \u0130zmir . 
  one comment but nothing to display . 
  ( to me at least ) shadowban ? 
  that tolerance was what allowed ottomans to expand their land . 
  `` you can carry on with your life but you must remember what empire you 're in . 
  we totally want to have you integrated tho '' kind of stance you know not knowledgeable about the tolerance from turkic ethnicities historically but even the old religion , tengriism commands one to accept other beliefs of the faithful , then goes on to talk about how humanity has not been fully enlightened and it is ok to believe in whatever , but tengri is always looking at us , or something along those lines . 
  i wonder if this has any relation to decline in turkish tourism . 
  perhaps people still want to see the islands in some way ? 
  it 's ok , you kinda develop a sensitive nerve to false portraying of your country if things are controversial so sometimes satire flies over the radar . 
  i apologize for a serious reply . 
  a solid evidence of a real coup suggests a structured opposition to the government , you can see why they wo n't tell further than a scapegoat, 
  it 's not really news . 
  i heard of this some weeks ago in / r/turkey , how does today 's announcement-of-sorts be the real thing ? 
  huh , i guess it 's because media coverage in europe did n't catch it quickly . 
  i feel a need to giggle to this . 
  there is n't much here that bring the population together else than borders and systems . 
  ( you could argue how one of the systems h in place is sharia but that is n't what i 'm trying to say ) otherwise you are saying there is no diversity in mindsets which would act differently to sharia . 
  that big of a generalization is a rude act to any country in our times . 
  ( maybe i got butthurt unconsciously ), 
  congrats to the winners on another note why is the upvote percentage looking low for a post like this ? 
  do n't jinx it pls your country has been in peace for ~ 20 days in a row do n't wan na erease that ^ ^ ^ ^ iknowthenumberisntaccurate, 
  no real translation , it 's a brand name . 
  though you can say the rough word translation , which is round/ball ( shaped ) cake . 
  the moment when you want to see aliens and talk with them but you ca n't even really understand what 's happening a few thousand kilometers away . 
  obligatory this is why aliens do n't visit us reply ... 
  wow , this vid was surprisingly neutral . 
  i could n't detect any con - or pro- ( `` new '' ) turkey writing . 
  that being said , i can go back to worrying about my future because mr prez has been changing his facebook friends list , and it just bums me out . 
  for turkey a second wind comes vile , and brings forth unforeseen circumstances . 
  i 'm getting a sense of deja vu here did n't this exact comment chain happen in past what the fuck, 
  erdo\u011fan : rendering any kind of opposition ineffective . 
  the real headline . 
  i 'm tired of all , any move he makes . 
  my patriotism died off indirectly by him . 
  ( changing the country 's appearance to such shite that foreigners can easily talk crap about it , making my feelings towards my country turn to something like befriending a bastard child that no one likes . ), 
  the unhappiness is real in me . 
  soo . . he 's going to mobilize against a non-existent thing ? 
  then he wo n't mobilize at all ? 
  i want to get off mr. president 's wild ride, 
  keks were had, 
  problem ~ ~ fixed ~ ~ halted ? 
  well , the cat 's late to the job for [ about 1900 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/library_of_celsus ) years . 
  what would you expect ? 
  i agree . 
  i just hope a generation in the future does n't go though this `` unsettling of dust '' phase-thing . 
  distrusting learnt subjects until proven useful/useless is not what i 'm worried about though . 
  you see , students already * just hold onto * the knowledge they learn , but shifting the education system midway ( to me personally ) is something i do n't like . 
  how can i be sure of this ? 
  well , i 'm the student who worked his arse to a what would be a now-obsolete graduation exam . 
  the `` sbs '' is what i 'm talking about . 
  teog just replaced the sbs and a generation of students went in `` blind '' to a new format . 
  it 's sort of a ptsd i guess . 
  though the new system they 're prepearing will be tested this year with miniscule amounts , the fully fledged thing will probably my `` meal '' first . 
  at least they learned how bad it was to just install a new system from teog , a quite big for what it should be parts of the exam was cancelled/declared ineffective ; making some unhappy about the situation . 
  i wonder what i 'll see in 12th grade , or rather , what the flying frog i 'll see on graduation exams . 
  if that ever happens though , it would show that turks could cooperate with west . 
  do you think erdogan would let that happen ? 
  bol sab\u0131r to you though my friend, 
  the turkish gullibility test that goes as '' ( have you heard ? ), 
  a ship 's sunk in ankara ! '', 
  must have been the byproduct of that night . 
  i wonder how many times this was asked to the guy who came up with ancyra . 
  all things aside , revising a 20 year old trade deal is fine with me . 
  that would fit better imo because of the boron meme in correlation to gold of smaug, 
  daily sabah ( branch of sabah , pro-government newspaper ) is just dismissed by many turks on reddit if my experience is anything to go by . 
  though you ca n't be fucking sure if they 're telling lies or not because media coverage of things here ( and some people 's reaction to seeing one news for the second or more times ) is shite in my opinion . 
  a variant of cyka / s, 
  someone should ask / r/memeeconomy if buying stocks of this is worth it . 
  yea i usually refer to bell pepper stuffed with rice-meat-other and capped off with a slice of tomato as dolma . 
  it 's kind of common to see both words used interchangeably . 
  ooh , nice tactic . 
  mind if we steal that ? 
  * no bad intentions are in our plan tho * / s, 
  not much for outdoor activities but there 's been a rise in ( internet/normal ) caf\u00e9s so there 's that if you 're a social guy .
