mostly logical . 
  there is military super power next to us and we have 1300km border with russia . 
  russia doesnt want us to join nato and all nato exercises are small steps toward that . 
  russia wants to know our reaction times to planes . 
  they just test us when we have nato training 's to point out that russia doesnt like that . 
  nothing really worrying . 
  i would start to worry when whole russian fleet comes to baltic and they start to move troops to st.petersburg :d, 
  yeah every time there is nato exercise in finnish area russia does something , some times they just move s400 units around enought to nato intel get it sometimes they test reaction times or sail some ships from north to baltic ... 
  this is why russia isnt happy about sweden and finnish nato trainings . 
  we dont have nukes but us/uk have . 
  worst case scenario for russia is that us could use finnish air field with nuclear weapons . 
  in estonia there arent many places that can be defendet well enought to place nukes but finland and sweden are much bigger countries and sweden is protected by sea . 
  overall russia wanted to test sweden reaction times but doesnt really like cruise missile trainings in sweden and finland . 
  / u/parkitson have totaly right point . 
  russia is testing our air defence times all the time . 
  this time they used fast flying heavy bombers . 
  fact is that sweden didnt have any pilots to operate their fighters and nato troops tried to react . 
  but there was no time to do anything to defend sweden . 
  yeah was just trying to point out that russia does n't want non-nato countries to practice with us/uk , with systems that can carry us nukes to st.petersburg . 
  sweden , norway and finland were hosting nato exercise called arctic challenge . 
  they were training to use jassm-er missiles in sweden . 
  and russia wanted to show of some power because of nato planes were training with sweden and finland . 
  `` simulated nuclear attack '' means in this case that they flew a heavy bomber to 30km away from swedish border . 
  basicly you could call every single nato exercise within 800 km of russia with f-16 or any newer fighter a nuclear exercise since they can use nukes . 
  edit jassm-er is cruise missile with range over 900km . 
  and it should be able to carry nuclear warhead , thats why russia isnt really happy when people train with those near by . 
  there is 2 videos at yle areena and only one of them is censored . 
  and yle live feed was fine . 
  no idea why to fuck it up at this point . 
  there were 2 videos at yle areena . 
  only 1 of them was missing audio . 
  and yle 's live cast did not have any audio problems so it really looks bad for yle . 
  and the point where audio is lost just make 's it look really bad for yle . 
  edit this is just copy from op . 
  this is the missing part last word that is heard is however however , in practice this means that anyone who knows how to pronounce the word `` asylum '' can enter europe and finland ; in essence , use of the word grants a kind of subjective right to cross the border . 
  without any good grounds whatsoever , an arrival is entitled to an evaluation lasting years and can then , if not qualifying for asylum , avoid enforcement of the subsequent decision and remain where he or she arrived under false pretences . 
  yeah around 70 % for lowest salary jobs . 
  higher your salary is less you get from welfare but it doesnt drop much . 
  generally nurse/social have bad rep in finland . 
  i get it for nurses but social workers are paid quite well and job is not really that heavy or anything . 
  finnish social workers generally have bachelor degree . 
  yeah you might be right . 
  but finland is lacking social workers and nurses . 
  not engineers . 
  nurses get work visa to finland easily . 
  finland needs more social workers and pay is 30x better . 
  ofcourse learning finnish isnt easy but its still 30 more money , 
  most social workers earn 3000 + monthly . 
  so a bit over average salary in finland . 
  yeah my view is quite biased since it 's easy to get visa and the train only takes 3 hours from my home town to get to petersburg . 
  + i was standing in rain for first hour in border control because lines were not moving at all for first hour . 
  i once took a ship from helsinki to st petersburg . 
  it took me 3 hours to get off the ships because russian border control was giving 0 fucks . 
  if you want to skip border control bullshit take a train . 
  they check your documents on the train . 
  then there is this . 
  http://www.fin-duckrent.fi/index.php a duck boat with sauna . 
  im referring to same study that article is about . 
  im just saying that the whole article is total bullshit, 
  yeah . 
  im trying to point out that that study sucks . 
  i dont know how that study makes its forest ranking . 
  it was 103 in forest ranking in that study . 
  when yale fix their servers you can see different ranks of every country in different sectors . 
  but generally i would say that numbers from that study are more or less bullshit . 
  yeah im aware that finlands net forest is growing but somehow our rank was 103 . 
  they used satellite data for scores . 
  i dont know maybe their data is bad or they use some weird calculations for scores . 
  there was plenty of weird stuff in that study if you look single numbers . 
  like norway got relatively bad scores for energy even tho they mostly use hydro . 
  our forest rank was 103 . 
  so atleast satelite data tells that finland is murdering forest . 
  still our forest score sucks . 
  and finland uses 70 % of annual forest growth . 
  cocaine is pretty expensive . 
  thats atleast one of the reasons why its more popular in rich cities . 
  what game speed do you guys play with ? 
  if someone starts to play nation x and doesnt come to next session is that nation locked or can someone else play it ? 
  do you have some preset break/reload cycle ? 
  this video have more visibility than fiskars could ever get with their adds for their snow shovels . 
  yeah but you need to build alternative way to get power as long as you cant control the wind . 
  haha casuals . 
  58.7 and 10 % of public spending is done with loan . 
  if vattenfall really is forced to shutdown their nuclear plants by the year 2020 like they said . 
  ( problem is that sweden is going to but extra 8e/mwh tax for nuclear ) . 
  the whole nordic electrical grid crashes when there is -20 c and no wind . 
  most problematic sectors are in south sweden . 
  only realistic way to replace nuclear is making alot coal/gas plants . 
  witch are going to be mega expensive since those are going to be used mostly for peak energy and uptimes are low . 
  as far as i know there are few different tariff 's in denmark but generally wind energy get 's about 40e/mwh from tariff system, 
  and vattenvall want 's to get rid of it 's nuclear in sweden because it 's no longer profitable to run them . 
  thats works just fine long as norway does n't get any weird ideas of building new sea cables to england . 
  if norway stops feeding cheap hydro to nord pool prices skyrockets when it 's not windy . 
  for 60e/mwh invest limit im too lazy to find any english source but that number come 's from fortum . 
  finnish energy company that sits on 9 billion euros because they cant find anything to invest in scandinavia . 
  as for electricity prices i use [ nord pool ] ( http://www.nordpoolspot.com/market-data1/elspot/area-prices/all1/hourly/?view=table ) windpower is fucking up energy price in pretty much every country that have tarif system in place . 
  when there is alot of power that doesnt have anything to do with stock price it tends to broke whole electricity stock . 
  average stock price for mwh in denmark was 23 euros . 
  for building new power plants and making them profitable average price should be somewhere near 60 e/mwh . 
  question is how much denmark is supporting their energy production .
