aye you are right, 
  things are a lot fairer than in america . 
  cutting the amount of mp 's to ~ ~ 500 ~ ~ 600 from 650 benefited the tories but the redrawing of the boundary lines has been done in a fair way.the commission set up to handle boundary changes is pretty politically neutral and while recent changes slightly punished labour that was more due to the advantage they had rather than gerrymandering . 
  well it is hardly like he is screwing over his own country to get rich like carlos slim . 
  france does n't fit into a label really . 
  if you listed southern european countries you would mention france last and go ` kind of . ', 
  no scottish independence looks less likely than it gas for a long time . 
  the economic complications of a hard brexit for independence are huge . 
  no this sub went a bit mental for a month expecting the uk to disintegrate and downvoted away anyone who said anything different . 
  it has calmed down now though which is nice . 
  african union , unasur and eurasia all feel like empty organisations in many ways . 
  asean is the only one with a bit of substance behind it which seems to be pushing towards something even if that is different to what the eu is . 
  asean is the only organisation that is comparable to the eu really . 
  the current labour leader routinely appeared on iran 's press tv earning around # 20,000 despite it being banned in the uk and iran being under international sanctions . 
  those shoes may be the worst things i have ever seen . 
  indians in the uk are fine . 
  people voted against independence because they wanted to remain part of the uk . 
  ca n't really look into it any more than that . 
  and tbh uk leaving the eu basically kills any future chance of scottish independence . 
  half 3 in the morning outside what may possibly be the shittest looking pub i have ever seen . 
  it could be the usual stuff you deal with on a night out or it could be something really nasty . 
  hard to tell without knowing more honestly . 
  i 'm really not overstating the costs as it would be in the billions . 
  property , supply lines , long term investment , training up a workforce , buildings , etc. 
  the actual cost of machines is only part of the cost of manufacturing on this scale . 
  remember these are also new plants , not old ones , so they are running efficiently and making a lot of money . 
  of course they can be rebuilt but the costs would be in the billions . 
  hence the diplomatic pressure . 
  the general gist of it . 
  i think 80 % of japanese cars made in the uk are exported . 
  they are basically passing on the worries of the large japanese manufacturers about their ability to export but the plants are already here so they do n't have much leverage . 
  the companies just have to wait and hope the uk/eu deal does n't harm them too much . 
  a friends father was found dead after either being mugged or robbed while dying with his phone records racking up huge bills to poland . 
  should i blame this singular incident on all polish people or accept that it was just a single fucked up thing that happened ? 
  how many polish people had poor british people met before ? 
  no excuse for it either way tbh . 
  before i read them regularly tbh . 
  all i know is the simplistic russia vs usa analysis of the syrian war really opened my eyes to their failings . 
  probably going to be slaughtered for saying this but when discussing the eu/brexit the economist is n't an unbiased source . 
  it is the most pro-eu publication in the uk and it 's biases very clearly show at times . 
  their coverage on brexit/us election/syria all left me feeling very disappointed and wondering if change of ownership affected things more significantly than first thought . 
  not disagreeing with what you have linked as i have n't had the time to look through it and it is probably on the money . 
  since the gers figures scottish independence took a huge hit . 
  it is n't realistic in the short term ( and the economic figures get worse if a ` hard ' brexit happens ) . 
  i was n't defending it just explaining this is n't some amazing windfall . 
  their bubble is likely to burst and the uk would likely be one of the main countries to benefit . 
  this is n't a good thing for ireland . 
  a sizeable chunk of their economy and wealth comes from allowing stuff like this to happen . 
  in person i have met one romanian ( did my dad 's plumbing ) while i have come across 8 beggars who were gypsy . 
  so while the media makes it worse there are reasons behind the reputation as more people interact with those who cause issues than with normal people just living their lives . 
  people do n't have enough interactions to have opinions towards albanians . 
  a general slight fear of the balkan area ( a prejudice all countries apart from croatia seem to suffer ) is the only thing i can think of . 
  it is mainly due to most peoples interactions of romanian people coming from aggressive begging and reports of crime . 
  it sucks though that a subset of your population ruins your reputation abroad . 
  the uk has never said it was the pioneers of free movement . 
  people come to the uk because the country speaks english , which is everyone 's second language , and there is a large prosperous economy . 
  controlling immigration for 3 years would have made fuck all difference honestly . 
  your argument may have merit if the polish population had n't increased between 2007 and now . 
  they also came into existence over 4-5 decades instead of 14 years . 
  they are lumped together as it makes eu immigration look less significant in comparison to non-eu migration . 
  also you claiming 52 % of the uk is racist is bonkers . 
  are you really so sheltered that you believe someone having differing political views to your own makes them a bigot ? 
  in the next few years 2 % of the uk population will be eastern european . 
  brexit is a reaction to that . 
  no it is n't . 
  50 % of non-eu immigration is students while 15 % of eu immigration is students . 
  students are n't really what is the issue . 
  uk migration figures almost always include both eu and non-eu students . 
  currently there are 124,000 eu students in the uk and 312,00 non-eu students . 
  yeah it is pretty daft that figures include students but it is the governments way of trying to ` even out ' eu and non-eu migration . 
  that includes 100k non eu students . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is very far left . 
  i remember one subreddit poll had more people voting for the green party ( 1 mp/3 .8 % of votes ) than the conservatives ( 330 mp 's / 37 % of votes ) . 
  she was always one of the favourites . 
  osbourne was toxic ( austerity etc ) , boris was more popular in the public than the party ( favourite till he fucked up though ) and others did n't have the name recognition . 
  what surprises me most is how successful and well liked she is . 
  her time at the home office used to be a black mark against her name ( anti privacy etc ) but has been forgotten after brexit and all the terrorism in europe . 
  i personally used to think she was a right cow but i 'm very glad she ended up leader . 
  it 's funny how things change . 
  oh yeah change of leadership is totally playing a part . 
  i just think a big reason why is the expected collapse of sanctions against russia . 
  uk and france generally push for sanctions while germany values trade more . 
  without the uk i think this is the way things will be more in the future and it is kind of sad honestly . 
  boris did n't have the support within the party leading to him dropping out so cowardice is n't really the right way to describe it tbh . 
  also this change of policy came from may not boris ( he has very limited political importance atm ) . 
  the uk was probably the large country who pushed for the sanctions hardest . 
  countries like italy and germany were far less enthusiastic . 
  the change in stance is the uk realising how the wind is blowing and getting in early to benefit . 
  i gave two reasons that cameron did n't have . 
  a referendum taken so recently and the full implications of the uk leaving the eu not being clear . 
  any more catastrophic than to allow a vote when they would probably lose ? 
  cameron denying a vote would have been outrageous but may denying one now does n't have the same narrative behind it . 
  i am pretty sure it will be pushed back till after everything becomes more clear . 
  scotland does n't have the legal right to call a referendum ( unlike northern ireland ) and it would have to go through the uk government . 
  the reason cameron got bullied into it last time was because he had no clear argument against a scottish referendum . 
  may would have multiple arguments against another referendum such as the last only being 2 years ago and there being no clear idea what the relationship with eu/uk would be after voting ( still being negotiated ) . 
  i guess the snp could call a referendum without the support of the british government but it would n't be legally binding ( similar to catalonia poll ) and would likely be boycotted . 
  so scotland , unless someone can point out where i am very wrong , is very unlikely to have a referendum before the uk leaves the eu . 
  you are wrong they really are studying . 
  it is due to how the chinese exam/uni system works .
