  it is very competitive and the upper middle classes ship their kids out to foreign countries when they ca n't get to a decent chinese university . 
  chinese students usually have at least twice the disposable income of uk students and are twice as spoilt . 
  i study at a uk uni and gf works in student housing so know a decent amount about it . 
  no idea about tourist visas though . 
  immigration was 270,000 eu citizens and 277,000 non eu citizens ( this does n't include emigration btw ) . 
  however 120-150 ,00 non-eu citizens are students while only 30-50 ,000 eu citizens are students . 
  it was never changed as it would highlight the amount of immigration happening from the eu . 
  ( sorry if you do n't follow me i did n't phrase this whole comment very well ) in short non-eu migration is n't as large as it first appears . 
  on top of that the government has been changing laws to try to limit non-eu migration as they ca n't limit eu migration ( family visas having high required income , etc ) . 
  you have to remember migration figures include university students . 
  a lot of foreign students come to study in the uk ( the amount from china would really amaze you ) while the amount from eu countries is significantly less . 
  120,000 a year are international students compared to 30,000 from eu ( vague guesswork from browsing the internet ) . 
  the conservative voters do n't want to remain though and neither do half the conservative mp 's . 
  conservative voters were 60 % leave despite their leader campaigning to remain while conservative mp 's forced the referendum in the first place by putting pressure on cameron . 
  on top of that legislation was passed making it significantly more difficult to call an early election . 
  so it is very unlikely there will be an early election due to the complications , uncertainty it would create and general lack of political pressure on may . 
  yet even if there was conservatives would never be pro remain . 
  no that will never happen . 
  the conservatives are so strong at the moment they will be in power for the next 7 years unless things drastically change . 
  people are very happy with may while labour is an absolute shambles . 
  if an election came ( which it wo n't because of changes to snap elections ) the conservatives would only get a much larger majority . 
  also i am reasonably sure peoples views on brexit have hardened . 
  if another referendum happened i doubt it would change the result . 
  i was just disagreeing with the idea that certain types of immigration are creating more jobs when they mostly have a neutral effect on the economy ( while benefiting those immigrating and harming those who worked the jobs before ) . 
  and you are right it would have stopped eventually if the uk stayed in eu and the eu did n't expand further as time went on . 
  yeah but if the person in that job was british they would spend all their money in the uk . 
  someone who spends their money in the uk will have a far larger benefit to the economy and create more jobs than someone who is sending money home or saving to buy a house in eastern europe . 
  the entire reason someone working is a benefit to the economy is because of the money they spend . 
  which is why the consumer confidence index is so important . 
  the source you linked to me is a university publication which let multiple scare stories off before the referendum ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35843953 ) so forgive me if i take it with a pinch of salt . 
  while the problems created by immigration can be solved people in general would just prefer less immigration . 
  which is ( partially ) why everything happened . 
  how can people create more jobs than they take when a third of their income is sent back to their family ? 
  a lot of it due to the changing nature of the economy and how globalisation changes wealth equality etc. 
  but having a lot of immigration where the vast majority are looking for low skilled work is changing competition , pay and hours for those jobs . 
  my girlfriend works in a full time slightly above minimum wage job and a quarter of her workmates are from europe . 
  in jobs where the conditions are shit ( sports direct etc ) you will see the vast majority of people working there are polish ( with signs written in polish ) and the people hiring preferring people that are n't british as they will put up with the possibly illegal conditions . 
  immigration increases the competition significantly at the bottom of the job market ( especially in the uk as we speak english ) . 
  just for context i did n't vote in the referendum ( was genuinely split by what i wanted ) but the arguments against immigration are n't just racism . 
  it stops wages going down below a certain point but it does n't stop more and more jobs paying minimum wage . 
  over the last decade there has been a larger and larger gap between minimum wage jobs and jobs that pay more . 
  also full time minimum wage jobs being more and more sought after . 
  at least that is my ( entirely anecdotal ) experience from looking on job sites over those years . 
  the whole uk situation is full of misinformation . 
  the uk introduced very high taxes on oil during the financial crisis and these were removed during the oil price plunge as they were n't needed anymore ( and had become harmful ) . 
  the guardian keeps trying to paint this change of policy as the uk government subsiding the oil industry . 
  ` the department of climate change and energy ' closure is a little more complicated . 
  it had only been around for 8 years and almost every decision it made had to go through another department first . 
  the closure from a practical point of view does make sense but politically comes at a cost . 
  it just does n't look very good and could be seen to send out a bad message . 
  would n't surprise me if the criticism of germany is just as skin deep . 
  to be expected . 
  will probably be another 15-20 years before another referendum will be held . 
  by which time whatever is happening with the uk will have happened . 
  though it has increased the chances of scotland leaving eventually . 
  military coups are part of turkish culture . 
  ` most prominent brexiteers did n't want to take the job ' . 
  which was n't the case . 
  boris resigned after being politically outmanoeuvred ( guaranteeing himself a prominent role in government ) while all the rest were on the ballot . 
  a white lie ( or ignorance about the situation ) to frame everything into a point of view . 
  you have n't heard of david davis ? 
  he has been a very prominent eurosceptic for about 15 years ... 
  oh yeah i was talking more medium to long term . 
  only chance of anything in that time frame would be current eu trade deals basically being copy and pasted . 
  at the same time eu trade deals are affected by 25 countries different wants and desires which increases the time they take to be negotiated as well as increases their chance of failure . 
  trade deals are easier , and speedier , to negotiate when there are far less invested parties . 
  it is even possible they could be more beneficial with a stronger focus on where the uk is stronger ( services , etc ) where the eu is n't as open . 
  as you say though only time will tell . 
  when was the last time the eu was n't in crisis ? 
  euro crisis followed by migrant crisis . 
  both issues the eu basically never directly dealt with and kept pushing away hoping it would magically fix . 
  by that logic we would n't have been able to have a referendum in the last 8 years . 
  it is n't just about trust in the currency but about flexibility to react . 
  for example finland ca n't devalue its currency to escape its current situation so is likely to have 5-10 years of problems . 
  1.6 , 2.9 and 1.1 is way below average . 
  i would say being in the euro plays a big part in that . 
  people get into public transport jobs by who they know not by how good they are . 
  i know someone who got their son into the same job recently . 
  the fact everyone is white is because friends and family are white not because they are better suited to the job . 
  i generally agree with your point just in this case it is n't as relevant . 
  i think the damning thing is if you include what happens to economies after they join the euro . 
  slovakia , slovenia , latvia , estonia and cyprus growth all falls off after they join/peg . 
  only malta seems to have really benefited . 
  modelling our economic policies on argentina is a bit daft . 
  considering they are bared access to most forms of credit , nationalise large companies to stay afloat and go around arresting/financially crippling economists for writing about inflation rates . 
  well if petrol prices are pushed up so are food prices . 
  also a lot of the people who talk about food price rigging seem a bit nutty to me . 
  yeah that really is n't the case . 
  british conservatives are more to the left than the democrats and nowhere near your republicans . 
  apart from being nuttier than a bag of peanuts . 
  just noticed that croatia and bosnia look a bit like fry from futurama . 
  i would actually say they are pro eu they just have a problem with how the euro is run and the uncertainty it creates . 
  they often slate the british right for their approach to the eu for example . 
  in my opinion , despite their financial biases , they are one of the best places to get an overview of what is happening . 
  it is easy to see how it became a populist issue as it is so close to them . 
  it certainly makes more sense to me than argentina/falklands due to that proximity . 
  not that there is much of a case legally ( population sees itself as british ) or morally ( ceuta and melilla ) but i certainly understand the occasional bouts of sulkiness . 
  spain really is n't . 
  well it 's good that for the last few years , seeing the likelihood of this happening , european leaders have created a clear path for this to happen minimising the effects on both greece and europe as a whole . 
  i worry about what will happen to france .
