yes , but the soviet system had its advantages : non-existent unemployment , lower crime , better job benefits . 
  it is true - eastern europe economy is based on massive amounts of money from the west . 
  it 's easy to have huge growth when you started with practically nothing . 
  even if it causes hundreds of thousands of deaths and does exactly the opposite of what it 's intended to do ? 
  but what have the ak achieved ? 
  edit : i 'm not saying they were n't brave or patriotic , but they fought a war they could n't win . 
  the same applies to jewish ghetto fighters - they were fighting only to get killed . 
  years which really matter 1939-1945 noun associated with the warfare period : murder noun associated with the end of the war : subjugation the role of your country in the war : total pushovers the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss ( e.g. 
  forced , traitors , nazis ) : none did . 
  it was impossible for subhumans - the few polish citizens that did , defined themselves as germans . 
  the role of national partisans within your country : idiots that ruined our largest city, 
  ... as long as the desires agrees with what berlin wants . 
   clearly , its reasonable not to see germany as a threat as it is a reasonable country . 
  russia on the other hand ... how much they 've changed after ww2 ? 
  the answer is , nobody knows , not even themselves and yet it 's the germans who are poisoning our race with their influence . 
  occupiers out of poland . 
  that 's because germans apologized to jews , never to poland . 
  questions like this make me think that germans have n't changed the slightest since 1939 . 
  whatever poland did to germans does n't compare in the slightest with what germans have been doing to poland and poles . 
  in poland , for instance , there 's still an ethnic german minority parliamentary representation guaranteed by the constitution . 
  there is no corresponding minority in germany . 
  `` fuck you westerner , how dare you not knowing when poland is , we spilled blood for you and you repaid us with yalta , fuck you and go to hell this proves how treacherous you are tusk and po and european union have sold poland again !!!!, 
   and too bad radek could n't keep his fucking mouth shut , he could have been pm instead . 
  zdradek would never been a po pm , the party resents him for being an outsider . 
   there is zero threat ( actual threat , not scaremongering ) to nato what would be a threat to eastern european nato states ? 
   political party from which duda origins spent last 8 years on attacks against mr. tusk and attempts of blaming him on everything that went wrong in the entire country , because clearly , the government is not responsible for how the country is run . 
  i 'm no friend of catholic church but the more i read about duda the more i like him . 
   restaurant culture : i have only visited wroc\u0142aw , but i have visited it many times over the past 8 years . 
  it 's a city with 600k citizens that has all of the culinary delights of a city with 30k inhabitants in western europe . 
  i guess what i mean that it is not particularly well-spread , to the degree that it exists at all . 
  because polish people do n't eat out - why pay 30 zloties for dinner when you can make it yourself for 1/3rd of that amount ? 
   i for one belong to the realm of homer , herodotus , chaucer , rabelais , copernicus , newton , bacon , kant , bach , rousseau and goethe . 
  where you belong is completely your choice . 
  and also hitler , mussolini or marx . 
   it 's ok . 
  here in the west we do n't mind your gay fantasies . 
  i was merely quoting mr sikorski , a true westerner with ex-british citizenship . 
   thieves happen in all governments , in democracies they go to jail or at least do n't get re-elected . 
  prefer belorussia much ? 
  how many politicians in poland went to jail recently ? 
  as for gdp , this is not a sacred number , what matters is the median wage . 
   poland is richer than it has ever been http://www.dlugpubliczny.org.pl/, 
   latvia , lithuania , estonia , and poland should be a source of pride for the eu , and more generally the west . 
  in the span covering less time than some of our lives these nations gained independence , established vibrant liberal democracies , and lifted their people out of poverty . 
  it 's for this reason i hate the west/east split -- these are western democracies sharing in the principles we 've spent a great deal of blood and treasure defending . 
  they are no less a part of this tradition . 
  we do not belong to you . 
  if by independence you mean sucking us cock , if by vibrant liberal democracies you mean corrupt and morally bankrupt kleptocracies , and if by lifting out of poverty you mean 20 % unemployment , then you 're right . 
  catholic church is a western organization , a racist and totalitarian one . 
  i meant post-ww2 finland . 
  they had plenty of russians and they were technically an axis state yet they managed to stay neutral during the cold war . 
  like finland or austria, 
  well , i 'd prefer poland to be independent , totally closed to the foreigners , fully neutral and balancing eastern and western neighbors . 
  surprise , we * are * a buffer state !, 
  we 'll be the first ones to die when russia attacks nato . 
  and yet we keep provoking putin . 
  `` but we 're a modern country , developing the quickest '' - but all it takes is 10 hot days for the infrastructure to crumble . 
  i blame po and the west . 
  i would n't mind seeing a few mosques . 
  is n't that a basic law for free market ? 
  competition brings improvement , and there 's nothing worse than monopolies ? 
   i 'm not proposing a violent uprising since those never lead to anything good . 
  sure . 
  the basic of european identity is expansion and colonialism . 
  as a citizen of an oft-invaded country that has been thoroiught history a victim of european colonialism i have more in common with indians or africans than with western europeans, 
  no one should trust any politician or journalist . 
  make up your own mind . 
  largest, 
       at the same time it 's hard to feel sorry for lithuanians because what poland was doing to them is what they were doing to germans . 
  could you remind me when were polish people burning vilnius to the ground , stealing lithanian children to be raised in poland or tortured them by forcing them to lick metal red hot floor while standind on their backs ? 
  an army has an artillery and air forces . 
  poland had just a lot of guerillas and kids who thought themselves to be guerillas . 
  i 'm not russian , i 'm polish . 
  levels of russophobia on this reddit are frightening . 
  they were also saved by soviet union from the fate germans prepared for them, 
  soviets managed to basically force the entire comecon to think that 1 ruble = 1 dollar . 
   a few friends of mine live in warsaw and love it , they say you have the same last names ending with `` ski '' . 
  if aleksander macedonski was not a slav why did he have a polish last name ? 
  checkmate hellenes . 
  would you rather fight a giant mother theresa or 120 man-sized john pauls ? 
   never said its pretty . 
  but its not ugly there are many beautiful places in warsaw , and they are well-hidden . 
  warsaw in general is wonderful when you know it well , unlike krakow or torun which are impressive even at the first sight or lublin which does n't give a fuck whether you like it or not . 
  i 've been to suwa\u0142ki a couple of months ago , the supermarkets there are full of lithuanians . 
  western system at this point can hardly be called ` democracy ' . 
  because a decision an eleven-year-old makes to help fight evil germans is fully valid and responsible ? 
  pis is different now . 
  there 's a high chance they wo n't need a coalition partner this time - and that 's because a lot of nationalists entered pis itself . 
  besides , why should n't we leverage that ? 
  i used to commute to work for three years past umschlagplatz ; it 's not like germans do n't have massive debt towards poland and that they even apologised for wwii . 
  the money goes to the pockets of unelected bureaucrats . 
   germany has always been poland 's gateway to the west and a role model . 
  poland never wanted to be germany , let alone part of germany - it wanted to be like germany . 
  as opposed to being like russia . 
  it was n't much of help 71 years ago , for instance . 
  - ban on classic lightbulbs ( this does nothing to protect the environment and lightbulbs are still sold ) - increase of prices of all mobile devices able to record movies ( all smartphones etc ) - the useless internet cookies . 
   all in all , poles are germanized slavs . 
  that 's offensive to the entire nation who has resisted germanization for hundreds of years . 
  i do n't even ... 
  yes .
