  that 's what ireland 's government did with ours ... :-(, 
  it 's an education thing . 
  we were always taught that poland , being east of the berlin wall was eastern europe . 
  likewise is russia , which borders n.korea , and to which you can wade from alaska if you have a survival suit , european ? 
  technically , yes , partially - but in my mind ... no . 
  as weird as it might sound , there was n't really a central europe when i was a kid , only east and west . 
  old habits can be hard to change , thus poland is so often referred to as eastern europe . 
  this will be changing with time . 
  i see them as two languages in a family of languages . 
  different but mutually somewhat intelligible . 
  other examples of different but mutually somewhat intelligible languages within a linguistic family are common . 
  scottish gaelic and irish , polish and slovak , spanish and portuguese , norwegian and swedish , dutch and german . 
  it 's not to say all languages within a family are so similar , but there are many examples of languages which are as close if not closer . 
  out of 7-8000 roma ( numbers taken from the article ) , ** none ** spoke german ? 
  yep . 
  :( the ` regular ' romanians really suffer at times due in a way to not standing out in anyway whatsoever , just normal people on the street , doing normal things . 
  people whom others would often never even consider as perhaps being from another country . 
  well aware of the difference , thank you . 
  read my text properly and you will see this . 
  also , the country with the highest percentage of roma within the population is slovakia . 
  i 've met ` regular ' romanians a few times , and have a couple of romanian friends . 
  romanians often have to suffer discrimination when looking for work in other countries as a result of the roma giving all romanians a bad name . 
  one friend-of-a-friend pretends to be italian until he gets to know people a bit better due to past bullshit . 
  it 's not that the other people are racist , it 's due to the vast majority of ` visible ' romanians in western europe being gypsies . 
  illegally trading , begging , stealing etc etc. 
  it must be a real f ** king pain having to deal with this , especially as the people who hate the roma gypsies most seem to be romanians . 
  english has ` bad luck comes in threes ' . 
  cheers . 
  never paid attention to location , he had just said it was a local show for him . 
  that said , it 's not that far to finland ... 
  cheers . 
  never paid attention to location , he had just said it was a local show for him . 
  that said , it 's not that far to finland ... 
  they held the world air guitar championships last year . 
  [ my estonian friend ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5ffxd_y7ym ) finished 4th . 
  aside from that ? 
  flag , tallinn ( capital ) , tartu ( uni city ) , geographical location , oddball language ( but many people speak russian ) which is non-indoeuropean ( but shares some links to finnish ) , now a eurozone country , potato lovers , free public transport in tallinn ( unless you are a pesky outsider ) , skype is based there , booze-cruise location for finns , and those people i met from there are cool . 
  all in all a place i have to visit . 
  quick constructive criticism . 
  only 10 as the highest option for number of new cities visited ? 
  no option of hitchhiking as a travel mode ? 
  scandinavia is in europe . 
  also , i would never pay for vodka flavoured shots . 
  flavoured vodka shots , yes , but not vodka-flavoured . 
  i like my alcohol to be alcohol , not just taste of it . 
  ;-) edit : so yeah , add my normal travel method to be the unlisted way that is hitchhiking . 
  i ca n't touch type . 
  my laptop is french , but i have both uk and polish keyboards installed as well as the native french one . 
  it is such a pain swapping them , and even more frustrating when you have to press shift+ctrl+alt+w to get the letter ' \u017b ' or shift+ctrl+alt+q for a letter ' \u0104 ' - becquse of coursem i hqve no dq ; n ideq zhere qny of the sy ; bols qre on ; y keyboqrd qnd cqnnot t6type qt qll <, 
  relevant regarding irish government viewpoint on data privacy : [ irish privacy watchdog calls for facebook changes ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-16289426 ), 
  i have 7 murphys here , so possibly ... 
  but drink a pint of murphys and your irishness will be restored !, 
  never hear this before , but awesome if true !, 
  na , `` pole , hungarian : two brothers , both for saber , and for drinking glass . '', 
  ... and in browser choice . 
  is the world series the ~ ~ rounders ~ ~ ~ baseball competition ? 
  surely they have the wrong colour for ireland ? 
  the ones i knew went back to bp , but i would not dispute others going elsewhere . 
  in the past , yes . 
  every hungarian i knew in ireland has moved back and the only hungarian shop in cork ( our 2nd city ) has closed due to lack of trade . 
  i 'm irish and i 'm more likely to go to hungary to find a job than ireland !, 
  were your language not so insane i may already have moved there !, 
  still not sure whether slovenia and nw croatia should be balkan or central , changing my mind often on that one . 
  pretty sure i 'll have pissed off lithuanians and ukrainians with my classing of vilnius and l'wow as if they were still polish . 
  likewise greeks may be pissed off at the classification of all macedonian lands similarly , irrespective of their being annexed by greece . 
  russia shares a border with norway and also with n. korea , so russia is russia . 
  turkey i see as neither european nor asian , so for the purposes of this i am classing it as asia . 
  obviously africa is africa . 
  think i 've annoyed enough people and got a somewhat accurate map ? 
  the only inaccuracies i see on it being the slo/hr issue i described before and the bit of macedonian land now classed as greek being southern not balkan , but being grouped otherwise . 
  i had that with slovenia and nw hr , but changed them to be balkan . 
  still not sure about it ... 
  all the money ? 
  ireland ? 
  umm ... scotland ? 
  never say that to a slovak !, 
  we 're trying !, 
  the irony of a french person saying this in english , with the historical & linguistic links between the two nations/languages , is sublime ... 
  my thoughts too when i saw the bar but before scrolling to see the text on it . 
  i forget the exact reasoning , but if you want to take advantage of an area it helps if you have an excuse to send your people in officially . 
  what would be of value/interest there however is beyond me - it 's not as if they have the oil or gems other areas have . 
  working with/for the french secret service if memory serves right . 
  last time i checked ( a year ago ? ), 
  the bbc still had n't updated their story on the situation , although another well known/reputable site ( perhaps lemonde.fr or reuters ? ), 
  had provided these updates . 
  i forget what they were doing , but i * think * it involved recruiting/training rebels ... edit ( 2hrs later ) : wow , that sounded vague !, 
  iirc france also helped destabilise the area in the first place . 
  remember the two french ` geologists ' kidnapped in late 2011 who turned out to be french private military contractors ? 
   the only europe-wide television show is the eurovision song contest , an annual singing competition where nations compete against each other . 
  most compete hoping to win but ireland buck this trend by trying to loose . 
  unfortunately some of the acts ireland sent in with the mission of loosing the competition have won over the years . 
  have italy not borrowed anything , or is it just that they never borrowed enough per head of capita to show up on this ? 
  $ 500 per head of capita , roughly half the debt per capita of spain would still add up to 30.5 billion ( if my maths are good with an exhausted brain ) . 
  not enough to show up on this this , but still a serious amount of money to repay . 
  this is what i never understood . 
  i can understand wanting to make a better life , but i could never understand risking your life to get to the uk . 
  especially when , without any such risks and with open borders they have either passed through or can easily get to france , belgium , netherlands , germany , austria , italy , spain , portugal ... etc etc. 
  if i * needed * to escape my homeland to escape persecution or whatever i would n't be too bothered where i ended up so long as it was safe . 
  i certainly would n't risk my life again having safely escaped . 
  especially not to go to the land of drizzle .
