will there be an english translation ? 
  this actually looks really interesting . 
  i kinda hoped you 'd adress the second point . 
  now , about this sub turning to shit , might be just my opinion but it has always been shit . 
  i 've been on here for ... what , 2-3 years now , and the only thing that changed since that time is that the sub has gone from slightly-left/liberal to right-wing/liberal . 
  which at first i thought was good thing , being on the right myself , but all it did was turn the shitty one-liners , hasty assesments and half-informed `` opinions '' i constantly heared about hungary into shitty one-liners , hasty assesments and half-informed `` opinions '' about germany . 
  being a geo-default probably did n't help the intellectuality of the discussions either . 
   saw an opportunity to appeal to emotions so they went for it that 's just politics . 
  if the opposing faction leaves room for interpretation and expect the other side to not twist it in their favor , well , too bad . 
  besides , just because they creators intended the piece to be seen in a certain way , should that really count for anything ? 
  death of the author/creator and all that . 
  any chance you have a link to that survey ? 
  if that is true that 's hilarious . 
  this is huh ... wow, 
  right . 
  to avoid even further misunderstandings , it is the dirty version of a somewhat famous hungarian rhyme : \u201e lengyel , magyar -- k\u00e9t j\u00f3 bar\u00e1t , egy\u00fctt harcol , s issza bor\u00e1t . '' ( pole , hungarian , two good friends , fight and drink their wine together ) basically our version of `` polak , w\u0119gier dwa bratanki '' apparently , it even has its own [ wikipedia page ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/lengyel,_magyar_%e2%80%93_k%c3%a9t_j%c3%b3_bar%c3%a1t ) ( with my version not included for some reason ) . 
  :d happy polish-hungarian friendship day !, 
  that one colour makes a lot of difference . 
  both positions go to the former [ regimental flag of the swiss guard ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d6gzveo.jpg ) ( you did n't specify countries ), 
  okay , first the vauge comments about 1997 in albania , now this . 
  could someone just go ahead and say it already ? 
  could you link me their party program , please ? 
  i just wan na make sure we both read the same thing . 
  i think he meant that there is a stereotype that eastern european women have n't been corrupted by feminists and are obedient and dociel housewive kinda types . 
  no idea if that is true though , i 'm from ee myself , and if some of those poors sobs from the other side of the pond think that the women from here are docile , they are in for a rude awakening lol, 
  never planned on commenting , but i 'll make an exception for this one since apparently nobody expressed the same sentiment : * please do n't leave !, 
  now there is a project i could get behind . 
  you finns are amazing . 
  a lot of them were boyars , who were considered ( rightfully so ) an even more corrupt , ineffective and apathetic ruling class than it was usual at the time . 
  it 's pretty hard to not be remembered fondly in eastern europe if you make yourself known by slaughtering corrupt elites . 
  mods missed out on the nsfl ( not safe for latvians ) flair . 
  drugs , faith , does n't matter what as long as it needs pushing . 
  what a baller . 
  looks like something straight out of / r/yurop, 
  so no #dicksoutforb\u00f6hmi ? 
  fine ... 
   check rt dot com comments or just go straight to bestgore.com , fulfills the same purpose , but it does n't give rt clicks . 
  nope , i agree completely . 
  i think it is highly respectable that you want to shed light on the nuance behind politics . 
  for me it 's simply `` if you want to hate the saudis , i 'm not gon na try to convince you otherwise '' . 
  i have extremely low standarts concerning public opinion , if people get something at least half-right i 'm satisfied . 
   it 's just that your original comment comes across as one of those typical ` fuck the saudis ! ', 
  comment well , it is . 
  not saying i regret posting it but it was a heat of the moment comment . 
  sure , politics is more complicated than that , but this is one of the few cases where i think it 's not even worth an attempt to make people see the pragmatic perspective on things . 
  sure , you * could * look into it , but , why would anyone ( at least the average joe ) take the time ? 
  their politics are extremely different from ours which makes it a lot harder to understand , not to mention how depressing it is . 
  i went to a course concerning foreign policy where a lector spent more time on saudi arabia than it is usual ( especially since it was a course focued on eastern europe in particular , but i digress ) , it was a place where idealists went to die , from harboring idi amin , their relations with the us to their proxy war with iran ... it 's the kind of clusterfluck you do n't even want to think about , whatever . 
  my original point was ( trying to be ) that the royal family is basically the poster child for the outdated , corrupted and morally reprehensible system which stands behind them , so it is only natural they get most of the flak because of it . 
  wether right or wrong . 
  the salafist clerics and clans they are currently trying to appease to gain legitimacy go wild and saudia arabia/me is gon na be a shitshow that makes the current state of affairs look like an uncomfortable family dinner ? 
  the powers that allow royal family to exsist are a much bigger problem than the royals themselves . 
  i do n't base my political views on petty torture fantasies ( as gratifying as they may be ) , if that is what you are asking . 
  i hope that one day saudi royalty will get the vlad the impaler treatment . 
  he is a recent addition to the crew . 
  his warning to refugees clip gained him a lot of popularity in right wing circles ( allegedly he was also the first person to recommend a fence on the southern border ) and he is a recognizable face so jobbik added him to the roster . 
  that 's my theory at least . 
  you do n't become vice president overnight for no reason . 
  yes , who also happens to be the [ vice president of jobbik ] ( https://jobbik.hu/vezetoink ) his little stunt impressed them , i guess . 
  so nobody died because of them ? 
  good . 
  anyways , if that is true ( the group at large being responsible ) , that should be a bigger deal than it is . 
  their founder is the current vice president of jobbik . 
  terrorists ? 
  did they commit any terror acts so far ? 
  do n't mean to be an apologist , i 'm seriously asking , i know some members , mostly working class baldheads that like to drink and complain . 
  ... if you say stupid shit like this all the time , yeah , maybe . 
   he used to be a guest on some british comedy panel shows and was very funny eh ... he 's no frankie boyle , he had some good lines and that 's about it . 
   \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 i 'm gon na go on a limp and say that stands for norwegians who ca n't shut up about having a bigger alphabet ? 
  [ referrence for those unaware ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f488ujaqgmw ) edit : bigger than the english one at least, 
  in general our views are probably on the opposite spectrum but you know what ? 
  i agree with you , kinda . 
  with that being said -  as a disclaimer i am not saying that they ( or you ) are racist . 
  they are not racist . 
  but you ca n't act this way just because not everyone around you , is like you . 
  i 'd still say it is racism , its just that in cases like this it is less of a black and white ( geddit ? ), 
  issue as in other places like ... let 's say saxony , germany for example , where racism is more prevalent in the most homogenous areas , you could argue their hostility stems from ignorance very easily ( it is true , at least partially but i 'll leave it by that ) . 
  in this case however , i would say that racism is - if not justified - at very least understandable . 
  feelings of being betrayed by their own country and kin in an environment of ever-increasing alienation , sprinkled with a pinch of `` good old days '' rhetoric will drive people down a path like this . 
  especially if the media considers them acceptable targets , i mean , let 's be honest , poor/desperate white people who hold racist views are not really given much nuance in todays society - at least not from the left . 
  so it is n't far fetched to say that radicalization seems like a viable option to many . 
  sorry if i wrote drivel , i 'm in a hurry and had to cut the comment in half . 
  ca n't say if that is good for behemoth but it was the first time in my life seeing metalheads pick up tabloid/celeb newspapers , it was fascinating . 
  know 'em all . 
  the greek scene is something else . 
  it is like the fine line separating european metal with their oriental counterparts ( which is just as good but sadly few in numbers ) . 
  i 'd also add [ transcending bizarre ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lasbjs8ti8 ), 
  it just so happens to be that greek black metal is a thing , i would argue it is probably more prevalent than death or thrash over there . 
  or i 'm just biased . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  plus nordic countries being more music oriented in general , at least sweden , especially sweden . 
  treat yourself to some rotting christ . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  i thought it would be more for poland , considering how amazing their metal scene is . 
  a goat-cheese burger sounds enticing . 
  i should visit cologne . 
  then it 's settled !, 
  make belgium great in size again is the new motto . 
   $ 600 million palace for himself .
