  they were projected as the sixth best equipped and regularly trained . 
  they were the strongest military in the region by far . 
  during round two they were the 15th best equipped and the fifth largest . 
  they still regularly practiced maneuvers . 
  you 're blatantly ignorant ... but a little less so now, 
  i 'd support retaliatory nukes against anyone fucking with nato , aus , nz , rok , or japan . 
  i 'd support complete annihilation of a country for touching canada . 
  i do n't know about op but we have offices in madrid and most of those it guys are in the $ 3000 ~ $ 4500/month pay bands . 
  granted , we 're a fortune 100 so most salaries are going to be a tad higher than others but i ca n't imagine $ 1000 a month as the norm unless you 're in some tiny village on the outskirt of burgos or something . 
  you all agree that poor esti is n't nordic . 
  it 's the same story . 
  norway and switzerland have higher , ireland immediately follows the us . 
  ireland actually has less as of 2015 . 
  only norway , switzerland , and luxembourg have higher per capita gdp than the us . 
  and you 're conflating economic growth with super power . 
  china does n't even have a blue water navy . 
  and the idea that china is close to matching the it in the us ... laughable . 
  your entire post is essentially conjecture . 
  we are number one at saying we are number one . 
  and they seemed to point to the human development index which takes into account all of your ideas and the us is still a top 10 country . 
  you seem to be ignoring their points to continue your ` muricaisntgreat argument . 
   nazi germany was on the retreat from stalingrad before you got involved . 
  from the nation that lost 25 million people in this war compared to your 600k military casualties in total with the pacific war . 
  you 're giving credit for the soviets being unable to run a war properly . 
  their people died in such large numbers because they were sacrificed , because their leaders were inept , because they sent an army to war without proper supplies , because they formed a pact with hitler and it bit them in the ass . 
  the nazis retreated in 1943 because they were out of ammunition and supplies , not because the soviets had died more . 
   d-day was quite easy , because of the soviet union . 
  80 % of the army was deployed there during d-day . 
  80 % of all german military deaths were on the eastern front . 
  this is just false . 
  d-day took place a full year and a half after stalingrad . 
  the nazi forces had moved their forces to counter possible invasions of norway and calais thanks to us/uk diversion tactics via operation bodyguard . 
  further out of the 24k troops taking place on d-day 10k were causalities . 
  * so easy *  80 % of all german military deaths were on the eastern front . 
  that is n't true at all . 
  out of the 1.9 million deaths only 50 % of them were the eastern front . 
  the other half came from the western front . 
  400k of them alone came from france . 
   your role in the european theatre of ww2 is simply exaggerated as all hell . 
  it is a cold war lie . 
  like your timelines and stats . 
  you seem to have simple bought into the narrative that the soviets did the heaviest of lifting without actually reading about any of the lifting . 
  they were key to the victory . 
  it would have been an impossible war to win without two fronts ... 
  but i do n't recall dying more being the key to victory . 
   you have taken undue amount of credit . 
  you 're incredibly ignorant on ww2 if you do not think that is the case . 
  you 've conflated deaths with the idea of being `` contributory to victory , '' it 's simply absurd . 
  europe was losing to austria-hungary and to the nazi 's prior the us landing . 
  they would have lost without us intervention . 
  that 's a fact . 
   france and britain had turned the war around a long time before the united states joined stalemate on one front does n't count as turning the war around and the `` blockade '' had ended ( unofficially ) by 1916 and following jutland . 
  in 1917 the war was simply dragging on and ze germans were making headway into italy following caporetto . 
  further , austria-hungary was still capable of gathering supplies via the mediterranean . 
  all i see here is winning . 
   european countries had more casualties , had civilian casualties , fought longer , and had their land destroyed . 
  it 's because it was your fucking war . 
  having your country and population smashed under the might of the german war machine does n't mean you did more . 
  it means you had essentially lost . 
  it does n't mean anything contribution wise if you lose land , population , cities , infrastructure aside from the fact that you needed help getting it restored . 
  good job fighting them to a standstill ... 
  there is a reason that historians on both sides of the atlantic point to it being a turning point in both wars and it is n't because the allied powers were winning . 
  things are n't free , even in wartime and it helped to perpetuate the `` we are neutral '' in your stupid wars . 
  you 're honestly all just lucky that germany overplayed its hand and started shit with the us with submarine warfare and trying to get mexico involved . 
   you get an unfairly amount of achievement for the european theatre in ww2 . 
  its a cold war lie . 
  i guess western europe was n't completely conquered by the nazi military machine until the us got involved . 
  that 's probably why d-day was so easy . 
  because western europe had beaten back the nazi forces and made landing in france cake . 
  i guess while retaking the western front while supplying both the uk and the russians does n't equate , in some peoples mind , to getting an unfair amount of `` the achievement '' . 
  i suppose doing this while also turning the tide in the pacific theater is a minor footnote and we should give all credit to the appeasers in the euro theaters who lost the continent , stayed out of the conflict , or created a pact with the nazi government . 
  here 's the thing , europe , we do n't even live there . 
  we are n't attached to your continent . 
  despite this we saved you , from yourselves , * twice * . 
  on top of that we helped to rebuild you . 
  for free . 
  the only thing you had to do was promise not to lose your shit on your neighbors again . 
  to not challenge the hegemony you forced the us to become . 
  to quietly build your stupid fucking society back and to stand with us against the communists that stole the eastern half of your continent . 
  you wan na get mad that we take an `` undue amount of credit '' for literally handing the continent back to you , after you all fucked it up , twice , before 1950 ? 
  be mad . 
  but do n't be an ungrateful little shit . 
  dropping a million troops onto the allies side when they were unable to move is a minor contribution . 
  funny how we can be late to wars that are n't our own and while we manage to keep the allies supplied until we finally do get in to push for a victory in the face of tremendous odds we still get shat on . 
  it really is frustrating to see a ww1 game without the french or russians at launch . 
  i had n't even given much thought to the idea of an eu army prior to reading this sub on a regular basis . 
  it 's a common conversation for / r/europe . 
  being american has nothing to do with it just like you being irish has nothing to do with you being a cock . 
  that 's really the result of hegemony . 
  the eu would get a net cost savings by not duplicating the same processes , infrastructure , systems , etc. 
  across every single country . 
  deploying with the french would be the same as deploying with ze germans or the spanish . 
  we have hundreds of bases through international agreements in which we lease land from governments , we do not have hundreds of islands everywhere . 
  nor do we expand our territory . 
  nor do we expand our eez by building islands and then install military bases on them . 
  stop comparing this to us actions , because it is n't anywhere near the same . 
  nah , but they would allow them to buy ze missles, 
  what about ukraine who was gon na be an eu member ... 
  there should be an eu army . 
  hdi takes into account life expectancy .
