  ` murica knew it . 
  it 's why we did n't give a shit when they were crying foul . 
  guess who else is also spying on friends ? 
  everyone . ^ unlessyourefiveeyesthenyourecool . 
  eesti has a family !, 
  knowledge pays more than hard work sometimes . 
   the most extreme that will happen is that merkel wont win another election . 
  this is so reasonable it hurts . 
  ... i 'm the worst ` murican ever . 
  i clock 40 , probably work half of that . 
  take every other friday off . 
  have 35 days of vacation ... 
  i 'd strike if i could cause the average man needs my work/life balance . 
  france should just give me a passport already . 
   efficiency of russia , china india 1 . 
  graft accounts for a huge portion of these countries bills and their gov dollar multipliers are almost nonexistent as a result . 
  the us spends more because they incur development costs that these countries `` seemingly '' managed to not incur . 
  two is no accident . 
  if anything we push nato countries to actually spend on their militaries . 
  nothing is stopping them now but an eu army would allow the redundant commands to be collapsed and could lead to more efficient use of existing funds . 
  quality over quantity, 
  hopefully by then thaad works . 
  we can already shoot down most of their small nukes, 
  would n't matter . 
  if the us did n't respond it would set a precedent and that 's more dangerous . 
  the point was we went to war over basically nothing in the long term . 
  why give the us an excuse for a real war ? 
  a real reason to bring it 's full might to bare ? 
  this country is n't exactly reasonable when it feels attacked . 
  do n't tempt the country that has already nuked two cities is probably the safest route . 
  the us would escalate and not in a small way . 
  we went to war in afghanistan for 15 years over 3k people dead . 
  during that war we started a second decade long war because the us was annoyed with iraq ... to make the assumption that the us would not nuke the shit out of russia with a valid reason to do so is completely failing to look at the history of the us during the last 75 years . 
  hell when 9/11 occurred people were asking if we were going to drop a nuke . 
  that 's how quick the us can go from 0-100 . 
  do n't confuse us with gay piggies . 
  it is n't crazy if it saves time . 
  a real hero . 
  even using your measure the us is larger than the eu now at 17.9 trillion vs 17.7 trillion and the us outgrows the eu on a year-by-year basis . 
  even our companies are fat . 
  db has 2 trillion in derivatives . 
   clicks link i do n't know what i was expecting . 
   to the fact that they are located there is not enough evidence to claim that these companies broke the eu-rules . 
  but we know that companies received similar deals to apple ? 
  the double-irish agreement was used by at least these companies : 1 . 
  abbott laboratories 2 . 
  adobe systems 3 . 
  apple inc. 4 . 
  eli lilly and company 5 . 
  facebook 6 . 
  forest laboratories 7 . 
  general electric 8 . 
  ibm 10 . 
  johnson & johnson 11 . 
  oracle corp. 13 . 
  pfizer inc. 14 . 
  starbucks 15 . 
  medtronic inc. 17 . 
  sap 18 . 
  bae systems 21 . 
  unilever 22 . 
  shell i mean the list is enormous . 
  nearly every major multi-national had some form of the deal up until 2005 when ireland changed the law . 
   state-aid is in the first place when something is given without getting something back with the same value that 's an arbitrary definition of state aid . 
  the [ eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/competition/state_aid/overview/index_en.html ) itself defines state aid as  defined as an advantage in any form whatsoever conferred on a selective basis to undertakings by national public authorities which means buying shares is definitely state aid . 
  the germany government does n't buy shares of all public companies which means that providing capital to vw in the form of stock purchases is definitely state aid . 
  the eu commission is * arbitrarily * enforcing `` state aid '' in the case of apple , amazon , starbucks , mcdonalds , google , etc. 
  maybe it 's lining up eu companies but at the moment it does not appear to be concerned with `` state aid '' if it 's rendered to companies in the eu . 
  by the eu 's own definition the companies they 're going after did not receive  the intervention gives the recipient an ** advantage on a selective basis ** , for example to specific companies or industry sectors , or to companies located in specific regions there 's no method to determine how a company received something on a `` selective basis '' - numerous companies received similar deals as to apple . 
  when they start looking at the 1000s of other multi-national companies in the eu i 'll believe that there is n't an agenda . 
  at the moment though it certainly looks like an arbitrary enforcement of the law against north american companies . 
   i would like to see your sources showing how these companies practice tax-avation other than `` they are big companies , they must do it '' . 
  also , i want to see your sources that state that they use special taxation rules ( at least inside the eu . 
  what they do outside is not the business of the eu but of these nations since the subsidies outside of the eu do n't act under eu-regulations ) . 
  go look at the corporate taxation rules of ireland , then look at the 1000 + companies that have their eu headquarters in ireland . 
  all companies were adhering the same set of laws . 
  ireland updated its laws to reflect the eu demands and all companies were subjected to that change , including apple . 
  this is an asinine argument . 
   that is not possible under the eu-reuglaionts . 
  the rules are pretty clear , if the state gives wrongly state-aid , the state has to demand back the state-aid . 
  the idea that it was ` state-aid ' is ludicrous . 
  it is n't as if they 're buying shares of apple to keep it afloat like germany does with vw . 
  under eu law , it is up to individual states to strike the right balance between corporate taxation and privately-generated economic development . 
  the commission knows this and that 's why they did n't come after ireland under the basis of fiscal policy . 
   not really , the taxation in the eu is an issue for quite a while , and the investigation for apple took several years ( i think they said 3 , but i might be wrong and it took 5 years , i am not sure ) . 
  and it is not like eu companies were never fined before , they were just cracked down earlier . 
  vw got itselfed fined by the eu in the early 2000 's using the same law , for receiving illegal subsidies . 
  it is just that nobody make a hugh report about it when it hits eu-companies . 
  google is too full of emissions for me to find anything relating to vw being hit with taxes for illegal subsidies in the early 2000s . 
  vivendi , airbus , vw ( still ) , fiat , db , etc ; all multi-nationals operating from the eu . 
  most ( all ? ), 
  of these companies operate under special taxation rules in respective countries in which they have operations . 
  there 's no evidence that i can find that these companies were sent tax-bills in the same manner that us companies are being obviously targeted . 
  the issue is that the eu is superseeding the taxation laws of member states . 
  they should be cracking down on ireland itself and not making a determination on much companies `` owe '' these nations despite their laws granting them certain exclusions . 
  the lack of eu based companies is raising eyebrows . 
  she 's talking eu while these companies made specific deals with member states . 
  they 're also taxing based on sales made in asia and africa . 
  feels like retaliation for actually fining vw and db for breaking the law . 
  the ends do n't justify the means .
