  everything else you 've stated is conjecture . 
   much higher 2015 hdi puts both countries in the second highest category for human development with russian federation @ .78 and china at .72 . 
  i would n't say `` much . '', 
  [ link to pdf report ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/sites/default/files/hdr_2015_statistical_annex.pdf ), 
  op is saying when converting purchasing power parity from one currency to ruble there is n't some magic fairy dust you can sprinkle to make it look better . 
  ppp is a matter of fact . 
  even in cases of murder threats and inciting violence i find the law to be intentionally vague , which is the issue i have with `` illegal '' speech . 
  in the us the burden of proof is extremely high in those cases and the criminal threat statutes are written to prohibit speech that results in others being placed in a `` legitimate fear of harm . '', 
  if you can define `` legitimate fear of harm '' other than `` you know it when you see it '' i think it would be fine , but the opaque nature of the law lends itself to abuse . 
  this is what i find to be absurd . 
  the idea of `` illegal '' speech is absurd . 
  true in some cases but the us press has a history of digging via freedom of information requests , using anonymous sources , etc. 
  the us has n't even confirmed that they were summoned , let alone that they had a plane flying without a transponder . 
  if it 's true i feel as though we have no business doing the very thing we get angry with russia for doing . 
  i 'm waiting to see the pentagon 's response . 
   bold in what way ? 
   pushing an agenda other than not so subtly hinting that the uk should stay in the eu , that the eu should n't be let people drown in the mediterranean , that they should probably get their shit together with their greece problem , and the that they should take defense seriously ... 
  i do n't think the us has pushed anything about the migrants . 
  and we 'd rather you not be overrun with economic migrants but germany seemed hell bent on allowing massive amounts of illegal migration . 
  those bases exist due to bilateral agreements . 
  if you 're equating us bases with the outright invasion and territorial infringements of russia with the placements of us bases there is something wrong with you . 
  when was the last us land grab ? 
  i 'm willing to bet you 're several generations removed from the last time the us decided to take another countries territory a la what is going on in georgia and ukraine . 
  do n't care . 
  i wan na treat them as i do my neighbors . 
  never see each other and a distant wave when we do . 
  honestly , if russia would just fuck right off and realize nobody wants jack shit out of that husk of a hyper paranoid slavic landscape the world would be better off . 
  what 's left ? 
  * poland is gone * finland is gone * ukraine is gone * kazakhstan is gone * georgia is gone * latvia is gone * moldova is gone * estonia is gone * lithuania is gone * kyrgyzstan is gone * tajikistan is gone * turkmenistan is gone * uzbekistan is gone * armenia is gone * azerbaijan is gone russia is n't an empire and nobody is interested in anything russia has to offer . 
  if russia would just wake the fuck up and realize nobody is even remotely interested in taking anything in russia it could quietly go about fixing its problems instead of blaming the us and the west . 
  hell , it could probably be a country that does n't feel threatened constantly if it manages to do that ... 
  but that is n't russia 's style . 
  it has n't russia 's style since it succumbed to its own stupidity with the fall of the russian empire . 
   the us still has military bases in europe . 
  yeah , because * russia * threatened to invade the rest of europe like it did with * all of the countries listed above * . 
  not because the us threatened russia . 
  you 're missing the entire `` european organizations '' bit . 
  you 're not going to be in those without holding european values . 
  i did n't say anything about the landmass - you 're setting up a straw man argument and then knocking it down . 
  your argument does n't hold any merit . 
  you 're saying they 're `` eastern '' and then say that term is does n't applying these days . 
  you said they were part of the eastern bloc but so was poland and part of germany . 
  see , guy , you have no real evidence . 
  you just do n't * want * them to be european . 
  maybe they 're not in your eyes , but they are according to the eu organizations in which they belong . 
  being european certainly qualifies you as being western in every other part of the world . 
   they are not western countries . 
  they 're western . 
  they 're members of european-specific organizations . 
  europe = western . 
   but the idea of calling georgia a western country is stunning . 
  really ? 
  a country that sits on the council of europe , the osce , and is a member of the eu free trade area does n't count as `` western '' to you ? 
  are you really going to lump them in with the mid-east ? 
   plus ` western ' and ` eastern ' are largely cold war terms , meaning both ukraine and georgia are not western . 
  changing your tune . 
  you 're wasting human potential on repetitive/labor intensive jobs . 
  all of those farm hands went on to other jobs eventually . 
  the service industry of today is the factory industry of yesterday and the farm industry before that . 
  new things do come along . 
  people retrain themselves . 
  in another generation you 'll have hipsters opening `` personalized shopping experiences with real cashiers '', 
  a. i caught it , your point is just ridiculous . 
  so is poland , and half of germany , and poor ol esti , and a number of other countries . 
  ukraine and georgia are western countries these days . 
  get with the times . 
  yeah , i guess you did . 
  thought you yuropes would be on top of your geography . 
  tell that to ukraine and georgia, 
  that thing would need to be air gapped entirely . 
  nothing like 16gigs of printer drivers, 
  op suggested we give back land , i 'm just pointing out hypocrisy . 
   americans , on the other hand , could reverse what happened this is garbage . 
  genetic variance does n't account for conquering in europe save for a few select groups . 
  sack greece and take the rest . 
  then , for whatever reason , we would all say `` yeah , well , war ... so , what can you do ? '', 
  if you 're just taking things from a culture because the current ruler has no interest in them ( e.g. 
  if you took some statue from tibet ) it 's a bit different . 
  your ancestors stole an island and you 've been there for 1400 years mucking about . 
  you still have holdings throughout the globe . 
  the irony of some brit talking about land grabs is n't lost on me . 
  your country flat out stole artwork from greece . 
  it should be returned . 
  stop trying to refocus the argument on manifest destiny . 
  especially when it was your country that started the decimation of the native peoples in north america ... every time the argument comes up you brits have no real reason to keep the art . 
  if us yanks suggest it should be returned you red herring the argument . 
  you can return artwork easily , you ca n't reasonably argue that the entire land mass of the us be returned to native people . 
  it 's an asinine argument and it betrays your lack of a worthwhile to keep the artwork . 
  it 's not a matter of momentary value . 
  those artifacts are part of their cultural heritage created by a culture . 
  land isnt anywhere near the same . 
  feel free to flare up so i can call out your own hypocrisy . 
  til that land and works of cultural significance are the same . 
  how is that a difficult question ? 
  the artifacts should belong to the culture that produced them , to be loaned out as they see fit . 
  in essence , yes , all of those should be returned . 
   follow the footprints of a successful federation - the usa . 
  this federation nearly broke apart over a human rights issue too . 
  at [ 750,000 + ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/03/science/civil-war-toll-up-by-20-percent-in-new-estimate.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=2 ) the us civil war cost more us lives than all other us-involved wars put together . 
  i ca n't see the eu favoring federalism to that degree .
