  nobody is advocating for a trade war but the eu is acting as a transnational tax authority . 
  personally i 'm all for it because it 'll force companies to repatriate their income and pay taxes to the us . 
  if we wanted to be real dicks we 'd revoke dbs banking charter in the us and bankrupt that bank overnight . 
  also we are fining companies for breaking specific laws . 
  the eu is taxing companies retroactively despite the member states offering specific deals . 
  apple is the most valuable company in the world at the moment so using them as the measuring stick is a bit dishonest . 
  the reason was desire to explore . 
  if china or the caliphates had been as interested they would have achieved the same outcome . 
  nah , the reason was to finance war ( gold ) , add to the coffers of the chuch by expanding church membership ( god ) , and to take new territories ( glory ) . 
  the 3 gs can sum up the age of discovery . 
  kingdoms did not finance fleets to satisfy their curiosity . 
   us overthrew wtf . 
  you mean the french and english started overthrowing a dictator and needed ammunitions and logistical support from the us . 
  gtfo of here with we did overthrew gaddafi revisionist bullshit . 
  the us did n't want anything to do with that mess from the start . 
   80k a year can be an incredibly good income in one part of the states , but in say ... the san francisco area i believe it 's very low because of how expensive sf is ? 
  nobody is being offered 80k out of school in sf/sv . 
  you 're being offered 100 ~ 150 depending on the company . 
  i should say that the offer is basically commensurate with the location though . 
  you can be offered 80k to work in cleveland and live like a king or you can take that ~ 130 in sf and enjoy your urban-middle-class-hipster life . 
  really depends on the person . 
  even with that i think average offers for cs grads are higher in the us than anywhere else in the world and the ceiling is much higher than anywhere else in the world . 
  top-tier developers in the us are earning well in excess of 200 yearly with bonus . 
   you get 30 days pto , but does your employer expect you to take all 30 each year ? 
  my friend works in the financial sector in ny . 
  officially they get 5 weeks off each year , but in reality he 's not expected to take much of it except for special occasions . 
  but that 's the financial sector ... so i 'm not sure if it 's the same for you guys in the software industry . 
  generally speaking we try not to take it all at once and it really depends on the department . 
  i blew through all of my pto last year because i need my sanity . 
  this year i 'll probably carry over around 10 days of pto to next year . 
   first of all 1 byte = 8 bits so your calculation is wrong . 
  yes , but in the us they ignore that fact for marketing . 
  if you sign up for 25mbps you get 2.5 ... 
  it 's annoying as hell to anyone who * knows * but it saves the average consumer a headache . 
   you must have misunderstood . 
  yeah , it was 5am . 
    you also generally just work 8-16 in the nordics , with a month 's worth of paid vacation off each year . 
  tons of other benefits as well . 
  that 's pretty standard for white collar work in the us . 
  i 've never had less than 30 days of pto total a year . 
  there are societal perks that the nordics provide that we sure as fuck do n't get though ... such as government provided health care , tertiary education , etc. 
   so it 's hard for me to see how there could be a brain drain , at least from the nordics . 
  i work for a multinational so while anecdotal i do n't see many nordics . 
  english , irish , scottish , spanish , french , the odd german or two . 
  op said 25 mb , not mbps . 
  you have 10 mb/100mbps edit : i should point out that in the us , because of marketing to consumers , it is 1:1 . 
  they ignore the 8 bits per byte algorithm altogether . 
  he 's saying 25 mb not 25 mbs , so 250 mbps, 
  sv salaries have recent grads receiving six figure offers and stock bonuses , so yes . 
  60k would be around average from starting out for ` b ' programs . 
  i mean if you look at the us immigration system you are more likely to end up in podunk than you are nyc . 
  buffalo , ny for example has a burgeoning immigrant population that is turning that city around . 
  manassas , va has a huge korean population that is left over from the days of single party rok that did wonders for that community . 
  the hmong population in detroit has revitalized entire neighborhoods . 
  the closest the us has for the eu immigrant issue is that of southern central america bypassing mexico to end up in the us and even then that population ends up being a net gain . 
  we do pretty well with immigrants despite the wall rhetoric and are a better country for it on a whole . 
  new ideas and traditions only serve to enrich our country . 
  i 'm not defending ops misbegotten ideas but i think multiculturalism adds to the american cultural experience ... that is that we have no culture . 
  your culture is our culture , and we all appreciate what is offered by you being here . 
  especially food . 
  bring good food and you 're in . 
  do i think europe should adopt this ? 
  european countries have a very distinct culture . 
  germany is n't france and neither are croatia . 
  i completely understand why europeans see multiculturalism in a different light . 
  it 's impacting their/your native culture ... and aside from bald eagles , eating a fuckton of food , shooting guns , and blowing random shit up we do n't really have those notions in the us . 
  nah , it 's on op, 
  op could have been implying the `` quality '' of votes matters , which i think , when looking at eu voting , most certainly does . 
  lumping all votes up as equal is disingenuous . 
  additionally if the uk was leveraging its ability to threaten to leave it would help to explain the `` 95 % '' win streak . 
  you want germany to be so powerful as to guarantee your safety the same way we do canada ? 
  different shades of slightly different green ? 
  really ? 
  just not us corporations, 
  arm is being bought by softbank , a japanese conglomerate . 
  i just thought it was a funny example of a british company when it 's in the middle of being acquired by a company a world away . 
  why would a bank invest in a company that is n't experiencing growth ? 
  where 's the roi ? 
  why would it lend for housing if housing prices are falling ? 
  you 're basically asking for a repeat of 2007-2008 where lending ground to a halt . 
  there is no instance where consumer saving is equivalent to consumer spending . 
  how do you grow an economy when everyone is saving ? 
  how do you create jobs for a new generation ? 
  [ damn !, 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/com.gif ), 
  well we 're still in / r/europe so i 'm trying to figure out what the fuck happened on the 9th of november . 
  the us is obligated to fund the egyptian military under the israel-egypt treaty of 79 . 
  ... the us is second only to china when it comes to exports . 
  the us is also incredibly wealthy and imports a ridiculous amount of goods . 
  just because you say it does n't mean the legal framework supports that idea . 
  the us ca n't force an eu multinational to breakup and viceversa . 
  get out of your own head . 
  your whole rant , about the eu being accused of being protectionist ( which it is , beyond any doubt ) is moot and does nothing to add to your argument . 
  good luck banning an internet company from operating `` inside of the eu '' without a great chinese firewall . 
  i 'm aware but the point still stands . 
  the us will need to act to break up google . 
  too bad the eu ca n't split up an american company . 
  muh munitions !, 
  looks a bit out of place when compared to it 's neighbors . 
  iraq had the third largest army during desert storm .
