  2.5-5 most common and often low quality lunch . 
  5-10 can get you better meats and higher quality food . 
  please gib kebab like in germany . 
  had a black couchsurfer once . 
  went to maxima to buy some beer and the cashier went crazy when my guest wanted to give some money to her hand . 
  like she would get a disease or something . 
  then later we went to bars and i was told to take my monkey and leave or they would beat us up . 
  all this happened before this refugee crisis that has made more people crazy . 
  so yeah estonia is racist . 
  only solution i see is getting more different people here to make people more used having them . 
  abusing allies and tourists is the worst . 
  how stupid can you be ? 
  estonia is 16th . 
  most are saying they do n't like this and would want to secure europe 's borders but no other party is actively against refugee quotas or making a huge deal out of this . 
  not sure i want our most conservatives to power . 
  their mp had this to say the other day `` meie vihkame homosid ja neegreid p\u00e4riselt ja see pole mingi n\u00e4item\u00e4ng '' -  `` we hate homos and niggers for real and this is no play '' . 
  latest polls show 10 % support for them and it has been rising . 
  i know there are treaties that prevent us from sending problematic people back but this is just wrong . 
  there are more people than we can help so we should just stop caring about the bad ones and not let them stay . 
  when people and logic are being ignored because of some piece of paper people will vote in new people who will not care about treaties . 
  edit : missed a word, 
  pretty dumb article . 
  the plan was for something like 2 years . 
  estonia has said all along that we start in the end of this year and the amount will be divided to two years . 
  i 'd like to see gaming statistics . 
  single player vs online multiplayer . 
  self-driving buses and trucks should solve the problem soon . 
  getting matching regulations means compromises and the public seems to not understand how important it is . 
  i lived there so i know it is better . 
  we had to move because respiratory problems . 
  power does not always mean tanks . 
  it means buying politicians , getting control over media and key businesses . 
  things have actually improved a lot since soviet union . 
  the area where they produced electricity was very polluted . 
  russia does not use positive relationships to get countries under it 's control . 
  they use power and they do n't care about feels . 
  so what is the correct level of security to be able to carry out a vote ? 
  also secure regular elections are impossible . 
  stop democracy ? 
  electronic voting gets more popular with each elections in estonia . 
  pro-russia party is actively working against it because they do n't receive too many votes this way . 
  estonia is developed in a way that you need a car to go everywhere . 
  there is almost no street level businesses . 
  just houses for sleeping and watching tv , office buildings for working and shopping centers for free time and you need a car to travel between these places . 
  i do n't go to church and i do n't know anybody that does . 
  i do n't pray before eating and have n't seen anybody do that in years . 
  also there were special stores for veterans . 
  with sausages and stuff like that . 
  they just stopped mindless bloodshed under khrushchev . 
  stalin as an icon on posters and books still remained . 
  we also had statues of lenin everywhere . 
  greece is still an island when it comes to schengen . 
  born in the soviet union . 
  people were more helpful to each other i think . 
  everyone was equally poor . 
  few people had a car . 
  most lived in a commieblock . 
  in school there was a compulsory potato picking for the older classes . 
  we had a picture of stalin in our school books . 
  some goods were not available in stores but were there for people with connections and for favors . 
  no supermarkets and very few stores compared to nowadays . 
   if it was russian they may want to retaliate russians respect power . 
  i doubt they would retaliate . 
  what if russia gives sweden an ultimatum in a form of a nuclear bomb . 
  would they risk it ? 
  maybe they promised not to take austria so that they could free it from occupying forces ? 
  air route to baltics that can avoid kaliningrad . 
  it can be worse . 
  there are politicians in estonia who can not speak estonian . 
  there was an interview with one such politician and all he could say was `` ei kommentaari '' something like `` no commenting '' . 
  they had a person show a pen color to indicate how they should vote . 
  we have military training in the woods during winter and people sleep in tents . 
  germans are n't very motivated to have kids . 
  maybe you can start giving those who have less than 2 a refugee or two to take care of . 
  i think this racist comment was a swedish joke to make fun of how my answer would be treated by some swedish politicians . 
  `` due to the opposition they have faced , many migrants have instead headed to countries that are perceived as more welcoming to accept them , including sweden and germany . '', 
  right . 
  nothing to do with benefit sizes just how welcoming countries are . 
  he wants russia to be a global power . 
  100 per country on rotation ? 
  this would mean that in some years there are thousands of british troops who have some training when it comes to fighting in our nature and climate . 
  so they are actually able to send trained troops here when real danger arises . 
  i would like to thank our allies for doing this . 
  hope we can be good hosts and they will have a good time here . 
  our media does not cover him too much . 
  there have been news on what the current state of the republicans are but that is it . 
  what do i think of him ? 
  i think he would sell us to russia unlike bush who actually made a trip here before he started running for president . 
  you are aware that english is a germanic language right ? 
   well , unless you 're in it . 
  where can i sign up for this cheapness ? 
  prices like this existed in estonia maybe 15 years ago . 
  estonia is too nordic for commonwealth . 
  you can get lithuania , do n't know about latvia but not estonia . 
  estonia is also very homo . 
  please do not come . 
  i think it is the other way around . 
  alex jones is spreading the russian views and lies . 
  send them to eastern europe of course . 
  salty licorice ice cream .
