  we do n't have many immigrants except russians and there have been stories in the media for some 10 years now that soon they will come and destroy our country . 
  so now that some refugees are coming people totally freaked out . 
  oh please . 
  we have n't asked for eu help . 
  we are helping greece . 
  defense wise we do n't count on european countries . 
  cv.ee is the most popular . 
  cvkeskus.ee is another . 
  not sure why so few people from finland come here to work . 
  we have companies with people all over the world working for them but almost no finns . 
  are there some pride issues ? 
  i 'm a developer in tallinn . 
  after taxes and rent i 'm left with about 1500 euros . 
  i rent near the old town . 
   eh , sign me up ? 
  estonia is hiring . 
  in tallinn you can ask for more than 1500 euros a month . 
  economic left/right : -3.63 social libertarian/authoritarian : -4.0, 
  some years ago estonians had to serve in soviet military . 
  they also got some people who said they did n't want pork . 
  in two months they were eating everything that was given to them . 
  i guess these refugees are not suffering yet . 
  i think even estonians are not welcome in v\u00f5ru or other small places in estonia . 
  at least going to a local bar is like asking for a fight . 
  that being said tallinn is very racist as well . 
  i have had problems going out to the old town with couchsurfers . 
  i 'd rather not say what i have been told . 
  irl and estonian center party said in their statement that this could be attempted murder . 
  vabaerakond talked about why this could have happened but did n't say much about this at all . 
  ekre supports the arsonists . 
  others condemned these cowardly actions . 
  i 'm pretty sure this/these people will be caught and trying to burn down a house where people live in would need a quite hard punishment . 
  i have read news about germans burning down refugee centers . 
  lets throw germany out of eu for that . 
  very positively . 
  the only western ally that seems to understand our situation . 
  when i play online with americans they often asked sort of worriedly how they are viewed in my country because they seem to think that all of europe hates them . 
  food costs pretty much the same . 
  western-europe has same products with better ingredients . 
  clothes are cheaper in germany . 
  street food like kebab has the same price but you can find better kebab in germany . 
  so at least in estonia it is not much cheaper . 
  just less money to spend . 
  sweden joining nato would help defend baltics a lot . 
  they own quite a big portion of baltic countries and it would be good for them to keep the money flowing . 
  i do n't really know what we are not agreeing with . 
  estonia has agreed with pretty much everything eu or nato has asked us to do . 
  i wonder what would estonia have to do . 
  bring them to estonia in handcuffs and keep them in guarded prison camps so they ca n't run to germany or sweden ? 
  seems to be easier than coming to estonia . 
   and the baltic states were hit hard by the financial crisis , but recovered pretty thousands of estonians just moved to finland . 
  estonia was unwilling to use loans to soften the blow instead profitable state companies were sold and we kept good finances and got the euro for that . 
  now we are forced to take loans anyway to pay for greece . 
  yes . 
  throw out the baltics because you read one internet comment that did n't match your opinion . 
  we share a lot of things . 
  yet living in tallinn it is very hard to see much everyday connection with lithuania . 
  we have much more business and work relations with finland . 
  i think latvia is close to us but in trouble with corruption . 
  so i do n't see us leaving latvia but with lithuania there is not much visible connection . 
  western capital has made a killing in the ee . 
  still more than ee that must pay your debts . 
  i think people living in poland did not use their refugee rights and are not in debt in that regard . 
  these are the people who stayed . 
  i think it all depends on what school they went to . 
  when they went to an estonian school they are usually well integrated . 
  russian schools on the other hand produce russians that are still quite like their immigrant parents . 
  average salary here is more than 1k . 
  latvia is somewhere around 700 so there is a noticable difference . 
  we are losing some cheap manufacturing to cheaper lithuania . 
  more latvians should move here . 
   universal employment too bad for a lot of estonians this meant forced labor/prison camps in siberia . 
  i agree with the sense of community that i remember from my childhood . 
  but i also remember how we did n't have meat products to eat . 
  90s with foreign products and tv was the most amazing change and it was worth it . 
  all of my class is doing much better than people in the soviet union . 
  i understand that for many russians things did not improve and they lost the security and community they had and gained nothing . 
  you ca n't fix the whole world . 
  not everyone can be rich and not everyone can have food and clean water . 
  i doubt lidl forces people to make jeans at gunpoint or that lidl established minimum salary limits in some countries . 
  germans are like this as well . 
  i sometimes do some stupid jokes that how could you say that or that was a wrong thing to say and they become very worried and sorry . 
  it 's funny to me . 
  we have more land than denmark . 
  fun fact . 
  finland has a deficit similar in size to estonia 's entire budget . 
  and lets never have different currencies as well . 
  they all had russian names . 
  too bad we will never see that day . 
  for some reason you guys feel super threatened by smaller countries . 
   sure it is way easier to bribe a policeman in eastern europe i dare you try that in estonia . 
  only people who still do it are latvian tourist who do n't know they ca n't . 
  the main issue is how slovakia calls their country : slovensk\u00e1 republika . 
  russia ca n't move 100 % of it 's forces to attack poland . 
  poland on the other hand would mobilize everything to defend . 
  you can see tallinn from the last picture . 
  too close for comfort . 
  i have been advised to buy barilla and de cecco . 
  one italian living in estonia said that a lot of pizza and pasta we have he would not dare call pizza and pasta . 
  as a kid my mother made me pasta with ketchup and some ground meat quite often .
