  su had a lot of closed towns . 
  you could n't freely go to our pretty islands and why would you go to the seaside ? 
  are you trying to escape glorious su ? 
  there have been 0 cases like that in estonia . 
  in tartu this part of city is called annelinn . 
  it is designed to be an ampritheater with 5-story building on the bottom and the 9-story buidlings in the back . 
  they completed half of the arc and then luckily the soviet union collapsed . 
  these new buildings would likely have been filled with russians that did n't come as well . 
  planning is definitely one of the best . 
  quite nice views from the towers as well . 
  there is a clock ticking in estonia as well . 
  we are nowhere close to replacing old buildings . 
  there will be a time when massive amounts of buildings will become too old at the same time . 
  some 10-15 years ago i did n't even know these things exist . 
  i have met local russians with the weirdest understanding of history . 
  i 'm starting to question our estonias approach to eu . 
  we do whatever germany wants and then still get blamed . 
  so we should just do nothing and demand everything because we get the blame anyway . 
  estonia is a free country where you can choose to create a company and buy stuff from somewhere or sell somewhere . 
  the government does not control these things . 
  the numbers are so small because unfortunately it is very hard to work with russia . 
  e. missing letter, 
  giving up on being the sole superpower would be the worst thing the us could do and i 'm pretty sure this will not happen . 
   eu should be the ones dealing with russia 's involvement in ukraine , because russia is a threat to them the us does not want any new superpower to form in europe . 
  be it germany or russia . 
  so it needs to stop empires from forming because destroying them later is more costly . 
  so unless the us wants to give up it 's only superpower position it must stay in europe and keep russia away . 
  estonia is pretty empty and not growing . 
  regarding your credit comment . 
  everything costs how much people are willing to pay and people are willing to take 30-40 years of credit to buy . 
  i have heard you can take a home loan for 60 years in sweden . 
  that 's some borat level politics . 
  same goes for post-communist estonia . 
  first i 'm thinking russia drew that map but then i noticed intact ukraine . 
  what a strange map of europe . 
  can someone give russia some transponders please . 
  russia never changes . 
  if i remember correctly the quotas are in place . 
  do n't know what are you talking about refusing . 
  estonia : 4 seasons although the last good winter was ~ 5 years ago . 
  ease of doing things online : banking , voting , e-health stuff , taxes take 5 min etc. 
  the country is pretty much empty compared to many other countries . 
  what is warm enough to swim by slovenian standards ? 
  here 18 degrees in the sea is swimmable . 
  riga has way more direct flights than tallinn and this is definitely positive to your businesses . 
  we might export electricity but definitely not energy in total . 
  do n't know about kremlin but local russians call us fascist when they are upset . 
  public wifi is a nice thing but mobile data without roaming fees would be even better . 
   help them get over the winter . 
  what do they eat during summers ? 
  bugs and grass ? 
  pretty sure the russians have wanted to be under russia the whole time . 
  long time before they even knew who putin was . 
  there is nothing we could have done in a couple of decades to change that . 
  all we can do is continue building a better country and wait because time is on our side . 
  i know some russians who actually would want russia to invade us . 
  i do n't understan how otherwise smart people can be so stupid but they are . 
  in it you only need english . 
  most other fields of work require estonian or russian . 
  kids seem to learn it just fine so it ca n't be too hard  edit : missing word, 
  i guess the wages here are also hardly livable or it must be the weather because i have n't seen any greek people here . 
  i read a book about a gru officer who fled to west . 
  he wrote that they had quite extensive policies to support all kinds of movements/organizations that could have made their enemies weaker . 
  my girlfriend was pretty mad she did n't get the rose . 
  could not explain her why we do n't take roses from roma . 
  my mother works in finland and she tells horror stories about bureaucracy . 
  we might not be rich here but things work quite easily here . 
  coming back from germany . 
  we think we have good bread but the reality is unfortunately not so good . 
  there is no good kebab in tallinn . 
  next thing applies also to coming back from finland . 
  there is no need to watch out for bikes when crossing bike lanes that do not exist in tallinn . 
  i think estonia is already under german rule again . 
  we do n't mind . 
  have driven through poland several times and the air always feels very bad there . 
  the contrast is especially sick when you have spent a week skiing in the alps . 
  is tax money free money ? 
  google translate : visiting tallinn transport and communications anne berner says today described the joint ticket for the project virolaiskollegalleen . 
  on monday , he talked about his thoughts with the norwegian minister of transport . 
  `` the idea is to get all the possible means of transport : trains , buses , planes , taxis , car and bicycle rentals under the same ticketing system . 
  joint ticket to function mobile first in the nordic countries and in estonia , why sometimes the whole of europe , `` berner explains . 
  berner , the reception has been so far at least neighboring countries very positive . 
  officially , the project is expected to give a boost to helsinki next february . 
  joint ticket idea was born berner 's initiative . 
  ticket purchased in a mobile phone . 
  `` the aim is that people should be as easy to navigate . 
  after all , it creates a dynamism and economic growth . 
  the system must also be technically simple , there is no need to think about which country , which currency . 
  when you prices must advance also knows immediately what you pay for . '', 
  `` if you want to move faster , you pay more . 
  and you always know in what kind of environment you leave a trail , `` berner grasp . 
  the technology to create a common flag is the berner that already exists . 
  `` unintentional this is the most now closed . 
  and the fact that we are ready to open data interfaces as well as to harmonize the transport market . 
  different entrepreneurs should be able to operate on the same system with the state actors . '', 
  `` it is a bit the same as the opening of the telecommunications market in the 1980s . 
  if this seems to me to catch , joint ticket materialize as early as next year . '', 
  i 'd like to visit as well . 
  waiting for estonia to catch up a bit before visiting norway and switzerland, 
  1.35-2 .5 euros for a soviet era lunch place that has not changed in decades .
