  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njbbakwoeeq it 's really good, 
  in their defense i would like point out that they were surprisingly nice and calm . 
  very finnish of them . 
  oh how i wish there was at least one bakery in estonia that would have similar products like in german bakeries . 
  this has worked for me in estonia . 
  maybe this figure contains finnish alcohol tourists . 
  some years ago i went to the same gym with this guy  . 
  he has more shitty videos and songs . 
  i have been thinking of buying audio technica m50x headphones . 
  price in amazon.de is 129 . 
  prices in estonia according to hinnavaatlus.ee ordi : 169 elion : 198 01 . ee : 152.70 galador : 154.80 pcsto : 171.54 arvutitark : 177.35 atf arvutisalong : 178.50 digisalong : 182 1s . ee : 185.15 e-kauplus . ee : 230 photopoint : 265.99 same goes for many other items . 
  checked also one sports watch and difference was similar . 
  do n't know if it is a smart idea to be # 1 here . 
  we should not be competitive because we are cheap . 
  we should be competitive because of high quality of people and ease of doing business . 
  not sure if it is a good thing . 
  it 's good to be competitive but competitive by being cheap will probably not make us rich . 
   no one else in europe likes us any more . 
  it 's sad really that russia has managed to alienate everyone . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous . 
  the prices in estonia are often 50 % higher than in amazon.de . 
  i guess that is the reason why more people from russia are actually moving to estonia . 
  nowadays usa is the most important one . 
  economically i think sweden , finland and germany . 
  some have a special deal where they do n't have any citizenship and are allowed to travel freely in eu and russia without any visas . 
  so by choosing one side they would lose some benefits they have . 
  about half of the russians here are not even citizens . 
  so we could n't lose their respect as citizens . 
  any examples of discrimination ? 
  i suggest you use couchsurfing.com . 
  you will meet locals who can show you around and might be able to help you quite a bit . 
  yes these poor people are forced to learn the local language of the countries they occupied . 
  such discrimination . 
  just the other day they showed an albanian girl who has lived in estonia for 3 years and she spoke estonian without an accent . 
  also i have heard mormon missionaries speak estonian after being here less than a year . 
  they do n't care what the truth is . 
  the goal is to give a fair balanced overview of topics . 
  also they give a way for our russians to express their problems and happy moments about current events . 
  so that they would be more part of estonia . 
  this will not be a propaganda weapon . 
  the woman in charge said that they will be quite free and they will also bring pro russia people on shows but will try to balance things . 
  the goal is not to try to show what russian media is doing wrong and that their history is wrong . 
  this will try to be a fair and balanced platform so they would be more in the loop of what is going on in estonia . 
  lets everybody tell how other countries should be run . 
  lets not care how people actually living there want to decide . 
  fun fact . 
  our president is/was american as well . 
  baltics are different countries that ca n't even agree on building a free railroad to europe . 
  they host massive military exercises on how to occupy us . 
  this is not something normal neighbors do . 
  it started here almost overnight a few years ago . 
  now all of online medias social content is completely overwhelmed by russian propaganda . 
  validation commentator accounts with id-card has not helped as well because there are people spreading russian views under their name . 
  our media is manipulated that most people believe brexit has already done wonders and eu should be destroyed . 
  also people are super negative about our government and our president . 
   estonia chose to follow the us model . 
  in what exactly ? 
  it will be used . 
  maybe people would need some convincing but it will be used for more than defense . 
  it would be foolish not to . 
  estonia must be occupied because we would choose kalmar union or merkelreich . 
  estonia is working on legislation to fix that . 
  but i think they are not allowed on bus lanes like taxis . 
  we are also working on making them pay taxes automatically and in a continuous way without any tax reports . 
  germany will send it 's troops to lithuania . 
  canada to latvia . 
  during wwi great britain helped us with defending the seas from soviets and we managed to declare our independence . 
  a century later they are here again helping to defend our independence . 
  as an estonian i must say thank you !, 
  swedish women should not be allowed outside without a male companion . 
  also better cover all this blonde hair . 
  from trying to conquer the world . 
  skyscrapers in moscow look really nice . 
  i have been to st petersburg and would like to visit moscow one day as well . 
  maybe when relations between our countries improve . 
  looks like a mast on top of it though . 
  there have been news here as well that everything has recovered . 
  this paints a picture to people that it 's fine leaving the eu . 
  is it some crappy band that tries to sell their cd in car park to raise money for us trip to make it big there ? 
  we have had a few of those and none have made it big this way . 
  i guess they just buy beer with the money . 
  same for finnish people in tallinn . 
  they look like they have done a lot of business in our alcohol stores . 
  who needs this expertise and experts anyway . 
  powerful eu president and have each country have it 's own foreign policy . 
  makes no sense . 
  i doubt estonia wants to be left with v4 . 
  history shows german side usually loses in the end . 
  you thought people move to narva . 
  i tried to explain that it is not the case but clearly failed to make that clear to you . 
  narva is running out of people fast . 
  tallinn and surrounding areas are growing nicely . 
  tartu is floating along . 
  i might be an optimist but i think estonian population starts growing soon . 
  we have lots of free land and improving living conditions . 
  i think people from more crowded places will move here in greater numbers . 
  you also have siemens and beer . 
  i think they do want a unified europe but it must be a very close ally not a competitor to them . 
  this would mean treaties that favor the us a bit more and keep them in charge of things more or less . 
  we can corrupt them .
