  also with some cheaper ketchup than heinz . 
  how about just do n't do it ? 
  i would n't say it is rushed . 
  to me it seems like it has taken forever already and still not done . 
  what shitstorm ? 
  benefits of having quite young and open minded people running the country . 
  we are also working to create a direct link to the tax office so that companies who do n't use cash do n't have to do any tax declarations in the near future . 
  in the 90s there were russians vs estonians killing each other . 
  nowadays there are news that the chechen gang leader was arrested and there are several estonian names in there . 
  so i would say integration is working great . 
  it will take more time still . 
  and even more time for areas where there are only russians living . 
  that was more than 20 years ago . 
  we had about 400 murders and 400 missing per year then . 
  things have calmed down a lot since then . 
  you guys either have much better maximas or way worse rimis . 
  maximas in estonia are ugly and shitty with soviet mentality workers . 
  would never choose maxima over rimi . 
  esperanto would be nice . 
  most likely english will continue to dominate . 
  french and german could get some influence back once uk leaves the eu . 
   like encourage people to learn at least one slavic language nope . 
  compared to the 90s it has gone down many many times . 
  you guys steal our cars and build these ugly maxima stores here . 
  on the positive side you do sell us lng gas . 
  i do n't think estonia feels a strong connection with anything south of latvia . 
  but i guess we will listen and see if it benefits us . 
  we have a pro russian dairy products producer tere . 
  the owner said we should not care about crimea and do business . 
  he is going bankrupt now . 
  while i agree with what you say we are still more connected with finland . 
  tallinn and helsinki are very close and there is much more going on between us than with tallinn and riga . 
  we should get latvia more under our influence though . 
  lithuania can go with poland and we take latvia to nordics , 
  the us will not go the isolationism way . 
  they will continue to rule the world and we will count on them . 
  brexit and le pen do n't change our relations with the us . 
  we do n't count on france or germany for our continued independence . 
  with brexit we would still keep our good military cooperation with gb . 
  people that fled from crimea to estonia would disagree . 
  we really do n't care about any changes to the better or worse in russia . 
  all we care about is that russian military superiority in our area be matched . 
  having this superiority is way more dangerous than a lunatic in control . 
  russians only understand strength and will continue pushing until they are stopped by force . 
  we are under heavy information war for 2-3 years now that is preparing the population against eu and nato . 
  we need help now and i do n't care what some german thinks . 
  i know we are hiring russian software developers . 
  if you have some experience then there are plenty of jobs that pay many times more than that . 
  workinestonia.com also we already have russians here and all doctors and state people usually speak russian so i would imagine it would be quite easy to adjust . 
  i would say seniors can find around 3000 a month before taxes . 
  depends on the company and 5k might be possible for some . 
  some companies will help with relocation and can even give an apartment . 
  if you are seriously interested then take a look at workinestonia.com this is for it people . 
  it 's common to be nude in the sauna and then drink beer almost nude . 
  i have seen foreigners feel uncomfortable in that situation . 
  last time had to count three times to figure out who gets one seat . 
  it was changing every time and it seemed like a joke and made paper voting feel not that accurate . 
  if central party wins electronic elections then i start believing that it was hacked . 
  comparing the percentages to voting boxes results would indicate that there was a large scale attack . 
  i do n't think this does it . 
  doing taxes in a couple of minutes online is one of the best things in my opinion . 
  and voting boxes are fraud proof . 
  yeah that was really good . 
  both sexes were equally carless . 
  common even for people in the thirties here . 
  keskerakond - populist pro-russia , against eu , undermine the government , the president , laws ekre - hate lgbt people , hate immigrants and any black people , undermine the government and the president , leave eu , drop some foreign treaties . 
  pretty much nazis that want to screw the country up badly . 
  if putin had been friendly to the baltics in the beginning he would have had much stronger support and influence here . 
  i think people liked this tough guy thing but not when he is against you . 
  this was a strategical error and they are now trying to get influence with some political parties . 
  i think in latvia they are quite successful . 
  here they only have tallinn but support for keskerakond and ekre has risen and the next parliamentary elections are quite important . 
  we are being robbed by statoil here . 
  oil prices go down and fuel prices go up . 
  statoil explains that they do n't sell oil and fuel factories are asking for this price and they ca n't do anything about it . 
  they do n't mention they also own the fuel factories . 
  my guess is it is about 1.10 - 1.20 $ a liter range in slovenia . 
  quite common to put something up here but we do n't have any permits . 
  quite often it is not a sign but some balloons tied to places to direct people . 
  there are talks here quite often that we are also turning into a boring nordic country . 
  not always true . 
  we lost most people during the financial crisis . 
  they were mostly people who lost their jobs and they were more likely less educated . 
  it 's just so easy to go and work in finland . 
  thanks to eu a lot of less capable people and also criminals left for better opportunities . 
  you do n't hear much loud estonian being spoken but some other languages and it is annoying that some people have to make so much noise in a public place . 
  being on time is important and you should warn the other person when you will be more than 5 minutes too late . 
  plastic bags were a big thing . 
  having a foreign plastic bag was something special . 
  my first banana was amazing . 
  this was available in one of the stores where you had to use german money . 
  regular stores had nothing special to offer . 
  also it 's much more likely that i buy something from latvia and lithuania when driving through . 
  wish poland would join as well . 
  in estonia the buttons work but they produce no different result from not pressing the button . 
  i hate it when germans in my company say we will do something week 36 . 
  i have no clue . 
  should i start counting from the start of the year to figure out when week 36 is ? 
  i usually just ignore this info and wait for it to be put in the shared calendar . 
  [ coord ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@58.3734276,26.7773296,3a,75y,127.49h,87.92t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s_4dzuhaexxss9g8uggpzkw!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo2.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d_4dzuhaexxss9g8uggpzkw%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d226.26056%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656 ),
