i saw a couple of weeks ago on cnn an interview with sarah palin . 
  doubt it . 
  we are already learning american . 
  but german influence over other countries will definitely grow and german might become more popular again . 
  why lol k ? 
  only 10 % of indians speak english . 
  sometimes it seems that for some the curse words are not really for cursing . 
  they just drop 2-3 of them in each sentence . 
  i worked with 2 indians from different parts of india and they barely spoke english . 
  i think the local languages are very strong there . 
  nothing . 
  i think it was pretty clear we are for it . 
  we would have likely agreed with continuous quotas as well . 
  with germans complaining that eastern europe does n't want them people thought that estonia is also against but we always do what germany wants . 
  if you do n't care that our ex pm and current mayor of our capital and the most popular politician is detained because of bribes then there is nothing else we could post about estonian politics . 
  yes he does . 
  but financed with tax payers money . 
  he controls several newspapers and tallinn tv by being the mayor . 
   while the smaller ones try to weasel out of it estonia is also small but i do n't remember us officially weaseling out of anything . 
  so when did we ask for help ? 
  center party has a very different platform from putin . 
  closest to putin is ekre . 
  73 comments in and still waiting for sexy oktoberfest pictures . 
  very bad title . 
  when czech republic is against something does not mean that this applies to all of eastern europe . 
  do n't think anybody here wants to close borders with finland and latvia . 
  they get respect in the middle east maybe . 
  here they will be laughed at . 
  had a vacation there this summer . 
  such a wonderful country . 
  would choose this over shitty nordic weather if i had to choose a place in europe . 
  not at all . 
  i really do n't care what they want . 
  i will be more sucessful here than most them will be in their dream lands . 
  i have had teargas training with gas masks on and it was still bad . 
  so this gif is pretty legit . 
  it should wear off quite fast though . 
  just demanding things seems to work quite well these days . 
  do n't think that we would want to be a burden to anybody and would probably want to work for our money . 
  prices in estonia are around 5 euros . 
  cheaper ones can be found but they are much smaller than the ones i have had in germany . 
  also i noticed that in germany the meat is made of actual pieces of meat but here it is like some smooth ground meat or something . 
  i always wonder how can the kebabs in germany cost so little . 
  cheaper and better tasting compared to estonia . 
  because we make nice money from the ferries our politicians usually do n't want this tunnel . 
  so it is good that we are starting to look into this . 
  read again . 
  if the same thing happened here people would be angry that police let that person go instead of shooting him . 
  then if that person still gets asylum people would vote the super conservative party next elections . 
  this is something you will never be able to explain to people coming from soviet union . 
  if you come to our country causing trouble we do n't care if you will be tortured to death when we send you back . 
  opened `` nordic countries '' menu :(, 
  georgians have a cross on their flag . 
  but you said that larger countries are closer to 2 % than smaller ones . 
  now you are talking about total amount available for defense . 
   i never said that all the smaller countries were capable of defending themselves , they 'd all go running to the uk , france and germany , who are closer to the 2 % goal . 
  those are the countries that would actually be doing most of the fighting . 
  estonia  2 % , germany 1.23 % . 
  we would not run to germany for military help . 
  russia never attacks other countries . 
  largest land area just heppened somehow . 
  not aggressive expansionist at all . 
  i was wondering why some people try to get to finland through denmark . 
  baltics were just not on their guide . 
  baltics disagree as well . 
  estonia has not rejected . 
  why not belarus ? 
  eu needs unified benefits by purchasing power and the same rules for getting your family members . 
  i like how riga feels like more of a city . 
  our old town is better i guess and most tourists only see that . 
  i 'd say estonia has quite competent people there . 
  except for one who is representing imperialist russia . 
  actually she is also competent but her goals differ . 
  out of the first quota round this was our number to accept . 
  the number came from eu . 
  what did we do wrong there ? 
  answers are outdated now . 
  we should talk about new numbers . 
  the questions are clearly about a situation that is now old . 
  that is a little old and out of context . 
  this was about the mood after the first round when estonia accepted the 170 refugee quota . 
  the article was about not being ok with 3500 out of 160 000 . 
  i 'm already afraid of estonia turning . 
  some people have started to support our super conservative anti-eu party that seems to get help from our largest pro-russia party . 
  social democrats have been overtaken and want to form a coalition with pro-russia party . 
  pro-eu parties are in corruption scandals and losing popularity . 
  when you remove the racists , anti-eu , anti lgbt rights and pro-russia i 'm left with corrupt liberals and social democrats . 
  the only problem with the social democrats is that they really want to make a coalition with the pro-russia party . 
  so i might give my vote to pro-eu liberal corrupt party . 
  if 100k is a city then 2 . 
  i was just kidding . 
  ca n't go to germany because you guys are too serious , 
  i 'm starting to want to move to germany as well now . 
  seems to be the place to go to . 
  good to know that 6m balts have control over italy now . 
  i 'm all for removing unequal agricultural benefits . 
  let 's compete on the same level . 
  during the crisis the people who lost their jobs went to finland . 
  less educated people were more likely to lose their job . 
  while the people are against it i think we will eventually do our part anyway and take whatever number the eu wants .
