  seems almost fitting i 'd say . 
  actually poor people are overrepresented in the statistics and recently immigrated stands a much larger chance of ending up in the working class . 
  during the nineties and yearly start of the new century individuals of balkan descent were overrepresentated , now that thats a further generation away they arent anymore , nor are they as much overrepresented in the working class . 
  much of seeming immigration issues can often be boiled down to class issues . 
    even if this were the case we would have to make a qualitative analysis to see if that was the case . 
  we ca n't just guess what some are thinking without any evidence of it . 
  we might then push an issue which the assumed opressed group dont have any correlation with . 
   let us say that no one is bothered by this , not a single person in said city cares . 
  is unnecessary gender segregation really something you 'd want to be tolerated in your country ? 
  i though you did n't wannas talk about this anymore ? 
   well i 'd assume that the essence of this is quite obvious : should religion get privileges to the point where said privilege goes against the values of the country ? 
  well seeing how segregated swiming was the norm barely more than a century ago you would first have to prove that its presence now goes against our countries values . 
  ( speaking as a swede , not that many are bothered about it . 
  do n't get me wrong , the usual people asuming muslims are always to blame when something happends are sure to be pissed as usual by i have yet to met or heard of a person beinh agitated about it . ), 
  oh really ? 
  just like the rampant immigrations and asylums from the balkans in the nineties evidently turned swedens part of the peninsula to scandibalcany ? 
  and what is that exactly ? 
  any proof , evidence or real reason to hold that belief ? 
  or are you simply of the same reasoning as america or germany when they would n't let jews in to universities during the early twentiefh century ? 
  ( `` you do n't want to give them more influence than the already have '' ), 
  ( som du inte vet n\u00e5got om f\u00f6r\u00f6vrigt ) * uhm , i never said that media is n't `` leftist '' . 
  you also missed to mention that newspapers/magazines in majority have rightist biases . 
  as a rult journalists are leftists while the paper themselves are right leaning . 
  * * furthermore you are more than welcome to point out any falsehood in my comment . 
  or wont you have an actual conversation with me simply because of my political leanings ? 
  ( which you know knothing about by the way ) * edit : its one hour later and note that he did n't answer my comment . 
   perhaps people do n't dare to speak up ? 
  we simply do not know . 
  i do n't think we ought to wait until people start to complain either ; religion enforced gender segregation should not be allowed , ever . 
  even if this were the case we would have to make a qualitative analysis to see if that was the case . 
  we ca n't just guess what some are thinking without any evidence of it . 
  we might then push an issue which the assumed opressed group dont have any correlation with . 
   let 's discuss the essence here rather than ramble about your country or how we 're demonizing a group of people . 
  sure , wouldnt mind doing that but then you will have to tell me what the question that you wan na discuss is . 
  is it that religion should n't have any sway in society ? 
  because i 'm all with ya there . 
  i just do n't want to support an obvious right wing agenda blowing up a situation that was n't an isssue to begin with . 
  yeah , from raping , kidnappers to a tolerant welfare state . 
  * oh the humanity *, 
  15 years ago was the dark ages ? 
  i mean i do n't remember that much from when i was that young but a whole era , yeesh . 
  well there is plenty of reasons to implement things we dont have anymore . 
  i think its a lot more reasonable to regard issues from an objective standpoint and not disregard it simply because : `` no , thats already done !, 
  we 're past that , move on ! '', 
  recently ( or well i say that but it was like 4-5 years ago ) a girl was raped in a pool and no one noticed/understood that they werent just playing . 
  at the time ( ant really at any given moment because of a multitude of issues ) many voiced their want for a women only time when they could use the bathouse . 
  many women simply could n't feel secure in the building after the incident and wouldnt visit . 
  honestly i feel that is a perfectly good reason to instate an afternoon , once a week when only women can visit and i do n't see a reason why males could n't have a similar afternoon . 
  no one is arguing that segregation should be `` active '' all day every day '' . 
  not the old timers , not the muslims , not the conservative politicians . 
  some just want a couple of hours with the likes of their own , i do n't see any reason for that beeing a big ask . 
  escpecially since no group is excluded , they all have their exclusive time aswell as the open for the general public time . 
  and , no offence , but your argument seem a bit dumfounded . 
  `` why have democrazy , both the greeks and romans tried it and said ` begone with it ' , no reason for us to try it '', 
  but its now infringing on people lives in any measurable way !, 
  my next door church banging their bell every other hour gives me a bigger headache than the fact that i might not be able to go swimming on tuesdays after four . 
  also i feel like people are just disregarding that segregated hours like this exist in many forms and that this is only an issue because its muslims wanting it . 
  its normal to have a whole day when only old people/pensioneers ( 65 + ) are allowed into bathouses . 
  it 's normal to have hours where only schoolchildren are allowed into bathouses . 
  before , and in plenty places still , each gender have one have one segregated afternoon each in the bathouse . 
  this is because of a multitude of reasons . 
  some feel more `` secure '' with their own gender . 
  wheter being socially secure ( as in not shy ) or secure as in not afraid to be molested . 
  others have conservative , christian values . 
  others just have it as a preference . 
  i get wanting to dismantle religion as a whole , but if we do that we cant discriminate when we do it . 
  if churches are allowed to stand , then so should mosques . 
  if mosques arent allowed to be built then neither should churches ( and so on ... ) . 
  there is plenty of example of christian values , religious practices , and weird quirks just being ignored that i in no way can see how this even compares . 
  just to make it short : this is to no ones detriment , i do n't see it as invasive in any way and finally there is pleny of examples of exclusive hours as it is , i dont see another group having a couple of hours as a problem . 
  and first and foremost : ** this is not islam establishing a foothold in sweden . 
  hi , a swede here !, 
  how would you say we are losing our identity ? 
  i do n't agree with that at all . 
  the influences from america and hollywood have undoubtedly watered down our identity than anything else , our day to day spoken language is more or less semi english now and we watch more american films and tv than swedish . 
  do you really think the influence of islamic origin in anyway compete with this ? 
  i 'm not saying you are i 'm saying the article is , demonizing that is . 
  i simply dont see the big issue . 
  no one has voiced complaints that would actually be affected by the situation , its all profession collumnists and politicians gaining from this becoming a anti-immigration issue . 
  absolutely from an objective , secular/atheist standpoint one can disagree with this . 
  i just simply do n't see how this is an issue with islam and islamists forcing their customs on sweden . 
  this is no more a proof of islamists controlling sweden than a muslim congregation gaining the rights to build a mosque is . 
  i dont really follow . 
  white women and christian women the same are free to use the pools on the female only hours . 
  if you want examples of christian beliefs getting special treatment the end of school ceremonies in churches is a fitting one . 
  basicly people critiziced it because religion shouldnt have any part in education ( or government ) and some might feel alianated by the tradition . 
  they were met with the sentiment that ending ceremonies in churches is a good old swedish , christian tradition and shouldnt change simply because of that . 
  a pretty good example of christians getting special treatment i 'd say . 
  i suppose you agree that thats racist against other religions then ? 
  as you saw this whole bathhouse situation as racist against christians ? 
  would n't you agree that the far right is exagerating it at the same time though ? 
  you are more or less correct . 
  honestly thats just not true . 
  regarding sweden being left-leaning and the population ignoring immigration related issues ( could n't it just be the case that they see no/very few issues ? 
  are we just assuming that there are objective issues now ? ), 
  you would have to ask someone smarter than me , possibly a statistician or sociologist . 
  regarding immigration not being debated . 
  well thats just ridiculous . 
  maybe you could get away with that statement 5 years ago . 
  in present day immigration is ** the biggest and most ** debated issue .
