  sure and there is a general right wing sentiment aswell , its mostly the very verban pro brexit , frexit , austexit , etc , from the trump camp that is worrying me, 
  is that true still , has n't that changed recently ? 
  stroll over to the_donald and you can see them celebrating brexit and the future of the national front right now . 
  there was a sub scare a couple of years ago but that was probably false . 
  we do get some plane intrusions occasionally but not more than , lets say , britain gets . 
  war crimes also falls under so called `` universal jurisdiction '' according to international law . 
  because heads of states have imunity according to international law ( probably also french law ) . 
  that 's not the case for individual ministers . 
  i 'm vegan so you might be barking up the wrong tree here haha, 
  were exporters of pretty much all veggies and grain that can grow here , where importers of meat and dairy . 
  mostly because it 's cheaper and our meat farmers go out of business . 
  i do n't think the point was racial diversity . 
  due to the heavy geographical restrictions of africa untill late there is a whole lot of cultural , vocal , racial , etc , diversity over often very small areas . 
  please do n't start another hype train with every fraction of population . 
  edit : i suppose i should start using '' / s '' then ? 
  that they 're guaranteed by treties does n't mean they are guaranteed in practice . 
  hungary should be a good enough example of that . 
  i get your point about aesthetics but burj is barely commercially active , it 's size was really not needed . 
  it 's more a symbol of prestige than an actual economic building . 
  ok i might be incorrectly nit picking here but is n't it `` farther '' ? 
  i do n't think any new immigrants or refugees could afford to live in gamla stan . 
  no matter the narrative that they all live in supposed luxury . 
  tl ; dr : you 're an idiot, 
  sure you have . 
  you see , you do n't * have * to prove anything to anyone but if you do n't then the only people that are gon na agree with you are dogmatically in your camp anyway . 
  you 're effectivelly enclosing yourself in your personal little safe space bubble . 
  and i study eu law and eventhough i 'm not well versed in ireland i 'm not uonly sure im certain that positivie discrimination in the eu member states in close to non-existant . 
  unfortunately people like you assume that europe is undergoing exactly the same issues the us is due to them complaining about things like positivite discrimination and thereby pollute our contintent with their baggage . 
  stop being a gullible fool . 
  surprising that you havent got anything . 
  good luck with your life where you wallow in imaginary problems . 
  sure , in the same way choosing the best candidate for a job is discriminating agaisnt the other candidates . 
  alright well thats a national difference then i suppose . 
  here articles are differentiated from collumns and opinion pages . 
  sorry for assuming it was universal . 
  he specifically said having an article written about it . 
  which is entirely independent from the opinion pages . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're just incorrect in this instance . 
  yes that is better . 
  allthough its still not concisten with the comment you responded tto . 
  it said the guardian will never write an article about this and you responded that its because its a far left rag . 
  if its just the opinion pages of the guardian which is far left and raggy then the papers inclination as a whole to write and article should be unaffected . 
  your response is not logical . 
  and i do n't read the opinion pages of the guardian so have no idea of its quality or ideology but if you say so . 
  the guardian is hostile as hell towards corbyn , how the hell is it a `` far left rag '' ? 
  not everything you disagree with is `` far left '' nor is being `` far left '' neccesarily a bad thing . 
  get over yourself . 
  i 'm fairly certain all schoolarships like that are either private ( not publicly funded ) or not discriminatory in regards to gender or race , just trying to help poor . 
  but i 'm open to you actually finding some sources for your claim . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
   moreover , i 'm not sure why we 'd be concerned with how courts in eu member states operate since ( as you observe ) the eu itself is what 's at issue . 
  well the eu legal system is modeled after the french which in turn took a lot of influence from other european systems . 
  thats why . 
   this is a regulatory decision , not a court case . 
  it seems like you 're trying to apply the `` prespondence of evidence '' vs `` beyond a reasonable doubt '' principle , which is specific to the us anyway . 
  am law student . 
  this is false . 
  while it will be worded differently in different nations and the national jurisprudence might support it differenty its the same . 
  well it is in the nordics anyway , suppose i ca n't guarantee that it is in the rest of europe but i 'm certain enough that i can extrapolate . 
  and just as a point anything about the us system would be pretty much the same for every other common law system . 
  dont know why you think only the us would have this concept . 
   the eu has only one standard ( `` full conviction '' ) that applies to civil and criminal cases . 
  thats not true either , for the same reason as above . 
  my point is that while this is a regulatory decision made by a regulatory body ( the commission ) , if google disagrees with it their only path is first tell the commission they disagree and hope they withdraw ( they wont , the commission is always certain in these cases ) and seconcly challenge it legally , at which point the case will be taken to the ecj . 
  now when the issue is in the court the commission will simply apply the same evidence which will push them over the `` prespondence of evicidence '' limit and leave the defendant ( google ) to find enough proof to push it back . 
  eventhough it is a regulatory issue it still exists in the sphere of civil law ( the area not the system ) and when the regulatory decision is legally challenged it is always in the form of a civil court case at which point the regulated actor has to prove its position . 
  because this is a civil case and the burden of proof is in the middle , not on the claimants side . 
  if the claimant can provide enough proof to cross that middle point its the defendants burden to push it back . 
  its the same as in all civil cases . 
  well thats kind of neccesary . 
  otherwise they could simply use smart bookkeeping to make it so that their eu revenue is miniscule to keep the fine low . 
  residency requirement of 5 years is eu mandated for eu citizen so i guess many nations simply harmonised those rules with the rules for non-eu citizen . 
  do you employ the same entrepreneurships as heroin vendors ? 
  get them hooked on the first comment and then steeply increase the price . 
  if i remember correctly the monarchy did n't even want to acknowledge that they were broke and a stupid amount of chancellors that all had different ideas for how to fix it . 
  it was n't untill a champion for free trade got the reins that the populace got really upset because it caused the bread prices to rise . 
  a common cause of revolution and revolts , that food had gotten more expensive . 
  that does n't really contradict the original claim though . 
  if most proto-lithuanians where forced away and replaced with other europeans then ofcourse modern day lithuanians would have the genetic composition of other europeans . 
  i 'm not informed enough to judge the original claim but this excerpt of yours in no way contradicts it . 
  ngos are just that . 
  non-governmental . 
  if they to it is a crime at worst . 
  if government actors do its an act of aggression . 
  those ngos are all based out of italy and they have every right to penetrate the border of their own nation and they have every right to assist refugees on international waters . 
   either they ca n't control their own waters and coasts , in which case they 're not sovereigns , or they do n't want to . 
  controlling borders as a requirement for sovereignty is just a modern conservative opinion . 
  for most of history travel over borders have n't been under any control save for certain ports having trade rights and unless you want to claim that schengen nations are n't sovereign border control is still not a requisite for sovereignty . 
  sovereignty is currently and has for a long time been characterised as having the popular mandate or having the military ability to enforce the sovereignty against pretenders . 
  i somehow doubt refugees leaving the nations is a threat to the sovereignty . 
   either way , we 're legitimate into taking direct action in order to defend our borders . 
  in neither of your scenarios are anyone legitimised in penetrating foreign borders . 
  if they do n't want to control their borders we have no say so either way , just as if mexico allow people to exit toward america the us can only stop them on their side . 
  if they are incapable of controling their own borders we are still not allowed to penetrate them just as rogue planes are n't allowed to land at an airport just because there is no border guard or toll at that airport at said moment . 
  it would most likely lead to a lot of dead coastguards , an action turkey would be allowed to undertake according to international law since they did n't consent to their entry . 
   and if they oppose it , we send the military navy to escort the coast guard and threat war . 
  unless you want to mobilise the majority of the eus fleet that is an impossibility . 
  to start off most eu nations ca n't support medium to long range operations without support from larger nations and even if they could they would engage turkey in their own territory and with a lot shorter supply lines . 
  turkey would lose but it would be costly for the winners . 
  you 're also entirely omitting that they 're part of nato .
