  why are you all discounting automation for some reason ? 
  and it 's not like colonization is gon na be able to transfer a steadily growing population . 
  just like with the new world , a minority of people is gon na colonize and flourish and it wo n't even put a dent in the old world 's population numbers . 
  exponential growth . 
  the world will most likely be bursting at its sseams within the next three generations . 
  round it up to a hundred years to factor in any technological advances . 
  in any case this is assuming we tackle climate change . 
  if we do n't overpopulation will be a factor within a generation or two . 
  it 's actually lower than when we first voted to join and join so in any evidence it 's going the right way, 
  the swedish government is definitely not blaming the eu on this issue . 
  while the issue is definitely derived from the eu , the reason it cant be handled is because the police and other branches of the government is underfunded due to the centre-right budget that the current centre-left government is working with . 
  ( it 's a minority government ), 
  good points , i forgot to consider the growth of the rest of the eu-members . 
  sweden does it similarly , surely there must be other factors at play here ? 
  sweden is n't exactly known for its miniscule public sector . 
  edit : i looked it up : http://sv.tradingeconomics.com/sweden/government-spending-to-gdp http://www.tradingeconomics.com/denmark/government-spending-to-gdp denmark is a few percentages point higher than sweden , doubt it would make much of a difference . 
  just a an idea , could it be the difference in corruption ? 
  not saying that greece , italy , et al are third world corruption centers but they always fare worse in corruption metrics than the nordics which fare pretty well , almost always at the top of the charts . 
  thoughts ' ? 
  fuck me stop it with this bullshit , minors can absolutely be detained just that their parent/guardian have to be informed about it immedeately . 
  why not ? 
  it 's an idea , its a proposal . 
  why should proposing to attack a nation or group due to their race or religion ( ex : nazism , racism , islamism , etc ) be allowed under free speech but the same proposal attributed to a single individual is somehow not allowed under free speech ? 
  the mere existance of such a limitation ( i guess you would say its a inherent limitation ? ), 
  just proves that there can and do exist arbitrary limitations to free speech and therefore opens up the door for a discussion on what those limitations should be . 
  there 's three stances one can possibly take . 
  absolute free speech , in which no limitations can exist and therefore things like threats and `` shouting fire '' wo n't result in a sanction but neither will hate speech for example . 
  `` liberal '' ( as in liberal democracy , not political liberal ) free speech , in which ones free speech ( and other rights and freedoms ) ends when they conflict with other peoples right to not be harmed . 
  here shouting fire in a theatre and threats and other speeches that have a causality to harm is n't allowed . 
  altough hate speech is most likely not allowed either if its content hold siginificant causality to future harm of someone . 
  it 's essentially an extension of classic liberalism . 
  real free speech ( as in , `` real politik '' ) , in which one accepts that what is considered free speech is fluid and changes with society . 
  herein free speech can be constricted if it 's considered reasonable and neccesary for other rights to be respected . 
  if we see nazi apologism as a foreshadowing for future fascist and genocidal movements then we might consider a limited restriction in such speech neccesary to balance the risk of a future greater evil . 
  other examples are revealing military secrets or information fo national interest might be prohibited because the publication of such information holds an inherent risk to lead to greater harm . 
  even if you , and i , does n't neccesarily agree with limiting nazi speech there exist other situations in which it is , or might be , applicable . 
  none of these are `` wrong '' ( neither morally nor objectively ) but one can reasonable chose one and rationally argue agaisnt the others . 
  in the end `` free speech '' is just an idea and to claim that ones own `` free speech '' is the correct one is a bit like picking up a rock and claiming that its the ideal rock and that all other rocks are obviously stupid . 
  i 'd say that the western world is mostly a mix of alternative 2 and 3 , with the difference that america ( or atleast many americans ) claaim or pretend to be alternative 1 . 
  and even being 3 is much better than much of the world where speech is completely regulated and there is n't even given a pretense by the rules that they do it to balance speech with other fundamental human rights . 
  ipso facto : claiming that free speech doesnt include inciting violence is a bit like claiming that your way to draw a ghost is the only way to draw a ghost , its a subjective idea anyway and there is no objective judgement to be made on it . 
   you have a right to yourself and that includes your thoughts . 
  this is n't a proposal on legislating thoughts , its a proposal of public denial of facts . 
   banning or punishing you for your thoughts , no matter how wrong or outrageous , is a violation of your rights which this legislation is n't doing . 
   also why not defeat these ideas in the marketplace of ideas like in discussions and providing evidence for your views . 
  this assumes that a majority of people are , at all times , rational and will follow cold , hard , fact-checked ideas over emotional dogma . 
  i think something as simple as the prevalence of religion should be enough of a example to prove that `` providing evidence for your views '' are far from enough to win out in `` the marketplace of ideas '' . 
  and this is n't even going in to the whole 50 % of the population have a under average inteligence . 
  that does n't take away their right to have and propose ideas but it 's outright idiotic to only meassure ideas on `` the marketplace of ideas '' since an idea that only 10 % of the population could potentially fathom would be overruled by simple ( and maybe incorrect ) ideas that the majority both can fathom and believe is better . 
  keep in mind that i said `` only '' . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the church was one of the largest proponents of franco in spain before and during the civil war . 
  aye , but how often do people call themselves progressiv outside of the anglosphere ? 
  in sweden there is n't a term for it that would n't sound ridicoulous if used in a political context . 
  exactly . 
  one instance of the russians being the aggressors does n't equate to the english always being innocent . 
  surely you can see that . 
  i suppose that could be a reason but right now in ukpolitics , the top comment in one of the threads is saying that bbc is anti-worker for reporting that some english fans instigated trouble . 
  it 's also incredibly black and white to respond to english fans being the instigators in one instance to completely refuse any report that english fans were the instigators again . 
  while this is happening in the same location and over several days its still separete occurences and the english can be to blame sometimes and others othertimes , its ridiculous to respond to being blamed at one instance to completely turn around and say that it was always others fault in following instances . 
  can we stop using regresive as a political description ? 
  i 'm very lefty and i 've abhorred the latest adoption of regressive in the descriptions of lefties . 
  i do n't think turning it around and calling people on the right as regressive aswell is gon na solve the issue . 
  it just devolves to a situation in which everyone anyone disagrees with is described as regressive . 
  it 's childish quite frankly . 
  can someone explain to me why both / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics blame everything happening in marseille right now on russian fans , marseille ultras and the french police ? 
  somehow nothing is the english fault , its all poor football fans that are targeted due to their remnant of hooligan reputation . 
  is this really the narrative that is in effect in that country or is it just the usual reddit willfull ignorance ? 
  most of all , is this the same `` no fault of our own , its the euros doing '' attitude that have driven such a large part of england to want to leave the union ? 
  up to this point i 've viewed the referendum as a reasonable issue with the occasional idiots voicing their concerns , now i 'm starting to wonder wether nor most of it is due to a national identity of never being at fault . 
  do i have some point in that ? 
  take any other nation in europe , take my own for instance , and you 'll never encounter such widespread insistance on oneselfs innocense and others fault . 
  while all nations have faults and most blame it on factors such as immigration , political elites , media or other , not that these factors are always correctly blamed , i 've never encounter such large insistance on blaming other nations !, 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  i mean , \u00e5kesoon does n't need any help with that . 
  he 's already on tape heil-ing to a nationalist kampf song from about a decade ago . 
  he claims to have joined the party because of its opposition to the eu , eventhough the eu was n't even a part of the party platform at the time and the party being officialy nazis at that point in time . 
  for a party that claim to not be nazis they have spent a good amount of time actually being nazis . 
  no most hospitals are still publicly owned and all future hospitals are planned to be public aswell . 
  we do have a minority of privately owned hospitals though and the major private parties in the health sector is private sub-contractors . 
  new public management and public-private partnershipshave shaken things up a bit though but as a rule its still the public that assume the final ownership of the projects . 
  the commision has the same ability to write bills as the parliament has . 
  sorry about the rt source . 
  it was the only youtube source of the event that i could find . 
  muslims have lived in norway atleast as long as breivik has been alive so not really . 
  it would be one thing if they arrived yesterday but muslims have been a thing in norway for decades . 
  anti-islamic terrorism makes sense the same way al-qaida make sense to be called an anti-christian terror group . 
  alternatively you can just call him a christian terrorist and them a islamic terror org . 
  yes , they bombed a church in egypt in norway . 
  that makes sense . 
  google breivik and if you can manage to add together more victims to islamist terrorism in norway within the last hundred years than he managed to massacre under the span of one day and i 'll cede the argument . 
  that 's very arbitrary , in his manifesto he specifically made clear that he did it to make norway a more christian nation ( among other things ), 
  mhm, 
  kindly fuck off, 
  it be all for that if i was n't afraid that the right would burn a bunch of them down with people in it . 
  ( as they 've done and tried to do ), 
  they can seek asylum in jordan and then promptly be raped and see their kids pimped out in the ref camps . 
  great alternative . 
  if those were my choices i would risk crossing the med aswell . 
  christian terrorism has killed far more than islamists in norway , people seem to forget that .
