  well yeah , israeli nazis would be a bit of an oxymoron . 
  well i mean finns are the largest minoritet in sweden . 
  maybe we could just like make a trade or something ? 
   but the u.s. 
  is n't going through a crippling economic crisis that 's almost lasted a decade and facing a looming demographic crisis . 
  uhm what ? 
  yeah you are . 
  if you read any other sub than europe all americans is pretty much sure the country will fall apart in a decade . 
  your whole nation shut down on the federal level when you could n't agree to a budget pretty recently for christ sake . 
  do n't pretend that you walked away from the recession scott free . 
  is n't frances power projection pretty decent ? 
  i 'm sure most of their ex colonial regions feel it pretty well atleast . 
  you sure that has n't got more to do with your education and general awareness than our arrogance ? 
  i mean they would have the same representation in the council and commission . 
  furthermore the parliament is already structured to balance the big countries a bit . 
  the system could be a lot worse imo . 
  do they work though ? 
  i am and ill search for it , 
  well no , they actually are . 
  a good portion of all immigration centers are private sector . 
  it stems from the somewhat new idea of public-private partnership . 
  it 's really not unusual at all . 
  it might change with the current center-left regime but at the moment private companies are often tasked to do work like this for the government . 
  well i 'm a bit hostile to people who think their experience is indicative of a trend to begin with . 
  to counter your source , they list a bunch of professions thats simply in shortage in the public sector ( nurses for example ) but which are over-saturated in the private sector . 
  generally the falling number of health proffessionals in the public sector is generally atributed to low wages compared to the private sector . 
  so just anecdotal , gotcha . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  source ? 
   also because he was arrogant and liked to bully his opponents in debates what ? 
  i 've never heard of this . 
  i always found him very well spoken . 
  chattel slaves were property yes , indentured servants were not property but still slaves ( btw they were payed ) . 
  here , read this : http://freedomcenter.org/enabling-freedom/five-forms-of-slavery https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery#contemporary_slavery, 
  `` pay them so it 's not slavery '' you need to read up on your slavery, 
  well we were/are a neutral country and have the right by international law to sell whatever to whomever we wish . 
  not weapons ofcourse . 
  during the first war we sold things to germany and britain placed us under an illegal blockade which lead to one of the greatest starvations in good long while that sweden has witnessed . 
  i almost feel like it 's a principle to not apologize for out neutral rights after that . 
  people are often ashamed that we did n't stand up for our neighbours . 
  the funny thing is that before germany invaded any of the nordics it 's quite possible we would have fought on the axis side if pressed to make a choice . 
  also many feel that it 's a national tragedy that we let the germans travel by train straight through our nation . 
  we 're very proud about all the work we did to protect ad many jews , and other refugees , as possible . 
  11/19 although i do n't believe the trivia of sami not being mentioned in our constitution is correct . 
  edit : looked it up , they 're mentioned in the second paragraph of the constitution ... edit2 : translated for the hell of it :  the sami peoples aswell as ethnic , linguistic and religious minorities possibility to keep and develop their own culture and soci\u00e9t\u00e9 shall be supported . 
  except for the quotes , all what you said could just as easily be because of the sentiment that google abuse its gross dominance orbecause people feel google is slowly forming up to a monopoly and should be split up . 
  except for the quotes , one coming from a national politician with no sway on the case and the other a media mogul with an obvious bias , there is n't really anything close to concrete pointing to protectionism . 
  yes , a national politician said something populistic , shocker . 
  he has absolutely no sway on this case . 
  could you explain your views that this is in part protectionist ? 
  you realise these groups originates from the balkans ? 
  * you do know that males also gets their own times right ? 
  well we have actually have grenade attacks in malm\u00f6 since the 80s . 
  it is now , just as it was then , just biker gangs fucking around and fighting for territory/drug trade . 
  fortunately they are renown for only messing with each other and not bother regular citizen . 
  and i meant that the levels of immigrations from yougoslavia during the nineties were comparable to the levels from syria etc today . 
  ofc compared to capita and not absolute numbers . 
  and what do you know , we 're still regular old sweden still today . 
  is it ok if i message you or something in like 10-15 years ? 
  i would like to hear your political stance when malm\u00f6 ** wo n't have ** turned into baghdad . 
  just curious to see if you 're the kind of person whom learns from your mistakes rather than ignore them . 
  actually we 've had right wing governments for the better part of a decade now . 
  just recently ( last year ) the social democrats gained the government again . 
  unless you think the christian democrats are marxists i do n't think your observation is very apt . 
  i 've actually read some marxist litterature out of curiosity ( i have read mill , roussueau and hobbes etc aswell ) . 
  i do n't think anything marx ( or engels ) wrote about would in any way correlate to swedish society , now or historically . 
  could you possibly enlighten me what exactly is marxist about sweden ? 
  well they are moderately leftist when it comes to economic issues , atleast outspokenly but have yet to show it in parliament . 
  on socialissues they are moderately right at best . 
  a good portion of their members are anti-abortion and even more think that gays should n't marry , dont want to allow pride etc. 
  they 're a bit of `` catch-all '' party of reactionaries . 
  it just so happend that their reactionary view of immigration is somewhat popular . 
  well there was a danish study that found that urban youths at a much greater rate turned to crime than youths of parents with criminal backgrounds . 
  ( same rate no matter if immigrant or not ) accidentally immigrants overrepresented in urban areas ( aswell as poor areas ) . 
  it 's not gymnastics to realise that these youths will be exposed to the negative influences that come with a poor livelyhood more than the average non immigrant youth who are middle class and live in the suburbs . 
  if you need mental gymnastics to see a relation you cant be focusing very hard . 
   ... and that 's not necessarily an unreasonable way to feel . 
  i 'm not saying that this is a huge problem in and of itself , but if you start having segregated hours in an area with a large muslim populations it could be indicative of a bigger problem , especially if secular muslims start to get worried . 
  it * could be * , yes . 
  you 're assuming it is without any facts or evidence pointing to it at all . 
   that 's all very understandable , but surely the solution should be to make people feel more safe and comfortable around each other rather than cater to those who are afraid or have some bizarre preference . 
  well that 's a whole other , and different issue to tackle , i 'm not even sure i 'm competent enough to give it a worthy discourse . 
   how about dropping that then , rather than let another religion influence things as well ? 
  well its about proportionality and balance . 
  if we for example did n't let any mosque be built yet left every church standing that would in effect be the same as giving christianity special treatment and discriminating all other religions . 
   no , but it could be a sign of islam 's influence in certain suburbs , which would be a smaller problem but not a non-existent one . 
  absolutely but this did n't happend in a suburb and foremost it was n't a religious organisation asking for it , it was muslim individuals asking for it . 
  there 's a lot to prove if there is to be some structural issue to be had . 
  although i would be open to it . 
  theres actually plenty of theories stating that social-democracy went so well in sweden because it more or less mirrors our underlying socio-ideology as a culture . 
  for example we are highly individualist but at the same time homogenous and dislike excessive bragging . 
  i do n't really like to blame the media because its seldom constructive . 
  in this regard its true though , media writes about that which sells . 
  well feminist groups lobby for this aswell but for different reasons . 
  \u00a8 not everything is black and white , or would you regard segregated bathrooms as something incompatible with swedish culture ? 
  ( because we have those aswell ), 
  as that american comedian said ( ca n't remember his name ) : `` do n't be so tolerant that you tolerate the intolerant '' and i agree , just not that this is one of those cases . 
  they are asking for a couple of hours of pool time without the opposite gender . 
  somthing that white swedes have and still is asking for . 
  i do n't see how you figure their asking being incompatible with swedish way of living .
