  simply speaking `` disrespect '' just broadens the regulation far to much to be used as a sufficiently specific term , as its used in the swedish paragraph . 
  also you failed to mention in your op that the law requiers that you actively spread the `` hate speech '' for it to be a criminal offence . 
  as in you have to actually like write in a magazine or make a youtube video or speak before a mass of people for the regulation to be applicable . 
  simply saying something hateful by yourself is just not enough to be sentenced by this regulation . 
  in sweden even jews and muslims need to stun the animals before killing them . 
  well you ca n't prosecute an object and banning litterature is not a possibility in sweden . 
  also i think the bible would be in a bit of a pickle aswell seeing how it `` talks '' about homosexuals and other , etc. 
  the boiling frog is just an excuse to use the slippery slope fallacy . 
   do n't you have a `` sense of justice '' class ? 
  no we have n't . 
  i wish we did though and later on there is an optional class you can take which i probably will . 
   it 's not that you have to pay 1000 kr . 
  but the fact that you are `` guilty '' that will destroy the sense of justice . 
  yes principally a bad law is a bad law no matter the sanction it presents . 
  i 'm simply saying that a bad law that results in a fine is much less of an immedieate , and practical issue than a bad law that stricly resultst in prison time . 
  i 'm not saying either one is without issues . 
  yes its a competent translation . 
  the issue once again lies in that it does n't `` tell the whole story '' , as in the does n't fully show the extent aswell as limitations of the swedish text . 
  but i 'll give you that its the best translation i 've heard so far . 
  i 'm sorry but politics have nthing to do about applicattion of the law . 
  just because both sides decides it was a `` bad thing '' does n't make it a punishable offence in the eye of the courts . 
  honestly both those statements are far too mild to break the law . 
  unless they are made in some extreme form of circumstance . 
  i get what you 're trying to do , as in `` is either gender or religion more protected than the other ? '', 
  and theoretically they shoulnd ' t be . 
  theoretically the law should be applied equally in both cases . 
  now we 're stepping in to expert teritory and i 'm sure someone has wrote a book on that very subject . 
  this is just how i think it is , and i 'm * probably * right . 
  ofcourse it does . 
  are you really going to argue that prison * is n't * worse than a fine ? 
  sure , a law can still be ridiculous even if it only results in a fine , but it makes it much less of an immideate issue if the law does n't grant the government the possibility to seize , and effectively silence , individuals that breaks the law . 
  yes its an alright strict translations of the words . 
  the reason i 'm a bit cautious against it is that the translation implies a wider regulation than it does in swedish . 
  translating judiciary terms like this can easily lead to problematic results as the one op ran into . 
  but yeah , you more or less figured it out . 
   the mob forming outside someone 's house with knives and saying they 'll enter his house if the police does n't do something about him i 'm not exactly a fan of what they did but it was n't a crime however you look at it . 
  and he was n't sentenced either so the `` mob '' effectively influenced none . 
  i fail to see how this is mob justice . 
  is it mob justice when fotballfans gather outside an arena and borderline break the law in their fervor of respective team ? 
  no , simply gathering and acting disorderly is not a crime nor is it strongarming the judiciary system . 
  comeone then , i have google after the regulation silencing political speech . 
  i honestly ca n't find it . 
  and the only attempt at sources i 've gottetn is `` google it '' . 
  i did , i did n't find anything . 
  if you could please give me a actual case when this have happened i would be all for discussing it !, 
  i 've answered you twice allready . 
  please refer to those two answers . 
  edit : and in no way should i be viewed as an authority , i simply stated i was a student in an effort to provide context . 
  you said it much better than i did . 
   hets mot folkgrupp is incitement . 
  yes but that just the name of the offence , the actual `` hets mot folkgrupp '' bit ( the `` incitement '' bit ) is n't actually present in the requisites of the paragraph . 
  as in the requisits you have to fullfill to break said regulation . 
   missaktning is an added word to make the definition much broader , which is of course the point . 
  thats not true . 
  `` missaktning '' is one of the two alternative requisites required for commiting the crime . 
  the other alternative requisite is `` hotar '' ( threatening ) . 
    swedish law is written in swedish and interpreted by swedish judges . 
   shock ... who knew ? 
  i think this was about the difficulty to translate the meaning of a judiciary regulation into a foreign language . 
  i 'm not close to being an undergrad , got a couple of more years until that point . 
  i 'm especially not a expert of any kind . 
  none of what i say should be regarded as an expert opinion . 
   people have been taken to court because they 've written negatively about immigration - and immigrants behaviour . 
  this does n't indicate anything . 
  the real question is wheter someone has been sentenced for it . 
  ( hint : they have n't )  also , missaktning is absolutely a mild word . 
  disrespect is not a perfect translation but it is in within the ballrange . 
  it 's not at all `` inciting to hatred '' . 
  yes , in common language use the term could simply be translated to `` disrespecting '' . 
  when in the speher of the law stating that the implication of `` missaktning '' is the same as `` disrespecting '' is nothing short of disingenuous . 
  it implies the regulation has a different intent and effect than it actually does . 
   that 's snokus pushing his propaganda . 
  i mean , if you could class clearing up missconceptions about the law an agenda , then sure , i have an agenda . 
  edit : just saw this :  even if that is how he presents himself . 
  when have i presented myself as an expert ? 
  just said op was wrong and i stand by that . 
  does n't mean i 'm claiming to be an expert on the subject . 
  they are honestly superb . 
  the eu-court are very competent when it comes to human rights aswell . 
  haha well i dont know what you 're talking about . 
  i ca n't think of a single instance of when hate speech has been applied by the courts in a case of political speech . 
  you might be thinking of the tabloids in which cases yes , some media are very liberal in their labeling of hate speechers . 
  there is a difference between the media and the courts though and right now were discussing the application of the law by the courts so i do n't really see how that would be an argument for missuse of the law . 
   ( reserverade , do n't know if ` dissent ' in the correct translation . ) ? 
  its the correct translation  imagine the contrary , what would your definition of it being `` close '' be ? 
  that he was n't convicted but one of the `` n\u00e4mndem\u00e4n '' dissented ( reserverade , do n't know if ` dissent ' in the correct translation . ) ? 
  my definition of close would be if the supreme court couldnt decide on it . 
  there is plenty of cases where the first two instances have judged all out crazily and hd ( the supreme court ) have basically lectured them how wrong they were . 
  you also have to remeber that `` n\u00e4mndem\u00e4n '' is litteraly just common people , its not unusual that they come to a majority opinion that goes against the intent of the law . 
   but it 's your full-time occupation , i 'm a student but alright  yet i 'm still better at it than you . 
  whateber you wan na tell yourself  i seriously doubt your law school has taught you that , since it would be incorrect . 
  this must be that you 've either misunderstood or have n't gotten far enough in law school to learn about this , in which case you 're probably just assuming stuff , which is ironically what you 're accusing me of . 
  we were literally taught about this in the first term . 
  you can argue with me all you want , im still gon na side with what my teachers taught me less than 2 years ago . 
   but then we have `` uskonrauhan rikkominen '' , lit . 
  trans . 
  `` breaking the peace of faith '' , which is one of the bullshittiest bullshit crimes i 've ever heard of . 
  yeah we had this aswell , its popularily called a `` blasphemy law '' . 
  fortunately enough we abolished it a while ago . 
  a guy writes something hateful .
