  well in norway case pointing out christian terrorists is definitely relevant . 
  because that would be illegal ? 
  banning uber is enforcing regulations , you understand that right ? 
  uber are being banned because they are not following regulations . 
  that 's why they 're not legally allowed here either . 
  i 'm all for competition ( although there is plenty of taxi competition here already ) but they must follow regulation to do so and they do n't . 
  edit : and before people come responding about the taxi companies lobbying for the regulations , that is decidedly not the case here . 
  we do n't run on a medalian system either . 
  that would be unconsitutional , but please keep urging our executive to overstep their limits , always lovely when non-swedes want to break our constitution in half . 
  well that is true for sweden aswell so . 
  is n't it possible that the issues are only eradicated because the system is in place and if the system were to be removed/liberalized then the issues would simply surface again ? 
  if you actually believe that the current system is a solution to the problem then removing the system would remove the solution aswell . 
  same in sweden . 
  i hate this myth , it really is n't . 
  if you 're eliminating a position , decreasing production , moving production , the employee commit a crime and is convicted or you can prove that an employee is n't fulfilling their job description ( and giving them a chance to do better ) then its incredibly straight forward to fire people . 
  just because you ca n't fire people because you dislike them does n't mean it is hard to fire people for legitimate reasons . 
  if the company has less than 20 people they get to ignore much of the labour laws anyway . 
  soon to be law graduate , come at me . 
  it 's actually `` great '' , although not in swedish ( nor english ) . 
  the fall in the rankings correlate more with the election of right wing parties than immigration numbers , especially since we ranked up last year which correlated with the election of a left wing government . 
  wonder why that is . 
  this is the most stupid thing i 've ever heard . 
  the sweden democrats for instance keep gaining in the polls even though three of their leadership were witnessed walking around with iron pipes talking about fooling the police and throwing racial epithets against non-whites . 
  two of them was over time removed but one of them is still present in the leadership and has yet to apologize or , together with the party leader , yet to even recognize the event . 
  couple that with the constant reveals of local sd politicians being disrobed on the internet for saying things like `` asylum kids deserve to die '' and tweeting things like `` i think we all know what kind of terrorist this was '' in response to the breivik attacks before the identity of the attacker was known . 
  identity politics may well be influential in sweden but to claim that its more influential in the left than the right is just idiotic . 
  while the left place more weight in the lgbt the right place more weight in having `` patriotic '' and having politicians that `` are n't affraid from stating the truth '' , eventhough its just another fucken opinion . 
  the fucking jerking on this sub about the the left has got to stop unless it wants to retain itself as the caricature of right wing echochambers that it is percieved . 
  do you feel like more of a pot or a kettle ? 
  unfortunately you have to be black either way , we 're out of every other colour . 
  thats funny but the whole refugee crisis and sanders looking at us scavs as a good form to structure society sure has put europe a lot more in the american minds than before . 
  remember the supposed `` swedish terrorist attack yesterday '' that trump pulled out of his ass . 
  i like how iran is on that list but iran actaully signed the nuclear deal due to sanctions . 
  it 's almost as if sanctions does work . 
  about 120 % of them . 
  i hear they are n't even paid . 
  we should really demand more from a group of people that are essentially voluntarily keeping this place somewhat in quality . 
  why are n't they servicing your every whim ? 
  they are granted a pseudo authority by the owners of this site that actually males some money off us , surely everything is the mods faults and never us users or the admins . 
  i mean yeah people that did n't vote have some responsibility to shoulder but i do n't think we can blame them to much . 
  there is a reason why people have become disillusioned with politics in the us and , eventhough i prefer her to the current situation , clinton is part of that reason . 
  when people feel like they are n't heard they either vote extreme or not at all , i 'd rather they do the latter . 
  although i 'd like it evenmore if their issues could be recognised by the establishment so that they may regain some trust but i doubt trump is gon na make that happen . 
  civil law system commonly do n't have a missdemeanor/felony distinction . 
   this is always what 's been nuts to me in the us about our politics . 
  the left likes to defend the hardliner islamists , but then bash the christian right who believe a lot of the same things well speaking as one on the left , albeit not american , i 'm defending muslims against discriminatory treatment and their right of asylum ( and free speech/freedom of religion when some people chose to attack that aswell ) , i still oppose islam . 
   sharia law and the kind of government the religious right wants in the us are n't really that different . 
  i asbolutely agree and when muslim get as close to implement sharia as christians are to implement a non-secular christian rule i 'll oppose them with the same fervor . 
  well yeah but i 'm very much talking from both a reddit ( american ) perspective and an international perspective . 
  like it or not the presidency is the most powerfull position in the world and opposing it in the explicit way that these floats are definitely amounts to controversial opposition . 
  ay i fully agree with that assessment but internet discussions are rarely tolerant to nuanced ideas . 
  well in my opinion political muslims/islam is also right wing . 
  it 's just a right wing that is at odds with the western right wing . 
  no , opposing the american president is not mainstream , being the president is . 
  all true , we 'll written . 
  yeah i 'm interested in that project but i 'm afraid that it 'll turn out the be the all to common `` instigate and then start filming the reaction '' . 
  or the other common `` bring known politician of the local white power party and watch as non-whites become angry '' . 
  hopefully it wo n't become that but i wo n't hold my breath . 
  i kinda disagree with you here . 
  having lived in multiple miljonappartments , with great variety of the ethnic composition , the less then perfect social , economic and criminal situation was constant . 
  that is regardless whether it was full with muslims or finns . 
   i do n't think anyone argues that `` legal '' immigration causes issue , it 's `` illegal '' immigration en masse . 
  of which there havent been any in sweden ( not noticable anyway ) so it does n't have any relevance to this discussion . 
  the refugees are here because we chose to take them in . 
  by every definition of the word , they are n't illegal . 
  it 's been more than a couple of secs now bud . 
  she repeated the lie in different interviews , its not a case that she misspoke , its entirely fabrication , repeated in an effort to make it sound credible and make it stick . 
  well you do sound a bit offended . 
  like you ca n't take your opinion being in the minority . 
  what incidences ? 
  we had a failed terror attack over six years ago and all crime states are pretty much in level with previous years , most even lower than ( lets take a year before the crisis ) 2005 . 
  crimes happen and it 's awful but its nothing new and it 's barely been affected by the crisis . 
  one of the few increased crimes are right wing terrorism funnily enough . 
  ( mostly burning refugee centers and attacking refugees ), 
  a bit weird do claim that the social democrats are anti-democratic when they where the ones that forced through universal emancipation but alright i guess . 
   is this an acutaly law with relevant sanctions , or just a `` volutarily/professional code of conduct '' ? 
  claiming that someone has commited a crime before they 're sentenced is illegal . 
  for everyone . 
   well , `` unless '' . 
  `` state secrets are safe unless someone leaks it '' , `` well , unless ''  rape being a crime of the utmost social stigma , your life is ruined even with accusation , even when acquitted , making you among others unemployable . 
  such it is a potential means of oppression , singling out political or personal opponents . 
  give me one instance of this happening in sweden or stop spouting hypotheticals of a system you obviously is n't informed of . 
  it 's on a steep rise though . 
   and how does that hold up in court ? 
  i mean , it 's usually plaintiff 's claim vs. defendant 's claim , no witnesses . 
  an ideal tool to ruin the defendant 's life , as being called out a rapist is usually enough , as the assumption of innocence exists in the legal system , but not factually in society . 
  law student here . 
  it holds up in court just like every other crime . 
  if it can be proven beyond unreasonable doubt that it occured then the perp is sentenced . 
  the difficulty to prove beyond reasonable doubt is the reason why so many are cleared in court or sentenced lightly here which this sub and the rest of reddit just love to parade around as proof that sweden refuse to sentence rapists out of fear of `` not being pc '' . 
   an ideal tool to ruin the defendant 's life , as being called out a rapist is usually enough , as the assumption of innocence exists in the legal system , but not factually in society . 
  which is why papers here never name the perps . 
  sexual crimes are always dealt with behind closed doors , its impossble to know who th perp is unless its leaked or the perp is sentenced . 
  ofcource the right wingers in this place use that fact as an argument that sweden is `` to pc '' to point out rapists . 
   ok , i can picture the last two , but what or who are `` anti-swedish groups '' and why ?!, 
  go visit the_donald and mention sweden in a positive context . 
  i dare you . 
  if thats true then i guess thats one aspect sweden is behind the rest of europe on . 
  i do n't even have a real problem with people feeling some pride in how much power the uk once held but i fucking despise the narrative of `` we brough civilisation to these places and therefore we did good '' . 
  unless you think the twiligh books were propaganda you are incorrect .
