you are increbibly correct imo, 
  well that 's not true . 
  the feminist initiative have about as much in common with the liberals ( folkpartiet ) as they do with the left party . 
  oh , quiet you !, 
  f ! , whoo !, 
  actually `` liberal '' just means `` freedom-individual '' as in someone who believes in freedom . 
  in no way does the term limit or define freedom . 
  it could easily be said that one should be allowed to keep slaves . 
  just as long as the slaves at some point had their own oppurtunity to keep slaves . 
  take for example if two independent individuals decided ( with their own freedom of will and opinion ) that who ever lost in chess against the other would be executed . 
  that would fall in perfectly in ** a ** definition of freedom but the individual who won the match would still exert power over the other which would n't be in accordance of your definition of liberalism . 
  just to point out . 
  your view of liberalism is commonly labeled `` anarcho-liberalism '' . 
  classic liberalism is a bit more rigid than that . 
  honestly i 've seen more finns than swedes pointing out any inaccuracies in this comic . 
  well you heard wrong , there is nothing about gender ( or any other ) form of discrimination in grundlagen ( which is what you would call the constitution whilst it 's very , very different from a constitution . 
  neither is there anything about it in riksdagsf\u00f6rordningen ( which is also a form of constitution while at the same time not at all ), 
  how ? 
  and also , who ? 
  i mean , just because a constitution states something it does n't have to be `` right '' . 
  i mean just look at the americans . 
  they view their constitution as almost a communiqe from god and yet the ammend it quite often . 
  we swedes change out constitution quite often aswell , did it 2011 in fact . 
  your argument is basically the same of the anti drug crowd stating `` drugs are bad and should be illegal because thats what the law says '' . 
  its a circular argument . 
   they never talk about the races of criminals news does n't , its sltill included in studies and statistics . 
  and you kid yourself if you do n't believe the everyday person discuss it . 
   and do not collect any official racial statistics well thats not true at all . 
   its hard to feel threatened when you live in a information bubble . 
  this is the most ironic thing ive heard in a while, 
  iraq , iraq , afganistan . 
  am i missing something ? 
  sweden did n't take part in the ww2 and we took in the most refugees per capita of all western nations . 
  both before and after the war . 
  in the thirties america was even reluctant to let jews in . 
  yeah , 60 years is the same as almost 200 years . 
  do n't mind the fact that we adopted things like the charter of human rights and formed the un between then . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/frequently-requested-statistics-immigrants-and-immigration-united-states immigrants in the us amounted to 13 procent of the total population . 
  unless they somehow doubled their numbers over one generation your stats are way of . 
  now , would you so kindly , fuck off . 
  they wo n't and they 're more than welcome in my eyes . 
  does n't change the fact that youve invaded the middle east three times over barely 30 years and yet you do n't take in even a quarter of the refugees sweden is taking in per capita . 
  stop being a coward , own up for what your country have done !, 
   and as you 've said a million time , ameri . . excuse me amerikkka is a third world shithole ... why should we take any in your eyes . 
  i 've never said this . 
  is falsities what you 've resorted to ? 
   are 1 in 4 swedes an immigrant or the child of one ? 
  no and i 'm fairly certain thats not the case for the us either . 
  hahahah what ? 
  so you 're defence to things like the cia and the britts toppling mosadegh and destablising the region for half a century in the name of profit is : `` well almost 300 years ago you guys did some shit to '' . 
  well buhu , by then the concept of human right was n't even convieved . 
  and germany ? 
  really ? 
  the only example you 've got is a situation of total war ? 
  how is that even close to the same as placing aristocratic puppets on the seats of formerly democratically elected leaders for the name of profit * whitin the last forty years * . 
  fuck , do you want the saudis to bring up the pre lincoln era every time the us aim some critisism at their worker practises ? 
   , it was n't until merkel decided to invite every poor soul from north africa and the middle east that they flooded in . 
  yeah , they saw the beacon of ~ ~ gondor ~ ~ berlin and were all like `` its time '' . 
  its not like there were already a refugee crisis before merkel simply said they would deport anybody . 
   are you going to attempt to claim that the us is n't pulling their weight ? 
  i 'm not attempting to say it , i 'm saying it . 
  if you 'd spend one tenth of the budget you 've used for invading middle eastern states on actually caring for the displaced populaces of your shitfests then the current situation wouldnt be happening . 
  `` we '' ? ` so im guessing you 're american ? 
  really , youve taken your fair share ? 
  i guess youve got to be counting guantanamo to then ? 
  because you are no where in hell even close to have taking in the amount of refugees per capita that nations like sweden and germany have . 
  except uk is barely taking anyone so they should do their fare share too . 
  who have germany toppled though ? 
  and even if they have toppled any it woulld still be out-shoned by the anglians amazing track record . 
  do n't help , just stop freaking bombing the hell out of everyone that dont agree that american capitalism is gods gift to the world . 
  holy hell that by itself would cut the refugee stream in half . 
  we did n't declare south america `` our backyard '' . 
  that was your guys doing . 
  how about this , the nation that has toppled the most democratically elected regimes have responsibility for the biggest amount of refugees ? 
  you dont like taking responsibility for your actions ? 
  shocker !, 
  * murica *, 
  then why do n't the us just not ** take in some goddamn refugees ?!, 
  no but it matters when talking about which countries are pulling their weight . 
  yeah , its actually very frightening . 
  keep safe, 
  yeah and we should try to fix that , instead of just abandoning the whole thing . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  that sounds more or less like the general opinion of the league of nations before it disbanded . 
  the world is slowly creeping back to the state it was in before ww2, 
  go live in the rural us as a gay couple or interracial couple . 
  you wont do much better there . 
  because i 'm pro immigration and that means i 'm alright to downvote without reason, 
  what the fuck kinda news have you been reading ? 
  sd politicians have n't been attacked , the have faked attacks though , some getting judge in court for it . 
  no go zones ? 
  youre shitting me right ? 
  thats funny seeing as if i were to look out the window i would see the uppsala mosque which i 've hade zero problems with except the time lokal nazis spraypainted the front door with swastikas and stuff like that . 
  i 'd rather live by the mosque than the native `` immigration critics '', 
  oh for fucks sake , so now presenting facts is '' * propaganda * '' because you do n't agree with it ? 
   also the `` percentage '' does n't include family reunion yes it does , check the video again . 
  when not considering * what * ? 
   resulting more or less in an open border policy , could an american , right now , fly in and land at heathrow without a passport ? 
  well then it is n't open borders . 
  no , not even `` more or less '' .
