  i think we 're doing fine . 
  the law does n't say what op translated it to say . 
  you can still dislike it but i just though you should know that the actuall law is not nearly as strict . 
  `` express disrespect '' is not at all what the law states . 
   some old dude saying the jews should be gassed in his home at family dinner is not the same as the principal of a university saying it . 
  well no , but not for the reasons you think . 
  ( atleast i 'm guessing thats what you think ) . 
  the regulation actually refers to the * actual * regulation which can be found in the swedish `` penal code '' ( * very * rough translation here ) . 
  in * that * regulation it says that `` hate speech '' can only be committed if its `` actively distributed '' ( rough translation again ) . 
  so they old guy sitting around the table with his family would easily get of scott free wathever he said aslong as he did n't print it in a magazine or filmed it and placed it on youtube . 
  we 're more or less discussing two different requisites at this point . 
  you 're right and any lay man that read the original swedish text would n't either . 
  the translation op provides is bad and the example ludicrous . 
  we do n't , in the original swedish paragraph the term `` hate '' or any synonym to the word `` hate '' is never used . 
  `` hate speech '' is basically an anglian concept which somewhat loosely fits the description of the swedish regulation against `` hets mot folkgrupp '' . 
  while you can compare the two you have to keep in mind that they do have their differences and the way you scrutinize one of them does n't neccesarily work as a way to scrutinize the other . 
   rather than to stand up to irrational positions through proper debate . 
  the thing is , atlest over here , that the `` immigrant critics '' have made a whole lot of gaffes and scandals with representatives beeing openly racist and so on . 
  ( ofcourse this should n't be used to wholly disregard their opinions . ), 
  but since its been happening quite a lot the racists have been able to paint themselves as the victims of the media and the `` pc-mob '' ( this is * litterally * what they call it btw . ), 
  and have by that made themselves more or less unnaccountable for every racist thing they say as long as the criticism comes from anyone that could be regarded as the `` establishment '' . 
  and by that , aswell as the relatively recent example of democracy gone wry with the third reich , i actually see it as somewhat neccessary to have a baseline of how much `` hate '' you 're allowed to propagate before being placed under sanction . 
  ofcourse i 'm only supporting a law like that as long as its practiced and applied restrictively and especially not arbitrarily . 
  so i basically see it as a neccesary evil that secures more good than bad . 
  yes i have a hard time seeing someone ever beeing sentenced simply because stating `` i hate muslims '' . 
  but ofcourse the circumstance matters a whole lot . 
  i just made that example to diffirentiete between the translation op gave and how the requisite should really be understood . 
  i know you jest but i hope you 're aware thats not at all how the law is read and applied by the courts . 
  honestly even the examples the op gave would be well within the constraints of the hate speech regulation . 
  as in , there is not a snowballs chance in hell that would be regarded as hate speech . 
  comming from a law student btw , feel the need to back up my claims for some reason . 
  law student here . 
  first of all the paragraph is misstranslated and simply `` expressing disrespect '' is n't enough to commit hate speech . 
  secondly since this is a crime , and not for example a civil issue , the law ( the * real * expression of the law ) will be applied restrictively . 
  as in they courts will count every circumstance with the the most positive presumtion for the charged individual as possible . 
  and i also want to add that the common fine for this crime is a fine . 
  in modern times there has only been one instnace of a prison sentence for hate speech ( atleast what i can remember and find ) and that was because his repeated offences . 
  the sentence was 5 months . 
  yes , yes you can . 
  i get how you come to that conclusion from the translation provided but simply `` expressing disrespect '' is n't close to enought to commit hate speech in sweden . 
  its a bad translation . 
  you can always say bad things abour russians . 
  its a misstranslation that you cant express disrespect . 
  ffs all forms of satire would be banned if that was the case . 
  also keep in mind that this is a ridiculous translation and simply expressing `` disrespect '' is far from enough to commit hate speech . 
  the law does n't actually say that , its terribly translated by the op . 
  in effect of the law the more precise translation would be that you are n't allowed to present the idea that someone is `` worth '' less than someone else ** just ** because of the characteristics mentioned . 
  ex : you can say `` i hate the muslims because i believe religion is a parasite of society and everyone that follow it are simpletons '' you ca n't say : `` i hate muslim because they 're muslims '' . 
  it 's fairly simply and not at all as arbitrary as just `` disrespecting '' . 
  you 're translating this terribly , `` missaktning '' does not in any way translate to `` disrespect '' . 
  to show `` missaktning '' is basically to openly despice something to the point just up to inciting hate for it . 
  you also failed to mention that the most common sanction is a fine . 
  i 'm a law student currently in my second year of studies , if anyone have a question i 'm free to answer . 
  it 's actually the anti immigrant right that is disputing the concept, 
  no the effect of the treaty falls under customary international law and , i believe , jus cogens aswell . 
  also both of those nations have signed on to the icj and the icj have judged that all signatory nations are bound by the effects of the non-proliferation treaty ( by the way of customary international law ) and could theoretically be brought before the court due to that . 
  although another nation would have to take the case to the court and neither of them are going to since they would both be under scrutiny . 
  you know how a national of a nation that have n't signed the un human rights charter ( or other similar treaties ) still can be convicted for crimes against humanity or breaches of fundamental human rights ? 
  this is , kinda , essentially like that . 
  it 's a lot more factors that could be brought up but i 'm starting to flash back to my int-law classes so i 'm gon na stop now . 
  i got tartu as my top recommendation . 
  any estonians wan na chime on how tartu is ? 
  i meant more that japans population is about to collapse with the regressive reproduction numbers which will make their economic system untenable unless they want their coming pensioners to literaly starve in the streets . 
  and china is only the top economy in absolute numbers . 
  as in they have the largest population in the world , ofcourse they 're also gon na be one of the largest economies . 
  if you look at gdp per capita ( either nominal or ppp ) neither china nor japan is close to top 4 economies . 
  hell japans best placement is 24 . 
  the majority of the top nations are immigration friendly ironically . 
  what you talking about ? 
  it was * glorious * !, 
  do n't think neither china 's nor japan 's demographic numbers and trends are to aim for . 
   socialist = value the group over the individual . 
  thats not true either , socialists believe that collectivisation of economic means will maximise liberty for the individual . 
  as in : better equal spread of finances means the majority of the population would have to work less for the same ( or more ) gain which means greater freedom both time and energy wise and creates and incentive for things like personal growth in areas such as education , arts , social circles , etc. 
  it also decreases ( possibly even abolishes ) the assymetric political power that wealthy individuals hold ( through media , political sponsorship lobbying , etc ) , meaning that the average individual gains greater political influence , more political liberty for the individual . 
  socialism refers to economic policies and organisation , not the movement and choices of the individual . 
  unfortunately horrible dictatorships and autocracies like the soviet union and maoist china has n't exactly helped clear up the missconception . 
  edit : i should possibly add that the `` libertarian '' monicker to `` libertarian socialism '' refers to the fact that they do n't wa n't to take an authoritarian approach to achieving a socialist system ( such as a coup or bloody revolution ) but instead through either associative or democratic means . 
  american libertarians do n't actually have an end game more than `` less state '' . 
  those that do are more often just classical liberals or small government conservatives . 
  actually they are really exactly the same . 
  libertarian is the moniker that anarchist took when anarchism was outlawed in france . 
  only from an american perspective ( an even then , only in recent years ) is libertarian taken as a miniscule government right-winger . 
  in europe there are a bunch a very active libertarian movements that is actually libertarian , as in socialists that believe in a miniscule state and democratic ideals . 
  it always irks me that the american far-right has managed to skew the meaning of the term so much . 
  i do n't envy your position in this thread , good on you for standing up for human rights ( and everything else ) . 
  its ' ridiculous that human rights is controversial in these parts . 
  wiser sure , much more difficult , expensive and with a greater risk that it 'll crumble and then you 're back to square one . 
  labour actually is a socialist party , it says so right in the party constitution . 
  not much more to it than that . 
  thats a study of america though . 
  no reason to assume it can be directly extrapolated to finland , there 's quite possible a multitude of other factors in a whole different nation . 
  everything from culture to law enforcement and crime prevention . 
  hell even rehabilitation should be wastly different . 
  no i got what you meant , i just meant that if the countdown ends and britain is n't satisfied with the result , them ( you ) sitting on it untill the eu gives you a better deal could most likely be conscrued as a breach of rule of law ( as in not starting the mechanics of exiting after the time is up ) and by that argument suspend as much of the british membership as possible by art 7 . 
  you follow ? 
  it would n't exacly be difficult for the eu to claim that a refusal to make a decisive call ( as in wether to activate the article or not and thereafter leave ) would be a breach of both democratic values and rule of law . 
  especially if britain does as you suggest , activate art 50 and then just refuse to leave untill you 've got a favourable deal . 
  in such a situation it would be a cakewalk to both argue for a breach in the rule of law and even easier to convinve the neccesary amount of member states ( fairly certain just about everyone would join ) . 
   suspension of voting rights is intended to be used to punish countries that are not respecting the human rights of its citizens , not as a punishment for not playing ball with the eu .
