  i disagree that its meant to be so limited as you suggest but even if we accept your premise the eu is entirelt capable to use the article as long as they follow the letter of it , regardless of the articles intention . 
  yeah i suppose it is , its just that before we know the details it 's difficult to judge the merits of the idea and while i 'm all for discussing it here between laymen i find it almost wasteful when public eu figures seriously discuss it since it takes the focus from more pressing issues . 
  i would like the europhile politicians to make sure the train is actually on the track before they start shoveling the coal . 
  yes but the veto can be suspended , that 's the whole point . 
  the battle groups are functional as of now . 
  how about we focus on the areas that are necessary to fix , such as the euro , brexit , democratic deficit , climate change , refugees etc , before we spend precious political capital and public trust on something that is ideologically a nice idea but not something we at all need right this second . 
  i would like to see a situation in which the eu is militarily independent ( as in , no nato ) but as long as general peace is upheld the way that is achieved is secondary to more urgent issues . 
  make sure we still have a union going forward before making the prestigious but difficult enhancements . 
  not but there are mechanics to introduce economic sanctions and suspend your vote , functionally kicking you out while still formally a member . 
  it might even be worse in that you 'd still have to follow every burden of the eu without getting any of the benefits . 
  also there 's nothing stopping th eu from developing a mechanic for kicking members out , suspending your vote would even make sure that you would n't have any input . 
  that 's like saying it 's fine for isis to attack a hospital with western staff because the us just bombed one of their strongholds . 
  is it really disgraceful ? 
  is n't it simply the usual case of the eu courts being swamped and underfunded ? 
  even the simplest cases take years so a important and precedent setting question like this understandably took some time . 
  if you want a more effective court , lobby ( or simply vote ) for your government to increase funding for the courts . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  we should have a referendum . 
  ofcourse then britain will come bargin in , probably occupying \u00c5land or something . 
  because we all know that if its two things britain ca n't stay away from its referenda and territortial island conflicts . 
  it 's like christmas to them , or cat nip or something . 
  it is synonymous with the ideology of `` anarchy '' . 
  anarchism is a socialist ideology that do n't belive in forced hierarchies and think that change must come from the bottom up , from democratic change in society . 
  it 's quite honestly one of the most democratic ideologies still around . 
  not if they believe that eu democracy is or will be more democratic than british democracy , mainly due to the european principle of subsidiarity . 
  then the eu is a much greater upholder of human rights than britain so i can definitely see anarchists promoting the eu over westminster just because of that . 
  nothing is black and white . 
  yeah but you were talking about two elections ago and not about polls at all . 
  fair enough they have a strong showing in current polls but they did n't have as strong result in the last election . 
  i mean , not to marginalise the party but , its not too difficult to double a single digit vote share . 
  the feminist party far more than double their vote share yet did n't even make it into parliament . 
  alternatively they could take the stability hit , would n't recommend it though . 
  yes they do , if you stipulate that they do n't then it is n't a `` free '' society is it ? 
  freedom is n't free if its only freedom that you or the majority appreciate . 
  i do n't appreciate reppressive culture or clothing but at the core of freedom lies the right to make decisions , and dress in ways , that offend others and could be seen as mistakes . 
  security is the only real reason to publicly ban anything and this provides no more safety than a ban on hoodies would . 
  nazi uniforms are not banned in most of europe . 
  pretty much only germany . 
  and having one shit law is no reason to introduce more . 
  i mean , im a law student here in sweden so that is all just not true and i know it because i studied the criminal balk quite extensively a year ago . 
  why do you feel like you have to lie ? 
  is it a last effort to support your perspective or something ? 
  well our kind of lobbying is a fair amount different . 
  first of all lobbying is built in to our legislative process in which the views and recommendation of every major organisation of relevance is recorded among the politicians own views and is then kept in the `` f\u00f6rarbetena '' permanently . 
  but on the flipside sweden as a populace that is very sensitive to any form of `` indecent influence '' on our politicians . 
  i still remember the outcry after max burgers gave every mp a free burger as a thanks for recently passed legislation . 
   so what is this `` free fall '' and `` collapse '' that reddits more far-right subs goes on about ? 
  the same rhetoric of fear we heard when we took in refugees from the balkans in the nineties , jews duing the second war and refugees from italy even earlier . 
  it 's always that we ca n't cope as a society and that the number is record high , completely disregarding that our current intake is about the same per capita as our nineties intake and other earlier intakes . 
  in thirty years time we 're going to lament our brilliant footballer that was born in syria but spent most of his life here , coincidentally forgetting that the fear mongering going on around people like him getting refuge here , all the while a new fear mongering will be up and running about the intake of japanese refugees from the sino-nippon conflict . 
  all being said has been said and will be said again . 
  unfortunately humanity learns very slowly , if at all . 
  i mean i suppose that is an opinion one could take but it does n't alter the text in the geneca convention . 
  it might suit you in this case but then it could be used against groups such as the polish and french resistence during ww2 just aswell . 
  the convention is a potential double edged sword and there is a reason it has the limitations that it has . 
  you have to be part of the military to be a war criminal . 
  and the geneva convention only hold jurisdiction over soldiers in uniform so lynchers would have to be tried by turkey . 
  yes it is . 
  why ? 
  im all for securing our human rights but if its done at the cost of other human rights then its all simply futile . 
  border controls we can do , banning every muslim from entering the country is a different story , which is what some in this thread are suggesting . 
  we should do what we can to stop attacks like this , but we have to safe guard our ideals so we do n't loose them in an effort to protect them . 
  im not in any way defending them but its essentially because their original renown and support and recruitment came from the discontent of the western invasions of the middle eastern nations , fueling this discontent from both sides is the only way they can stay relevant and continue to exist . 
  hopefully local groups like the kurds can wipe isis out on the ground before the situation continues in this fashion , otherwise it 's going to get worse before it gets better . 
  aye , but not at the cost of fundametal human rights . 
  ok yeah that was genuinely interesting so thanks . 
  but it fails to argue whether the global growth will be malthusian or logistic . 
  it simply mentions that sometimes malthusian growth have lead to malthusian disasters and sometimes it has turned out to be logistic growth and a disaster has been avoided . 
  it does n't have any real sway on the current situation since we do n't know which it will turn out to be . 
  especially as our economic system is reactionary and not premeditary the population wo n't be able to adjust to a scarcity of resources until after the scarcity has hit , thereby making the breaking point `` invisible '' for a natural adjustment of growth . 
  i also feel like it ignores alternative reactions to scarcity such as warfare and uprisings . 
  for example it 's pretty widely established that the french revolution happened due to the scarcity of resources . 
  and a looming famine for the peasants . 
  a malthusian disaster was then avoided because so many people were killed in the following events and wars that there were more than enough sustenance to go around . 
  now extrapolate that to our situation . 
  yeah most probably a malthusian disaster will be avoided but most likely not as easily as just by a tappering off of growth , but more likely through warfare , rebellions and instability . 
  and even if the logistic growth turns out to be the one in effect that does n't mean we are out of the wood work . 
  that simply means that were living in a failing economic system since it 's built on the foundation of linear or greater growth . 
  such a development will most likely lead to conflict aswell, 
  i have n't downvote you , just fyi . 
  and yes they do have higher birthrates , about 2.2-2 .4 . 
  not exactly short term population shift levels . 
  and in general second generation immigrants conform to the national average and third generation does the same without fault . 
  and it generally helps it along of the nation is somewhat open to migrants which makes it easier to immigrate ( unlike a xenophobic nation/culture ) . 
  not exactly a top priority issue in my opinion . 
  we shouldnt stick our heads in the sand and ignore it but so far it does n't seem like a long tern problem . 
  i mean for large swathes of the population it has happened , multiple times . 
  everytime more people and larger areas have been affected . 
  overpopulation wo n't destroy society but it is n't gon na be a pleasant numbers of years when the world destabilise due to the lack of sustenance either . 
  climate change most likely wo n't kill of our species either but a large amount of people will die , most of the globe will have to emigrate due to rising sea levels and fertile land turning to desert ( which means europe and america being overrun by climate migrants btw ) and the general comfortlevel wont be the same again for centuries . 
  it 's not the end of the world but i do not want to see what both those disasters will do to our civilisation if/when they hit us in tandem . 
  ver right but that 's not my point . 
  my point is that not even in the most optimal conditions will it be productive to ferry people over to the colonies to keep earth at a stable level . 
  it will be much more economical to grow a colony longterm by letting the settlers procreate . 
  and by much more economical i mean it would cost a fraction of the cost to constantly ferry people over the wast fucking expanse of space . 
  it 's simply not feasible , atleast not with any outlook by current technological levels . 
  invent a stargate and we could talk about it . 
  if it 's due to muslim immigration that would be weird since we did n't exceed the european average of muslim entries until a couple of years ago and surely germany would be atleast as high as sweden then , seeing how they took in even more muslims per capita than sweden . 
  not everything boils down to immigration i 'm sorry to say . 
  although i have a feeling a few in this sub would like it to .
