  if your power is absolute then there is nothing to gain by being corrupt . 
  so ofcourse no absolute ruler has been corrupted . 
  are you including nazi germany in that estimate ? 
  if so i would like to see some sources and to show your work . 
  the lybia fighter question was hardly divided as you say . 
  just about every party except the ones in power were against it . 
  stating things like this only reinforces the idea that sd is the only opposition party which is hardly true if you loon at the actually votes . 
  the leftist party and the alliansen vote against the sitting government kust as often as sd . 
  thats great and all but the wast majority of society does care what is considered `` normal '' and because we want homosexuals to be treated just like everyone else in society we should push for the tolerance and acceptance of homosexuals to be the norm and therefore `` normal '' . 
  i appreciate your sentiment that math is simple and logical and a much more precise tool than say sociology . 
  but until the point in which we can account for every little aspect and factor , known and unknown , math is ineffective and borderline useless for grand analysis of society in favor of empirically based and normativelly interpreted studies . 
  also i want to point out that the term `` normal '' existed in philosophy and society as a whole before mathematics were even close to become a independent discipline . 
  thanks for the insta downvote . 
  no i know that there is n't anything in the charter about liking homosexuality . 
  you ca n't discriminate by sexuality though and by not allowing homosexuals the access to marriage you 're doing just that . 
  you 're talking about normality in the mathematical sense though . 
  liking a sport that the majority of people does n't like is n't abnormal , it 's uncommon . 
  norms in society does n't have to be supported by a qualified majority to still be considered a norm . 
  ever read the european charter of human rights ? 
  you are kind of bound by the treaties to adhere to said charter . 
  they 've already been exposed for creating illegal registrating lists for roma , i doubt the police care at all what politicians think . 
  get back to you when they 've invented a solution to misogyny and racism ? 
  sure thing . 
  you make sure to get back to me when you 've decided to open your mind . 
  it says right there in the article that they found it unsurprising . 
  i guess bullshit must be in great demand considering how much you seem to be peddling it . 
  on the links . 
  the second link is an opinionpiece regarding the issue . 
  if you actually read it youll se that its a leftist party official debating another leftist party official . 
  so this lnk actually points to the opposite of what you 're claiming . 
  the first link is also an opinion piece and funnily enough its the original opinion piece that your second link references . 
  neither point to anything of what you 're saying and even if the writers of the pieces werent part of the leftst party it would still just be opinions , not actual sources . 
  while a party leader is definately a spokesperson for the party another member could also be appointed or elected spokesperson for the organisation on a specific issue or for a specific branch . 
  in this regard the member has been appointed to lead the study and is therefore the partys spokesperson on the issue . 
  that they 've been fighting for certain view for a long time that would warrant them expecting another outome of the study . 
  especially since the party spokesperson in the actual article said they werent surprised . 
  as one i 'd like a source on that please . 
  there is a difference between saying `` people from the middle east are in a deplorable situation and need our assistance '' and saying `` people from the middle east should come live in sweden cause they 're amazing and can do no wrong '' . 
  but i guess it 's quite tough to keep up with a black and white world view if you start to let a little nuance enter the discussion . 
  pretty much this sub summed up . 
  they litterally juat completed the study . 
  but i 'm sure that you hold the parties that fit your personal bias to the same superhuman standard that you 're subjecting this party to . 
  and calling them the regressive left is a great example of a contradictory statement since they 're the ones to actually point out the problem . 
  regressives would cover it up . 
  but im sure the term is mostly for blind dogmatism than its about rational application anyway . 
  and thanks for the downvote . 
  always fun when the opposition try to silence my arguments , no matter how hypocritical it is of them . 
  yes because that 's how things works . 
  you find something out and automatically you have an action plan in motion . 
  oh wait , even the leftist party have to work within the frames of physically reality and they 're no even in power so they could n't do anything even if they wanted to . 
  yeah this is the willfully ignorance and circlejerking of / r/europe that i was talking about . 
  jerk on , do n't let me or a little facts stop you . 
  i 'm sure your narrative is more real than the real world anyway . 
  there is literally a quote in the article from a spokesperson of the party saying `` this is sad but unsurprising . '', 
  i 'm starting to get the impression that you guys did n't even read the article and just took the title as an opportunity to wank over your preconceived notions . 
  oh how silly of me , that could n't ever be the case now could it ? 
  your examples are people that publicly incriminate themselves . 
  surely you must see the difference between that and someone charged in their absence ? 
  the study was initiated by the leftist party . 
  i 'm sure this will just go over the head of this subreddit though since it 's contradictory to the notion that leftists just ignore any possibility of muslims doing anything immoral . 
  actually its clearlty a orwellian idea . 
  in 1984 he describes revolution as the middle section of a society overthrowing the upper section of society with the support of the lower classes . 
  the middle an upper sections now switched possitions and the lower classes are still at the bottom , continusly having the worst time . 
  then the revolution happends again and yet again and everytime the lowest classes stay at the bottom . 
  i 'd say the idea that a revolution can be co-opted is straight form orwellian . 
   it 's the luck of the draw . 
  if you were n't born here , tough shit . 
  i feel like you do n't really know what `` the left is '' . 
  the fundamental idea of leftist politics is that to whom or where you were birthed should n't define your future . 
  asking the left to give up what you asked is to ask the left to stop being left . 
  they are still less likely to overpower their victim . 
   you mean no other media owners / editors have direct connection to active politicians none of the mainstream , no . 
  sometimes there is n't an `` other side '' . 
  in this case the article is using circumstantials to claim that dn is covering up . 
  all parties agree on the clear facts so the only thing that this outlet provides is unsources opinions . 
  well this news outlet is the only swedish one which is run by ex politicians of the sd party . 
  no other media outlet has a connection close to that . 
  only if that media outlet is tied to a certain political party . 
  which this article is . 
  when the papers are run by people in connections with the most anti-establishment party in the parliament ofcourse you should be wary . 
  its in those people 's best interest to sensationalise in favor of the party . 
  ok so let 's sum this up . 
  a anti immigration news site is reporting that a psychologist called a reporter of dn which in turn relayed the lead to the paper editor which in turn decided that the lead was n't tangible enough the psychologists is disappointed that the reporter is n't willing to risk their reputation on a lead that only has the psychologist as a source when even the psychologist himself is n't willing to go public with it . 
  so at worst the reporter is at fault for not following up on a lead that her editor deemed improbable , most likely since the only source was a psychologist that did n't want to risk his own reputation on the claim . 
  the rest of the article is at best circumstantial . 
  since the psychologist mailed 2 more news outlets and since dn is one of swedens most right wing outlet im tend to assume that from the perspective of experienced journalists in general the claim from the psychologists seemed to unlikely or uninteresting to follow up on . 
  sure it 's a fuck up but i fail to see how it 's some kind of big cover up . 
  if we were to sum up the article it 's basically a psychologist that 's disgruntled at dn for not publishing his claim and in revenge going to this current outlet and claiming that dn covered up the instance . 
  once again , yes it was badly handled but everything pointing to malice is , at best , circumstantial . 
  for example the reporter being disappointed that the psychologist leaked their conversation hardly points to the reporter conspiring . 
  it 's hardly shocking that a reporter assumes that their contact with sources are confidential . 
  honestly , this article is anti-establishment click bait . 
  it seems i 've been a bit of an idiot . 
  i must have missed the swedish memo or something . 
  could you tell me how it 's possible to get state handouts without paying taxes , looking for work or in general contributing to the nation ? 
  here i 've been paying taxes like a chump . 
  ok like this then : the only point i wanted to make was that american free speech isnt absolute . 
   okay , no problem . 
  let 's place the sanction on the incitement to violence . 
  how is saying `` i do n't believe the holocaust happened '' an incitement to violence ?
