  that together with `` eu-migrants '' ( romani ) begging on the streets in major cities . 
  right now on the nations papers and and tv-news everyone is discussing the sweden democrats recent pr-move apologizing to tourists on major billboards . 
  the party is the most outspoken anti-immigration party in the parliament and they 're apologizing of the state of sweden . 
  honestly i 'd say there is a good 30 % of swedes thats big anti-immigration/borderline racist . 
  maybe the majority is sceptic to the current levels . 
  but there is not close to enough political will to change anything major . 
  very , very few regard the situation as the end of days moment some swedes here are painting the picture of . 
  of course not and being and agnostic-atheist myself i do n't really appreciate religion in any form . 
  but that doesnt mean we should use hyperbole and demonize whole groups because we do n't agree with their reasoning . 
  this idea is that this whole debacle is some sort of evidence of sweden becoming a calipath any day now is nothing short of ridiculous and i do n't think we gain anything by furthering exagerated discourses like this . 
  white power groups really dont need more ammunition so could we possible aim the anti-immigration sights at a situation that is n't just a couple of old ladies wanting to swim in private because their personal god delusion . 
  yes this is n't optimal from a principle-standpoint but it betters their life and its to the detriment of exactly * no one * . 
  could we now , possibly , focus on something important ? 
  what you should know is that fringe-right groups are highly active on the web . 
  flashback is a famous swedish forum that harbors a lot of / racist/nazi/anti-immigration sentiment and its population has actively taken over every other swedish political forum out there . 
  the trend over att / r/sweden has been quite revealing . 
  regarding the general population , right before last years election immigration was ranked among the fifth most ( i think ) important issue among the general population . 
  it simply was n't important enough to overtake the other issues ( unemployment , healthcare , education were among the mosre popular issue to focus on ) . 
  also the swedish democrats have been able to garner more and more support although they are tainted with a lot of white power history . 
  really recent history aswell which was mostly cleaned up at around 2006-2008 , afterwhich it has been trying to seem more credible . 
  to its detriment its local politicians ( and some at the top ) have been making major tits of themselves which havent really helped the party image . 
  so there might be some untapped anti-immigration votes left to tap but i 'd wager that most that rate immigrations as their most important issue already vote for the anti-immigration party . 
  guess well see in 4 years . 
  you should know that many bathhouses already have this in effect . 
  for example my home town ( eskilstuna ) this is the case . 
  also worth noting that its not a case of total segregation . 
  it simply the case of , for example , tuesdays afternoons is women only and wednesdays afternoons is male only with all other times being completely non-regulated . 
  15-20 years ago the norm was actually to segregate female and male swimming completely all over sweden , so this is nothing knew being forced onto my country . 
  honestly i find this whole debacle much to hyperbolic . 
  its basically the equivalent of blaming vegetarians for giving in to islamists by quitting pork . 
  nevermind the vegetarians decision to quit pork has nothing to do with islam or any religious groups . 
  there is no muslim marches and protests demanding absolute segregation of the bathhouses . 
  its simply muslim women wanting access to the pools for a couple of hours , `` swedish women '' ( aka white/secular-christian women ) have asked for things like this to be implemented before ( stating the reason that they do n't always feel secure , among other ) with absolutely no controversy being made . 
  then when muslim women all of a sudden ask for it then its apparently the obvious proof of sweden imminently falling under sharia law . 
  so more than one tenth is not a good portion in your opinion ? 
  i suppose its subjective but thats too much of an aristocratic prescense for me to not regard it as a black stain on british democrazy . 
  except the politically elected representatives are barely in majority . 
  there is good portion of hereditary seats left . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  `` electoral dictatorship '' is an oxymoron . 
  dictatorship of the masses all you please but a unicameral would bring more democracy , for better or worse . 
  honestly youre preaching that the `` hereditary dictatorship '' of the house of lords is preferable to an absolute representative parliament , what you called `` electoral dictatorship '' if the system is flawed with minor parties gaining majority powers then fix that , do n't shy away from democracy because it is n't perfect . 
  i would do away with the ridiculous cross . 
  if the nation is secular the flag should mirror that . 
  could possibly change it to the three golden crowns with a blue background . 
  although i do n't support the monarchy the country still officially is a administrative monarchy so reasonably the flag could mirror that . 
  they are transported to their country of origin . 
  it 's been a few debacles here about sending people to the wrong countries because of mix ups and generally the department of migration is pretty zelous to make sure that people not granted their asylum is exited from the country . 
  there are organisations whose whole ambition is to hinder the police when they transport turned down asylum seekers to the airport . 
  the keyword here is `` requesting '' far from the majority of asylum seekers is granted asylum . 
  were far from getting 1 % of new people into the country every year . 
  even if you bunch up regular immigrants with people here on asylum its not even close . 
  * you do realise that if you too come upon rough times about the first thing you get is a bus pass if you have no access to other transportation ? 
  actually if you are on social security you could easily get a free bus pass to aid in going to job intewviews and the like . 
  uuhm , so ? 
  so `` leftie '' = anarchists now ? 
  cool , next time i argue with any right leaning individuals i have a whole lot of ad hominem to unload on them . 
  edit : the video is from an instance where the police have had to come out and apologize for their abhorrent job and the moment you linked is a black dressed individual ( so black clothes automatically mean anarchist in your book i guess ? ), 
  shouting at an outspoken nazi party march and subsequently being poked with a flagpole . 
  hardly anarchistic antagonisation now is it ? 
  also here is a link with statistics regarding political violence in sweden from 1999 to 2009 : https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%a5ldsam_politisk_extremism_i_sverige if you google translate it you can see that violent actions by `` white power/right extremism '' far outnumber `` autonomous groups '' ( autonomous groups is the categorisation of `` leftists '' since they rarely adhere to a real group and often act `` autonomously '' ), 
  you just needed a strawman leftie to blame everything on didnt you ? 
  i missremembered , we settled delaware and the colony ( ies ) were forcefully incorporated into the dutch colonies which was based in lower manhattan , called new amsterdam at the time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_sweden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_netherland#south_river_and_new_sweden still though , much of the now thought of as `` yankee territory '' was originally settled by germanic ( and finnish ) people . 
  do they divert from the `` norm '' ? 
  ( as in heterosexuality ) yes . 
  although as homosexuality has been observed in hundreds of species and often fulfill a specific purpose within those species i simply see `` abnormal '' as missleading when meant to categorise homosexuality . 
  homosexuality is a `` sexual preference of the minority '' but its not , biologically speaking , abnormal . 
  sematics aside , stating homosexuality as abnormal is nothing but missleading . 
  yes , its really all about being a good p.a.t.r.i.o.t. 
  well thats not entirely true . 
  new york , for example , was settled both by sweden and the netherlands before england took over . 
  also up intill ww2 german was taught as a primary language in plenty parts of america . 
  no offence but why enginers or technicians ? 
  i get scientists or economists but technicians ? 
  are they gon na debate over preferable bridge building techniques ? 
  politicians are important with kmow-alll of big picture stuff . 
  how to actually manage the minutae of day to day department work should be decided by technicians and other micro-focused individuals . 
  also politicians really have a benifit if theyve been to law school since politicians literally write the law . 
  switzerland is homogenous ? 
  you are shitting me right ? 
  they do n't even speak the same language . 
  furthermore they are more or less the same amount of people there as in greece . 
  not every european is \u00e4n asshole . 
  mostly the neo-liberal austerity fans it seems . 
  good luck going forwards !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  when they say they samt to change the eu i assume they mean through democratic means . 
  i have no idea why you would assume otherwize . 
  ha i love that they didnt respons to this . 
  its easy to bash socialism except when they are actually mer by a good example . 
  good riddance . 
  well switzerland seem to be doing alright . 
  plato also said : `` lying is a privilegie that should only be granted to the ruling class / politicians '' ever since i heard that i starten to se him as the autocrat he was . 
  socrates \u00f6n the other hand ... 
   impose their vision on others . 
  also known as `` participating in the democratic process '' but no , because you dont agree with them they 're `` imposing '', 
  swedish/nordic modell ftw !, 
  actually before ww2 we were # 19 richest country per capita or something like that . 
  we were dirt poor after ww1 due to the illegal british blockade which was partly the reason the social democrats rose to power .
