  good luck having nato attacking nato . 
  good luck having the coastguard entering sovereign waters of other nations to dump of refugees without having an international crisis . 
  should work now . 
  this differs depending on the nation but most patent holders can be compelled to license out their patent to other market actors under certain circumstances . 
  to get design copyright you work needs to be distinct from previous designs . 
  and as should be well known the euro currency was designed to ape european architectural styles . 
  so this has lead to for example the 500 euro note looking pretty much exactly as the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guadiana_international_bridge with pretty much absolute certainty i 'd say that there is enough bridges around with the same architectural styles as the euro currency that there is atleast one bridge for every currency that the currency shares to much of its likeness to be considered distinct . 
  therefore i 'd say its a fair assumption that the euro bridges wo n't be protected by design copyright . 
  and even then design copyright only has an automatic application ( the holder of a design right must agree to its usage ) if they registered the design , and since they havent registered it ( and if we still assume that they hold the copyright ) the dutch architecht wouldnt need their approval only their passivity . 
  thats not how copyright work . 
  law student here . 
  the ttip would have unified the worst part of both continents ip law and morphed it into something much worse . 
  did not look forward to that , happy it fell through . 
  would also have made the dmca applicable in europe and the right of privacy ( youre not to found of it ) applicable in america . 
  the worst of the worst , applicable for both parties . 
  no thanks . 
  once again , im not saying leaving would be good just that i know my own population and that population is sceptic as it is , further forced integration like this and people are gon na wan na leave . 
  as it is only the right , the social democrats , are hardent supporters of leaving . 
  but after this move the left would support it aswell and the writing would be on the wall . 
   had to be made to vote the correct way . 
  `` had to be made '' the treaty was ammended untill it was acceptable . 
  literally everyone got what they wanted . 
  i fully agree but i believe that its a change that must atleast be agreed on by the majority of evert nation . 
  if its forced from the top down it will be resisted and more will leave . 
  i mean yeah , but it would also wreck the swedish modell . 
  i 'm not sure thats true . 
  britain was one of the greatest winners of the eu yet they despised the eu the most and the eastern member states are among the most eurofriendly . 
  only really greece stand out , both ireland and protugal are immensely pro-eu . 
  none ? 
  i 'm not saying leaving would fix anything just that sweden ( together with the rest of the nordics ) are among the most eurosceptic and the only thing holding sweden to the eu is the mostly eu friendly youth and middle agers . 
  push that demographic a few percentage points ( which , considering the economic situation wouldnt be that difficult , just look at the sweden democrats ) would be enough . 
  enough to squeeze it through like britain atleast . 
  look i 'm not saying its rational but nationalism rarely is . 
  i want sweden to stay but this wo n't go over well to the swedish public . 
  yes im all for that but macron is framing it as an ultimatum and that wont go over well in any even slightly eurosceptic nation . 
  progress takes time and i think its reckless to try and push it through in the few years that macron would ( most likely ) be in office . 
  i 'm open to it . 
  we just need to tread carefully . 
  sweden definitely would . 
  or atleast it would give the eu sceptic parties would get an enormous boost and most likely demand a referendum on leaving . 
  i imagine the same to be true of denmark and finland aswell . 
  financial independence is a huge red line for us swedes and all of the nordics are hugely eurosceptic as it is ( unfortunately ) . 
  which would effectively kill each nations financial independence . 
  i do want more european integration but doing this is putting the cart before the horse and promising that many nations ( mine included ) will look at leaving . 
  i 'm entirely for that but its a bit reductionist to just think its that simple . 
  in the process of stabilising the nation the suffering civilians still need protection and untill a greenzone can be established we have to take them in as refugees . 
  thats just how it is . 
  its either that or let innocent people die through decease , starvation or being bombed . 
   you and this guy are very welcome to disagree and i definitely wo n't stop you  cool and its fine that you disagree aswell . 
   although i would appreciate it if you did n't call people stupid for disagreeing with you . 
   i never called you mentally deficient . 
  i said you have psychological issues ( which your projecting of your own faults also indicates ) . 
  this is just symantics but i view those as synonyms . 
   it 's a reasonable conclusion of your posts targeted at me . 
  with the exception of chains like these when we just discuss past conduct i think we 've only conversed once . 
   you claim to study law but again and again prove that you do n't understand the very basics of ( swedish ) law and juricidal system . 
  alright i 'll bite , what basics of swedish law do n't i understand ? 
   if a person claimed to be a medical doctor but failed to be able to locate the heart or explain what the basic function of a kidney is , that person would be a liar . 
  unlike a medical doctor the title `` jurist '' is n't legally protected . 
  bad example . 
  also quite reductive considering plenty of doctors are oblivious of the most basic of anatomic issues but are expert in very niche areas . 
  `` knowing everything about nothing '' is a common turn of phrase . 
  it 's especially relevant since we have a lack of medical generalists . 
   regardless , this is futile since this is your modus operandi : accuse me of doing the things you are doing , then run away while hurling accusations at me . 
  what have i accused you of doing ? 
   i just realised the reason i commented on your post is that is that you frighten me . 
  to be quite honest your constant internet stalking of me is n't making me to comfortable either . 
   in that case you 'll soon be one of those people who are meant to uphold the law while having your own , twisted view of it and the world in general . 
  people generally have opinions about their line of work and generally they are better informed about their own line of work than laymen . 
  policemen support the death penalty , steeper punishments and fascism to a higher degree than the general populace . 
  are you frightened everytime you see a police aswell ? 
   you scare me and by answering to your posts i have a naive and stupid hope of reaching out to you before you can do any harm . 
  you have a weird definition of `` reaching out '' . 
  alright so i 'm gon na stop answering you now but nice of you to stop calling me names . 
   if it 's a different from of communism or not is besides the point since he is using the flag which is associated with the traditional communism . 
  you 're associationg it with that , the actual `` traditional '' meaning of the flag is non-violent . 
  i definitely am in lawschool , almost done to !, 
  i can send you a copy of my graduation form when im done . 
  also ad hominem out the ass from you , calling me mentally deficient rather than argue with me . 
  and yes i 'm a democratic socialist that does believe in a reformistic and peaceful transition within the democratic framework , woe me . 
  any onlookers , you can look through me and horiwaris comments and observe that he has a bit of a history following me around and attack me with personal insults . 
  the questions of mental deficiency should be clear after that point . 
  cheers horiwari , good luck in the future . 
  regardless whether you agree with it or not there are a lot of proclaimed communists that believe in a peaceful and democratic transition . 
  your assumptions about the guy does nothing but shun them even further . 
  i do n't hold any illusions that everyone is gon na be happy about the sitting government but that was n't my argument anyway so you 've either looked past what i said or chosen to ignore it . 
  nice to see you again aswell i guess copy from my other comment to horiwari . 
   i definitely am in lawschool , almost done to !, 
  i can send you a copy of my graduation form when im done . 
  also ad hominem out the ass from you , calling me mentally deficient rather than argue with me . 
  and yes i 'm a democratic socialist that does believe in a reformistic and peaceful transition within the democratic framework , woe me . 
  any onlookers , you can look through me and horiwaris comments and observe that he has a bit of a history following me around and attack me with personal insults . 
  the questions of mental deficiency should be clear after that point . 
  cheers horiwari , good luck in the future . 
  i 'm not sure you can call it a flawless democracy when the two candidates are able to run for the office because one is funded by the russian state and the other is filthy rich and supported by the filthy rich . 
  essentially only the rich or otherwise powerful has managed to rise to contention this election and people have every right to oppose that . 
  now you can oppose the methods but you 're just ruining any form of constructive discussion on the matter by going all reductio ad absurdum on their real intentions . 
  so a guy overcame the prevailing opinion of his educational peers and peacefully protested about it ? 
  imagine the horror . 
  shelter without citizenship is on the table , it 's called refugee status and when the conflict is over refugees have to go back home .
