  i suppose you could argue sweden faired better than most countries during ww2 but our prosperity were in full roll delades before that . 
  yes , that is kind of exactly my point . 
  you know , he might not seen it until that point ? 
  i know i might be a bit radical here but maybe , just maybe , he actually trusted that the media would n't change his statements all willy nilly ? 
  haha yeah youre right . 
  i 'm not comparing anything i 'm simply stating an example on why a carte blanche negative attitude against radical ideas is narrow-minded, 
  yeah and he may yet be correct in that assumption, 
  well id wager he has som more pressing matters to focus on \u00e5t the moment . 
  rather than correcting the media i mean . 
  this is just so wrong in so many instances . 
  when the republicans voted through the ammendment to abolish slavery that was the most radical idea proposed in the history of america . 
  actually most of the population of america was against it \u00e5t the time but the radical republicans went through with it anyway . 
  still i doubt many nowwadays claim it was wrong of lincoln and hos party to be such bleeding radicals . 
  claiming something as `` wrong '' simply because its radical is one of the most ignorant fallacy i can think of . 
  its right up there with ad hominum . 
  well he is right isnt he ? 
  media ** did ** missinterpret him , malis or not . 
  the lefts critique is mainly focused on the profit seeking rather the system itself . 
  in later years a bunch of schools have gone bankrupt leaving the public schools having to pick up the pieces meaning superinflated classes with the same amount of teachers and space . 
  i actually went to one of those schools and the business-vibes emitting from the principle was noticeable . 
  frequently he and some teachers would go on `` marketing events '' and would pick students out from class to stand in booths and try to persuade other kids to join the school . 
  i 'm not saying public schools a blessing but after a while at my school you felt more like a product than a student . 
  the school very often backtracked on their promises once they saw that it wouldnt profit in the short term . 
  the ib program is available and somewhat popular, 
  thats not the case here in sweden so i guess it varies greatly between countries . 
  less hassle and easier to not declare as an income when the taxes are due ? 
  that only what i thought up this second , give me an hour and i 'm sure i could think up hundreds of reasons . 
  thats assuming people are educated enough of the benefits of insurance and training . 
  if the law did n't warrant that people wear seat belts i doubt many would yet its a great benefit to society if people do , therefore there is a law that warrants it . 
  there is also a societal benefit to having educated uber/taxi drivers in that fewer accidents will happen which mean less public money spent on emergency services which means lower taxes . 
  not every issue can be solved with `` free market and unregulated choice = good '' . 
  i wish that it could be that easy but people are short sighted animals and often make the objectively worse call . 
  well of course it is the market has also grown over those twenty years so a larger expenditure os to be expected . 
  the cost only amounts to 39 % nowadays though which is far lower than the 89 % cost then . 
   as for your analogy , we pay billions each year . 
  you obviously did n't get my analogy if you think that was what it was about . 
  the purpose of it was to point out that its ridiculous to expect a tangiable return on such a meaningless gesture as `` being open to adopting the euro '' . 
  and you realise the cap is less than half what it was less than 20 years ago , progress is made and you cant claim it is n't just because you think it should be quicker . 
  because you 're making excuses for your failed representation rather than owning up to it . 
  its fine to not like its leadership but its irritating when people whine and does n't do anything about it . 
  hey thanks !, 
  hopefully you 'll stay in , would n't be the same without you !, 
   you realize our parliament is also one of the most transparent in europe right ? 
  after the whole panama paper leak thing happened our pm straight away released his tax returns to clear his name . 
  if a scandal have to happen for the pm to release relevant information then its not really transparancy is it . 
   the tories are pro rich , corbyn wants to ignore the falkland islanders and discuss a joint rule with argentina and farage is just a hypocrite . 
  yeah no biased retelling of here . 
   cameron is also stepping down after this term so ... yea . 
  also you want people get out on the streets ? 
  alright ... . student riots 2011 , the countless marches by teachers past parliament or the doctors strike practically shutting down the nhs for a couple of days . 
  less than 1 % of the populace is out in the streets and youd call that having the populace standing up for a fair and competent system ? 
  fuck in all of your sited cases the populace at large have ignored and mocked the protests to bits . 
  the only real exception is the junior doctor strikes which have somewhat of generall support , which i also find kind of irritating that it have to be some group like doctors to get the populace support . 
  when transit workers protested for similar treatment that the doctors are facing all the response they got from the public was `` shut the fuck up you 're delaying my commute '' yeah , really upstanding of the public . 
   you make a judgement on our country if you wish but make sure you have the information before hand . 
  oh fuck me tell me one area in which you country is more transparent or the public is more vigilant and i 'll despute it . 
  go on . 
   im not trying to have an argument or anything by the way . 
  mhm , i can see that . 
  a populace always have the government they deserve . 
  i do n't always agree with hobbes by i agree with him on that . 
  either you continue with your flawed democracy and shut up when the result is awful or you get into the streets and actually do something about it . 
  our political system is n't flawless but there have plenty of times in the last century when only a flash has stood between the current system and a outright rebellion and all of those times out system has reformed and now we have one or the most transparent systems around . 
  either you get into the streets and force your corrupt politicians to fox your corrupt system or you sit back down into you soffa and stop blaming the system for your own complacency . 
  you once hade the most militant and therefore effective sufferage movement in the world and now everyone actually getting out into the streets and actually giving a damn is either ignored our mocked by the complacent masses . 
  say what you will about farage and corbyn but atleast both of them care enough to get out into the streets and start new parties and doing whatever it takes to challenge the status quo . 
  but if forcing out your corrupt politicians is to much hassle then stop pretending it 's anyone else 's fault than your own . 
  i suppose it 's a pluralistic majority . 
  i agree it 's misleading though . 
  this is the freaking issue , you 're supporting ideas and policies that other nations value on based on their merit while you see it as some kind of bargaining chip . 
  no one is gon na give you handouts because you supported the same proposition . 
  want some quid pro quo you actually have to verbalize that , say to france that if they help stop policy x you help them stop policy y. 
  you ca n't just support a policy for a country and assume that they 'll give you a blank check to cash in whenever . 
  and ever considered that blair just was shit ? 
  i mean it wouldnt have been the sole mistake it made during his tenure . 
  and finally the euro , sure he proposed that you should enter it but you did n't so i do n't see what you where expecting from that . 
  it 's like walking into a store and get mad when they do n't just allow you to take stuff while you complain that you where `` considering paying '' . 
  yeah whatever . 
  i 'm not making it out like that but i find it disingenuous that you are blaming the germans and the eu at large for having a shit system when you allow your leaders to be complicit in the shit making . 
  vote in a better politician , fuck get corbyn in if that 's what 's it takes , or rebel or do what ever but do n't blame us for your elitist and uncooperative leadership . 
  i 'm not blaming the watering down of labour rights in sweden by the eu on you lot even though your leaders where complicit in that process . 
  in that case , just as most , both your government and mine and the germans etc were part of the process . 
  as someone studying law at the moment and that is well versed in the eu system , it 's just a crock of shit that germany is the sole arbiter in the eu . 
  as in any democracy the larger region have more votes and therefore more weight , just as london within england or england within the uk . 
  the funny thing is that france is already rivaling germany as the leader on many issues and so could the uk aswell if you actually wanted to . 
  i mean you just do n't use the influence you have or use it counterproductively . 
  just a little while a go the eu wanted to crack down on tax havens yet you , the uk , vetoed it . 
  you vetoed something that would have been a universal good for the whole of the eu while at the same time whining over how the eu is holding you back . 
  how is that for irony . 
  you 're right that the heavy weighters dominate the union politics but you fail to recognize that you see one of those heavy weighters and could wield just as much influence as berlin if you just got of your assessment and elected politicians that are willing to work within the union rather than just passively complain and veto when you do n't like the propositions enough . 
  he 'll with how the euro has turned into a pseudo failure you 've got the best opportunity in decades to capitalize bur rather than take the wheel of the union as the somewhat competent dominant nation around you say `` fuck this i 'm out , this is n't working '' . 
  if you do n't appreciate the eu then leave , just realise that france , the uk and germany is all equally complicit in how it has turned out . 
  sure the poll is trustworthy but holy hell what a bunch of crap the article was . 
  `` junker is probably regretting not giving cameron that deal '' yeah because we live in some kind of dictatorship with junker at its head . 
  i mean fuck me its fine if the brits make the choice to leave but we just ca n't up and renegotiate a special deal for every country that threatens to leave everytime it does n't get what they want . 
  either stay in and cooperate or get out and shut up . 
  no nation has any more right than another to leverage their membership in favour of special treatment . 
  well here in sweden every publishing company gets a media subsidy to allow free journalism to flourish . 
  the only real requirements is a minimal amount of circulation and that they 're not breaking any laws . 
  every publisher from the far right parties to the far left parties own publications gets this subsidy .
