  how does it work ? 
  i do n't see any major power following international law really . 
  i see broken laws all over the place , yet still there 's a certain group of countries taking moral high ground , while in fact they 're even lower in the gutter . 
  i was n't involved in recent wars serbia participated in , so i 'm not sure why it would be strange ? 
  from my perspective , as i was n't involved in any war , ww1 , ww2 , war in bosnia , kosovo , is all the same - part of history . 
  so excuse me , a guy from bulgaria , it 's strange you have such a comment considering your countrymen invaded serbia in ww1 and slaughtered every living soul in area of ni\u0161 . 
  not very logical , to put you in context of ww1 , is n't it ? 
  so please do n't put me in context of something i was n't the part of . 
  we were talking about what have you heard before . 
  i replied to that , please follow the conversation . 
  and , if i can observe something - the all righteous west , happen to invade places there 's not a single citizen of their countries . 
  it destroyed everything from the right of morocco to left of iran . 
  it fucked up countries in the latin america , shiit , saudi arabia is fucking up whole region with arms us and eu countries provided . 
  where did you get that morally high attitude ? 
  get off your high horse . 
  once you do that , maybe there will be a time for meaningful discussion . 
  i believe you 're mistaking russia with soviet union . 
  and russia did n't actively invade any of them ( except ossetia , and with a reason ) . 
  maybe you should spend more time battling the atrocities your western countries have done , the list which can barely fit into this textbox . 
  when have you heard that one before ? 
  do n't forget ukraine lost it 's legit government during that time . 
  if ukrainians did n't start violence towards russian speaking population , then things could 've played differently . 
  i work with an it company from crimea , colleague from there said that the vast majority of people did want to join russia after kiev square event . 
  yep , just messing with you . 
  i think we 're all quite similar , maybe even say all people on the balkans are the same - if we exclude the ugly stuff there 's not much to differentiate us by . 
  got it !, 
  keep quiet and pretend you 're albanian . 
  i 've heard nice things about southern coast . 
  do you think it 's safe for a serb to visit during the summer ? 
  i know it 's a bit awkward to ask ( as many people ask same thing about serbia ) , but i ca n't say i 'm not a tad concerned . 
  do you even have any visitors ? 
  i must admit he could 've performed better , but nevertheless his business is similar to market success . 
  i believe it 's more than enough to not mark him as incompetent person who 's under someones influence . 
  if we compare the two candidates , i believe that hilary is more influenced by various media moguls , oil business and military complex . 
  i feel your pain as trump has loose attitude towards putin , but to be fair the whole charade around euromaidan and ukraine conflict was orchestrated in washington as much as it was in kremlin . 
  could you provide source please ? 
  not sure why people think anyone controls trump . 
  he 's not some inexperienced chap , he 's in control of multi billion empire he inherited and grew considerably . 
  population is not only variable , there 's a lot of traffic from people in transit i think . 
  [ just get your numbers straight please . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_war ), 
  now is 150000 ? 
  you add 10k for each passing year ? 
  why are you bringing up single isolated incident in a post celebrating liberation from great evil nazi germany was ? 
  could you provide source for that ? 
  also , you could read other people 's posts when they reply - not just continue your own . 
  thanks for your reply . 
  it 's good to know situation in neighbourhood was n't so grim after all . 
  too bad hungary never seen serbia as a friend . 
  needlesly ? 
  it was that or germany would take and exterminate all of them . 
  as they had plans with certain populations . 
  soviet union , as bad as it was , never went to exterminate anyone - not even germans after they won . 
  maybe if you fought the nazis it would be better . 
  if you ask me , you deserved it . 
  nazi collaborators and murderers . 
  that says a lot about you . 
  you do n't seem to grasp how many soviets died in ww2 . 
  victims : 72 women and 50 men yugoslavia 's victims from nazis : 18 % of population . 
  ussr victims from nazis : 60 % of male population born after 1920 . 
  seems like the time came we stop celebrating fall of nazi germany ? 
  at least according to people from this thread . 
  what they leak is the truth , so why looking at it 's teeth ? 
  you wrongly accused me of multiple things , while you provided wrong data . 
  i wo n't talk to people like you . 
  fuck off you hateful cunt . 
  i admit it 's very difficult situation and i hope it wo n't escalate further . 
  as we can see on many examples , solving these kinds of issues with aks does n't lead to prosperous country . 
  as for solution , i guess we 're in the same bucket - i do n't really have a clue . 
  we only can hope for the best . 
  edit : thanks for your reply , 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  it 's spoken by 25 % of population . 
  of course not , though kosovo had much larger albanian population than macedonia has . 
  kosovo was a fuck up by serbia , albanians should 've got their own university ( or language support ) as they comprised most of the population . 
  but in case of macedonia , i think albanians got ` wind in their back ' because of kosovo , and are starting to use the advantage they think they have from their western partners . 
  do you think albanian request for second official language is a fair request ? 
  do orthodox macedonians feel closer to serbia or bulgaria ? 
  or it is a region/district thing maybe ? 
  there are a lot of macedonians in belgrade i know , and they say most macedonians feel very close to serbia - but on reddit i got under impression macedonians feel closer to bulgarians . 
  i would love if you can provide some insight , thanks !, 
  albanian party blocked creation of government by asking too much - to make albanian second official language ( they comprise 25 % of macedonian population ) . 
  eu values my ass , both merkel and mogerini came to serbia to praise vucic ( who 's a pretty much a dictator ) right before elections . 
  if it suits them they 'll throw their ` values ' down the drain . 
  then we have conflicting [ maps ] ( https://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/historical/balkan_dialects_1914.jpg ) . 
  as you see , that whole region was serbian speaking territory . 
  as for macedonian nation , they 're a mix of serbians and bulgarians . 
  before vuk karadzic 's language reform , serbian language was very similar to bulgarian - thus macedonians have a language closer to modern bulgarian , while in fact it is a mix of bulgarian and pre-reform serbian . 
  serbia never made advances towards romania , at least to my knowledge . 
  nor did romania towards us . 
  as for bulgaria , we never had large bulgarian minorities in serbia . 
  do you think bulgarian advance toward serbia in ww1 was justified ? 
  as for the west side of serbia , you do n't seem to understand how many serbs lived in modern day croatia and bosnia . 
  it would be better if you guys just killed us all right ? 
  respect and pogrom are two very different things , but oh well , let 's not swim against the tide . 
  have you given a constructive suggestion once in your life ? 
  oh , i wish so much for a feature to hide specific user comments . 
  if i read one more of yours i 'll die of brain hemorrhage . 
  guy 's having a third heart attack and have n't even noticed it . 
  in theory , while we saw what happened in practice - even after referendum .
