fair enough - though uk was all-in on that matter . 
  there was no proof previous time , and there 's no proof this time either . 
  but proper evidence is n't required for a bomb strike ? 
  i nearly puked reading your comment history . 
  that 's some weak ass thinking son , you sound like a clickbait title . 
  angela merkel actually helped his campaign by meeting him before elections to give him a huge praise . 
  there is a world outside of black and white . 
  eu will just harvest most educated people from ukraine . 
  expect at least 50k people with higher education leaving the country per year . 
  with that in mind , ukraine will never get rebuilt . 
  it 's not unique to you , that is the faith of whole balkans . 
  sta sam to tacno lupio ? 
  i suppose that would be one way of doing it . 
  situation is really depressing right now , we have vocal minority deciding our fate . 
  there should be some changes - one nice change would be mandatory voting . 
  he 's going to rule by having less than 25 % of votes of whole population , i do n't think that represents democracy very well . 
  honestly , only radulovic is a good guy in this whole charade . 
  jeremic was with tadic and we know how that went , while jankovic seems like he 's bred to power by us . 
  angela merkel met with him couple days ago with a huge praise . 
  there 's nothing beside interests in politics - he 's serving germans rather well , there 's no need for them to attack him . 
  as if brits ever felt close to anyone . 
  countries have no morals , just interests . 
  so please stop pretending they care about each other - each country should mind it 's own business . 
  debates are abolished , we have a prime minister running for president ( no he did n't resign ) . 
  and the joke is , federica mogherini and angela merkel met with a.vucic to boost his chances of winning . 
  another remainder that romania is a true friend , 
  i saw a coverage in evening news , he shook her hand multiple times . 
  this is hugely overblown - oh well , is n't this / r/europe echo chamber after all . 
  too bad for latin america , i guess they did n't deserve any better . 
  right ? 
  let 's make constantinople great again !, 
  digital channels can not be edited - and in serbia we always got channels ordered by importance . 
  is n't it strange that we got fucking cnn as first channel ? 
  i have some common sense and immediately get branded as having tinfoil hat . 
  everyone 's worrying about russian propaganda , how about we start worrying about propaganda in general . 
  russian or american it 's all the same , they 're all pushing their agendas . 
  just saying that while blinded by fear from russian propaganda , the other side created an echo-chamber without anyone noticing . 
  is it normal that i get cnn as first channel here in serbia ? 
  while there 's fear of pro-kremlin propaganda , here i am watching n1 television channel ( cnn affiliate ) on channel # 1 , while serbian state television channel in hosted on # 2 . 
  actually , putin was drown into ukrainian conflict by his strategic inability to leave port in crimea . 
  russia did n't have anything to gain from this conflict . 
  and neo-nazis can be found at ukrainian side , not russian . 
  that 's genius !, 
  i can sell my sells !, 
  maybe i can sell a sell of a sell ?!, 
  by next year i 'm going to be a millionaire . 
  i 'm not so sure about the ` cozy ' part . 
  they 're probably dead as to make sure they clean after themselves . 
  many pro-russian ukrainians and russians that fought in ukraine are killed by kremlin to prevent leaks . 
  [ monteniggers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmftnusy76c ) , 
  [ they 're all happy and friendly while skiing ] ( http://imgur.com/o6gzg9t ), 
  i guess it fits the narrative where serbs are evil and all others are saints . 
  it 's much easier to live in the black and white world . 
  if people knew who were the kosovo 's uck , they would n't be so supportive . 
  again , nothing is black and white , serbs did some horrible stuff - but here 's an example of how good the uck were - [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo#kosovo war ), 
  [ the us is an oligarchy , study concludes ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/10769041/the-us-is-an-oligarchy-study-concludes.html ), 
  [ thanks for stopping them at mojkovac ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ksvnf95vgi ) . 
  without your help , who knows what could 've happened . 
  armenian genocide was carried out during and after world war i , so they 're kind of counting the people they killed as their own casualties . 
  slapped ? 
  ` serbia ' did n't kill him , bosnian serb did - a man who would be called a terrorist . 
  i 'm sure 50 % of male population deserved to die because of him . 
  that 's probably wrong data . 
  it states : serbs and croats - it 's clearly a number for yugoslavia , not serbia alone . 
  sure . 
  do you have some guillotines for sale maybe ? 
  i dare say they would prove quite useful . 
  hmm , not sure why not ` montenegrians ' rather than ` montenegrins ' . 
  looks like anti-corruption officers climbed up the ladder which lead outside of romania . 
  have you noticed recent attacks of you program in some western media ? 
  lol , what a bunch of losers . 
  oh absolutely , and as it usually goes , we 're reporting truth about you guys too . 
  what a nice circle of life we 're living in , well , you at least . 
  it 's nice to have neighbors like yourself , i can always rely on you for fresh news about my country . 
  it was signed couple years ago , by a pro-eu government . 
  current politicians may have been right-wing , but they got elected because they changed their story to pro-eu , like many politicians do . 
  [ read through the list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo ) - you 're not so clean yourselves , are you ? 
  have to mention 2004 too , that 's not in the list . . 
  before people start calling serbia a russian puppet , can i remind you that serbia has a contract with nato that 's granting nato troops a free passage through serbia . 
  in terms of current treaties serbia has much much more signed with nato than russia . 
  the fact that serbia is talking with russia is not by any means a sign of serbia being a puppet , serbia have went all-in with eu . 
  you sound exactly like how someone less knowledgeable of serbs would describe a serb . 
  statement was about the defense of serbian minority , they wo n't have any reason to enter kosovo if serbs on kosovo are not being killed . 
  sure , i 'll get back to you with more info as soon as i get off the phone with the president . 
  he sometimes thinks he is n't , but he is . 
  he also became president only by the fact that people were so fed up with boris tadic they could 've chosen anyone . 
  current administration came to power with eu rhetoric , but now when they 're losing popularity they 're going back to their old ways of nationalism , hoping they 'll gain some points . 
  but this one is so clearly a provocation from serbia , that even their knucklehead voters with see through . 
  honestly , i 'm furious that they did this and eu countries have a reason to call serbs nationalist pricks once again . 
  fucking politicians . 
  oh absolutely , i 'll get on the phone with the president right away !, 
  please have some understanding , we have presidential elections in april and polls suggest current president is in the gutter . 
  thanks !, 
  please have some understanding , we have presidential elections in april and polls suggest current president is in the gutter . 
  thanks !, 
  un resolution on kosovo states that it 's a part of serbia , so not sure about them joining anything soon . 
   as of 1 december 2016 , the republic of kosovo has received 114 diplomatic recognitions as an independent state . 
  notably , 110 out of 193 ( 57 % ) united nations ( un ) member states , 23 out of 28 ( 82 % ) european union ( eu ) member states , 24 out of 28 ( 86 % ) nato member states , and 34 out of 57 ( 60 % ) organisation of islamic cooperation ( oic ) member states have recognised kosovo [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo ), 
   scumbag serbia  serbia got no chill . 
  kosovo is n't even recognized by the eu as a whole , 5 countries still recognize kosovo as part of serbia .
