centrum, 
  i never heard about the byzantine empire in school . 
  no the roman empire fell . 
  what the hell they lived on for around a 1000 years !, 
  yeah in the low medieval charlemange happend !, 
  the guy who build the foundation of modern european countries !, 
  why did we skip this guy . 
  well that escalated fast . 
  i literally never heard anything about belarus in the media . 
  better resuplying and communication . 
  faster reinforcement when when needed . 
  also is is getting pushed back right now . 
  so try to establish it in areas where the kurds are in power ass they would love to get a good image after the shit in turkey . 
  or assad ( yes calling him and asshole is a understatement ) because even he would not want the bulk of his people to leave . 
  who does he have to rule of there is no one to rule . 
  also the russians are more likely to offer support in assad controlled areas and beter cooperation is what we need . 
  and it would decreass the amount of money needed to support them . 
  every country offers a bit ( not gonne happen butt lets say they do ) and they would not need to buy expensive food in their own country and shelter which is more expensive in western counties . 
  also intergration does not need to spent a lot of money on because they stay in their own country . 
  we can get a lot of volenteers from left wing voters who want to help them . 
  sadly i do agree we need to invest more in defensie ( collective name of the military in the netherlands as army is the ground force ) a lot of our equipment does not work and a lot of parties want to spent even less on defensie . 
  shitty equipment , dutch hostages and no air support even though this was requested many times . 
  what else would you want them to do . 
  fight until the end . 
  get their own hostages slaughtered and every men killed . 
  this is what should have been done at the first place . 
  create large refugee zones in syria where nato troops stay and keep the area safe . 
  yeah just swining it around you will get stabbed when you do that . 
  ramming the point in the ground will get the point blunt . 
  what is this grognak the barbarian ? 
  saudi arabia is quite close and even though we often hate on them they are pretty stable right now . 
  ehhhh, 
  the biggest problem is a foreiger in the us says faster i am an american with ( country ) descent and not as in europe i am a ( country ) and i just happen to live here . 
  kaiser willy yes that does have a nice sound to it . 
  benesam who are the sam ? 
  turkey has 2,7 milion refugees . 
  and from what i can see on the internet turkey has a pretty high unemployment rate . 
  if it was that easy to give 2.7 milion refugees a job that unemployment rate would be quite a bit lower . 
  germany : great place when you want to go fast . 
  i say they come on a well deserved second place . 
  i agree that we should have 2 % on the military . 
  de jong : the young . 
  listen we are a trade country not a charity . 
  sucks that shit happens in ukraine butt we are not here to run a charity ( we do have a lot of those though ), 
  you 50 % ... way too many people are too lazy to vote in the netherlands to easily get 50 % here . 
  30 % are quite a lot of people . 
  not all . 
  i know a lot of people who just do n't give a fuck or are too lazy to vote . 
  only it will most likely be more than 30 % so voting does make sense . 
  even though i agree taxes are expensive as fuck . 
  it is not flat 50 % butt first ( i do n't know the exact numbers so i make some up ) you go through multiple stages . 
  you have 60k first stage is from 0-30k and from that amount you pay 30 % taxe . 
  than you have 30k left to be taxed . 
  second stage is from 30-50k and you pay 40 % of that amount . 
  and you have 10 left to be taxed . 
  last stage is everything above 50k where you pay 50 % taxe on so from the remaining 10 k you have to pay 5k . 
  i know it is still a lot butt less than flat 50 %, 
  of course !, 
  we all live in the glory of willy . 
  how can we not be happy . 
  well i have to be honest with you . 
  my parent were not terrorist . 
  they did not live yet during the time of the revolution . 
  if you mean the resistance fighter in occupied country 's by nazi germany . 
  yes you could call them terrorists if you were looking from nazi germany 's view point . 
  atleast that is my 2 cents feel free to correct me . 
  terrorism , in its broadest sense , is defined as the use of violence , or threatened use of violence , in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . 
  is the assassination of a specific political target not also an act of terrorism ? 
  bah not fighting with honor butt with cowardness . 
  running away instead of an epic battle . 
  female dog please !, 
  you female cats only got great because you wanted until the glorious roman empire and the persians were weakend by the clashes of their warriors . 
  was the roman empire not european ? 
  so modern day turkey also shouls be dark green right ? 
  i agree that an orange europe on equal footing could be a more dominant force in the world . 
  and i hope that one day however having to spent so much money when we ca n't even afford the give our own peopel free education it is just madness . 
  we have to pay 4 billion so other countries can develop while we ca n't do it with our own . 
  we have to save money on everything . 
  our militairy needs money ; our eldery are getting poorer and poorer and we ca n't even afford free education anymore . 
  we are supposed to invest in coutnries that while getting the profits ( money and a saying in a lot of stuff ) while not sharing the burderns like refugees . 
  and what do we get in return . 
  we throw 6 billion in butt only recieve 2 back . 
  depends , will we have to rain money down upon them or not . 
  cda is a religious party so that is a nono . 
  and i do n't like samsom . 
  and his name is aboutaleb ( plays abous intro song ), 
  wilders comes kinda close . 
  i kinda like my own . 
  you ca n't expect quality from them . 
  they are drunk . 
  i 'd say kim holland . 
  question , if you were ever in a situation like this were a bomb exploded . 
  should you move the victem or not ? 
  the same reason why i wanted scotland to succeed . 
  just curious what would happen . 
  to be fair he wanted less moroccans . 
  less is not wanting to get rid of an etnic minority . 
  just reduce the numbers . 
  does it make it nice no butt there is a difference . 
  it is kinda true though .
