  if you say those things some people will call you racist or asshole . 
  dutch, 
  yeah you guys speak a lot softer . 
  some of our trash ( criminals ) have been shot in countries outside of the netherlands . 
  aka taking out our trash . 
  not going to complain . 
  a lot of foreign criminals have been taking out our trash in their countries . 
  nah the king has a fun feast day and is good fo trade . 
  i am going to be fair . 
  i would love them back as it would be gezellig . 
  butt it is their decision . 
  i never said i was purrrfect . 
  and ofcourse we were never teached that . 
  der die das to be specific . 
  word correct random capital letter correct butt you put die where das has to be !, 
  entire word is incorrect . 
  i did not learn english from school . 
  butt from games and movies . 
  almost all of my friends learned it like that . 
  butt most drop german because the grammer is such a pain in the ass . 
  depends , are we going to throw money at them yes or no . 
  not everybody is anti-muslim . 
  if the partij van de dieren ( the political party who would most likely have submitted this request ) had the power they would ban animals as food . 
  the crown is also better at making relations because the crown does not change as often as the president . 
  that actually is what the benelux is . 
  trade agreements ( i believe ) . 
  can we join the fun . 
  do n't worry . 
  africa and asia are there to replace northern europe . 
  sorta it was more bunch of guys getting together in the summer , stealing our gold , stealing our woman and then get the fuck out of here before the army came . 
  they where more hit and run . 
  horned hats what are you an opera singer !, 
  those infidels they shall soon feel that the only true god is the one and only wodan !, 
  so why are they protesting in paris ? 
  that explains a lot . 
  if you use the dutch voice yes . 
  and it 's weird why we use the c at all . 
  most of the time it either sounds like an s or an k. 
  or scheveningen ( tip the ch = g and in ng the g is silent ), 
  or dutch . 
  yeah dutch is a great idea even belgium thinks so !, 
  wat doe yoe mien ter version of te languige is more elegant !, 
  a lot . 
  i used to be not able to predict the news . 
  be suprised by the new events . 
  now news . 
  shit ton of new refugees , protest ( either by refugees or against them ) some fuck head blew himself up again . 
  and a famous person died . 
  it 's so annoying . 
  pretty patriotic i guess . 
  i wo n't drive around with a bumper sticker butt i like my country and would not want to live somewhere else . 
  what is a german state actually ? 
  just the countries that used to be the holy roman empire or countries with germanic origens ? 
  then someone tells him about the european union which is almost the fourth reich . 
  people keep complaining that we are called holland and no the netherlands . 
  no wonder we are called holland . 
  most countries call us that . 
  some countries call us the low-country which is almost the same as we call ours neder ( low ) land ( land ), 
  nope , you just have to know . 
  only thing i found easy about french for example . 
  le male la female . 
  wait butt is an another word for donkey that is a til right here !, 
  that 's because alankomaat sound nice in the mouth . 
  nehh king beer is way better . 
  ehhh hate the language ( had to learn it in school . 
  der die das fucked me over ) butt for the rest no problems . 
  yeah dislike merkel butt hey the food is good . 
  most people do n't care it 's just for the free karma . 
  well to be onest it could be a solution . 
  pigeons are often a plague just unleash a swarm of refugees on them and boom . 
  plague gone check refugees have something to do check save money on not having to feed them check . 
  hey we are also called cheap and drug abusers . 
  so every good stereotype has a bad one . 
  spear , spears where before gunpowder the most used weapon . 
  so we just need to breed like rabbits to become very important ? 
  that seems like a shitty way to determen power of votes . 
  would the amount of money they have not be a lot better ? 
  well do n't think stuff will change . 
  there already a ton of turks here . 
  retail worker here . 
  skill ehm ... it 's a pretty brainless job . 
  and do n't forget kingsday . 
  sinterklaas is a very real holiday in the netherlands . 
  it is mostly this . 
  presents with sinterklaas and food with christmas . 
  was it not the arab-spring which caused a civil war where the population tried to overthrow their goverment which caused the refugees . 
  navy 's are also used to combat piracy which impacts companies . 
  kinda the same thing . 
  does not suprise me . 
  most turks and moroccan 's who i know do n't call themself dutch butt morrocan or turk . 
  and they often do n't have dutch nationalism butt nationalism for turkey or morocco . 
  yeah fuck you too buddy :( . 
  butt let 's be honest they really fucked it up . 
  what do you mean . 
  i am saying that they are intergrating very well !, 
  same in the netherlands . 
  people were worried that they would not intergrate . 
  well they started complaining about the food and weather in no time . 
  so why do n't we send them to australia ? 
  well tank you for saying we do n't care about illegal weapons .
