  ahhhh i knew something seemed off about it . 
  canadians weird me out . 
   how does it feel like to be stereotypized , america ? 
  :( it would n't be the first time, 
  until you find out they are really number of death stars , ready to destroy the world, 
  pfffpfpfpffffff you did n't include alaska or hawaii, 
  actually most of the people in indonesia live on that bottom middle island java, 
  i agree . 
  is the us nordic now ? 
  maybe because he 's invading ukraine and killing thousands of people, 
  yes . 
  its to make sure the bank could handle stress, 
  yeah there 's no reason for people to fear is !!!!, 
  yeah the us and maybe canada were basically the only winners of that war, 
  us won that war, 
  same but for different reasons . 
  if greece leaves the eurozone the euro will crash even more . 
  the us will have no currency to compete with us and the dollar will soar . 
  the euro is already almost 1:1 to the dollar . 
  for some things like exports and tourism it 's good . 
  for most other things its bad . 
  as a whole its not a good thing . 
  he 's the president of the us . 
  he 's probably got an envoy for ethical treatment of butterflies or venemous monkeybears, 
  everything in the world falls upon the shoulders of americans . 
  why ? 
  why should i have to act differently towards muslims than i act towards other people ? 
  why should i get banned for that when if i said the same thing to any other religion nothing would happen to me ? 
  i have said many times that christianity is evil . 
  i 've said much worse things but the minute i say something even remotely criticizing or even slightly rude towards muslims i get banned from a major subreddit . 
  it 's as if i 'm around a puppy dog where i can relax when i 'm with christians , but once i get near the muslims it 's like i 'm near an alligator that will kill me the minute i look at it funny so i have to be very careful . 
  why should i have to be scared like that ? 
  it 's a bit frightful that i have to be so cautious around muslims . 
  islam is n't a race it 's an idea, 
  what 's stupid is the politically correct redditor mods . 
  i was banned from / r/askreddit for being intolerant of islam when i saw a girl saying that her muslim husband did n't like when she wore a bathing suit in public i replied `` that 's what you get for marrying a muslim '' and was banned . 
  when in the quran it specifically states that women should n't be allowed to show their bodies unless they 're with family . 
  i messaged the mods about it and they still did nothing . 
  i hate this world where if i 'm intolerant towards sexism , i 'm banned . 
  we 'll take them . 
  we even sell citizenship to wealthy people . 
  do n't kill my dreeaaaaaams . 
  the air pocket will be small enough to not flip it !!!, 
  i want to drill a hole in the bottom of it and build a secret lair in the air pocket i create . 
  like wishing that they had their sugar industry back , for instance !, 
  it will if their other children die too, 
  then we both have differing opinions, 
  so your whole argument as to why the country georgia is more relevant is that it was created a few thousand years ago . 
  opposed to the state having more people , a much larger economy etc. . . `` what 's up with attempt to measure everything in the world with time  '' fixed that for you, 
  you think no one lived in georgia 2400 years ago ? 
  native americans do n't exist ? 
  more people would answer you , but this post is a discussion post . 
  i wonder how much the people bribed him to sign these amendments . 
  surprised by greece, 
  it 's like the poorest , and wealthiest countries in europe . 
  fuck mosquitoes . 
  if a mosquito hitler came , i would support him . 
  it 's probably not so different from india, 
  right click  translate to english, 
  just like actual police, 
  i mean the state of georgia has over twice the population as the country georgia , and the economy is 29.2 times larger than the countries economy ( 16.14 billion vs. 472.423 billion ) . 
  at this point can we just call the state `` georgia '' and the country `` the country georgia '', 
  here 's the context http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xf460/oldest_throne_room_in_europe_knossos_crete_15th/cozq243?context=3, 
  it is a good source of european news . 
  i like news from around the world . 
  also some interesting things are posted here fairly often . 
  i also enjoy politics and scandals and other things like that , in that way when i get bored of things at home its like having a second america to entertain me . 
  yeah the only times i hear about russia are on reddit and other news sources . 
  when you talk to americans they do n't even mention russia at all . 
  maybe once a month if something big happened on the news but in regular conversations no one gives a single shit about russia . 
  even if that person is an american it does n't matter . 
  we are n't ambassadors to our country , we are n't politicians . 
  we are allowed to criticize other countries actions . 
  it 's stupid , russia could be sending millions of soldiers to rape polish women and if i came on reddit to condemn it , redditors would be like `` well , technically the american troups raped german soldiers in wwii so really your opinion is n't worth anything you dumb fat american . '', 
  like thinking that just because america did something a while ago , that makes everything bad done around the world perfectly okay . 
  even if it does n't have to do with america . 
  i saw a russian explaining to a swede that america did bad things so russia should be able to do bad things to sweden and i was thinking to myself , that does n't make sense if you were talking about america yet alone god damn sweden who did n't do bad things in the first place ... 
  the whole world hates us . 
  i think it 's gotten to the point that we stopped giving a shit . 
  china beating us ... at being bad tourists ?!?!!, 
  [ my face ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/snu_snu.gif ), 
  americans are # 1 at being bad tourists . 
  suck it russia usa usa usa usa, 
  im still betting on the retarded finnish group, 
  lol all of the comments calling us pussies and weak ... 
  i 'm glad this happened , so we can see your true colors . 
  if they will have any billionaires left by then . 
  they went from 111 last year to 88 billionaires this year . 
  woooah it 's getting close to 1:1, 
  i have a question . 
  do europeans have a value menu ? 
  like here i can get a mcchicken for a dollar , cheeseburger for $ 1 , a mcdouble for about $ 1.30 , a grilled onion cheddar burger for $ 1 etc. . . 
  will they also have quotas for men in secretary , nursing , elementary school teacher , cashiers , waiting , receptionist , housekeeping , and child-care working jobs ? 
  or are they only having quotas for women ? 
  laugh , and hope if their wives and children were good people that their lives will not be made worse after all of the russian soldiers die . 
  put it on a windshield and you dont need to use windshield wipers, 
  i never say dude or buddy i say `` hey man '' instead, 
  he doobalydidalydookered the perrywocky to the scubbaludoo, 
  french have a better view of america than germans , and also have more military cooperation with us . 
  their people are more mean towards foreigners though and they do n't speak as much english .
