  * us was attacked in 2001 and then the us attacked afghanistan and unseated the taliban regime . 
  did n't kill the leader osama bin laden until 2011 . 
  * us attacked iraq which led to the death of their leader suddam hussein . 
  nonsense . 
  if i say something bad about something in your country , i never get tired of hearing about how bad my countries healthcare system is , or how unequal the income distribution is , even though it has nothing to do with what i was commenting on . 
  everyone knows that because i 'm an american everything i say is wrong because i 'm a stupid cowboy redneck . 
  yeeeeehawwww know what other jokes i love hearing ? 
  every time i say something about knowing where something is , then people reply to me with americans not knowing where anything is globally jokes . 
  they are so funny haha it never gets old after the 500th time . 
  one of these probably : rotterdam , vienna , munich , dublin , stockholm . 
  we better get something out of it . 
  i was going to defend that we americans are n't stupid , but after reading your post you 've convinced me to not disagree with you . 
  then the us could send our 3,227 + fighters to destroy russia 's, 
  us and eu should not get any closer . 
  i do n't want european values leaking into our culture . 
  that 's smaller than churches near me . 
   us army is quite shit at winning a war with a bunch of illiterate brown people wearing towels on their heads shit at winning what war ? 
  are you that stupid to not realize that there is no war going on in afghanistan ? 
  it 's random civilians deciding to blow themselves up . 
  you ca n't fight that unless you kill all of the civilians , and america is n't immoral enough to just kill everyone . 
  is this a joke that i do n't understand ? 
  how will the crimeans be able to afford that ? 
  will russia give financial support ? 
  would n't that be classified as `` less often '' than 1-2 times a week , while `` never '' means never ? 
  i think a us-russian war would have the us slowly destroy russia military ( while admittedly taking heavy losses ) until russia threatens to nuke the us , then the us threatens to nuke russia , and finally having both countries leaders speak on the phone for a few hours and deciding to have a truce . 
  after all of this , more sanctions against each other and another cold war . 
  but the americans are evil imperialists who kill brown people !!!, 
  they can never do any good !!!, 
  surprise !!!!!, 
  you 're now a russian instead of ukrainian !!!!!, 
  god those houses are so fucking ugly . 
  and really , calling those tiny things mansions ? 
  and do you feel the same way about seat belts ? 
  so basically do n't do anything in fear of retaliation . 
  lol . 
  all name calling does is undermine the catastrophes to use a different example of the nazis that people know more about then the stasi generally , say the us actually does start a genocide . 
  what will the people be able to say ? 
  that the us acts like the nazis ? 
  all the us would say is `` yeah you 've been telling us this for years '' . 
  if you compare a horrible act to something less horrible it undermines the initial act and makes it lose its meaning and value, 
  at grocery stores my grandpa used to ram my achilles with his electric wheelchair on purpose . 
  it hurt like a bitch . 
  does this count ? 
  i 've never been punched in my life . 
  looooool i dare them . 
  oh no the us economy would get a little worse . 
  i wonder what would happen to the russian economy if they did this . 
  probably a depression . 
  melted on a burger . 
  basically if you melt american cheese it becomes heavenly god-sperm . 
  unmelted though ... candle wax and period blood . 
  she works in an american studio in washington d.c. 
  i actually think rt might keep her on air so they make themselves look less biased . 
  at least i think it would be a smart move to keep her . 
  not the world police , fuck off . 
  yes , by the end of this year if the eu gdp does n't grow significantly or at least to slightly under the us growth . 
  the eu and eurozone have different growth rates by the way . 
  here is what will happen if things stay the same . 
  the eu growth rate was [ 0.1 % in 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-26185159 ) the us economy has n't made its revisions of q4 gdp growth yet , but currently q1 is 1.1 % growth , q2 is 2.5 % growth , q3 is 4.1 % growth , and q4 is 3.2 % growth . 
  so that 's 2.72 % growth for 2013 averaged . 
  now take the eu and us economy size by the two closest measures of the imf and the world bank http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) eu gdp was rounded off at 16.7 trillion dollars in 2012 , and the us economy is 16.2 trillion dollars in 2012 . 
  at 0.1 % growth rate , 16.7 trillion dollars is 16.716 trillion at 2.72 % growth , 16.2 trillion is 16.640 trillion so within the end of this year the us economy will pass the eu also forgot us economic growth rate source : https://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/glance.htm and my bad i accidentally posted this twice . 
  the first time said there was an error . 
  i deleted it though . 
  if your population all lives in one city it would be easier to have a larger percentage . 
  like i live in ohio and if i wanted to protest in nyc i could n't . 
  it would be a really long drive . 
  if you say `` per head '' it makes your phrase : `` it has a population of just 1.3 million '' useless . 
  i think he 's referring to : prior to 1951 , the official handbook stated that each color corresponded to a particular continent : blue for europe , yellow for asia , black for africa , green for australia and oceania and red for the americas ; this was removed because there was no evidence that coubertin had intended it ( the quote above was probably an afterthought ) . 
  not the best subreddit to receive unbiased answers . 
  do you have a source for us state gdp per capita with purchasing power parity ? 
  i havent been able to find recent statistics on ppp, 
  actually that map shows almost half of the us population . 
  gdp per capita in the us is very similar between states . 
  at least more similar than europe . 
  example : http://i.imgur.com/lxpdj7b.png it is lower though but that 's because the map shows metropolitan areas and large cities contribute more to gdp . 
  yes , your post shows the us importing more than exporting to the eu . 
  that 's funny because the us does n't rely on the eu for exports as much as the eu relies on the us . 
  on top of that stopping trade with a 16 trillion dollar economy , it would be hilarious to watch what happens . 
  thanks for the information , i 'm sure your opinion is held in very high regard in the political and economic community . 
  the us unemployment rate is 6.6 % this is compared to 28 % in greece . 
  6.6 % is not propaganda , but if you want the unemployment rate counting old people and young people who do n't have jobs and are not searching for jobs , i believe as of last month that number was 14.5 %, 
  now give us a second statue of liberty . 
  i 've never seen anyone do that in my life . 
  looooool you will need more than just a degree . 
  just letting people know . 
  this does n't mean the uk had 1.8 % growth in the first 3 quarters . 
  to get the gdp you take the 4 quarters growth , add them together , and divide by 4 . 
  so since only 3 months of data is ready , so far the uk had 0.6 % gdp growth . 
  if q4 growth is under 0.6 , the gdp growth for 2013 will be less than 0.6 % and if its over 0.6 the growth will also be over 0.6 for the year . 
  it 's the same for every country . 
  for instance the us just had 4.1 % gdp growth in q3 of 2013 but the 2013 estimate is around 2 %, 
  would be pretty cool . 
  i could fly to london whenever i wanted , and they could fly down to florida , hawaii , or california for a warmer winter vacation . 
  i think russians . 
  if you do n't want your dog to poop in the house you swat it on the nose and put it outside . 
  adding sanctions makes it harder for nks leaders to get luxury goods which is a swat on the nose for testing nukes . 
  i agree with this poll and think europeans should boycott visiting the us because of the heavy atrocities happening here which includes genocide of arabs in the middle east . 
  yes the us will take your information . 
  do not come here .
