  then watch it like normal , why do you have to binge watch it ? 
  people will say yes but once they realize their country is no longer a country they 'll say no . 
  eurovision will eventually become a contest of gay retarded midget transvestites all competing for the most sympathy votes, 
  you 're wrong , but i wo n't explain why to you in this subreddit . 
  you thinking that i have the iq of a chicken just because i do n't like some types of people shows that in reality you have an iq much lower than a chicken . 
  maybe come to my city and live with the type of people i live with before you open your disgusting mouth . 
  yes i do n't like some types of people . 
  why do you keep pointing out my previous posts ? 
  you think i do n't know who i do and do n't like and need to remind me ? 
  and lol you think i should be banned because of who i do and do n't like . 
  maybe its because i dont break the rules of this sub . 
  honestly you should be the one banned because you do n't add anything of value to the conversation . 
  just today i saw like 100 posts about roma 's being criminals who all rob people and they are n't citizens etc. . . 
  they were all upvoted . 
  i did n't mention anything at all about black people on this sub and you idiots go in my post history and bring it up . 
  how about go bother those people who break the rules of this sub and stop bothering me with your idiotic comments . 
  i do n't see how that has anything to do with my post . 
  just because i dont like some people somehow makes me not able to understand what the news shows ? 
  they have , this is a repost . 
  i saw it before but i do n't remember which subreddit . 
  us basically every post here saying roma are criminals is upvoted, 
  how come its ok and upvoted when a european says roma are all thieving criminals , but when an american says that about a black person he 's labeled disgusting racist and down voted to hell ? 
  because context doesnt matter at all, 
   he us has among the highest living standards in the world , is among the most developed nations in the world and among the most socially progressed . 
  but usa doesnt have universal healthcare its 3rd world country, 
  every time anything bad in the world is mentioned , someone says but the usa , but the usaaaaaaaaaa did something like that 30 years ago so therefore i am right and killing people is okay . 
  `` russia invading ukraine is a bad thing '' but usa invaded iraq and afghanistan after it was attacked !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  invading is okay `` china should n't be making artificial islands in the south china sea '' but how do you think usa was invented ? 
  by taking lands from natives `` north korea is an example of why police states are bad '' but usa is a police state look at their police imprison blacks it 's like their go-to to justify anything in the world they like . 
  i feel like you 're making this a big deal . 
  being a moderator is n't anything special , who gives a fuck who is a moderator as long as they do their job . 
  you 're acting like politicians or some shit i mean it has so little importance that you do n't even get paid for it . 
  i do n'tfeel bad it 's probably just a bunch of future kim jong un 's, 
  meanwhile i do n't see europeans getting angry that black americans want to be called african american, 
  usa saved football . 
  now you must call it soccer out of appreciation . 
  turkish people are no longer allowed to visit the vatican !!!, 
  all 4 of them are not allowed to go back !, 
  seems it gives the land to the aggressor in the conflict each time . 
  seems you bought into the propaganda . 
  have you ever not been able to do something because of a strike before ? 
  that concept seems so weird to me , like a business that 's open not being open . 
  because of a strike . 
  i 've never seen it before . 
  would you be safe there if you wore w jewish cap, 
  a no go zone ? 
  that would have just caused a giant war that was n't so cold, 
  yeah he also did n't mention the war in ukraine . 
  your queues will be like 10 minutes now if you 're treated the same as me . 
  i 've flown maybe about 20 or so times in the last few years . 
  wow that sucks . 
  let me tell you once you 're in america if you 're an american its not so bad . 
  usually about a 5 or 10 minute line then you take off your shoes and anything metal like a belt and stand in a box and hold your arms up for 5 seconds then you 're done . 
  i 've never had to really wait in a huge line before in my life . 
  so if you have multiple stops now i 'm the us it will be much better . 
  we do give mexican immigrants citizenshio . 
  even the illegal ones , we gave citizenship to young illegal mexicans . 
  and i was joking to show how ridiculous this guy was for saying israel is an apartheid state but obviously europeans are overly sensitive butthurt people . 
  they already do that with drones . 
  except not that far , they 're usually in a safer close country . 
  i think your flair is bugged . 
  you said you 're french yet only the middle part of your flag is the right color . 
  at least they 're smart enough to know when to give up instead of losing every time . 
  unlike some countries ... 
  the eu is an apartheid union . 
  you disgusting people treat roma like animals and do n't even give them citizenship . 
  this makes them unable to raise their social status . 
  you also all claim they 're all criminals and are racist towards them . 
  shame on apartheid eu and shame on you for being in this disgusting union . 
  funny thing is here in the us , the far right loves jews and the left is more neutral . 
  i personally do n't see why anyone would dislike them . 
  they act fine and have decent money and social status they 're like any other white people . 
  i think there are other groups that deserve to be hated much more than jews do , who actually commit way more crimes and murders . 
  do you think the personal experience of one person for one day in a city is good enough to base your thoughts on that cities reality ? 
  am i joking ? 
  none of that articles points had anything at all to do with my post . 
  makes me realize how inefficient high speed rail would be in the us . 
  this area is just the area that you could get to in under a day and its smaller than like 1/6th of the us . 
  why would i love all women ? 
  i 'm talking about overall not any individual person . 
  i recognize how the world works and what women want . 
  it does n't change the fact that i 'd fall in love with a woman and comply with her needs, 
  i always thought the government should be in charge of population growth . 
  set up a system to raise kids to help them grow up to be the best and brightest . 
  have jobs where people teach many children at a time on how to do things growing up and i bet it would be better than how normal people raise their children . 
  the only problem is family , its nice to have family . 
  maybe require each child to have a certain number of brothers and sisters so they do n't feel alone after they graduate . 
  it 's not sarcastic when you regularly shit on one race . 
  that 's like a kkk member saying `` kill all blacks '' and then some idiot like you coming along saying `` that 's not racist he was being sarcastic '', 
  because they elect people who promote genocide . 
  seriously , would this be okay for any other race ? 
  why are you making an exception . 
  i 'm a white man and this lady is literally wanting to kill me and promoting genocide of my people . 
  you think that should be allowed ? 
  they still allow the students union to run when they select people who promote genocide ? 
  i 'm sure they take in many donations though . 
  hopefully it drops . 
  it tells you just as much about goldsmiths university as it does about her . 
  if i was an investor i would pull all of my money away from this place and put it in their competition as soon as i possibly could . 
  i 'm just not into cheesy movies .
