  no they faked it and used a white girl so it would go viral . 
  wow 5.8 % ddecrease in exports is crazy . 
  wonder why though , europe has n't been doing particularly worse lately than other times when germany 's exports wrr higher . 
  wow the uk is worse than russia in all 4 measures . 
  ronald reagan, 
  lowest i could find in north dakota was williams county with 0.8 % unemployment . 
  did n't feel like checking every state though . 
  i also ca n't find any list of cities which sucks , only can find metropolitan areas . 
  yeah 7.55 % population growth rate http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_population_growth_rate, 
  here north dakota has 2.8 % unemployment : http://www.bls.gov/web/laus/laumstrk.htm, 
  if the ransom is paid with bombs . 
  let the peoples know that their teeth 's need to be cleaned . 
  are you getting your hairs cut tomorrow ? 
  what about mow the grass 's ? 
  i 'd help you but i have to take my cat to have her furs trimmed . 
  the price of gasoline has shot down here too . 
  used to cost me like $ 40 about a year ago to fill up my chevy 's tank , now its $ 30 . 
  hope the dollar keeps getting stronger and hope oil prices keep dropping especially if both of these things also hurt russia, 
  another addition to my resum\u00e9, 
  how come latvia and lithuania are into basketball so much ? 
  i agree , its funny these people only blame europe for the bad things in africa and completely ignore the good things . 
  they would still be living in grass huts if not for europe . 
   so money  human life . 
  pretty much, 
  keep riding the american hq train , baby, 
  you 're welcome . 
  do n't think fifa announced it , it was just that one guy so his words are n't in print . 
  got a freedom boner . 
  lol i used to love wrestling when i was little . 
  i remember watching old cage fights on my vhs tapes they had one guy jump from the top onto tacs and his wholy body was bleeding and he hit some guy with a chair . 
  good times as a little kid have been had watching wrestling . 
  if you are forced to keep your citizens in your country so they do n't see the outside world and want to leave then you 're doing something wrong . 
  maybe it would be easier to give the gays more rights than cancel programs, 
  calm down bruh, 
  glad to see our younger people are actually the second most progressive compared to you guys . 
  the ideological gap between the elderly and younger generations in the us is huge . 
  it gives me hope that we at least have one thing going for us , and that is the old people are going to die soon and we will become very progressive . 
  i know you guys think maybe i 'm bullshitting but seriously if you talk to old people here in the us they are fucking insane . 
  very few will have anything nice to say about atheists , people from other countries , or whatever . 
  their minds were brainwashed during the cold war and you can tell . 
  i was lucky enough to be born in 1993 right after the fall of the soviet union so i think my generation will hopefully make this country much better than our predecessors have . 
  with all of this new stuff happening with russia invading ukraine though it makes me worry we will go full circle and back to the bullshit again . 
  maybe kazakhstan gave them a giant bribe so they have to find a way to make norway say no without looking suspicious . 
  i found the secret weapon how to defeat russia . 
  must suck having another government telling your country how they 're allowed to spend their money . 
  well estonia 's gdp is only 24 billion dollars . 
  compare that to the uk at like 2.8 trillion , and the us at 17 trillion dollars . 
  estonia 's economy is so tiny i do n't think they could even afford a tunnel i mean sure finland could help too but i think estonia has more to gain so do n't know if finland would . 
  anyways finland 's gdp is still only 250 billion so both countries together that 's like 274 billion . 
  compare that to france and the uk together and that 's over 5 trillion . 
  hollande put out the most, 
  [ we all know who bieber likes more . 
  ] ( http://imabeautygeek.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/justin-bieber-and-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper_justin-bieber-and-us-president-barack-obama.jpg ), 
  do n't listen to these ridiculous people . 
  people here burp sometimes and will say `` excuse me '' or something if they do . 
  and people do n't fart in public , they hold in their farts until they 're alone and then fart . 
  all bets are off if you 're with friends though , then you point your fart in their direction and laugh . 
  it 's almost as if we 're human . 
  yes russia you can have it . 
  just send all of your leaders to fort ross . 
  make sure to pack up the building as tightly as possible , we do n't wany any room wasted when we shoot a rocke - i mean when we give the fort back to you . 
  depends where you are . 
  countries like israel , oman , and uae all spend more as a % of gdp on their military , and also all have universal healthcare . 
  us gdp per capita is also like 40 % higher than israel and uae and double oman . 
  we 'd easily be able to afford it and also pay our military the same each year . 
  i disagree . 
  mass murderers should not have statues in the middle of your city . 
  that 's basically praising their actions . 
  russia could be invading poland and raping all of their women and merkel would be like `` hmm maybe we should cut out oil imports from russia . 
  just by 10 % though , do n't want that hurting our economy . '', 
  weather : if you come to the midwest like chicago , minneapolis , or columbus come in the fall . 
  it gets warm and humid here in the summer , winters are too cold , and spring gives me allergies . 
  i prefer fall also because the mosquitoes do n't come back until spring . 
  in the north east like boston , philadelphia , or new york come in the spring or fall . 
  in the south like atlanta , miami , or houston come in the winter or summer . 
  it will be t-shirt weather in the winter so you can call your relatives and laugh at them for being cold . 
  in the summer beaches are awesome for cooling you down and having fun . 
  in the west coast like los angeles , san fransisco , or portland come in the summer or winter . 
  summer for beaches , winter to escape the cold . 
  no beaches in portland though . 
  spring and fall are also nice there , seriously the california coasts have the best weather in the world no contest . 
  in the desert cities like phoenix , or las vegas come any time but summer . 
  do not enter these cities in the summer , just do n't do it ... events : on new years go to new york city . 
  it will be cold so bring appropriate clothes . 
  times square is our biggest new years gathering . 
  come on christmas if you want to see crazy christmas spirit . 
  we have houses in my neighborhood with literally hundreds of front hard blow up characters like snow men or reindeer . 
  decorations everywhere makes it really fun driving around and looking at people 's houses . 
  halloween is another one where you see lots of decorations . 
  what 's also fun during this time is going to halloween parties where you sometimes dress up as whatever you want . 
  then also go in my favorite things in the world : haunted houses . 
  my god they 're so fun to go in and scare yourself to death . 
  spring break : go to basically any beach and there will be drugs , booze , and sex . 
  if you want to be at a giant party just google where to go and find a nice place . 
  i have no idea as i 'm not the party type but i have some friends who are . 
  how are people in cyprus able to afford that ? 
  how many websites do you have to do that for ? 
  well if you kill the president , then the speaker of the house , then the president pro tempore of the senate , then the secretary of state , then the secretary of the treasury , then the secretary of defense , then the attorney general , then the secretary of the interior , then the secretary of agriculture , then the secretary of commerce , then the secretary of labor , then the secretary of health and human services , then the secretary of housing and urban development , then the secretary of transportation , then the secretary of energy , then the secretary of education , then the secretary of veterans affairs , then the secretary of homeland security i think we would n't have a president any more . 
  but then i 'm sure each of these positions have their own individual line of successions , so if you go to each of them and kill everyone in their line of successions too then we would n't have anyone to be president . 
  also our secretary of the interior sally jewell could n't become president because she was born in london , so it would be smarter to leave her alive to block her position completely , but in that case i 'm sure she 'd step down and have someone else take the president position .
