  for example my grandpa would probably be even more opposed to something the `` european faggots with their hairy legged/armpit women who do n't bathe '' try to push on us . 
  that 's not biased at all . 
  more like the whole map is just `` dirty communists '', 
  always surprises me how small houses are in europe , and how so many people live in tiny little apartments . 
  here apartments are mostly for poor people and college students . 
  many women drive more macho than men, 
  i was joking, 
  basically you have to have a car in every city in the us besides nyc or maybe san francisco . 
  the cities here are very sparsely populated for example : http://i.imgur.com/uzspa9v.jpg, 
  can confirm . 
  3 people in my family , and we have 3 cars . 
  i 'd say just about everyone has a car the only people bringing the numbers down are kids and old people . 
  do n't count them and we probably have like 1500 cars per 1000, 
  as an ohioan , we 've already started !!!, 
  yeaaaaah fuck europe 's airrrrrr, 
  us is 797 in your face iceland !!, 
  here near cincinnati ohio ( 2 million people in the metro area , 108 billion gdp or about the same size economy as hungary ) it used to be $ 300 a month for 100mbps . 
  that was for a few years up until recently they just lowered it to to $ 85 a month though , and are introducing gigabit speeds which i 'm guessing will replace that $ 300 price tag that the 100mbps used to have . 
  hopefully not though . 
  anyways at least prices here are dropping so i 'll take any good news i can get . 
  i wish the us flag was n't so weird . 
  closest i could find : [ here ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/07/31/article-2180947-144c31a7000005dc-200_634x618.jpg ), 
  no one tell this to our republicans . 
  we would switch to online voting so fast it would be working before our 2016 elections . 
   you know there 's a middle ground between `` rusty remains of old glory '' and `` superior russia '' right ? 
  you do n't have to turn everything into a dick-mesuring contest . 
  name one major scientific feat that the russian space program has done that could n't be done 10 years ago . 
   fuck i 've been discovered . 
  time to give a call to master putin so i can continue to spread communism into the gentle and free hearts of americans and europeans . 
  and to quote you : `` you know there 's a middle ground between '' spreading an agenda , and giving a call to master putin . 
  do n't be a hypocrite . 
  hahaaaa what they do n't understand is if a guy chooses the one on the left , it increases my chance of getting the girl on the right !!, 
  nasa has a robot on mars shooting laser beams at rocks , with a built in chem lab , thats powered by a nuclear generator . 
  we sent people into space half a decade ago . 
  i believe his rusty remains statement to be true . 
  just because nasa decided to stop sending people into space doesnt all of a sudden make russia superior . 
  youre basing lies on half truths to spread your agenda . 
  second recession . 
  first was 2008/2009 , second was 2011 in most of europe . 
  you other finns ca n't deny . 
  how to win eurovision next year : * get russia to invade another country * be a manly man * get breast implants * be in the top 10 singers at your local karaoke bar, 
  `` public debt is the most relevant data for discussions of government default and debt ceilings . 
  it is different from external debt , which instead reflects the foreign currency liabilities of both the private and public sector . '', 
  oh when has the us not been able to pay its debt ? 
  do tell . 
  my guess is because its cheap as hell , on a beach , in the eu , and in a warmer climate . 
  a great recipe for vacation, 
  works for me still . 
  here are the full lists : [ academic ranking of world universities ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/arwu2013.html ) [ qs world university rankings ] ( http://www.topuniversities.com/university-rankings/world-university-rankings/2013#sorting=rank+region=+country=+faculty=+stars=false+search= ) [ the times higher education world university rankings ] ( http://www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/world-university-rankings/2013-14/world-ranking ), 
  i doubt the webcam modeling industry would be large enough to increase investment in romanian internet infrastructure . 
  it 's more likely the other way around . 
   it 's not all bad news . 
  with about half of russia 's budget revenue coming from oil and natural gas sales , the biggest beneficiary of the currency 's slide is the government . 
  hmm i wonder ... 
  never know when the canadians are going to come riding on their moose armies to invade the us !, 
  or try to start exporting to their other neighb ... 
  wait a minute . 
  i wish you would so you guys can stop fucking talking about us . 
  got 100 % corina cre\u021bu from romania . 
  pretty cool website . 
  ah cool thanks . 
  and yeah i mentioned amarillo because it 's the only city i 've been to in texas when we drove through it haha . 
  there was actually snow on the ground so my only impression of texas is cold and snowy so it kind of confused me lol, 
  is it better in dallas or austin ? 
  or i wonder what city there has the best weather . 
  out of like el paso , dallas , austin , san antonio , amarillo , and houston, 
  you want mandatory law school ? 
  so basically everyone in the country can only focus on law and nothing else . 
  he thinks texas will be mordor ? 
  try moving to mississippi instead and truly see the hate he gets . 
  then why havent countries like spain , germany , italy , or france been exporting culture a lot when they all have large economies and populations ? 
  the uk on the other hand has had huge success with movies like gravity and james bond , or shows like doctor who , top gear , and the office . 
  would you still say that it 's not because these countries speak english that stereotypes spread ? 
  or is it just coincidence that both of these countries spread culture and both just happen to speak english ? 
  i feel bitter that everyone learned english . 
  now iforeigners watch american tv , movies , read online about us or whatever and they get huge stereotypes about americans . 
  i always hear them saying wow americans are nothing like i thought they would be when i see a foreigner visit here . 
  just imagine if everyone in the world knew everything about your country and then expects you to know everything about theirs because they know about yours . 
  so many criticisms , so much hate , so many stereotypes . 
  it gets very tiring talking to people online or even in real life who are n't american . 
  anyways i went on a rant . 
  i wish more people spoke a different language like russian or something as a `` world '' language . 
  and hey who knows , maybe with the success of china , mandarin will replace english as the world language one day and people can stop focusing on us . 
  damnit we 're beat by germany and austria !!, 
  ah makes sense . 
  so it counts say all of the uk 's exports to germany , and all of germany 's exports to the uk . 
  so say that 's 100 billion euro of exports , none of those goods actually were exported from the eu ? 
  i have 2 dogs and a cat . 
  black lab , half golden retriever half golden lab , and a grayish cat that is from the pound that we have no clue what she is . 
  in the us since 2000 nonreligion has grown almost 1 % a year from 10 % to now around 20 %, 
  oh yeah i 'm sure the poor kid went into the strangers garage to grab their purse and return it to them . 
  ahahaa did the kid deserve to die because he stole a purse ? 
  should the man go to prison for premeditated murder ? 
  yes . 
  do i feel sorry for the kid ? 
  i was just saying your comparison were a little off . 
  i do n't see what china or india has to do with that . 
  sounds like you did n't read anything after you saw that , which i gave an alternative if you do n't want to count a country as small as luxembourg and gave an alternative of denmark . 
  your comparisons are a little off . 
  the us states are n't as unequal in terms of employment as eu countries are .
