  51st and 52nd *, 
  shiiiit i 'd gladly do that for my government . 
  ey , uncle sam . 
  where 's my compensation for every time i told westernpropaganda he was stupid ?!?!, 
  here guys are too scared to do that stuff . 
  elementary schools are lacking male teachers because men are scared of accusations of child molestation . 
  12 attempts . 
  fuck all of those motherfucking stans , fuck brunei , and fuuuuuuck azerbaijan . 
  lol verge of financial collapse ? 
  and france borders suriname !, 
  after i graduated high school i only knew a few countries like the us , canada , australia , and mexico . 
  since then i 've taught myself where just about every country in the world is besides a few smaller ones . 
  i do n't think i 've magically became smarter the past few years . 
  i just learned in a way that was n't boring by going around google earth and finding other interesting ways to see countries around the world . 
  how 's that funny ? 
  the us has 6 states with under a million people . 
  germany only has 1 . 
  well some states have very low populations compared to ukraine . 
  for instance south carolina has about the same gdp as ukraine , but there are only 4.7 million people there . 
  that 's compared to ukraines 45 million people . 
  also some states have much larger economies than ukraine like california with a gdp of $ 2,000,000,000,000 ( 2 trillion ) and only 38 million people . 
  this puts californias economy size per person at $ 52,631 gdp per capita , while ukraine has $ 3,866 per capita . 
  but 27 states with a larger economy size ( gdp , or gsp ) than ukraine . 
  you 've never heard of the vast ukrainian ocean ? 
  lol that 's [ romaine lettuce ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romaine_lettuce ) . 
  it 's the kind i always buy !!!!!, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  more canadians can point to the us on a map than they can canada . 
  no offense , but i do n't think we 'd want you . 
  what 's she going to do ? 
  stop buying russian gas ? 
  i have no idea what snowden or obamas nobel prize has to do with our media having free speech . 
  i 've heard a bunch of times that snowden should n't be tried for treason on msnbc . 
  i 've also heard obama should n't have gotten the nobel prize many times on fox news ... 
  if putin got the nobel prize is there media there that would oppose it ? 
  any russian media at all ? 
  look at russian media and they only have one type . 
  come to america and watch msnbc , then fox news and you will see two completely different opinions on everything . 
  here we are n't forced to watch something that changes our opinion , we watch biased news that agrees with the opinions we already had . 
  turn on fox and there will be someone saying gay marriage should be illegal , the death penalty is good , muslims are taking over america , christianity is under attack , there is a war on christmas , climate change does n't exist etc. . . 
  but turn on msnbc they will say gay marriage should be legal , the death penalty should be gotten rid of , and something should be done about climate change . 
  but i do disagree with what people here say about america having media that is n't free speech . 
  we do n't ban media here , i can listen to fucking hitler media if i wanted to and there was a market for it . 
  calm down , buddy . 
  yeah it makes me wonder what would happen if russia refuses to let us piggyback on their shuttles . 
  maybe we can make our own again now . 
  i think it should be up to the entire countries vote , not just that regions . 
  if everyone agrees with it then it should be fine . 
  what 's to stop someone from declaring their house its own country , or hundreds of cities in a country who all want to be independent ? 
  what about war if 2 sides of a country already hate each of her once they split it could cause huge tensions . 
  what 's to stop them from becoming tax havens ? 
  what if a country is dependent on resources under the region that wants to secede and is now has no water supply , or maybe not having resources cuts their gdp in half and puts them in a huge depression now that they ca n't mine these rare earths or extract oil . 
  these decisions do n't only affect the people who secede , it affects everyone so everyone should have to vote for it . 
  i do n't know about the eu but i 'll give a us example for perspective to compare other answers . 
  t-mobile has a $ 30 unlimited 2g data , 5gb 3g data , unlimited text messages , only 100 minutes service . 
  its prepaid and lasts a month each time you renew it . 
  no contract at all . 
  also the micro sim was $ 10 from tmobiles website . 
  but also keep in mind food is cheaper , gas is half the price , taxes are lower , housing is way cheaper , and the unemployment rate is lower in the us . 
  its not as bad as you think being poor here . 
  and i know someone will mention healthcare . 
  we do give medicaid to poor people , and with obamacare they also get huge healthcare subsidies . 
  there are also food stamps to help them pay for food . 
  it probably is better in europe but i 'm just saying its not as much as people make it out to be . 
  wow it will go from no minimum wage at all to the 5th highest in the world . 
  i wonder if this will do anything to their unemployment rate . 
  maybe not because i heard they have lots of unions , but do low paying jobs there have unions ? 
  do any germans here know how much the average fast food worker , pizza delivery guy , or any other low paying job gets paid on average ? 
  thanks mr putin !!, 
  when i used to come to / r/europe i would be down voted for everything i said because i was a stupid american . 
  now the europeans like us again !!!!!, 
  but how long after this dies down will europeans go back to hating amerikkka ussa :(, 
  iiiiim a damn commie now !!??!, 
  bllllaaaarrrhgggggggg this healthcare socialism is sucking the freedom from my veeeeeeins, 
  why not do it yourself ? 
   this ca n't be accurate . 
  it 's literally photos taken by nasa . 
  lol . 
  that 's probably a combination of brush fire , and people mining or drilling . 
  same with the us if you look at north dakota it looks like there 's a giant city 4 times bigger than los angeles , but that 's just people drilling for oil . 
  also look at the coasts of south korea and china . 
  all fishing boats . 
  here 's one of the entire earth at night : http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/712130main_8246931247_e60f3c09fb_o.jpg, 
   the russian finance minister estimated sanctions will cost the russian economy $ 100 billion in capital flight per year ( if they 're all implemented ) . 
  that is 20 % of russia 's gdp per year . 
  actually it 's 5 %, 
  are you saying these `` stereotypes '' are stereotypical ?!?!, 
  my god ... you 're a genius !, 
  i was thinking they could have drawn the line to cut through the middle of spain and over portugal so southern spain and portugal would both be in the poor side . 
  whoever made this did an amazing job . 
  i did it based on where i grew up and it guessed it perfectly , then i did it again based on how people talk where i live now , and again it guessed perfectly . 
  * economy close to a quarter of the entire worlds combined . 
  * military budget as large as the rest of the worlds put together . 
  * major source of entertainment including hollywood films , tv shows , jazz , blues , rock , and rap . 
  * constitution remains unchanged in form since it was drafted in 1787 . 
  * diverse population , or `` melting pot '' which is celebrated as a core element of the american ideology . 
  * civil right act came in 1964 , but race is still an issue . 
  in november 2008 barack obama became the countries first black president , marking a defining moment in the countries history of race relations . 
  * killed all of the natives , then replaced them with european settlers , african slaves , then most recently asians and mexicans . 
  * large gap between rich and poor with more than 30 million americans living below the official poverty line , of which disproportionately many are black and hispanic .
