  for example the eu has places like austria with 4.8 % unemployment , but on the other end places like greece with 27.5 % or spain with 25.6 % unemployments . 
  that 's 20 + % difference . 
  but in the us : http://i.imgur.com/tnfh6e9.png the state with the lowest unemployment rate is north dakota with 2.6 % and the highest is rhode island with 9 % that 's only a 6.4 % difference between the highest and the lowest . 
  also if you look at gdp per capita figures : [ us states ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lxpdj7b.png ) and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita the eu has bulgaria with around $ 7,000 gdp per capita as the lowest , and the highest luxembourg at $ 110,000 gdp per capita , or if you do n't want to count basically a city-state in the statistics , there 's still denmark with $ 56,000 gdp per capita . 
  that 's a difference of $ 100,000 and $ 49,000 dollars respectively . 
  but if you look at the us , the lowest is mississippi with $ 33,983 gdp per capita , and the highest is delaware with $ 71,952 . 
  now the total difference might be similar , but the highest is only little over twice as wealthy as the poorest while in the eu even if you do n't count luxembourg , denmark is still 8 times wealthier than bulgaria . 
  so this is basically a prison overcrowding map ? 
  you do n't have the same type of crimes as the us . 
  the guy could have killed you to steal something . 
  it 's not like europe , there 's big inequalities here and people will kill you for stuff so you should protect yourself . 
  ah that 's cool how they have slicers there for you . 
  so where can you buy cheap sliced bread when you do n't feel like spending money ? 
  are you talking about the cheap bread that 's presliced that you can buy in every store in america , or are you talking about bread from bakeries ? 
  because you know , you do n't have to buy the cheap stuff . 
  i think it 's to prevent one idiot from lowering the property values of all of the houses around him . 
  did n't know i was n't allowed to have my own opinions . 
  russian is beautiful coming from a woman . 
  i also like croatian . 
  worst are definitely german , and british accents, 
  i mean there 's so many different possible things that can be said . 
  if you tell someone they 're going to hell it can be bad , but if you say `` if you do that you 're going to hell '' as a joke about someone doing something bad then it 's not a bad thing . 
  or if you tell someone to `` go to hell '' it 's also seen as sort of a minor bad word , but when you say `` you 're going to hell '' it 's more of a statement than something bad but it can be seen as something sort of bad depending on the person i guess . 
  also around really small kids i think saying hell at all outside of something that has to do with religion is seen as rude . 
  like i said hell in front of my nephew and he said `` ooooooohhh you said that word '' and my sister laughed . 
  how 'd that make you cringe ? 
  my family came here when it was a single country and i 'm a mixture of lots of the areas . 
  mostly croatian and slovenian, 
  depends how you say it . 
  for instance if you say `` what the hell ? '', 
  in front of a little kid their parent might ask you to not say that . 
  but if you say `` you 're going to hell '' its not bad . 
  its sort of formed into 2 different meanings . 
  one is a minor curse word and the other is a location . 
  reminds me of bitch being a female dog and also being a curse word . 
  but that 's different because no one ever calls female dogs bitches unless they 're making a joke or something . 
  it makes sense to travel when its warm and stay in one place in the winter . 
  wow these answers are so fucking stupid . 
  if someone asked what country i 'm a citizen of i 'd say i 'm an american . 
  if they asked where my ancestors came from or what ethnicity i am i 'd say half norwegian and half yugoslavian . 
  how is this so hard to understand ? 
  yeah fuck me for not being an asshole to other people . 
  jesus , i did n't know europeans hated romanians so much until i read this thread . 
  its crazy like some nazi continent or something . 
  * kraft macaroni and cheese ( like 1 dollar for 2 meals worth of food ) * bag of potatoes ( like to chop and throw them in the oven with olive oil and season salt , taste like fucking good thick fries ) * pasta and sauce ( sauce costs more than the pasta , so i usually hardly put any sauce on it and it 's filling for cheap ) * oats ( huge tub of them for only a couple dollars . 
  throw them in a bowl with water and have healthy and cheap as fuck breakfast that 's filling ) * bean and cheese burritos ( can of refried beans is only like a dollar , then a bag of cheese and some tortillas and it 's a pretty cheap meal ), 
  wow im surprised by indianapolis and detroit , especially detroit . 
  now do the north east us vs. western europe . 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  now before spies share state secrets they just have to yell shitfucker before and after each sentence , then russia wo n't be able to save the recording !, 
  did he commit a crime though ? 
  like snowden shared state secrets with the whole world but did this russian dude do anything like that ? 
  you missed the joke . 
  he 's quoting george w. bush who messed up the saying . 
  uhhhhhhhhhh why is kentucky eating my state ( ohio ) ? 
  you do n't understand what i said . 
  it 's basically him saying he ca n't be trusted without even realizing it . 
  ah good thing russians do n't spy on their citizens then , right ? 
  * more compact cities so metro systems would be widespread , and we would n't have to rely on a car for everything . 
  i guess this would bring our house prices on european levels , so i 'd want that without your prices lol . 
  * larger safety net like scandinavia so if anything shitty happens in my life i could fall back on it and have no problems financially . 
  * our government to focus less on the drug war . 
  it would take people who would n't hurt anyone out of prison , and would also cut our prison population in half . 
  it would still be high compared to western europe , but only 3 times as high instead of 7 times as high . 
  i also think doing the second thing would reduce this even more . 
  that 's about it . 
  yeah they 're paying me 20 an hour to spread propaganda . 
  i would think this is a good idea only if dutch learning classes were provided for free . 
  otherwise you 're just getting rid of one problem by causing others . 
  what 's worse than immigrants who ca n't speak your language ? 
  immigrants with no money who ca n't speak your language and would commit crimes to get money . 
  i was talking more about the agreement when you join the eu that at some point you will use the euro, 
  oh i 'm glad you 're me so you can tell me what i 'd do . 
  when you join the eu its the same as joining the eurozone just not immediately, 
  i agree with this . 
  russians are assholes and i would gladly go to war against them if we started one . 
  nope i 'm pretty sure minorities are still americans , mr putin . 
  ( or mr fake putin according to these comments ) i also like how it says those countries suicides by changing laws to help minorities . 
  nope , i 'm pretty sure giving black people the right to vote , and not be slaves was a good thing . 
  it 's happening here in the us too . 
  you look at fox news and they are all saying how good of a leader putin is compared to obama . 
  the only thing stopping them from going beyond that is because he 's russian . 
  old people here reaaaaally hate russia . 
  british were taxing us up the ass and not representing our population in government , so we declared independence . 
  british then sent their military to get back control but we fought back , and with the help of the french , the british gave up . 
  they eventually signed a treaty with france saying they would recognize us as a country . 
  i think the us will never end unless something crazy happens that i could n't possibly predict . 
  i think the us will shrink though . 
  my guess is hawaii eventually becomes independent . 
  other than that , i think the us will be here for a very long time or at least until we 're taken over maybe in a few thousand years . 
   freedom square that name brings a tear to my eye . 
  why is this on / r/europe ? 
  ` eurica, 
  no clue , maybe so they can deploy them faster if need be ? 
  anyways , if you look at the davis-monthan air force base near tucson arizona the aircraft are more in one giant lot : https://www.google.com/maps/@32.159091,-110.8410887,4864m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en, 
  but it 's misleading in making you think they 're building up a huge military presence on their border , until you click and see it 's just a small military base . 
  to be honest it does n't really look like a military buildup , it just looks like a military base . 
  for example in fort hood texas here 's just one military base i took photos from on google earth : http://i.imgur.com/xr2medd.jpg from what i hear russia has a pretty large military , and these photos from the guardian only show a few aircraft , and vehicles . 
  and sorry for the image compression , i do n't know a website i can upload a 55mb picture to for free, 
  should france be kicked out of the eu because its in south america ?
