  even big production ones like sharknado , they 're so fucking bad it hurts to watch . 
  funny how all the cute girls in high school left the state after they graduated lol, 
  and i 'm one of the americans who knows something about europe . 
  butthurt . 
  maybe it 's time for you to take a nap . 
  we do n't not know anything about your country because we dislike you . 
  we do n't know anything about your country because we do n't care about it . 
  only georgia , and ukraine , and moldova , and baltics and ... 
  sluts are the only women who are n't whores . 
  most women will require something in return for sex be it a drink , a meal , anything that involves money or time . 
  but sluts will suck 100 guys dicks just because they want to . 
  they 're the only true non-whores . 
  also many women who have blue eyes and blonde hair also have very pale skin and look almost sickly . 
  whereas a girl who was a brunette or has black hair and then dyes her hair blonde in my opinion looks much better . 
  in every country that has women , there are beautiful women . 
  except england, 
  i do n't think it but i like to remind germans of it every time i speak with them . 
  it makes them angry and that makes me happy . 
  nazi, 
  us is the best place to live in the world if you have a decent job . 
  if you 're poor , europe is for you . 
  america is shit for the poor.i think lower middle class is also better in the us because those who make enough to not fall in a safety net have things in the us that they could n't possibly afford in europe . 
  for example in my city in ohio the average income is about the same as western/northern europe . 
  but i can go buy a house for $ 80,000 with a few bedrooms and a huge yard in the middle of the suburbs . 
  then i can go buy a car for a few thousand , buy basically any electronics for way cheaper than europe . 
  sure europe has some things that save costs like healthcare coming from taxes instead of having to buy insurance , mobile phone/internet plans being multiple times cheaper etc. . . 
  but the number of things you save money on in the us far outweighs anything in western european countries with similar wages . 
  greece should have left the euro 4 years ago . 
  they 'd be recovered from their losses by now and actually growing . 
  ttip is another thing to blame on the us when your country does poorly . 
  way in a year your unemployment goes up . 
  should you blame your politicians ? 
  nope blame the ttip . 
  it will be taker of blame from your politicians . 
  that 's why i think there 's a guarantee it goes through because once it does you can believe your politicians do no wrong , ttip causes all of your troubles . 
  i 'm not arguing with you , just asking a question . 
  how exactly does tracking harm the lives of people near it ? 
  i 've seen stories of gas getting in peoples tap water but that 's only a few people out of 320 million americans . 
  also i 've heard earthquakes but that 's only very small ones like 4.0 that you can hardly feel and do n't deal damage to anything in the area st all . 
  what else is there ? 
  and is it really worth losing all that money just for a seems like small sacrifice, 
  we can hold it in my backyard if we need to . 
  i got a pool, 
  so i was merely being insulting . 
  not racist . 
  now its racist to not be attracted to a specific race ? 
  who are you to tell me who o think is beautiful . 
  god you overly pc people are so stupid . 
  go hate on white people elsewhere . 
  blatant racist for saying russian women are beautiful . 
  you 're being the blatant racist for saying i 'm racist for thinking that . 
  this is part of the qualification, 
  to estonia . 
  you guys wanted to be scandinavian right ? 
  stop being such a fucking pussy when it comes to the real world . 
  when the us is facing a threat we need to destroy that threat . 
  anyone who smuggles illegals into the us should receive the death penalty for treason , as it directly harms the us . 
  they are enemies of our country . 
  send them all to sweden . 
  good . 
  i feel ttip will give europeans reasons to hate americans even more . 
  for many things that wo n't even be because of the us , europeans will blame on us still . 
  they 'll say oh no our unemployment went up , curse you usa !!!!, 
  and other stuff, 
  what do you mean what is that like ? 
  the it women are beautiful . 
  unlike the west where we have immigrants from countries with very ugly citizens like from africa etc. . . russians do n't have immigrants from places that produce women who are n't seen as beautiful in modern standards . 
  so they end up having millions of beautiful women . 
  this is just my personal opinion though based on my own beauty standards . 
  i 'm sure many people like types of women that i think look disgusting , and that 's fine with me . 
  edit : lol down voted for thinking russian women are beautiful . 
  / r/europe is disgustingly hateful . 
  just remove genders from the license at this point . 
  what ? 
  where do i see which country got the most points ? 
  i did n't even listen to one song and i 'd like to listen to the top few to see how they are, 
  a long time ago here in america there was a time when we had a water fountain for blacks and a water fountain for whites . 
  both water fountains worked fine and did the same thing . 
  today germany has marriage for straights and benefits for gays . 
  both do the same thing . 
  kind of ridiculous that people just vote for the country they want to win instead of the song they like the best . 
  would n't it be nice if every participant was chosen in secret and you only hear the song and vote for the best song . 
  then after all of the voting is done , they do the live performances and reveal which song goes with which country . 
  and maybe you can vote on lthese performances too but the original vote would be the one judging who actually wins . 
  russia should be scared of us . 
  we need to take siberia from them . 
  we deserve it more . 
  and what gives you the right to say that ? 
  i live in cincinnati ohio . 
  it has a 44.8 % black population . 
  how many roma do you live with ? 
  i believe i 'm more qualified to judge than you are . 
  american here so i do n't understand well . 
  why not get a car and be at work in 5 minutes ? 
  like a dwarf bragging to midgets how tall he is . 
  replace everything you say with black americans and they 'd be equally true except one would be seen as racist and your statement would be seen as just true . 
  i can imagine europeans posting that to shitamericanssay and scoffing saying how stupid and racist americans are, 
  i 've never seen a swastika graffiti in my life, 
  in my city i could buy a used car for less than a horse . 
  these people are rich !,
