  stay in europe . 
  it 's really bad in the us so you should n't come here . 
  sounds like a waste of tax dollars . 
  if people wanted to hear the `` right '' kind of music would n't there be demand for that music and not need to be funded by taxes ? 
  this money would probably be better spent on something else . 
  europeans can be muslim . 
  then you should have got a better plan in the first place if you are n't poor enough for subsidies . 
  i guess after all these if 's and but 's you would have to get a loan and then owe shitloads of money . 
  but as you stated you are n't poor enough for medicaid or subsidies so the loan should n't be too hard to acquire . 
  then you get government subsidies under the affordable care act , and also apply for medicaid . 
  germany has no minimum wage , going to talk shit to them ? 
  less than 1 % of americans make minimum wage . 
  you 've never heard of health insurance before ? 
  jesus christ the woman on the 8th picture has a beautiful face . 
  she looks like keira knightley . 
  that edge, 
  could someone explain what a gypsy is to me ? 
  i know they 're like homeless people but do n't see why so many europeans hate them , people here do n't hate homeless we just feel sorry for them and give them money . 
  actually the us economy grew over 4 % in quarter 3 of 2013 . 
  overall the gdp growth rate for 2013 will be about 2.5 % could be little more or less depending on quarter 4 growth . 
  so you proved my point that that really is what people learn about austrians here . 
  good , hope that helps our exports . 
  gee , i wonder what country you live in . 
  it 's an inferiority complex . 
  ah cool was waiting for this thread . 
  i 'm 1/4th slovenian , 1/4th croatian , and little under half norwegian . 
  would love to visit all of these countries . 
  arnold schwarzenegger raaaaagaggghhhhgghun gooo get to da choppaaaaa, 
  i do n't see what that has to do with what i was saying . 
  anyways i live in ohio where age of consent is 16 , and we have a close-in-age exception where a 13-17 year old can consent to someone as long as the other person is between the age of 13 and 17 . 
  so i do n't think what you 're saying implies to me . 
  this is true . 
  if a state decided to leave the union we would probably bomb them until they started listening to the federal government, 
  countries that love to complain : uk uk uk, 
  do n't even compare those casuals to us . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country only half as much , pffffffft, 
  i think its because we do n't really see irish people in movies or tv shows so we do n't watch enough media to understand your accents . 
  also its kind of rude here to tell someone you ca n't understand them if they have an accent . 
  most people will just smile and nod when we do n't understand you . 
  are there no new buildings ? 
  only fixed up old ones ? 
  just kidding , you should have at least thrown a few skyscrapers in there or something though to really show the difference . 
  every country has different logos based on holidays and stuff . 
  the us version has http://i.imgur.com/bfzqtov.png right now usually it switches like once a week to something new and is usually holiday themed . 
  right now it seems to have an interactive crossword puzzle game that we can play . 
  ah shit we nuked the wrong country !, 
  welcome to my world . 
  do n't feminists want to give women the right to be topless just like men ? 
  i thought this was their argument for topless protesting in femen . 
  why is south africa not included in africa ? 
  he 's nervous, 
  well australias economy basically relies on fucking up the environment , so i do n't blame them . 
  i love when people get mad and revert to stereotypes . 
  fat , stupid , eat hamburgers , shoot guns , etc. . . ca n't someone think of something new to call us ? 
  it 's so boring hearing the same things . 
  a post about israel on / r/europe ? 
  this gon be good . 
  no , amerikkka is evil . 
  no healthcare , and they are all murdering pigdogs . 
  read all of the top replies on this post and you will see why . 
  everyone has shitty things to say about americans but i hardly ever see what these people are talking about even close to the amount that i see posts like these where they bash americans . 
  i used to have a canadian flair because i would get less downvotes but i went back to american just to confirm it and yeah i do get more now . 
  obviously according to this map americans have little tiny baby penises just little bit bigger than asians . 
  europe , master continent !!, 
  this should be the top post , we have stupid people in our government and they say stupid shit all the time . 
  ca n't believe people are taking this person seriously , i 'm embarrassed for the people on this sub-reddit . 
  so the uk would save about 6 billion euro a year if they left the eu ? 
  does n't sound like much considering their 1.8 trillion euro gdp, 
  but will they be able to win a war against the [ french ] ( http://a3.ec-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/117/09667143636d41e38f4739e0099ef43e/l.jpg ) and some civilian militias ? 
  liechtenstein and switzerland because if your country is that small it should just be called a few cities, 
  to be or not to be, 
  this is coming from a scot . 
  we calculate democracy in terms of miles and fahrenheit . 
  yeah that 's why i chose carson city . 
  right next to a giant freshwater lake . 
  too bad this thread says `` in europe '' though . 
  well the us has one of the highest incomes compared to low prices in the world . 
  and if you want a dry place go to the western us . 
  although once you get to the coast the prices rise . 
  near fresh water hmm . 
  i 'd say carson city nevada right next to lake tahoe california . 
  prostitution is legal there too . 
  also nevada has no state income tax . 
  meaning if you make under 33000 a year you 'll only pay like 15 % total tax . 
  or if you make under like 80,000 i believe then you pay under 25 %, 
  what made you think that, 
  but why yum when is empty :( i want full dessert, 
  ah yeah in that route there is mostly swampland it seems . 
  looks like you probably only passed through mobile alabama and tallahassee florida, 
  sounds like someone is speaking english but has nazi tourettes so they throw in german between their english, 
  kind of cool you can see most important things in an entire country in a few days . 
  here would take years, 
  ah i think if turkey has financial and technological inefficiencies to the point you have to base your company in germany instead , that makes your company specifically not turkish at all . 
  but it has died down . 
  we pulled our troops from both iraq and afghanistan . 
  and now we merely strike isis from the air without devoting much resources to it even though their atrocities are much worse than al qaeda, 
  were they not formed in san rafael , california ? 
  edit : ops original post said telltale games, 
  wikipedia tells me their headquarters is in germany and the founders were germans who happened to be immigrants from turkey, 
  any way you want to watch it,
