then come back to europe ( sorry britain ) haha , i like this guy, 
  could the asturians decide by themselves if they want to be part of the basque country too ? 
  you are right , but you will agree with me if you read twice what you said . 
  it 's funny how they include navarra, 
  they carry guns, 
  i think it was a polite joke, 
  i though there were because of the three plagues of the city ( fire , flood and black death ), 
  i should say this is not accurate at all, 
  why not ? 
  not festive , but still representative http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcelbp2cvqu, 
  catalonia ... oh wait !, 
  no , seriously , portugal, 
  sorry but this is not an infografy , just text with decorative pics . 
  i had to say, 
  hey fellow asturian !, 
  of course, 
  ballots are transparent in spain too, 
  iniesta and villa are not catalans at all , but hell yeah that would be a pretty nice football team anyway, 
  nobody expects the ... oh wait ohhh , catalans again !, 
  true just in case you do n't consider medvedev his son :p, 
  i 'm saying media do n't treat putin as the last dictator in europe . 
  that 's the point !, 
  i met some belarussian people and their opinions were more or less like : `` we can look to ukraine or look to poland , maybe lukashenko is not that bad '', 
  so yes , he is maybe a dictator , but then ... putin is one too , right ? 
  tell me please , why is so bad lukashenko ? 
  because tv says ? 
  just asking, 
  you win !, 
  nope , it was a simple question . 
  somebody asked a reason , then i gave it . 
  but i 'm not interested in a futile confrontation about your vision of spain or anything else . 
  thanks . 
  a `` no '' would have been enough . 
  '' ... there has to be a culture there to be hurt in the first place , which there was n't for most of the costa blanca ... '' is just an example . 
  but , tell me , are you from cat ? 
  i 'm sure you know better than me, 
  nah , i 'm just curious . 
  i do n't really judge other people opinions but that kind of spanihate usually comes from the same place, 
  let me guess ... are you from catalonia ? 
  i can only say i had one of the best times of my life backpacking in poland , ukraine and belarus . 
  not even a single problem , people was always friendly and willing to help in any possible way . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c63ummlz26a related coca-cola advertisement . 
  i think the eu website is a good start for that things, 
  the gibraltar issue is not really mainstream . 
  politicians and a bunch of extremist nationalist care about it , but not much people more does . 
  actually , we have most important and urgent matters on agenda ( as everybody knows ) than hunting elephants or invading rocks . 
  gibraltar belongs to the monkeys . 
  of course spanish gov. 
  has no right to impose its will on * llanitos * and i do n't see any war in a realistic context since we have football . 
  but maybe if we cut off that benefits from being a fanancial paradise the situation will change a bit . 
  regarding gibraltar waters , the treaty that recognized british sovereignty over the rock states that there is no right on the waters that surround it . 
  if we respect a part , the whole treaty should be respected . 
  moreover , the european union itself has acknowledged this . 
  everybody should stay classier ? 
  i 'm agree with that . 
  of course not , keep gibraltar . 
  the issue is not about the rock instead . 
  but be gentle with it , and dont stablish a finacial paradise , or a nuclear submarine workshop in spain 's backyard . 
  i 'm saying is impolite , by gibraltar or the uk government . 
  that 's not the right decission even is completely rightful . 
  it 's a provocation , in my point of view , since gibraltar does not receive any benefit doing that , or even if they get something . 
  nope , but actually i used it as a synonymous, 
  maybe if i live in a financial paradise , with a lot of economic benefits , i would like to keep things as they are, 
  maybe i 'm too naive but i think provocation comes always from the same side ... just one case more : the odissey affair . 
  an american company gets a treasure of gold and silver from a sank sxvi spanish warship . 
  spain states that everything in a spanish ship , sank or sailing , is property of the country and blocks the entrance of the american ship in spanish waters . 
  so ... the uk offers gibraltar selflessly to a private company in legal confrontation with spanish gov. 
  as operating base . 
  why england ? 
  it 's very * unpolite * to get nuclear submarines to be repaired in gibraltar . 
  it 's very * unpolite * to set gibraltar as a financial paradise , why do n't you try it in wales maybe ? 
  it 's very * unpolite * to capture and hold police boats that were chasing drug traffic and ` tresspased ' territorial waters of gibraltar ( that ones the eu says are nonexistent ) [ you know what i mean ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3upjc.jpg ), 
  and hope for many much time !, 
  ( not the student part ) world 's already packed with smarty know-all badasses who can predict everything . 
  electronic engineering phd, 
  never mind, 
  lol that 's a joke right ? 
  there says the last one was in 1936-1939 ( civil war ) and the one before that one was in 1882 . 
  tell me when did that happen, 
  again ? 
  there is no again . 
  the ones who call themselves economic experts are the ones who put us where we are right now . 
  the whole system is a mess , we all know that . 
  but being in the mess , this is the best you can get . 
  maybe you are a bit limited talking about sailing without a ship . 
  if we have ltros , then talking about the situation if we do n't have them it 's just silly . 
  mario draghi on that : - market indicators of inflation expectations usually show no signs of inflation above our medium-term objective . 
  - the ltros were designed specifically to prevent a credit crunch that could damage the stability of prices in the euro zone . 
  maybe he is limited too . 
  and take a look to passive assets banks have been accumulating exponentially during the crisis . 
  no active assets , but maybe should count a bit . 
  we are talking about spain . 
  i 'm not pretencious or anything but ... stick to the case . 
  spain is not greece , portugal or ireland , even if you call all of 'em pigs . 
  if spain falls to the ground the rest of europe will have a bigger problem than taking lees than 100 cents an euro, 
  the 10 years treasury bond is considered the ` zero-risk assets ' , or the less risky investment that exists in a country . 
  at the very least the state have to give us inflation , that is guaranteed , because if we 're not losing purchasing power . 
  so at least you 'll get inflation in an ` apocalipse foreground ' which is not the case . 
  banks who are doing historical profit records these years could go bust ? 
  nah , i do n't think so .
