yeah , except we do n't silence anyone who tries to speak negatively about immigrants . 
  sorry , you 're on the wrong side of history here . 
  sweden is a perfect example of what happens to a country when the people in charge hate their own culture . 
  because of overwhelming retroactive guilt . 
  all they need to say is that malta has wmds and bam , easy coup . 
   this is why referenda are stupid to begin with your point is that asking questions is stupid , because we 're asking the wrong ones ? 
  representative democracy is a great idea , but it does n't always work . 
  how are you going to tell how well the parties represent the people ? 
  if your country has many smaller parties ( like mine ) , elections can do that . 
  but in a de facto 2 party system like in the uk , there 's a near 100 % chance parliament is n't accurately representating what the populace wants . 
  referenda are n't bad , i 'd like to see them used more often , but if you 're against them and claim that representative democracy is better , what guarantee do you have that that it 's actually representative ? 
  demagoguery and disinformation happen in election time , too . 
   some people are too stupid to live in a democracy . 
  wew , that went 0 to totalitarian real quick . 
  i think that describes everyone this year . 
  probably because there 's no chance for employment otherwise . 
  i do n't think there 's a romanian buzzfeed they could work at with a gender studies degree . 
  no , that sounds like pretty much the same as in the west . 
  why use different countries to make an example of what one country does ? 
  i do n't prove that iran has no rigged elections by showing that austria has recounts , do i ? 
  just look at the us , both parties are warmongers . 
  they both want war in the middle east , but they 'll use different arguments to persuade you to agree . 
  for iraq it was wmds , for libya it was the tyranny of gadaffi . 
  different arguments , but same outcome : destabilisation of the region , massive civilian deaths and no foreseeable positive outcome . 
  now tell me how japan 's system of government will influence that . 
  china will start to become even more aggressive soon . 
  let 's see if they can start a war then . 
  was kind of hoping for a link that shows the `` its economy is in shambles and has no diversity whatsoever '' rather than ` banana republic . ', 
  read the quote again , friend . 
  g\u00f6ring is right when he says the form of government does n't matter whether you go to war or not . 
  populism or centrism , war wil always happen if the small group of people in charge decide it must happen . 
   about to hit the very bottom what makes you say that ? 
  the fighting words from hillary ? 
  that does n't really follow . 
  you can support a mainstream political group and still feel this way about foreigners . 
  remember , voting for a party means voting for all their policies . 
  if you disagree with all their points except one , there 's no point in voting for them . 
  or against their host country 's citizens , more often . 
  maybe for the leeching south . 
  burqa ban was written into law in 2010 , and it includes tight clothing of the same type , that is , meant to cover the face . 
  the burqini ban is imo a small expansion on that , being a ban on religious wear on the beach , but strangely it has been overturned , although the burqa ban was upheld in euro court in 2014 . 
   i liked the goal of ttip . 
  you ca n't escape globalization , so moving progress forward is cool seems a bit circular . 
  `` let 's promote globalism because we ca n't escape globalism because we keep promoting globalism ? '', 
  i like your dedication , but just for follow-up :  by disallowing such clothing , you will never ever see how much nazis there are in your town . 
  why would you need to know how many nazis are in your town ? 
  kind of weird for you to strawman like that again . 
   denmark , sweden , norway , britain  germanic ? 
  if we made buying products from evil countries illegal , we 'd all be forced to drive water-powered cars . 
  i wonder what flavour of ` moderate ' islam they preach here . 
  from what i 've seen in danish mosques , it ca n't be good . 
  true , but then again , everyone has . 
  the rest of the world has had every chance to be the centre of everything ( and most part have been ) , but now it 's our turn . 
  maybe china is next . 
  moving the goalposts a little , and this is a very common reaction whenever someone criticises the koran , but why not ban both ? 
  you 're moving the goalposts . 
  we care about lgbt rights now , do n't we ? 
  that 's a tiny , tiny subset of the population , too . 
  you 're from germany , right ? 
  should people be able to wear nazi uniforms ? 
  how do you feel about banning nazi flags and uniforms then ? 
  those are banned in germany ( and here too ) , so there 's precedent for not allowing to express an ideology we do n't agree with . 
  why ca n't people ever argue a topic without having to resort to similar cases ? 
  where 's the difficulty in saying `` yeah , that 's cherry picking '' without going full tu quoque mode ? 
   the lower classes how nice of you to be so subtle with your distaste for the plebeian masses . 
  no , it is n't . 
  look up statistics from 2005 and compare them to those from 2000 or 1995 . 
  they changed it in 2005 . 
  if you 're right , you 'll see an astronomical jump . 
  and italy wishes the euro would n't force their banks and economy into the ground . 
  but hey , maybe they can sell those medals back to germany for some alms , right ? 
  a dutch candidate who speaks english and french natively ? 
  good luck finding that shit here . 
  right , because just like how right wingers want is to rule , is wants the right to rule . 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  to be fair , anti-brexit people said the consequences would be near-apocalyptic . 
  exactly !, 
  now , if they were found colluding with government to provide favorable articles and * blast * their opposition , now ** that ** would be bad . 
  us with the turks as well , although that only really shone through in their support of erdo . 
  yes , but they would . 
  yeah , but they are n't elected , so leaving them in charge defeats the point of having elected officials in the first place . 
  ah , of course , that 's why we elect a cabinet of experts in their respective fields , instead of a ragtag group of elitists , private school boys and demagogues . 
  oh , no , we do n't . 
  remind yourself that you require no qualifications whatsoever to become a politician , everyone can be one , that 's part of what makes our democracy . 
  politicians need not be qualified to do anything to be elected . 
  it 's got nothing to do with qualifications , it 's simple elitism . 
  so , paraphrasing , do n't let the unwashed masses decide on their own future because they 're too stupid to realise the grand scheme ? 
  yeah , that sounds like democracy to me . 
  it makes sense . 
  rich muslim-majority countries should n't be able to fund mosques in muslim-minority countries to expand their reach . 
  their income should be based on how many people in the country go to mosques . 
  was there no proper register before ? 
  yeah it 's hilarious how people can regret their decisions . 
  amazing . 
  as a centre-leftist , i resent that statement . 
  nobody is obligated to bake you a cake , either . 
  you 're right , but not in the [ way you might think . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/true-crime/wp/2016/04/27/this-study-found-race-matters-in-police-shootings-but-the-results-may-surprise-you/ ), 
  yeah , but explaining the joke ruins it . 
  oh , sorry , i was joking .
