  you 're not a mercenary because you can come and go as you please , reaping the benefits people who have built that country have made for you , all the while never belonging anywhere or feeling pride in anything . 
  yeah , great refutation . 
  there does n't exist a right to have a nation to belong to . 
  let them be nationless . 
  you should 100 % lose your nationality if you commit a terrorist act against it , are you crazy ? 
   i 'm a world citizen nice euphemism for mercenary . 
  on a more serious note , they ca n't be in the government because they need a majority , which is almost never reached . 
  that is why they need to work together with someone else . 
  however , no one wants to . 
  so that 's why it 's more likely a different coalition will rule . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  terrorists can be domestic too . 
  their nationality may have been french , but their allegiance was not with france . 
  how the hell is mauritania not number one ? 
  literally 1 in 5 in their population is a slave !, 
  i 'm glad the situation in venezuela has calmed to the point of you being able to criticise other countries again . 
  bread prices down below $ 12 for a half loaf yet ? 
  bioware is shit at making games that people who actually play them enjoy . 
  also , they 're bad at making pretty women ; in da : i , there 's literally no options for long hair . 
  you can only make bald or short-haired women . 
  what the fuck ? 
  yeah i realised 5 seconds after posting that you may have meant that . 
  fair play . 
  i 've read the book and seen the movie . 
  literally the opposite of what you are saying happened . 
  people got loans they could never pay back to buy houses they could n't afford at a variable low teaser rate , which would turn over into the high rate halfway through 2007 . 
  in response to seeing this , several investors betted against the housing market ( i.e. 
  they went short ) , which aggravated the decline and when the defaults came , it hit hard . 
  what you 're saying is people went long on housing , but it 's literally in the name of the book/film that they went short . 
  you can complicate it a little by adding the overuse of cdos , repackaging , debt ratings fraud and corruption , but that 's the gist of it . 
   american housing marked collapsed because a lot of people bought houses like an investment , with the intent to sell later for a profit . 
  source ? 
  this must be from a different bubble than the one caused by the subprime mortgage bubble . 
  i ca n't believe anyone can actually believe these things . 
  congrats , you have successfully rustled my jimmies . 
  that reminds me of this article about this clever asylum seeker who pretended to be gay so he could be granted asylum , shortly whereafter he assaulted an underage girl . 
  not saying this applies to all of them , just that you ca n't trust anyone on face value . 
  `` useful idiots '' is also exactly the term [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/2hwygpdvx_8 ) former kgb agent used to describe followers of precisely the opposite ideology . 
  finland has a bias in labeling these people as idiots because they 're ( probably justifiably ) afraid of russian aggression . 
  not saying he 's wrong , though . 
  switzerland is extremely decentralised ( something the eu would n't be ) and works heavily with referenda , which the eu ruling party would n't allow , because they know so much better than the plebs who live in europe . 
  france was better as a monarchy . 
  oh yeah , surely maoist china is better than current china !, 
  just look at all this 0 evidence !, 
  your flair is pretty ironic , looking at your comment . 
  `` we 'd never do that '' much ? 
  the name of the game is ` craps , ' by the way , if anyone was wondering . 
  just like sister country america . 
  looks like cherry-picking to me . 
  loved the burqa one , though . 
  even if it was very vague . 
   europeans these days are black , arab and asian . 
  easy on the kool-aid there , gareth . 
  jesus lives !, 
  is a slightly better translation . 
  i remember seeing these when kramer , roest and blokhuijs sweeped the field in skating yesterday . 
  i wonder if this will stop their butthurt over our skating clean sweep . 
  probably not . 
  more popular than their most popular female vlogger , who has her own tv show , per his newest video . 
  so pineapple , the fruit , is disallowed , but tomato , the fruit , is just fine ? 
  someone needs to revoke this umami privilege !, 
  sweet fruits are just as good !, 
  it 's great , as long as you protect it from outsiders who wish to take advantage . 
  a unified europe can not work without having a population that 's all on the same page ( approximately ) on where we want to go and what 's expected of them . 
  many of europe 's problems could be solved with a federal superstate , but it means europe has to choose whether it wants to be a big , rich economic powerhouse , or a welfare state that takes care of its citizens , which means shielding yourself off . 
   a third world country ah , you mean france ? 
  hon hon hon !, 
  why does the british passport look like ours , just bigger ? 
   unless they live in the expensive metropolitan areas . 
  and now we get to the root of the reason ` educated ' people are in favour of more immigration , while ` poor , uneducated ' people are not . 
  now * this * is humour !, 
  this man thinks you can have peace without fighting for it . 
  sad . 
  when is austria going to apologise for hitler ? 
  you do n't feel pride in the eu ( i presume this is your country , you have no flag ) and the economic , social and cultural advances we 've made over the past few decades ? 
  and would n't you feel angry if someone were to try to erode those achievements , be it populists , russians , muslims , fascist or whoever else ? 
  maybe you 're right in that only some people feel pride for where they come from . 
  you clearly do n't , and i do n't either , but pride is generally a big part of anger against people trying to change things . 
  luckily , you do n't have to cherry-pick at all . 
  you only need to practise ` abrogation , ' in which a succeeding verse overrules a preceding one if the two contradict one another . 
  the quran is ordered in descending verse length ( do n't ask me why ) and the later verses are usually the more violent ones . 
  here 's a good example : if an early verse says dogs are good and a later one says they 're dirty and should be purged , you wo n't find a lot of muslims being fond of dogs . 
  really ? 
  does spain contribute as much of their gdp as is necessary to foreign aid , like the netherlands do ? 
  including the germans makes economic sense , they 're a huge economy . 
  whoops , you 're absolutely right . 
  i remembered ` reelection ' and forgot the negation part . 
  trying to gain points for reelection , i see ? 
  compasssion will kill the eu . 
  for a group usually so focused on rational , practical things ( it was created for economic reasons ) , why do our leaders fall for the compassion trap every time ? 
  ` just be nice and hope others are nice too , ' is a bad way to conduct foreign policy . 
  if europe is under threat right now , it needs to learn to defend itself . 
  defend its borders and its principles . 
  a point he and trump actually agree on . 
  rephrashing wo n't do anything . 
  the media who dislike him will find a way to sensationalise and disparage everything he says . 
  this , but ironically the most trusted sources are usually also primary sources ( bbc , reuters ) and as such are either the only source available ( many other sources will simply cite their work ) or simply do not provide cited works . 
  this only becomes really annoying when you find out their primary source for a given chemical attack in syria was one guy operating from his house in london , for example . 
  makes you doubt the validity of everything even if that 's not necessarily warranted . 
   but i 'd think it would be a good thing if you yourself would go and see these documents .
