  that way you do n't need to take wikileaks ' word for it . 
  do you believe russia ` hacked ' the dnc ? 
  do you have evidence , or are you just taking the cia 's word for it ? 
  this is literally just a post that 's 4 quotes with opinion and a sarcastic sigh at the end . 
  this is garbage . 
  i 'm not going to spoonfeed you . 
  do n't know where they are . 
  i suspect the wikileaks website would hold them . 
  i 'm not particularly interested in russian documents from wikileaks , everyone else already reports on that . 
  so , about russia . 
  not necessarily from russia . 
  so the above comment is rather inaccurate , while assange 's remains true . 
  only the approved outlets , eh joseph ? 
  well , [ see ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/esteri/2016/12/23/news/assange_wikileaks-154754000/ ) for yourself . 
  this is the interview i got the quote from . 
   we have published more than 800,000 documents about or referencing russia and president putin [ source ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/esteri/2016/12/23/news/assange_wikileaks-154754000/ ), 
  spreading [ lies ] ( https://theintercept.com/2016/12/29/the-guardians-summary-of-julian-assanges-interview-went-viral-and-was-completely-false/ ) is a dangerous practice , friend . 
  direct quote from assange from his latest interview . 
   waiting for wikileaks to leak something substantial on russians more than they already have ? 
  800k documents since last count . 
  assange himself said there 's a reason russians do n't seek out wikileaks to leak things on russia ; they do n't speak russian . 
  besides , there 's a million places you can go for russian corruption . 
  american corruption , though ? 
  only one place . 
  and even that place is now in jeopardy . 
  edit : he said 800k, 
  why does wikileaks deny their source was russian ? 
  are they all russian agents , now , too ? 
  i 'm confused , really . 
  did it take top-level kremlin technology to phish podesta ? 
  or ` hack ' clinton 's reportedly less-than-secure server ? 
  why would these agents use the same methods over again ? 
  was the purpose to look russian ? 
  silly map . 
  the article itself says that less than half a percent of `` black and asian '' people support ukip . 
  without at least weighting non-immigrants or only polling them , that 's going to heavily skew numbers . 
  it also notes there may be a case of white flight . 
  not that convinced on that , but you understand why a 1:1 comparison in this case is silly . 
  now , comparing the attitudes of non-immigrants ( or western ones ) in areas with high ( non-western ) immigration to those with low would be the best . 
  if that still shows the same results , your point stands . 
  a federalist who 's against the people ruling themselves ? 
  impossible !, 
  because we can , goddammit . 
  can someone eli5 me on the green party ? 
  the name makes me think left-libertarian , like our groenlinks , which is wonderful , but is this really their platform or just a name ? 
  more like left-leaning pretending to be neutral . 
  guess france should ban the cnn website too , then . 
  maybe r/politics while we 're at it . 
  breitbait is n't pro-eu , you silly goose . 
  yeah , but the american one works in their favour , so hush hush . 
   my parents used to listen to radio free europe with an illegal antenna . 
  what makes you think `` anti-propaganda '' lawmakers would n't want to crack down on that ? 
  anti-propaganda just means ` only our propaganda . ', 
  yeah , i think bnw is more apt , given the recent surge on `` fake news . '', 
  good call on pinochet , too . 
  one of the few free-market dictators . 
  all right , my bad , point made . 
  i think a little variety will be good , and i 'll vow to play my part by refraining from using hitler or 1984 in my political similes . 
  a lot ? 
  more often or even half as often as seeing `` 6 reasons [ insert republican ] is the new hitler !, 
  you wo n't believe number 4 ! '', 
  types of comments or headlines ? 
  people like to call others ignorant of history , but this is just absurd . 
  now can we stop talking about this ? 
  it 's only fair if you show diversity in who you compare politicians to and if you do n't just call every republican literally hitler , which is just lazy and a bit ignorant . 
  try comparing sweden to the late roman empire , that 's one we have n't heard yet . 
  i rest my case . 
  can someone with the flair ` european federalist ' really be expected to have their opinion be accepted as unbiased by anyone ? 
  good for you . 
  i hope she gets it . 
  she seems reasonable and realpolitik seems like the way forward for germany in troubling times ahead . 
  why even have a distinction between rape , statutory and non-statutory , if you 're going to define consent as age-determined anyway ? 
  kind of weird . 
  just make it 1 crime and add being underage to the reasons it 's non-consensual with threat , coercion and false pretenses . 
  you must live your life in constant fear if that scared you . 
  poor thing . 
  then there 's your answer . 
  did you read the article ? 
  if they divorce , the elder gets prosecuted anyway , and the law only counts if their is no coercion , threat or other restriction on consent . 
  basically , if you fuck someone below 15 , that 's illegal , unless you marry them afterward , but only if they consented to the fuck in the first place . 
  you run into some trouble if you define that consent is absolutely impossible to give if you 're under 15 , but people are blowing it up further than it needs to be . 
  `` i deplore identity politics . '', 
  `` i 'm european . '', 
  european is an identity . 
  just because you 're not sensitive to racial identity politics ( maybe because you 're `` mixed race '' ) does n't mean you ca n't fall to other identity-based policies . 
  blm ( and this thing now ) have n't created identity politics out of nothing , they 've just capitalised on existing feelings in minority and majority groups . 
  the whole russia narrative is identity politics , and so is the radicalisation message of terrorist groups . 
  identity politics is n't some exogenous , ethereal force acting upon civil society to make us turn against eachother , it 's an integral part of current political debate and has been for the past 50 years , and unless we find concrete solutions to the problems we face soon , we will face ourselves on the losing end of a self segregation movement . 
  good post otherwise . 
  work ? 
  you know this is france , right ? 
  mh-17 , combined with the fact that every single one of our major outlets believe the russian conspiracies and broadcast it often . 
  i do n't think there 's many people i know that like russians that do n't actively watch media outside the netherlands . 
   integration is not defined by ` where your heart lies . ', 
  i 'm afraid it is , my post-nationalist friend . 
  how else can it be ? 
   many germans are actually not or less integrated into our society than many immigrants . 
  source on this claim ? 
  remember we are not talking of first generation immigrants here , but ` well-integrated ' children or grandchildren of immigrants . 
  turkish nationalism is an issue we dutch have to deal with as well , seeing as it is preventing people from fully seeing themselves as dutch ( or european ) , but we can not solve it by saying it does not exist .
