the ministers are pointed , but the process is pretty predictable . 
  you do n't really know who ends up in what position but at least you know most of the people , you generally saw them during the campaign . 
  in the current european system i vote for a national party , and i know that these parties work together in a european coalition , but i do n't know the people involved . 
  i also do n't know the ( possibly different ) views of the other parties in the coalition . 
  if i voted for the dutch party cda that would have been a vote for junker , but i would n't have known that when i was voting . 
  i would much prefer a system with european parties , so that the people who are convincing me to vote for them are the people ending up in office . 
   why does poland receive so much ( wtf ! ) ? 
  why are we contributing more than finland and austria ( i do n't want us to pay less , i want them to pay more if there 's no valid reason ) ? 
  what about the netherlands , they contribute a lot ? 
  it 's not the ` paying ' you have to look into because everyone pays the same as a percentage of gdp . 
   why is belgium a net contributor , should n't they receive net funds for hosting us ? 
  i 'm assuming this is paid out in things like wages and rent to private individuals and corporations and therefore not counted in these statistics . 
   this year people will be donating their 13th month ( vacation extra ) to the eu because they changed the calculation method i could n't find stats from this year , but in 2012 the total amount of ` vakantiegeld ' ( vacation extra 's ) was 23 billion . 
  we have to pay about 6.5 billion in 2015 . 
  the correction was about 10 % of our contributions . 
  please explain how 23 billion equals 0.65 billion ( 10 % of 6.5 billion ) . 
  ( and these are our gross contributions . 
  we 're getting about 60 % back in various subsidies ), 
  the turnout and the percentage of votes for the winner is measured for individual voting districts and plotted on the graph . 
  there is some variation between regions but in general the points clump together , and there is no obvious relation between voter turnout and the percentage of votes for the winner . 
  russia has a number of regions that have both and unusually high turnout and an unusual high support for the winner of the election . 
  this suggests fraud . 
  the thing is that they do n't just want the protection to be the same , they have very specific wishes . 
  quoting from their report on the netherlands :  in terms of legislative protection , the dutch penal code does not include gender identity as a discrimination ground ... good . 
  discrimination is well defined without the need for a list of ` grounds ' . 
  there should n't be more or less protection for discrimination based on sexual preference or say stamp collecting . 
  the solution here is to remove the list , not add more stuff . 
   ... and the netherlands still does not have hate crime legislation that increases the maximum penalty if a crime is bias-motivated . 
  great . 
  we 're supposed to be punishing behaviour , not thoughts . 
   you still suggest natural/sexual selection -- i.e. 
  genetics . 
  yes !, 
   http://rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/282/1806/20150211, 
  what you 're sketching as ` the result ' , is n't only the result of the austerity plan , but also the previous decade of borrowing and decades of not setting up a functional tax system . 
  pointing your finger to the other party is n't helping . 
  fact is that greece brought these problems onto themselves , and the eu 's ` solution ' did n't solve anything . 
  everyone 's at fault . 
   yes . 
  it is fair . 
  people who sign up for the repayment plan should not be prosecuted , they were only obeying the tax compliance culture at the time . 
  i recently got a ticket for speeding . 
  in my defense , everyone was going over the speed limit , so i was just obeying the speed compliance culture at the time . 
  it 's practical , but it certainly is n't fair . 
  it would only be fair if everyone committed fraud to the same degree . 
   democracy is a failing system in its current form . 
  no it 's not . 
  our parliamentary democracy works fine . 
  certainly not perfect , but fine . 
  the reason that complaining about politics an politicians are not taken seriously is because those complaints are usually unfounded , or because the complainer does n't suggest a better alternative . 
  take your example , you want to increase efficiency by having more uninformed people directly involved in the decision making process . 
  yeah , that 's certainly going to lead to a better and faster government . 
  the strength of an indirect democracy is that the average inhabitant does n't have to know anything about every individual decision that has to be made . 
  your vote signals a general direction you want the country to move in , and the experts ( yes , politicians and their advisers are experts ) work out the details . 
  before the war , the rate was 2.5 marks to the dollar , so multiply my answer by four if you want to calculate it that way . 
  however , i fucked up the mark to dollar conversion by a factor of 100 ( as noted by afgwan ) , so my original sum should have been : 476 million reichsmarks * 0.1 ( marks to dollars ) * 0.92 ( dollars to euros ) * 1.03 ^ 66 ( 66 years of 3 % interest ) = ~ 308 million . 
  if you want to calculate is based on the rate before the war started , that makes it 1.23 billion euro 's . 
  yes , i 'm an idiot , 
   the 10.3 b of loans with the 3 % interest rate would be in the ballpark of 93b dollars . 
  perhaps not 273b , but a sizable amount . 
  that is not how loans work though . 
  you pay interest on a loan , not interest and inflation . 
  the currency ( reichsmark ) the loan was taken out in does n't exist anymore , so we 'll calculate todays value by converting to dollars , and then back to euro 's . 
  we 'll take the mark to dollar rate after the war which was 10 marks to the dollar [ 1 ] . 
  we 'll also take today 's rate from dollars to euro 's which is about 0.92 euro 's to the dollar . 
  the original loan of 476 million reichsmarks * 10 ( marks to dollars ) * 0.92 ( dollars to euros ) = ~ 4379 million euro 's . 
  add 66 years of 3 % interest that is 4379 * 1.03 ^ 66 = ~ 30.8 billion . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.history.ucsb.edu/faculty/marcuse/projects/currency.htm, 
  if a justice system can not be trusted to rule fairly without regard for nationality , how can it by trusted to rule fairly on other grounds ( race , social connections , etc. . . ) . 
  why add a way around a crappy system for the people who need it least , and not for most of the inhabitants of the country , or local companies . 
   canceling all isds causes would be a massive blow to foreign investment and lots of country would be considerably impoverished by it , especially those that are already relatively poor . 
  this seems like a great way to get these countries to improve their justice system . 
   with all my respect , france is very likely to be one of those countries , even though it 's among the world 's most developed economies . 
  if you do n't trust them , do n't do business there . 
  you 've implied it by using the word ` punishment ' . 
  you ca n't really punish yourself . 
  it 's incredibly naive to have expected any differently . 
  of course party a is going to interpret their responsibilities in their favor when party b breaks open an agreement between both parties . 
   well , for example , ttip is n't going to suddenly allow chlorine chicken . 
  the director of dg trade ( the body responsible for negotiating ttip ) has already stated that they 're not going to lower eu standards as a result . 
  the eu has also stated that they 're not going to change `` existing levels of protection ( consumer , environmental , health , etc ) for the sake of an agreement '' . 
  that 's nice . 
  i 'm really happy he knows exactly which laws the eu may want to add or change in the future , and to which extend that may or may not be possible because of this agreement . 
  and that 's even assuming he knows what he 's talking about , because this would be the first time the people writing a law/agreement could n't predict how it will be used in practice ( see : every legal loophole ever ) . 
   regardless , isds is nothing like is commonly reported anyway it 's still unnecessary . 
  we have courts . 
  they work fine . 
  there is only one reason to not go through the court system and that is to safe money in cases where the stakes are low , but that does n't seem to apply here . 
  the alternative is a representative democracy . 
  you ask the public for a general direction or broad moral statements and let professionals work out the admin . 
  a vote on a treaty almost nobody knows anything about is pointless . 
   the polls show the population will vote no . 
  polls show the population does n't give a shit , and will stay home . 
  the do n't give a shit because they do n't know what it is they 're voting for . 
  unfortunately this is n't stopping the majority of people who are going to vote . 
   but i guess why would the dutch try to look for information on how ukrainians adapt if they cast just assume from there high horse . 
  the people that are most afraid from immigrants , live in places where their are little immigrants . 
  sure , those are problems . 
  but do any of the problems suffer from a lack of diplomats ? 
   people i have talked to ( and myself ) typically say they will vote against , due to the eu having other problems it should be focusing on right now so what would these diplomats that have done if they were n't working on this treaty ?
