  not without some genocide first , also what about wales and cornwall ? 
  most inbreeding in the uk comes from muslim immigrants marrying their sisters and cousins , so i 'd be careful with this data . 
  exactly , they 'd be incredibly retarded to not be having talks . 
   merkel is also in no rush to punish the u.k. for leaving . 
  she 's more concerned about finding a way to limit the economic damage . 
  the u.k. is the largest single market for german autos . 
  german companies employ nearly 400,000 people in the country . 
  just hours after the referendum result came in , germany 's business lobby began pushing for a compromise to grant the u.k. continued access to the common market . 
  the butthurt this is going to cause on / r/europe when this becomes a reality . 
   at his meeting with merkel on saturday , bavarian premier horst seehofer repeated those calls , reminding the chancellor that the u.k. is his state 's second-largest trading partner after the u.s. 
  i 'm not sure / r/europe can take much more salt . 
  do n't worry according to / r/europe everything is fine and the uk will simply bend over and do whatever their fantasy desires . 
  in the real world the uk is a suicide bomber taking out the rest of europe with it , however the uk is in a fairly strong financial position thanks to 6 years of right wing government whereas countries like spain , italy and greece are completely fucked and do n't even have 1 % room for error . 
  soros called it , the guy is a scumbag but he 's a billionaire and rarely wrong , it 's the end of the eu . 
  the shares were suspended for 5 minutes ... 
  and highlights the glaring cultural differences between northern / central spain , andalusia , basque country and catalonia . 
  i do n't even know how pp are going to hold the country together after this . 
  especially radio 4 , it 's notorious for it . 
  it 's supposed to be the `` intelligent '' persons radio , and so they constantly strawman poor people as stupid idiots who do n't know what 's good for them , it also has a heavy neoliberal bias . 
  these were proven fake the first time they were posted several days ago . 
  they originate from the twitter of an irish nationalist , he hates the uk ( despite living there lol ) and has years worth of anti-uk stuff plastered all over his twitter , then invented these . 
  the queen does n't have such a veto , parliament is sovereign in the uk . 
  and the queen overruling the will of the people ? 
  last time that happened england had a civil war , no way . 
  even people who voted remain would oppose that . 
  the uk is a parliamentary democracy not a dictatorship . 
  the `` emergency brake '' can be used any time the pm / president of an eea country deems it necessary , there 's no definition restricting it 's usage . 
  switzerland even went one step further and implement full blown quotas , which have had zero consequence . 
  also all the other stuff still stands , such as being able to check every entrant , ensure they have health insurance , no criminal record etc , something the uk is n't even allowed to look up and discriminate on at the moment . 
  it 's only a worse deal if the uk takes the norway deal and then fails to do anything else such as sign any other independent trade deals with countries outside the eu ( they are already lining up to do deals ) . 
  remember the uk had basically no say in the eu before , so leaving , joining the eea and only having to apply 21 % of eu legislation sounds like a pretty good deal to me . 
  also eea countries have control over free movement , they can apply `` brakes '' at any time and can stop criminals or other degenerates entering the country . 
  the eu desperate needs decentralisation right now , especially the eurozone . 
   it needs to be close to some sort of financial area from / u/rocket _ mcgrain above  the eba has 159 employee 's and no one else in the financial sector needs to be physically close to them . 
  this is just one more nail in the coffin as far as i 'm concerned . 
  euro elite gon na euro elite until it 's only france , germany and belgium left . 
  * prepares popcorn *, 
  no , the eea option gives mild control over borders and no need to join schengen . 
  for example the uk could reject people without health insurance or criminals from entering the country , at the moment it ca n't even check eu citizens upon arrival at airports , they have to let murderers and rapists in unchallenged . 
  why not a poorer eu country in the euro that could do with the jobs and investment , like greece , portugal or even ireland ? 
  this decision is very toxic , it just shows where the eu elite 's interests are . 
  the salt on / r/europe will be incredible , followed shortly by the realisation that nobody actually wants to stay when the uk can get such a deal . 
  french government already announced the deal will remain , it 's not part of the eu , end of story . 
  wales is celtic , so is cornwall . 
  not all of scotland is celtic , and 50 % of northern ireland is n't celtic either ( not without some genocide anyway ) . 
  none of this makes sense . 
  the outcome of the spanish elections are only surprising to people who no history of studying politics . 
  mostly from european markets . 
  cameron has resigned , he ca n't invoke article 50 even if he wanted to , he has no parliamentary sovereignty anymore . 
   after that there may be tariffs , norway-style deal or exceptions ( sans services ) . 
  yeah but nobody is going to go for that option , when you have companies operating in the eu and uk and maybe even joint owned by eu and uk governments who 's going to want tariffs ? 
  and you think the uk is going to take a trade deal that allows germany to keep selling 30 % of it 's cars to the uk without tariffs but does n't exempt uk services the other way round ? 
  keep dreaming . 
   the eu has less to lose . 
  unfortunately that 's simply not true as i 've detailed above . 
  whilst germany might be fine , everyone else is fucked . 
  countries like ireland rely on the uk for 30 % of their trade , if that disappears it 's worse than ww2 . 
  high tech and advanced manufacturing industries have production facilities and skills that take decades to replace . 
  for example airbus aircraft use uk rolls royce engines , if the uk stops supplying those for even a few days airbus goes bankrupt . 
  orders from international clients stop coming in due to the uncertainty etc. 
  really the whole situation is a massive putada , people do n't realise how complex it is and how essential the continued free flow of trade is to everyone 's economies , especially at the current time when they are already weak . 
  i agree it 's poison for markets in both the uk and eu , but at the moment the eu has more to lose . 
  many countries are teetering on the edge and the uk can sneeze and they fall off at any time , italy is in a full blown banking crisis right now , and whilst the uk 's ftse100 has already recovered and still increasing , italy 's stock market is still 10 % down with no way out . 
  not to mention germany and france need the uk to keep trading desperately ( despite what / r/europe says ) , companies like vw , airbus and major agricultural firms all need the uk day to day . 
  if the eu does n't give the uk a good deal , germany better be prepared to get it 's credit card out again and further bail out weaker european states , and this time for amounts that make greece look like a joke . 
  just the fact the uk has literally hundreds of billions if not trillions in investments in the eu should make most people very , very concerned . 
  insane for who ? 
  it suits the uk from a negotiating position to drag it out as long as possible . 
  ahahah the finger pointing has begun , just watch the eu turn in on itself and rip itself apart . 
  the uk leaving was never the major issue . 
  population is the main factor , it gets you voting rights so you can impose your agenda on all the other members with smaller populations . 
  it 's only viable if it becomes less collectivist , the `` elite '' who run it though are moving in the completely wrong direction . 
  they believe they are creating a new use , but in reality they are making a usse . 
  france values the uk as a trading partner too , for fuck sake without the uk airbus ca n't make any aircraft , people are n't thinking the ramifications through in a rational manner . 
  we 'll see , if things do n't turn out that bad , and even possibly turn out better , it 's going to be a massive headache for the eu . 
  at the root of the issue the eu has failed to balance the demands of collectivism with the needs of individualism , as so many empires before it , which is why i believe the incredibly individualist uk will probably thrive outside the eu . 
  you mean north germany right ? 
   you have to abide by many of the eu regs as part of a norway deal eea countries have to abide by 21 % of eu regulations . 
  inb4 `` but you ca n't have any power in deciding eu regulation '' , the uk had no power anyway and was overruled 94/94 times in the eu parliament . 
  honestly this seems like a great solution for both the eu and the uk , there 's no reason for it to be complicated , messy or emotional . 
   65 % for independence in polls just published . 
  it 's actually 52 % in neutral polls released today . 
  most of / r/europe disagrees with you , just think about that for a second . 
  considering britain is by far the most multicultural country in europe , probably yes ? 
  at least another 3 months , probably longer . 
  as i said before the referendum even began the uk will formally leave the eu around 2020 - 2022 . 
  finally someone with more than two brain cells , i 've been saying this all along . 
  you do n't make the remaining members of a club comfortable by harshly punishing those who chose to leave , you just make the existing members edgy . 
  trading was continuing into last night in the us in eu time , do you even trade ? 
  i think not . 
  stay salty , i thrive on your tears . 
  it 's already recovering and increasing in price again , too late . 
  do n't base serious financial decisions on the butthurt you read on / r/europe . 
  it 's fake , the user @howgilb has been posting hundreds of these photoshopped messages all over his twitter for some reason ... 
  i think he 's an irish nationalist too . 
   ** what is article 7 ? 
  **  [ an eu infringement procedure to be used against member countries that have committed fundamental rights violations . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/hungary-eu-news-article-7-vote-poland-rule-of-law/ ) please explain what humans rights violations the uk has committed . 
  nobody likes a successful prison break , not even the remaining prisoners . 
  the eu speaks english because of us influence and the internet , just like you are speaking it here , so likely it will stay as the official language .
