oh yes the uk can freely block imports of cars too if it does n't get a favourable eu trade deal . 
  ! remindme 3 months [ did anything happen the ex-eu trade commissioner ? ], 
  this is nice daydreaming but the uk can easily retool it 's `` services '' to any part of the world , but germany will struggle to retool 30 % of it 's manufacturing industry away from the uk . 
  the uk may hurt but economies like germany will be fucked . 
  why do you think the german industry federation ( cdi ) was pushing for a full free trade deal within hours of brexit being announced ? 
  yeah , this is bullshit . 
  germany is going to shut down 30 % of it 's car manufacturing industry because an eu commissioner is butthurt about the uk leaving ? 
  do n't think so . 
  i guarantee she has an `` accident '' shortly . 
   ** why renzi 's latest bank rescue matters far beyond italy ** |  ** italian pm argues $ 40bn plan will solve a problem that his predecessors ducked in 2013 ** |  shares in italy 's embattled banks rallied on tuesday as investors were heartened that matteo renzi was eyeing a multibillion-euro injection of state capital into the sector 's weakest institutions . 
   should italy 's prime minister secure europe 's agreement for the $ 40bn plan , it would allow the country to carry out the kind of full-scale recapitalisation of its banking system that other eu countries undertook years ago . 
  the problem is that mr renzi 's rescue appears to be at odds with europe 's regulatory response to the 2008 financial crisis . 
   a central plank of that response was replacing the sort of taxpayer-funded bailouts that so angered voters during the eurozone crisis with a `` bail-in '' of bank creditors instead . 
  |  ** why are the bail-in rules important ? 
  ** |  the strict eu rules against state-backed rescues took years to negotiate and are so new they have barely been tested in a crisis with a major bank . 
  but they were an essential precondition to eurozone integration ; without these guarantees germany would not have accepted the risk-sharing involved in creating a banking union . 
   senior european officials fear mr renzi 's effort is , as one said , an `` opera buffa '' , putting off the deep-rooted reforms its lenders badly require , or a needs-must intervention that would shatter europe 's commitment to the new bail-in regime . 
   nicolas v\u00e9ron of the bruegel economic think-tank said the credibility of the eu 's post-crisis rule book is on the line . 
  `` this test is bigger than any than banking union has already passed , '' he said . 
  |  ** what is the italian problem ? 
  ** |  italy wants to recapitalise its troubled banks with state funds and buy bad loans that are straining lenders . 
   concerns are focused on the banking sector 's $ 200bn of gross non performing loans , known as `` sofferenze '' , of which about $ 85bn have not yet been written down . 
  the bad loans , built up during italy 's three-year recession and a decade of stagnation , are weighing on the banks ' already weak profitability and limiting their ability to lend . 
   mr renzi argues he is trying to solve a problem that his predecessors ducked in 2013 . 
  but since then , eu restrictions on aid to banks have been tightened -- a change that italian regulators were aware of well in advance . 
   italian politics also plays a part . 
  banca monte dei paschi di siena , italy 's third-largest bank by assets , is facing the biggest difficulties . 
  it happens to have close ties to mr renzi 's centre-left democratic party . 
  any restructuring would hit influential creditors and thousands of retail investors . 
  |  ** will rome win eu approval ? 
  ** |  to mount any rescue , mr renzi needs a waiver from european commission state-aid rules , and a legal route through the bail-in rules of the eu 's bank resolution and recovery directive -- something italy has tried and failed to secure in the past . 
   rome has seized on the market turmoil triggered by the brexit vote to restate its case on the grounds that `` financial stability '' is now threatened . 
  in brussels , many regard that claim as overblown . 
  `` what renzi asks for and what he gets may be very different , '' said one senior eurozone official . 
   berlin is also uneasy about abandoning the new bail-in rules . 
  but it is worried about italy 's banking system , and supports rome finding a way to clean-up it up . 
  pier carlo padoan , italy 's finance minister , is talking to wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , his german counterpart , about options for a so-called precautionary recapitalisation , a way to boost capital in solvent banks . 
  if state aid rules are waived , little or no bail-in of creditors is required . 
   while berlin remains sceptical , some eu officials and meps are not ruling out a deal , especially if markets take a bad turn . 
  `` while i can certainly not endorse the italian government trying to dodge banking union legislation , i can see where the problem is coming from , '' said markus ferber , a centre-right german mep . 
  `` a little more leeway on the commission side with regards to state-aid issues might be quite helpful when it comes to avoiding the next banking crisis , '' he added . 
  |  ** what is the downside ? 
  ** |  opponents of the capital injection say it breaks the spirit and letter of the rules , sets a dangerous precedent , and avoids tackling the deep structural problems plaguing the italian banking sector . 
  it might raise expectations of similar moves in portugal , for instance . 
   for italy , the question is whether a capital injection will ultimately address the deep malaise of 600 banks that operate on a business model that may no longer be viable . 
   `` ultimately to solve the problem losses will have to be allocated , there will have to be closures and mergers and fewer branches . 
  whatever happens this needs to be done , '' said one european regulator familiar with the discussions . 
  `` just fiddling with the rules wo n't make this go away . '', 
  statistically both the netherlands and france are much more eurosceptic than the uk , nothing is impossible . 
  it 's possible we see italy go bankrupt in the next few weeks , which is very likely now , germany today just veto it 's bank rescue plan . 
  the netherlands and france are going to be asked to pay 3-4x more money than they did for greece , and the netherlands is the per capita highest net contributor the eu budget already . 
  what a nice guy , not surprised most legit syrian 's i 've met are super honest . 
  my bet he 's / u/dclauzel trolling us with the french nationalism and semi-accurate translations . 
  i agree with your version of events , but the imf are saying greece 's debt situation is unsustainable , and will require a haircut this year , which basically means voluntary default . 
  i know for a fact germany wont accept a haircut , so where does that leave greece ? 
  depends where you live , in western europe it 's really not much money . 
  in the uk or germany to have a middle class retirement you need a portfolio of several millions . 
  because the language is known widely as castellano ? 
  banks love low regulation , they are n't going to paris or frankfurt or they 'd already be there . 
  they 'll go to the next most cost-effective most culturally and legally similar place : dublin . 
  ireland also has very close connections with the us which is perfect for clearing us dollars too . 
  the economist is reporting this too though , but for some reason / r/europe hates te . 
  it 's just an easy way to refer to the mostly conservative pp areas for people outside spain . 
  people know which areas speak castellano and are likely to be castile and vote pp . 
   no they would n't , ireland has never had an independent currency in it 's entire existence , and it has managed fine . 
  it 's a non-issue . 
  ireland had it 's own currency for over 100 years , first the saorst\u00e1t from 1927 to 1979 , and second the irish pound from 1979 to 1998 ... you could have found that out in 5 seconds on google , how embarrassing for you . 
   the eu is an unprecedented economic miracle in europe . 
  lol what ? 
  most pensioners have more than 100k , it 's not much money for a pensioner . 
  even working class pensioners should have more than that saved in liquid assets , ie cash . 
  i agree , but pegging to the british pound would be more useful for scotland in that scenario . 
  monaco does n't have oil reserves though and a huge functioning economy with it 's own international banking industry . 
  scotland would be fucked using the euro or even the british pound without being able to control the currency , such as print money or withdraw money from circulation and set interest rates . 
  scotland ca n't use the euro without joining the eu first , in order to even begin eu negotiations it has to be an independent country , which requires it to have it 's own currency . 
  it would only be temporary but necessary . 
  why are you talking about spanish debt ? 
  and this is why you should never ever ever give up your own currency folks . 
  spanish debt to gdp hit 100 % 2 weeks ago and is rising rapidly , greece also needs another bailout and the imf refuses to loan any more money to greece until germany agrees to a debt haircut which will fuck german and french banks . 
  i think everyone 's just waiting for the old people to die , wo n't be long now . 
  well he speaks for the pp which dominates most of central castile spain . 
   the only option is to call another indy referendum before the uk formally leaves the eu . 
  sturgeon ca n't even do this either , and as remainers keep reminding us `` referendums are only advisory '' . 
  those yes numbers are steadily dropping , incredibly unlikely to happen with those numbers . 
  i tried pointing this out as soon as pp won and got heavily downvoted , / r/europe does n't like reality . 
  it 's also good business , it 's profitable for both sides and a no-brainer really . 
  inb4 needs more money , spending increased 200 % under new labour whilst results barely got any better , however over the same time period the number of managers increased 450 % , we all know where `` more money '' goes , management . 
  acts of union 1707 & acts of union 1800, 
  constitutionally england and wales is the united kingdom , they ca n't leave without the united kingdom ceasing to exist . 
  what you 're suggesting is impossible . 
  it 's like if castellano ( central ) spain left spain and just left catalonia and basque country alone , spain would cease to exist . 
  or another real world example , when russia left the soviet union , the soviet union ceased to exist . 
  england and wales would remain the united kingdom , but essentially yes parliament could kick scotland , ni and gibraltar out of the union . 
  ni would want to remain in the uk though no matter what , there 's no way they 're leaving the uk without some genocide . 
  gibraltar is a similar story too , they want to remain in the eu but remain part of the uk no matter what even more . 
  infact for a while scottish independence was more popular in england than in scotland because of how much england subsidises the regions . 
  the uk was never in the top 3 anyway , according to most analysts merkel wants renzi in these meetings because hollande 's domestic political position is very weak and she needs more consensus . 
  the uk is the biggest consumer market in europe , whilst british people probably do over-exaggerate their penis size on an international level , we 'll see what german and french businesses order their governments to do over the next few months , i have a feeling many people here are going to be surprised and very salty . 
  also the economist said italy would inevitably have to do this all the way back in february , apparently this is n't even the beginning of italy 's problems . 
  so you ca n't be celtic if you only want local rulers ?
