wow, 
  did you know that most of them do n't want to be part of this piece of shit movement ? 
  this independence act is nothing but fraud, 
  tell me with what money they are going to create a country . 
  tell me . 
  they are going to be worse than greece . 
  not only does spain own most of the debt , but no one will lend money to a recently-developed country . 
  if they become independent ( which will not happen ) , they will crash and burn . 
  ok , then tell me how catalonia is going to pay its debt . 
  do you even know what the fuck they are voting ? 
  the yare n't voting for independence, 
  what do you mean by the `` catalans . '', 
  you are speaking as if the crisis is only affecting them . 
  catalans do n't get a `` i want to gtfo '' card just because they have a high gdp . 
  you are talking as if catalonia was held oppressed by spain, 
  did your mom drop you when you were a baby ? 
  cervantes was one of the greatest spanish writers . 
  his novel `` el quijote '' is one of the most influential novels , and it has inspired many western novels such as `` the three musketeers . '', 
  i say finding the remains of one of the most influetial and important authors of your country deserves some merit , even though it does n't bring anything new to the table . 
  yeah , because the republic did no wrongdoings ... 
  well from what i have seen catalan is being forced down people 's throats in catalonia . 
  now , catalu\u00f1a being part of spain , i find important that spanish is n't pushed more . 
  i 'm not saying that catalan should be banned , rather that people living in catalu\u00f1a should not be obligated to use catalan . 
  if catalan ends up dying as the result of this , then perhaps it 's for the best . 
  just use france as an example . 
  well the falange is a fascist party in spain , so you were implying that, 
  lol as if people who do n't like podemos are fascist right ? 
  it would be a mistake to call ciudadnos `` far right . '', 
  the only far right party in spain would be the falange . 
  about attacking minority langauges , i do n't think they are attacking minority languages , rather they are trying to promote spanish rather than local languages . 
  having been to barcelona , i can definitely advocate for this . 
  as if el mundo is not to be trusted ? 
  it 's equally belivable . 
  just give it a read and reply back , it explains the 15.000 million euro issue really well . 
  i suggest you read a book called `` los cuentos y las cuentas de la independencia . '', 
  it 's a nice read that nulifies the 15.000 m euros each year theory . 
  actually , there were only 2,305,290 votes ( catalonia has a population of 7,500,000 people ) . 
  furthermore , 16 year olds were able to vote . 
  you should also think that this `` referendum '' was not official and many people did not care about it ( hence the high percentage of people voting for yes-yes ) . 
  finally , non-spanish citizens that lived in catalonia could vote while catalan people that live in other regions of spain could not . 
  i could see how this referendum definitely came out supporting pro-independence parties . 
  `` thesaurus spam '', 
  sure . 
  if you count 47 % of catalans as a majority of catalans , you 're wrong . 
  btw , these were municipal elections , not `` voting for independence '' elections . 
  people do n't go to bullfights to see a bull get slaughtered . 
  every couple of months you guys talk about a referendum and gaining independence but nothing happens . 
  puigdemont only talked about the referendum to not get the boot from cup . 
  like the hundreds of previous times right lad ? 
  as if there is worse and better in terms of corruption . 
  i know but saying pp is the only corrupt party is bullshit, 
  it 's easy to forget how `` well '' psoe managed spain with zapatero . 
  just blame rajoy , right ? 
  podemos lost 1 million votes . 
  i ca n't see them doing better next elections . 
  and psoe and podemos are n't corrupt right ? 
  each region of spain has different culture , whether it 's andalusia or madrid . 
  while it 's true that the catalan language has suffered oppression by franco , i think enough time has passed allowing for spain to regenerate . 
  if it were n't for zapatero , who opened those old war wounds , we would be much better . 
  however , despite it being 40 years since franco died , people still say that catalan is oppressed which it is n't . 
  ah yes , madrid spends all the money . 
  madrid , or the central government , uses the money to fund different services that are good to the whole nation , even catalu\u00f1a , such as nato or new roads . 
  it 's like saying washington steals from states such as ca, 
  that 's bullshit . 
  the reason why catalu\u00f1a is in debt is because how piss poorly managed they are . 
  when they spend money on esteladas for a soccer match instead of paying the pharmacies and hospitals it 's not madrid 's fault . 
  the phrase `` espanya end roba '' is bullshit and many spaniards are tired of these types of lies . 
  staying in spain is n't killing your economy , it 's the poorly managed catalan government . 
  while it 's true that catalu\u00f1a generates a lot of income , it spends a lot . 
  catalan debt is pretty bad . 
  true . 
  luckily ciudadnos will vote no if pp tries to form government with these nationalist parties . 
  just the catalan government seeking attention to get more money . 
  nothing to see here . 
  well if liking bullfighting makes me digusting then so be it . 
  as someone who has travelled a lot , people do n't see us as backwards because of bullfighting . 
  i have met people who do n't like bullfighting , but they do n't think less of us . 
  and calling torture is your own opinion , as it is widely known in the bullfighting community that matadors who cleanly kill bulls are rewarded . 
  popular festivities luke san isidro and san german generate tons of revenue . 
  it 's bullfighting in smaller towns that depend more on subventions ( which have been going down ), 
  well if we are talking about subsidizing , let 's talk about spanish film industry , which is also subsidized and also makes less money . 
  the reason why these activities are subsidized is because these are part of spanish culture , whether it 's the film industry or bullfighting . 
  really popular . 
  bullfighting makes tons of revenue . 
  this is reddit , and seeing that it 's full of young liberals , they will try to convince you that only old people support it, 
  man seeing pp rise and every podemos suporter here cry is fueling me for the night, 
  sure , the spanish government is corrupt , but that does n't give catalonia a reason for independence . 
  i mean , the catalan government is n't that much cleaner . 
  i guess so . 
  the government in spain has been corrupt for a long time , and i guess i could see people linking that to fascism . 
  it 's just a weird analogy . 
  i think it has to do more with corruption rather than fascism . 
  same could be said of psoe, 
  yeah and that 's the problem , there is far too much government intervention . 
  entrepreneurship has gotten better over the years , but the fact that it costs a fortune to fire someone and to start a company is crazy . 
  if we want to regenerate , we need our people to go out and buy stuff we also need people to work , and pp has not done much to aide the cause . 
  they have helped big companies , but we need it to be more free . 
  they would n't happen because podemos supports the catalonia referendum and psoe would burn to the ground if that referendum were to pass . 
  you speak how spain needs an increase in taxes and how the government has to be more intervening . 
  honestly this is the worst thing that could happen right now if we want our economy to regenerate .
