really ? 
  most of the reaction i 've seen to the eu regarding microsoft or google is highly critical and negative on both sides of the atlantic . 
  ... for transactions that have no relation to the us at all . 
  if i sell my house in london , for what possible reason does the irs have any right to collect what i earn from that sale ? 
  i 'm an american who lives in the uk , does no business in the us and all earned income is from the uk . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the only reason countries signed into fatca was because the us would essentially make it a nightmare for them to have interactions with america at all . 
  none of them want to deal with the complete mess that is compliance , with which the irs offers next to no guidance and even lawmakers do n't know what 's required . 
  i did n't know that banking in switzerland was part of the us market . 
  tell that to the americans who live abroad whose accounts have been shut down because they 're a liability . 
  i think the problem stems more from the us ' very aggressive policies regarding what counts as their jurisdiction . 
  if you 're an american citizen , you 're required to pay taxes to the irs on worldwide income even if it 's not earned in the us ( they 'll even try to get a share of a home sale abroad ) ; that concept extends to financial regulation and corporate law as well , and plenty of europeans and people around the world dislike it immensely . 
  look at the fiasco that fatca has become for switzerland . 
  not likely to happen . 
  london has too much prominence in investment banking and currency trading as well as a level of international investment unrivalled globally due to location , preferential regulatory mechanisms , the english language , colonial ties to the commonwealth and connectivity across the world to be surpassed by frankfurt . 
  from a demographic standpoint , london is , i believe , the world 's most diverse major city and one of the fastest-growing of any mature economy . 
  our history , architecture , culture and contrasting past and future . 
  nowhere else has such a blend . 
  the hypocrisy from the american media on this is astounding . 
  lambasting europe as xenophobic and unwelcoming while ignoring its own border crisis and collapse of rule-of-law and immigration policies in order to secure democratic votes is just pathetic . 
  cutting the queue is punishable solely by silent indignation and judgement , unfortunately . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i ca n't vouch for germany , but there 's a not-so-insignificant number of muslims who actively retaliate against british culture . 
  / r/britishproblems, 
  north korea is technically still at war with south korea . 
  no , pretty sure that 's criminal . 
  the saudi arabia/uae/qatar flowchart : can they be used to build skyscrapers ? 
  yes : take 'em in and steal their passports . 
  no : [ smokes on private jet ], 
  username does not check out . 
  and for that i am eternally thankful . 
  at this rate even teresa may could probably beat corbyn in 2020 if she were somehow to become leader and she 's batshit crazy . 
  um i grew up in america and interns never got free stuff unless they worked at financial firms . 
  they 're already low ; the uk has always paid more into the eu than it receives even when you factor in the rebate . 
  because the czech republic also pays into the system . 
  how can germany legally and ethically say that it 's ok to take money paid for by czech people and withhold it depending on if other countries will acquiesce to them in spite of the fact that immigration outside of freedom of movement of eu citizens is a sovereign matter ? 
  i would say / r/anormaldayinrussia is meant more as light fun ; the subreddit is n't meant to be anti-russia or hateful . 
  american who now lives in the uk chiming in : that healthcare is usually the bare minimum and medical problems are the leading cause of bankruptcy in the us . 
  also , the idea that the us is the only strong economy right now is far-fetched . 
  the uk is growing at a very similar rate , for instance . 
  i appreciate that other members of / r/europe also appreciate community . 
  this is what concerns me . 
  say refugees are given eu citizenship through one country and then move to the uk for economic reasons , why should the uk government foot the bill for another country 's decisions that it disagrees with and absorption of new residents at an unprecedented level . 
  the housing shortage is severe enough here and our infrastructure is at the breaking point in london ; we can barely manage growth as it is . 
  i 'm all for skilled immigration decided at the national level , not for grandstanding to make a point and bringing in lower-skilled migrants who will add to existing wage suppression and require greater government support when so many british people can barely make ends meet . 
  if polly toynbee claims something , that means the opposite is the way to go . 
   it 's the new york times , ~ ~ people ~ ~ americans might be unaware of ~ ~ hungary 's ~ ~ other countries ' localisations . 
  ftfy, 
  99 % of falklands residents voted to remain part of the uk . 
  i 'm so sick of argentina ( particularly kirchner ) and now corbyn trying to defy them . 
  that 's largely due to roscos , which lease rolling stock at exorbitantly high rates . 
  the crown estate returns to the treasury somewhere along the lines of double the amount spent on the royal family . 
  although there are peculiarities about the actual ownership and relationship to the government of the crown estate , in and of itself they 're a money-maker . 
  zoning , if done right , can actually lead to good planning results , particularly in regards to upzoning and allowing greater density around transport nodes and requiring active street frontage . 
  i was just referencing his username for fun . 
  it was meant to be funny . 
  you sound like a butthurt romanian . 
  people love to call for rent control but it 's actually more damaging for lower-income and market-rate renters . 
  the majority of economists also believe that it 's a well-intentioned policy with bad outcomes . 
  dc is even worse for your sanity . 
  i used to live there and the people and holier-than-thou/self-righteous/know-everything attitude of politicos will drive you up the wall . 
  lancashire 's already a shitshow when it comes to fracking . 
  can you put them into identured labour by stealing their passports so that they can build another empty skyscraper ? 
  if yes , the gulf states want them . 
  if no , they do n't . 
  australia is actually that good of a place to live , though . 
  speaking as someone who left the us years ago and moved to the uk , the quality of life is n't good unless all you want is to be able to buy a mcmansion and drive an suv through hideous sprawl . 
  if i hear one more - exit portmanteau i will lose it . 
  apparently smoke breaks do n't fall into the calculations for gdp . 
  unlike a crossfitter , ireland does n't mention constantly how much it does crossfit . 
  could be worse ( looking at you , morecambe ) . 
  basically the only logical point between the two that i could think of . 
  but croydon is getting better !, 
  lots of investment coming in . 
  do n't forget lse !, 
  well in fairness all of that stuff happens on way too frequent of a basis ... 
  that 's exactly the point ; financial self-sufficiency is a near-necessary prerequisite for sustainable immigration inflows . 
  otherwise you end up like the us system , which is a mess . 
  `` i 've discovered this place called milton keynes . 
  i shall keep it secret so that others can be surprised by how dull it is . '', 
  per the supreme court , spending money is in fact an act of free expression . 
  only applies in the us but that 's the logic . 
  i have a very hard time believing that , but nevertheless do n't want british rail to return . 
  what would be useful is more transparency regarding fares and perhaps requiring a simplification of the fare system so that people can actually calculate costs rather than it being some complex matrix . 
  additionally , roscos are a huge burden on tocs ; allowing them to own their rolling stock or at least not enable roscos to overcharge would bring down costs . 
  i 'll take the lords any day over having a bunch of career mps all vying for votes . 
  next time i fly i want to hear `` and our pilot today is named ' i fuck horses ' '' when they talk about who 's responsible for the plane . 
  france once again shows that they are willing to abdicate their responsibility to get this situation under control . 
  american infrastructure is frighteningly bad ... and congress refuses to do anything about it . 
  thatcher did n't necessarily subscribe to austerity , nor did she implement it . 
  in fact , public expenditure under thatcher rose in real terms in many sectors ( notably health care ) . 
  she advocated monetarism and transferring nationalised industries to the private sector . 
  her eu approach was that the eu should really have been concerned with being an economic union and that it was beginning to become too intertwined outside of that . 
  her bruges speech is increasingly relevant in this regard :  we have not successfully rolled back the frontiers of the state in britain , only to see them re-imposed at a european level with a european super-state exercising a new dominance from brussels . 
  europeans understand ; their governments just do n't seem to care . 
   we 're trying to unite 28 different countries with their own cultures , past , languages and problems . 
  i 'm a little concerned by that . 
  i hope we 're not trying to fully unite europe , but rather provide the groundwork for enhanced economic growth , trade , infrastructure and so on instead of becoming a federal state . 
  i 'm thinking of thatcher 's bruges speech : `` europe will be stronger precisely because it has france as france , spain as spain , britain as britain , each with its own customs , traditions and identity . 
  it would be folly to try to fit them into some sort of identikit european personality . '',
