  i have a feeling that being at the centre of two world wars makes it a slightly troubled comparison . 
  it 's actually not . 
  ever looked at the challenges of building crossrail , for instance ? 
  it 's an engineering nightmare . 
  building infrastructure is easy when you have a blank slate , but not hundreds of years of structures that pose tons of difficulties . 
  then there 's the cost factor ... 
  german is an incredibly logical language , though . 
  `` krankenwagen '' = `` sick car '' = ambulance, 
  yeah , i meant non-native french students . 
  but quite honestly , i do n't think french is that difficult . 
  it 's not as simple as spanish by any stretch , but it has its own logic . 
  ca n't be more convoluted than english . 
  was writing something else at the same time ... i knew it looked off !, 
  a better one : `` un grand homme '' = a great man `` un homme grand '' = a tall man, 
  not really . 
  french students are often taught to learn `` bags , '' or beauty , age , goodness and size , as the types of adjectives that precede nouns along with those that have alternate meanings depending on placement . 
  it 's a rough simplification to say the least . 
  then again my first language is english so i probably still do n't fully notice every subtlety . 
  romance languages are a bit more nuanced than that , though . 
  in french , for instance , adjectives that are `` intrinsic '' descriptors tend to come before the noun , so you can have `` un genil chien '' meaning `` a nice dog . '', 
  where is gets kind of wonky is when you have adjectives that change their meaning on placement : `` mon ancien mari '' = my ex-husband `` une ancienne civilisation '' = an ancient civilisation, 
  way to be logical , german . 
  thanks , calum . 
  might as well go for some iffa nando 's . 
  well in english it 's iffa . 
  sounds like some chav slang for some reason . 
  but belgian french . 
  no , just no . 
  not just french , but romance languages in general due to how they place adjectives . 
  french : fonds mon\u00e9taire international spanish : fondo monetario internacional, 
  having lived in the us and now the uk , i can assure you that i 've dealt with my share of shitty television on both sides of the atlantic . 
  and the worst television i 've ever seen comes courtesy of continental europe . 
  god that stuff is horrid . 
  ... which is filmed mostly in europe anyway . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  cameron 's actually for remaining in the eu . 
  the referendum was about appeasing people so they would n't vote ukip . 
  bud lite = diluted cat piss, 
  sensible british people avoid magaluf , too !, 
  as a chelsea fan , no . 
  spanish and italian tourists on the tube ... ugh , just no . 
  is not miracle . 
  tax collectors hate him !, 
  i know there 's a country called germany , but where is this germoney of which you speak ? 
  lies . 
  100 % of dutch people speak english and they speak it better than we english do . 
  if ireland can do it , so can italy . 
  thanks !, 
  the ons website is n't always the most intuitive . 
  i 'd love to see a breakdown of job growth by region ; how are regional cities doing ? 
  it would be great if manchester , leeds , birmingham , glasgow and edinburgh are seeing spurts as well . 
  oh , i thought it was because we had crap eurovision entries . 
  well in terms of size yes but in terms of growth and general dynamism and investment the uk is really the standout . 
  conservatives . 
  they 're not perfect , but by far the best option . 
  the uk is now among the fastest-growing developed economies in the world , is once again a prime target for investment and is the powerhouse of europe . 
  the tories have also voiced strong support for infrastructure investment : hs2 , the northern hub and so on . 
  from a social perspective , the party leadership 's support for gay marriage , among other issues , has furthered cemented my vote . 
  however , if it were marginal labour vs lib dem , i 'd easily vote lib dem . 
  my views are actually slightly more in line with theirs ( barring wanting to use the euro and further eu integration ) . 
  good on airbus . 
  you can never have too many maps . 
  if by shittiest you mean best , then yes . 
  i 'd take london over geneva any day . 
  they 'd theoretically have to join at some point . 
  i do n't really know how you could take making a poem on a tv show about a world leader that 's obviously satirical and jocular in nature and equate it to harassment , which is the repetitive abusive conduct . 
  it 's contextual . 
  bullying is considered harassment or threatening/intimidating behaviour . 
  ridicule and satire are completely different . 
  can we please stop using `` racist '' like this ? 
  islam is not a race for fuck 's sake . 
  so because a country does n't agree with the direction of a supranational entity and decides to leave , your only choice is to cut it off entirely rather than create agreements in such a way as to adapt to new conditions ? 
  obama and the administration in general have been kind of arseholes to the uk . 
  they 've called france the us ' `` foremost ally , '' ridicule cameron in their leaked cables and have demonstrated signs of siding with argentina over the falklands . 
  i believe that there was even an incident in which someone in the administration said `` there 's nothing special about britain . '', 
  that 's cute coming from the same body that forced ireland into another referendum on the treaty of lisbon . 
  so much for democracy and self-determination . 
  too bad they ca n't do anything about actual , often violent , crimes being committed . 
  it 's called identity politics when it results in lower quality due to my feels rather than merit and ability . 
  dilma could finally redeem herself by cooperating with that . 
  crossrail will open in phases beginning late next year , with the main section opening in 2018 . 
  the other three are still in planning mode , although hs2 is making its way through the legislative process . 
  the budget released last week also placed money on crossrail 2 and hs3 to advance them through to the next stage . 
  at the local level , though , it 's not looking good . 
  most cities outside of london and manchester remain a fractured mess of operators with little improvement in sight . 
  tram schemes in bristol and leeds have faltered and at best they 'll get some bus improvements , while edinburgh and birmingham are expanding their networks at a snail 's pace and beyond their planned opening dates . 
  consider me envious from the uk . 
  we 've got a bunch of big developments ( crossrail , crossrail 2 , hs2 , hs3 and some electrification ) , but the political will is so wobbly and projects always seem get watered down . 
  laurence olivier and judi dench, 
  the uk always comes last . 
  we must regain our nul points from 2003 . 
  you know what would be awesome ? 
  staying out of other countries ' referenda . 
  you 're all schmucks . 
  the swiss use `` septante , '' `` huitante '' and `` nonante . '', 
  freer is perfectly acceptable . 
  i 'm originally from the us and the last thing i want to see is more sprawl . 
  it 's blighted the us and i 'd hate to see the uk go down the same road . 
  there 's plenty of infill opportunity but the planning codes and processes need updating . 
  and amongst major cities , london is about as green as it gets .
