  the media would go fucking wall to wall with coverage of it . 
  there would have been mass resignations of the officials who turned a blind eye to it . 
  take it from someone who used to live there : the media would n't say anything because it goes against a perceived narrative and they 're not bought off by people who 'd care to use it as a media weapon . 
  cable news there cares more about celebrities and random , useless minutiae than abdication of duty . 
  no one is held accountable in america unless they 're involved in a political sex scandal that has no bearing on anything that matters . 
  which i find odd considering that the fbi has admitted that they have no reliable information for vetting purposes , so that means that they 're going through what is an otherwise 18-month process with next to no data . 
  this always bothered me . 
  canada is bilingual ; what makes quebec think that it 's acceptable to marginalise anglophones ? 
  the oqlf is horrid . 
  while i would n't say that the british `` trust '' countries ( or even our own government ) , commonwealth and us ties are stronger in many cultural and governmental respects than with the eu . 
  the reception of visa-free residence throughout the commonwealth was relatively warmly received , whereas views on eu residency are more polarised , for instance . 
  well yes , they did have a tea party after all ... 
  when one of my first thoughts after hearing about paris was `` they 'll use this to ram through more mass surveillance , '' i knew that society was broken beyond repair . 
  / r/unitedkingdom actually believes that , though . 
  well as someone who 's experienced both i think i have some basis for that opinion . 
  i never said that the us is a shithole ; i actually want it to do well , but unfortunately a combination of attitudes such as yours and the inability of government to be a proactive enabler of growth rather than a means by which to provide contractors and lobbyists with billions in kickbacks at the expense of economic growth while education , infrastructure and health all remain below the standards seen in the rest of the developed world has made me lose hope that it can be reversed . 
  and yes , the uk * is * one of the greatest countries in the world . 
  no other country has had such a profound impact in terms of culture , language , law , history , education and commerce over the past 500 years . 
  ^ and that attitude is expressly why i left : self-righteous ignorance and dismissal of the possibility that other places may surpass the us in some respects . 
  wait what ? 
  nothing to be proud of ? 
  the uk is home to the world 's most important financial centre , is a dominant global force in culture and entertainment , remains the focal point of the commonwealth , is a major player in european and international affairs and is investing in infrastructure at a far greater rate than the us . 
  i grew up in the us but live in london now . 
  quality of life here is infinitely better , it 's not marked by constant violence , our political system for all its faults is nowhere near as dysfunctional or corrupt as congress , location is spot-on , history is unparalleled and natural beauty is amongst the most spectacular in the world . 
  the us is great if you want to pay out of your ass for a mcmansion and drive a gas-guzzling suv around highways that are falling apart and live in cookie-cutter suburbs with monotonous strip malls while having presidential debates that are both a laughing stock and depressing for a country of 315m people . 
  you could n't pay me to move back . 
  the uk has near-zero inflation due to a dramatic drop in energy prices ; this is also the case in the us , canada and many other developed countries . 
  for economic growth , this is a good thing because real wage increases are far exceeding the cost of goods and therefore driving greater discretionary spending on other goods and services . 
  deep-dish is really just a casserole with pizza ingredients . 
  chicagoans hate the truth . 
  talk about overcoming hurdles . 
  the uk is probably one of the best countries in europe ( and better ones globally ) at integrating immigrants . 
  but take it from an american who lives in the uk : just because the us is somewhat more pro-immigrant does n't mean that they necessarily assimilate as well . 
  `` you 'll feel dirty and you 'll damn well like it . '', 
  - theresa may, 
  [ yeah , it 's not like the british also had india , canada , australia , new zealand , hong kong , pakistan , bangladesh , south africa , singapore and malaysia , among other colonies . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png ) the us is not the sole reason that english is now the global lingua franca . 
  it just helped cement it . 
  legitimate question : since uber does n't ply for rides ( that is , you have to request one through the app and be picked up at a designated point by a specific driver ) , does n't it not qualify as a taxi ? 
  that 's been a big source of contention over whether or not they 're actually breaking the law . 
  no they 're not . 
  uber is not a taxi service expressly because it is not for hire/ply on site , which is the fundamental characteristic of a taxi . 
  it 's an on-demand private hire . 
  i 'm glad that other countries have a variant of the carbuncle cup . 
  it 's basically the sequel to the daily show once it got preachy . 
  i appreciate that he goes into details but the bias is pretty obvious ; in fairness , it 's a comedy show and not actual news so i guess i do n't need to be * as * critical ... 
  agreed . 
  eea/efta would have next to no effect on the economy and would satisfy remainers like me as well as the more economically focused leavers . 
  keeps the majority intact and may can come out of it saying that she fulfilled her responsibility . 
  this is true , and as a remainer i certainly do n't disagree . 
  my point is more that the uk is structurally and exception to europe , so i do n't know if it 's a good template to follow . 
   all it takes is the uk to flourish and prosper outside the eu . 
  it 's a tall order . 
  but we will find out . 
  i 'm not so sure if the uk is a good example for this ; it 's not a typical eu country by any means . 
  for one , it 's significantly larger with a much more mature economy , but also it has the world 's largest financial centre , common law , the english language and a bunch of other characteristics that are `` different '' , for a lack of a better word . 
  if the uk does succeed post-brexit , i 'm not sure how much of it would be not being in the eu so much as scalar and uk-specific benefits . 
  i get that it 's antagonistic , but a hate crime charge for this is absurd . 
  i ca n't imagine that someone would be that harmed by it . 
  yes, 
  no one is going to replace london for one simple reason : economics of scale . 
  london is absolutely massive in comparison to its competitors , particularly in regard to the infrastructure established for the financial sector and existing business regulation combined with common law , the english language and established talent pool . 
  even new york has a few serious problems that make me question how much it 'll stand to benefit from the uk leaving the eu , in particular very burdensome regulation , location and infrastructure issues . 
  new york also does n't have much in the way of room to grow with the additional problems regarding us tax law and multiple layers of tax . 
  til switzerland is n't part of europe . 
  it 's not the eu 's responsibility until ( or even if at this point ) the uk triggers article 50 . 
  this is an internal matter at the moment . 
  no , the british voted in a non-binding referendum on leaving the eu , not europe . 
  until every alternative is assessed , negotiating teams are built and further understanding of the ramifications of leaving are determined , the uk has no obligation to start the withdrawal process . 
  pretty much the same view as the uk . 
  if this is actually the case , sounds like she 's setting it up purposefully for court action that would put a halt to the process . 
  then she can say she tried and was blocked , so everything goes back to status quo . 
  i hope this is the case . 
  it 'll most certainly remain a reserve currency . 
  it 's still 90bp higher as a share of all reserve currencies than the next highest ( the yen ) . 
  no one calls new yorkers specifically `` yanks . '', 
  it 's either 1 ) yankees as the baseball team or 2 ) a snide southern term for northerners . 
  the us never appropriated `` america . '', 
  america does n't refer to a landmass in english the way it does in other languages . 
  especially because it treats everyone in the uk the same . 
  i did n't want to leave the eu , nor did 48 % of the british and 70 % + of londoners . 
  trade ( the port of singapore is massive ) and ridiculously low taxes as well as the pre-eminent hub for south east asian investment and financial activities . 
   the eu is no longer the largest market in the world now that the uk is leaving . 
  new york does not do finance just for the us , it does global finance . 
  this is true , * but * new york is so large expressly because it has the world 's largest national economy behind it . 
  london is more global but benefits from a similar setup within europe in that it 's the gateway to a continent . 
  criticism of opting out of the euro never made sense to me . 
  the uk had no reason to adopt it and the pound has always been a disproportionately important reserve currency . 
  seeing the problems in the eurozone makes me a bit relieved that it was n't adopted . 
  the uk has a number of major opt-outs and exemptions that would be lost , namely not using the euro and the rebate . 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  it sounded like talking with juncker was implying article 50 being set in motion . 
  either way , this is the last thing i want to see rushed . 
  this seems way too rushed for something so complex . 
  the uk parliament needs to discuss this and potentially vote on it before any further communication with the eu . 
  dutch is drunk german to me , just as portuguese is drunk spanish . 
  sovereignty i 'm not pro-brexit ( and not really pro-eu in its current form either ) , but it 's a very valid argument . 
  if you do n't want `` an ever closer union '' or think that overreach has gone too far , it 's a perfectly fair opinion and probably the only shot to stop it . 
  there 's a few other ones , particularly centralisation of economic matters and fundamental issues surrounding a top-down approach to governance across an insanely varied socioeconomic spectrum , but sovereignty is the key one . 
  ubi is n't means-tested .
