  new york , tokyo , paris , los angeles et al do n't even come close . 
  that 's why we need to keep our greenbelt land intact ; it 's an invaluable resource . 
  rent control does n't work and i 'm sick of labour proposing it more in london . 
  all it will do is take units off the market and push up rents for everyone else even more . 
  you 're targeting a very , very select group of people and expecting that it will somehow have enough meaningful change to alter travel volumes . 
  that makes no sense . 
  well that flight would operate irrespective of one passenger . 
  introducing this type of vat would only actually benefit the environment if it caused a mass change in travel patterns . 
  as it stands , this small group of people is n't enough to effect that change and is therefore punitive . 
  also , for being `` visa-free , '' the whole esta fee is pretty ridiculous . 
  and the best part of it ? 
  esta money goes towards tourism advertising . 
  because it 's not like the us needs to advertise to people who already decided to go there ... 
  finance and trade . 
  the netherlands is such a hidden player in europe . 
  people often think of the uk , germany and france as being dominant , which is true in many ways , but from an economic perspective , the netherlands is a powerhouse . 
  best subreddit discovery since / r/fellowkids . 
  and pig latin . 
  inciting violence has a very strict definition in the us , largely limited to actively stoking an existing situation that would cause a riot . 
  it 's not hate speech , just as the other main exception to the first amendment ( clear and present danger ) is n't either . 
  boris island is great in theory , but the practical aspects of it are the problem . 
  it 's not well located and means that the majority of london would have to cross the metro area to get to it , there 's a whole economy that 's grown up around heathrow ( uxbridge and the m4 corridor ) , higher levels of dense fog than elsewhere in the south east will cause delays , no connection to hs2 due to the lack of an hs1/hs2 link to bypass euston and so on . 
  i 'd personally prefer a new runway at heathrow and a new one at gatwick with a dedicated high-speed rail link paralleling the m25 , but that wo n't happen . 
  his constituency is a safe labour seat , though ( islington north ) . 
  i ca n't imagine finsbury park and holloway as neighbourhoods that would vote any other way irrespective of the candidate . 
  can we please exile diane abbott to some random island and never hear from her again ? 
  he 's against the third runway . 
  although it 's not the ideal solution , it 's the only somewhat practical way of increasing air capacity in the region . 
  i 'm a tory but this does n't surprise me in the least . 
  zac goldsmith is the epitome of posh richmond residents ; i do n't think his appeal is particularly great outside the sw postcode area . 
  thank you . 
  the eu was always an economic/trade project in the eyes of the uk and never meant to be a quasi-federal supranational state . 
   regions that have integrated many migrants in the past are prosperous today , but integration only works if the state does n't lose control , and germany at present has lost control . 
  of course there is a basic human right to asylum , but without an upper limit - enforced , if necessary , with border controls - it will be almost impossible to find a way out of the crisis . 
  hit the nail on the head right there . 
  mismanagement has only made this an even bigger quagmire to get out of . 
  in fairness , st petersburg was russia 's capital for a long time . 
  i 'd go with bristol . 
  edinburgh 's weather brings it down for me . 
  that 's still 2.0 pc annualised , which is better than much of western europe . 
  i mentioned in another reply that i grew up in new york city and spent plenty of time in new jersey . 
  the roads in new jersey are somewhat better than average , but the point was aimed nationally . 
  it 's a reference to a computer game from my childhood , but yes . 
  i poorly worded that ; `` going for the best '' or `` getting things done '' would probably be more accurate . 
  you have died of dysentery . 
  again , totally agreed with you on this . 
  that 's what makes the whole thing such a pain ; there was a time when the us was the best at innovating . 
  go a few miles farther west and you 're in some of the most expensive suburbs in the country . 
  it 's a state of contrasts . 
  i 100 % agree with you and am disgusted by the lack of investment whenever i go back to the us . 
  but it 's not really shocking at all : the american way is to keep coming up with band-aid solutions that work in the short term but exacerbate problems farther out . 
  new york can barely get the second avenue subway , a one-station extension of the 7 and the wtc hub completed over the span of a decade and meanwhile in london we 're getting crossrail , thameslink and wholesale resignalling and upgrades of most tube lines , the northern line extension and crossrail 2 in advanced planning phases . 
  complain about heathrow ? 
  have fun dealing with jfk , newark or laguardia . 
  take a taxi in new york ? 
  it 'll be insanely bumpy because the roads are a patchy mess . 
  the whole thing is infuriating ... and it 's repeated across the us . 
  it 's fascinating/saddening . 
  i 'd actually rather have indirect tax instead of a high income tax , if only because high income taxes can be subverted by being paid in assets or capital such as shares rather than salaried income . 
  additionally , indirect tax is adjustable based on spending and lifestyle habits and can be used to influence them and fund related services , such as cigarette tax revenues going towards the nhs or the like . 
  i grew up in the new york area ; i know all too well the tolls on the turnpike and the parkway ( and really up and down 95 in general ) . 
  [ that said , the american society of civil engineers ' annual report gave the us a d average for roads and estimates that 32pc of road miles are in `` mediocre or poor condition . 
  '' ] ( http://www.infrastructurereportcard.org/a/#p/roads/conditions-and-capacity ), 
  new jersey is even weirder because it has no gas tax . 
  even at the federal level , though , it 's just 18.4 cents per gallon and has n't been raised since 1993 and is n't adjusted for inflation . 
  as a result , the us is essentially broke when it comes to infrastructure funding from the feds and states do n't have enough money to compensate , so roads are falling apart and public transport is lacking to say the least . 
  they do it at whole foods in the us now . 
  we ca n't have a discussion about velazquez without mentioning the masterpiece that is las meninas . 
  not when an inch of snow falls and it shuts down the airport ( looking at you , heathrow ) . 
  that said , the netherlands really flies under the radar in terms of europe 's economy . 
  it 's a powerhouse but you never think of it when it 's sandwiched between the uk and germany ( and france on sheer size ) . 
   its elected by the parliament . 
  the same way prime minister cameon cabinet has been elected by the parliament and the same way most of the laws in british parliament are proposed by government . 
  cameron is n't elected by parliament ; he leads the largest party in the house of commons . 
  by tradition , this makes him the prime minister . 
  this is known by all voters going into the election and is n't anti-democratic by any stretch . 
  the london-centric model has largely been derided in the uk and is becoming more and more decentralised with the localism act as well as urban devolution . 
  further integration of the eu by definition requires more centralised planning , bureaucracy and top-down edicts . 
  i did n't know that i needed that subreddit until now . 
  that 's not trickle-down economics ; that 's a fundamental tenet of economics . 
  lower unemployment leads to greater competition of supply ( labour ) , which in turn pushes up wages . 
  trickle-down economics is a tax concept that is entirely irrelevant to this . 
  what ? 
  a lower unemployment rate combined with an increasing number of job positions and corporate expansion means that employers are competing for workers , in turn pushing wages up . 
  we 're at the point in the economic cycle where workers benefit the most . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  is there inequality in the uk ? 
  absolutely , but it 's not some sort of a feudal society in which everyone is starving and one lord has all the food and throwing scraps around . 
  as it stands , it 's one of the better-performing developed economies at the moment and is a top destination for intra-eu migration expressly because there 's more opportunity . 
  wages are up 2.0 pc in the uk ( 2.4 pc if including bonuses ) and inflation is basically nil . 
  the situation that you 're describing is n't happening . 
  so you 'd rather more people not have jobs that contribute to the national economy and longer-term prosperity and instead suck off the teet of government because some things in life are n't fair ? 
  way to deny hard-working people the opportunities to advance themselves . 
  they rebuilt it to the old blueprints from what i understand . 
  corporations do n't pay taxes ; those costs are passed along to the consumer . 
  but you have to do work by filling out paperwork !, 
  beetham tower is beautiful , so i 'll give it a pass . 
  too bad so much of what 's going up in manchester is n't matching it from an architectural standpoint . 
  / r/unitedkingdom would still find a way to blame the tories . 
   what i 've never understood about that is that if this happened in the us or canada , it 'd be the scandal to end all scandals .
