  wow , it 's twice as poor as albania . 
  that 's some africa country level of poverty . 
  tbf though they eastern germans did a pretty good job on their entire border . 
  what other class are you talking about ? 
  i ca n't think of too many benefits except for having a chief physician coming to you and having your own single bed room in hospital, 
  coal is not really cheap if you take into account the massive externalities it is causing, 
  the donald has half a million subscribers, 
  the fuck you are talking about , the topic was about turkey not germany, 
  you make no sense, 
  fillion - macron would france actually give a choice instead of the reluctant voting for the guy who is not the fascist but otherwise a fuck face, 
  then, 
  why ? 
   actually this is completely out of question how is this completely out of the question ? 
  they are only a 2.6 % gain / lose away from that, 
  i am not too sure about that, 
  how did he redefine it ? 
  then maybe you should go out more because it definitely happens . 
  basically, 
  it 's not that dangerous as long as you do n't get anything in your eye . 
  do n't know but i saw this behaviour from small german cities with close to no migrants to london . 
  i mean ... 
  i did it myself though only with my friends . 
  look i am as critical of muslim immigration as the next guy , but if you seriously want to argue that none of the natives pulls that shit on nye , you must haves spend nye in the basement too often , because i can absolutely guarantee you they do . 
  i 've celebrated nye everywhere from small german towns to the french country side to london and every time there is a larger crowd , there will be some idiots throwing stuff in the crowd and those people came from all backgrounds . 
  hell , i 've pulled that shit myself when i was younger with friends and i am as german as they come . 
  that 's not true . 
  even when germany rebuil its bombed down cities , it went back to the old rats nest . 
  not sure why though, 
  no parks in la ? 
  i thought that was march ? 
  was it moved again ? 
   i dunno how much you follow french politics . 
  there 's a guy named jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon he was the 4th person in the last presidential election , and has a significant support and weight in french politics . 
  this guy is as anti-eu as it gets , most of his programme regarding the eu is very very similar to marine lepen 's before 2011 . 
  ( in 2011 since people were afraid of marine lepen 's anti-eu policy , she soften a lot her policies towards the eu and the eurozone before the 2012 presidential election . ), 
  so you are more worried about some radical left wing guy who did n't evn get 10 % of the votes than , you know , le penn who literally said she wants to leave the eu and is much more popular ? 
  sorry that d oes n't make much sense too me . 
   inside the front national , some people start accepting the euro ( mostly marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen ) and marine le pen has considerably backed off on the topic . 
  she now says that she wants to hold a referendum on whether or not keeping the single currency . 
  le penn just had an interview where she said she would want to leave nato and the eu . 
  of course , she is saying that she will have an referendum about it ( there is no other legal way for france to leave ) but her intentions are pretty clear . 
  the same is true for other far right wingers like wilders or that danish guy . 
  there is no far left party that has any significant popularity who wants to leave the eu . 
  especially not in france . 
  how , as a european federalist , you are more afraid of the left than the right in the context is beyond me . 
  the far-left * and * the far-right hate the euro equally . 
  i once had an archaeologist telling me that the balkans are the most violent region in the europe historically speaking . 
  i am not sure if it 's true , but i would n't be suprised by it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there are only three polls taken after the disaster and insa is actually the institute who was the closest to the last three state elections . 
  correct . 
  just according to one institute . 
  the other saw her polling worst in years . 
  makes sense if you think about it . 
  that 's a big maybe though . 
  with the exception of italy i never been to a european country where people foreign language skills where so bad . 
  even in china i found more young people speaking english than in spain, 
  auschwitz was never in germany, 
  i mean , really ? 
  na he would have crushed the rebels . 
  goodbye welfare , goodbye universal healthcare , goodbye free education , goodbye unions , goodbye worker protection laws , hello neo liberal script labour camps . 
  i think i pass on your neo feudalistic vision disguised as libertarianism, 
   they can continue caring , so long as they do not try to get in the way of other people exercising their freedom to pursue the best opportunity for themselves . 
  that basically the entire point why the government exists though, 
  yeah but that 's not what this is about . 
  it 's about the effects of doctors leaving on the people remaining in bosnia . 
  the ring is shit but the underground is solid . 
  pretty much in the top 10 of capital cities for me . 
  ca n't beat tokyo of course , but then again nobody tries to grope my ass . 
  somebody lived long enough to become a villian . 
  lol for that kind of money , i 'd get a flat in germany and register the car there . 
  i think you need a safe space mate . 
  oh yeah the humanity of giving money to a grieving family that just lost their only earner . 
  how cruel the world is, 
  who gives a shit if you are right ? 
  guy is dead and died a unneccessary dead even if he was n't able to play the hero . 
  i did n't know it was warsaw okay it still looks like your normal european city, 
  aww shame , i wanted to go to portugal next year . 
   transportation costs , obviously . 
  it 's cheaper to ship the cars from portugal to wherever than transport them by train from germany . 
  cool , i ordered the only book of him that is available in german . 
  ( to chicago and back ), 
  cool then i am very special, 
  switzerland women even hae that ' i work in a bank / for an insurance ' face , lol . 
  i love poland too , but that just look like any inner central european city that was n't destroyed in the war . 
  naa that feud is going way back . 
  anti americanism goes back to the 60s and the student revolts . 
  one thing france and the uk have in common ; they do n't like france, 
  virtually every syrian that has come to germany has violated various crimes related to foreigner law . 
  it is neither useful nor honest to count them as ` normal ' crimes because it tells you nothing about whether they commit real crime . 
  as far as i am aware it is not 100 % clear what happened in the cabine and whether he stopped the driver or not . 
  another version i heard was that the lkw got tangled up in electrical cables , which pulled it to the side, 
   but growth for the us is greater than that of europe . 
  unemployment is doing extremely well . 
  under trump , the one good thing he will likely be able to do is to create millions of jobs thanks to his coming trade war with china . 
  this is not going to happen and if it happen it will come with an extreme raise in prices , which will make europe more competetive as we will continue to buy stuff in china . 
  click on the red donation button ( wesprzyi ) then type in the amount you want to spend , your message and your name , click the yellow continue button and then on the next pae you 'll find varios payment methods, 
  fyi you can also donate via paypal when following the link, 
  they are technically correct, 
  donated 25 $,
