  i am gon na need a source for that claim . 
  as far as i am aware the usa by far is the worst when it comes to distribution of new income . 
  growth that almost exclusively is concentrating in the top 5 % while the rest is getting poorer and more unequal . 
  the same is true for the usa or all western countries though, 
  in the last ten years ? 
  germany , the uk and spain all had several islamic terror attacks in the past . 
  well italy is the only major european country without terror attack so far, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  dude , i have nothing against poland or eastern europe , but pis is violating the basic rule of law and they are going down the same route as russia and turkey . 
  this ca n't be tolerated . 
  get a government that is not secretly trying to abolish democracy and nobody cares, 
  there were 9 terror attempts last month in europe and 8 of them got stopped . 
  you ca n't catch them all, 
  the expression behaving like an adult is a special pet peeve of mine . 
  it implies some kind of uber rationality and professionalism that does n't exist in reality . 
  after all it were adults who started the holocaust and adults who burned children as witches in the 16th century . 
  the rule of law = a law . 
  the polish government infringed and violated the indepency of the supreme court among many other things . 
  i live in berlin and i simply did n't care . 
  it 's a big city and shit happens . 
  no , you can change the law , you can not , however , violate the rule of law . 
  if you do n't know what that means , i suggest googling it . 
  it does not mean ` change the law ', 
  vote for whoever you want , but if you violate the rule of law and thus one of the basic principles of the eu , you are getting punished . 
  do n't want that ? 
  feel free to leave . 
  poland must be punished for violating the rule of law, 
   the eu is not an investment club , but also a political union with common values and principles . 
  if you violate those values and principles on a fundemental level , you ca n't be part of it . 
  violating the rule of law is not doing something different , it 's a violating of everything the eu stands for, 
  i do n't but that 's completely besides the point . 
  the eu is not an investment club , but also a political union with common values and principles . 
  if you violate those values and principles on a fundemental level , you ca n't be part of it . 
  i repeat myself ; the eu had a solution , poland opposed ,, 
  yeah of fucking course it was the key element of the solution to relief pressure from italy and greece . 
  without relocation the refugees are stuck there . 
  what exactly is poland proposing we should do with them ? 
  how is poland helping italy and greece helping with the situation ? 
  the fact that you are refusing to answer those question says it all . 
   how exactly do you force them to stay in poorer eu countries , if they want to move to richer ones anyways ? 
  register them in a europe wide databank and deport them as soon as they are discovered in another country . 
  refuse any kind of social benefits . 
  it 's not that hard . 
   and it was western europe that had thrown eastern europe into poverty and oblivion in jalta and postdam . 
  in return for fighting your `` rich also because of forced labour '' country . 
  wan na continue this moronic thread ? 
  and how is that exactly related to the fact , that it were eastern europeans who were illegaly immigrating to the west not to long ago ? 
  you do realize that what you are suggesting is basically declaring war on turkey , libya and marroco , right ? 
  it would certainly help to relief pressure from italy and greece . 
  the eu had a plan and that was relocation of the refugees in greece , increased deportation and a deal with turkey . 
  poland refused the comply with a key element of the plan and offered no alternative . 
  this is the reality of the situation . 
  again , i am asking you , poland refused to compley with the key element of the solution and then offered no alternative . 
  what did poland offer as an alternative to the solution they rejected ? 
  bullshit , the number of migrants started to decrease because of fucking winter . 
  if poland can not follow the most basic rules of the eu and comply with the rule of law , maybe it should n't be in the eu . 
  there is no point of having a country in the union that is actively sabotaging the very principle of it . 
  if every country would have taken in migrants , one million would be absolutely nothing in the grand scheme of thing . 
  that is not even 0.25 % of the entire population of europe . 
   perhaps few should be shot , or maybe it would be enough for naval vessels to turn them around . 
  western europe should have suggested that when it was eastern europeans illegally migrating to the west not to long ago . 
  how the fuck do you return them to these beaches when those beaches are inside the national borders of another country that is rejecting them back and also wo n't allow you to just sail through it 's territorial waters ? 
  closing the balkan route only lead to refugees getting stuck in greece . 
  the turkey deal was the prerequisite of solving this particular aspect of the crisis . 
  now even if there was n't a problem with abolishing the convention of human rights , you still have n't answered the question , on what to do with the refugees that nobody takes back ? 
  turkey or libanon are not going to allow that you dump another million refugees on them when they are already taking care of millions . 
  you want to charter military maschines and have them jump out over syria ? 
  how exactly do you keep a sea border tight ? 
  how exactly are you stopping boats from coming in except from shooting them ? 
  the only way to stop them was to cut a deal with turkey to take them back and that 's exactly what angela merkel did . 
  which did shit all to solve the crisis and just shifted the problem to somewhere else . 
  i did n't ask about random people on the internet , i asked about what poland did . 
  what exactly did pis do to help solving the refugee crisis ? 
  to reliefpressure from italy and greece ? 
  what exactly are pis suggestions dealing with the refugees in greece ? 
  bitch about angela merkel all you want , she made the deal with turkey that drastically reduced the number of refugees coming in and it was also germany who took in the refugees that were already here and overrunning eastern europe when poland did shit all but cry about evil muslims . 
  how did greece make the refugee crisis ? 
  or germany ? 
  are you still believing in the meme that the refugee crisis would n't have happened without angela merkel ` inviting ' them ? 
  how much money did poland send to greece ? 
  how much personal ? 
  what exactly did poland do to solve the refugee crisis except for constantly bitching around ? 
  did poland do anything to relieve greece or italy ? 
  how exactly do you redirect them to the refugee camps in the region when the countries they are coming from are not taking them back and you would also be violating the human right convention and several rulings of the european court for human rights ? 
  well you made the bed , now you have to sleep in it . 
  then you should n't have any problem finding a reputable law expert backing you up ? 
  i am not sure too many would be sad about poland leaving . 
  yeah you are right , one requirment for the free monez is to at least uphold the basic rules of the eu . 
  and , you know , abolishing the rule of law . 
  and what exactly are we supposed to do with the refugee in greece if not distribute them over the eu ? 
  yeah because neither china nor saudi arabia are part of the eu . 
  poland is threatening the stability by undermining the rule of law . 
  it were normal people who voted in pis and it will be normal people who will vote them out . 
   n fact if only the white vote was counted trump wouldve have won by more than 80 % . 
  uhm that 's absolutely not true . 
  [ trump recieved 56 % of the white vote . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/09/white-voters-victory-donald-trump-exit-polls ) and the only group of white people who did n't vote in majority for trump were college educated women . 
  that 's a shitty plan considering that eight ( ! ), 
  planned terror attacks were stopped last month alone . 
  europe cna cope with the occasional terror attack , but a terror attack every week would get us on the knees .
