  there has to be a balance between freedom and security because you ca n't have freedom without security . 
  i am in berlin and suprisingly ... nobody really cares here . 
  the city feel like it always does . 
  nobody of my friends have reconsidered his plans . 
  the christmas markets are full as ever . 
  i do n't even hear people in the underground talking about it . 
  the guy is still at large and it 's like the event is already forgotten . 
  very strange . 
  riioghhhhhht nobody ever talked about getting back 350 million pounds a week or anything, 
  cool name one nationalist right wing populist party in europe right now that did not go full authoritarianism, 
  feel free to name a country that was run by nationalists with sufficent power who not immediatly started to work on abolishing democracy . 
  poland , hungary , russia , turkey ... it 's always the same happening . 
  i could also point out to russia , poland , turkey , hungary with their nationalist parties working hard on or having already abolished democracy . 
  nationalism and authoritarianism go hand in hand and one will always lead to the other . 
  the eu wo n't stop authoritarianism from returning , but it 's a pretty good safe guard against it . 
  except that russia is also threatening several eu memberstates on a regular base and is actively trying to abolish the eu . 
  russia is a hostile nation and should be threated as such . 
  small businesses in the eu are not nearly suffering as much as russian businesses . 
  the thing about nationalists ; they tend to get themselves democratically elected , then abolish the very same democracy and then go to war with each other ( * cough * hitler * cough * ), 
  to repeat myself , even if you leave historical indicators aside , the theory you are presenting has been proven over and over wrong , not only right now with russia , but many times in the past as well . 
  claiming the assumption that has not held up in the past and presents , somehow will come true in the future , is simply not a very convincing argument . 
  especially since nationalists are mobilzing against the very principle of the paradigma ( globalism and interconnected economies ) you are claiming would prevent war . 
  you do realize that 's virtually the same thing people said before ww1 , right ? 
  i mean , we already witnessed how this theory fails in reality with russia . 
  russia was hit hard by economic senction yet that still did not stop them from invading ukraine . 
  if by juvenile you mean historical aware , i agree . 
   northern ireland also chose to stay within the european union . 
  they will leave as part of the uk though, 
  russia attacked a sovereign european country and is flexing is muscle all the time . 
  this should not go unpunished . 
  nationalists gon na hook up to destroy the eu so they can go back killing each other again . 
  god you postfactic people are annoying, 
  why wo n't the right work with wilders, 
  sorry but i are full of shit and have never read the a study about integration in your life . 
  virtually every study about about topic stresses how important education is for [ integration ] ( https://www.google.de/url?q=https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/sep/18/early-education-key-migrant-children-thrive-integration&amp;sa=u&amp;ved=0ahukewjdxycc8_7qahwonlakhwg9bfcqfggzmam&amp;sig2=lia8mrskb1di99yxtqcftq&amp;usg=afqjcnhbc8ohnb_-4qfn84r-f8n5sokmig ) . 
  show me a single study from a respectable and recognized institute that claims that education is not important for integration and i pay you 1000 $ not only that but even if we leave education aside , you completely ignore that turkish people perform much worse in inter ethnic relationships than virtually every other minority . 
  shut up burger . 
  i bet you have n't been in europe even once, 
  did you just ignore everything else i said to cherry pick those sentences out of context ? 
  all studies to this topic link education to integration . 
  more educated people tend to adopt the values of the host countries faster , mingle with the native mores etc. 
  generally speaking its easier to integrate when you work and study together with the natives for which education is a requirement and yes , you can be successful without being integrated , but the probability for that is the low . 
  education is inherently linked to your success in life and thus education by itself is a pretty good marker for integration because how deeply it is related to other markers such as unemployment , income and eventually adopted values and connection with the natives . 
  the more poor people are the worst they are integrated usually . 
  leaving this aside though your claim that all minorities perform equally is objectively not true and goes against all findings of the integrationstudien . 
  if you want to take into account socio-economic backgrounds of those who have migrated , vietnamese and turkish people are surprisingly equal . 
  both groups came to germany as unqualified workers for the factories , both came from a very poor background and both had tremendous problems of integrating in the germany society in th beginning . 
  difference is though that now the vietnam doing tremendously better in almost all fields than turkish including inter - ethnic relationships . 
  for example almost 50 % of turkish people have no personal relationship to german native people yet that 's only the for 22 % of vietnamese ( and 16 % of russians , 12 % of polish , 9 % of italians ) . 
  this is a huge difference and ca n't just be explained with socio economic background . 
  i am really not sure why you refuse to acknowledge that native culture plays a role here . 
  every turkish person you speak with will confirm this too you as well . 
  think about it . 
  if you were to immigrate to saudi arabia you probably would n't adopt their values very fast as well and treat your wife or girlfriend differently or suddenly raise your daughter differently would you ? 
  how culture plays a massive role in how well a group is integrating can be shown by one difference alone : arranged marriages . 
  they are still very common in the turkish and generally other muslim communities from the middle east . 
  this alone makes a huge difference . 
  while other minorities to stick to their own over time they still mingle with the natives . 
  arranged marriages completely prevent that and ensures that young turkish people will marry within their communities and not from outside, 
  nothing more cute than than american who w to tell you what is the best in your country, 
  again , there never was a suicide attack nor a riot ever in german . 
  this is not anecdotal evidence but a statistical fact . 
  and no a 12 year old filling up a glass jar with black powder that was n't even able to explode and who was caught before does not count as a successful suicide bomber and refugees getting into fights with each other are not riots either . 
  hence why i said i am glad we value human life more in europe, 
  there literally was not a single suicide bombing in germany ever . 
  nor was there a single riot . 
  you really do n't know what you are talking about, 
  that 's not true . 
  when the russians came in the 90s nobody expected the turkish to leave anymore and most of them already had acquired german citizenship . 
  matter of fact the russians were treated as bigger outsiders than the turkish and initially housed on the edge of the town in huge block houses , while the turkish occupied what was now the center of the town . 
  the same is true for the vietnamese . 
  they were treated worse than the turkish and they caused huge problems in the 90s ( the vietnamese mob was the most brutal of all organized gangs ) yet now the are the most ambitious of minorities . 
  i live in berlin and i have many turkish friends and when i talk to them they will all tell you the same . 
  a lot of turkish families do not value education . 
  that 's a fact . 
  this is in stark contrast to vietnamese who will push their children to excel in school . 
  these differences do n't come down to german failure to integrate those people , but the difference of the culture of the countries they are coming from, 
  sorry but this is simply not true . 
  the integrationstudie that is published few years a pretty clear about . 
  in terms of education , employment , adoption of local values , connection to the local population , income , and other set of objective values turkish people do the worst of all minorities . 
  interestingly you picked italians who are not doing particularly well when it comes to education ( though better than turkish ) either , but doing a lot better when it comes to employment , adoption of local values and income and they are generally much better connected within germany society . 
  for example close to half of turkish immigrants have no personal relationship to a native german vs 6 % of italians . 
  yet millions of muslim live peacefully in all of europe, 
  sure but russians had the same problem yet the managed to improve enormously within a decade while turkish people have been struggling since the 70s, 
  what, 
  ehhhh other minorities have been much more successful even in berlin . 
  there definetly is a element of culture an religion involved that makes it harder for turkish people to succefully integrate into german society, 
  i am petty sure the bbc budget is much bigger than $ 300 million, 
  where do all your stormfront people com com today ? 
  funny the family of syrians i am teaching german did n't seem to have gotten that memo . 
  no i value the life of a foreign more than an object that is easily replaced . 
  if you equate your phone to your life you probably should lay off it for a while, 
  there is nothing to defend here because she is not nor will she ever be charged with mu . 
  i just want want want clear that she did n't do the killing since nobody here reads the article apparently and just guesses what 's in it, 
  agree, 
  newsflash idiot , everybody is being killed in syria right now, 
  i would n't call turkish immigration mostly successful . 
  they are getting better but the turkish in germany still are dead last when it comes to successful integration . 
  especially in berlin the statistics are pretty awful . 
  50 % of turkish people are living off the government one way or the other .
