  there are still problems , but it is getting better . 
  germany put itself first it when went to turkey and started all the media campaigns to get turkish workers . 
  it 's a completely meaningless phrase in this context that absolutely does nothing to deal the issues at hand . 
  even if you ignore all the human rights violation and gross violation of german values , sending back million of turkish workers would have wrecked the german economy . 
  made me look up suicide rate in albania . 
  it 's only 4.7 per 100.000 residents which puts them at the low end of the entire world . 
  in comparison in germany the suicide rate is 18,9 and in hungary it 's 40 per 100.000, 
  the first solution is completely cruel and inhuman and would have lead to massive problems getting other immigrants in the future and the second would have wrecked the germany economy . 
  nothing to do with `` have balls '' it 's simply grossly inhuman and stupid . 
  also it would have been impossible for germany to attract more immigrants , because if they had framed the standards like turkish workers could not apply , then workers from other countries would not have been able to apply for permanent residency as well . 
  this would have completely wrecked the germany economy since it relied on millions of workers from turkey , poland and italy and other countries and you ca n't kick out millions . 
  neither of these solution were acceptable from a human rights point of view nor sustainable for the economy hence why turkish people rightfully stayed in germany . 
  the positive effects of the turkish people staying far outweight the positive effects of kicking them out . 
  no you could n't because at the time turkey and italy were the only countries germany could recruit mass amounts of labour from and you can just exchange a few million people every few years and completely and expensively retrain them from a limited pool of labour . 
  remember that was a time when the soviet union still existed , the cold war what at its peak , the iron curtain was a thing , spain and greece were a military dictatorship , the balkans did n't let people out in droves either , africa was a bloody mess and asia was mostly communist as well . 
  so where do you think german should have gotten the people from ? 
  at the time there were none - hence why germany went to get turkish workers in the first place . 
  then the factories would have been out of millions of workers . 
  great solution . 
  which is widely regarded as a mistake today . 
  because they were not temporary workers . 
  they worked here for decades . 
  they were allowed to work towards pension because the factories needed them . 
  and then the factories and mines would have been out of millions of workers , great solution . 
  but the turkish workers were not there temporarily which was the problem . 
  they worked there often until pensions for decades . 
  why would you not give citizenship to people born and raised in your country , who went to school there , married there , had their own children there and never lived in a different country ? 
  that would be greatly unjust . 
  which , as someone from western europe , is such a confusing attitude . 
  food in eastern europe is absolutely superior to what i can get in germany . 
  the ingredients are better and of higher quality , even in fast food . 
  in contrary to ee in germany a lot of places uses replacement for original ingredients and many foods contain industrial processed ingredients for the sake of convince and lower costs . 
  hate to bust your bubble but italians are right behind the turks when it comes to problematic immigration groups . 
  after the turks they are least educated groups of minority in germany . 
  source : https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article7222075/tuerken-sind-die-sorgenkinder-der-integration.html, 
  read my comment history , i am quite critical of muslim immigration , but the trope of political correctness in regard to issue of turkish is annoying me to no end . 
  you are basically saying that germany was too politically correct to not send back turkish people who have worked for decades in germany whose children have been raised in germany and often had german citizenship , because they were born there , when in reality the turkish people would have been eligible for citizenship in about any country with a rule of law . 
  it 's not politically correct not to deport millions of people who you invited and have been living and working in your country , doing all the shitty jobs germans did n't want , and who have build a life there , it 's just basic human decency . 
  some of the younger ones , others integrate better . 
  while the integration of turkish people is still problematic , the trend is looking better and the majority of young turks identify more german than turkish . 
  there is a not so small minority though who is causing problems though . 
  i always wondered why people bought them , when your local food market offer so much better food in much better quality to lower prices . 
  well one could view it as a problem that german families basically own large shares of the eastern european food market, 
  would n't that make products more expensive in the east ? 
  electing a party that guts the economy , destroys the environment and goes against the rule of law to combat a problem that you country doesnt even have, 
  thats like saying you cut off your feet to avoid stepping on a lego in the future, 
  but all the countries that voted in right wing authoritarians did nt have a problem with terrorists or security to begin with with the exception of the usa, 
  for my life i ca n't understand so many people love of authoritarian right wing parties . 
  they are not even good . 
  look at hungary , look turkey , look at russia , all countries with authoritarians in power for a long time , their economies are shit , corruption is rampant , there is scandal after scandal and what good is actually coming out of these countries ? 
  i mean , i am trying to be have an open mind here and to understand what the appeal of those parties are , but i just do n't get it . 
  they do n't even care about the environment of the countries they are so proud of . 
  in which country is the age of retirement lower for women than men by law ? 
  what do you mean there is point pointing out working hours ? 
  it 's literally the time people spend at work . 
  who should it be up too ? 
  unemployement rate = / = average working hours a worker in greece works around 600 hours more a hear than the average german worker . 
  that 's almost three months 8 hours / day more . 
  or in other words each greek worker works 3 hours more per day . 
  meditarians all work more in average than germans . 
  one does not need to `` believe '' in science . 
  or just stop believing in any god, 
  care to share one ? 
  can you prove what you are saying ? 
  which so called fact checker has promoted a `` single-sided coverage of news '' and `` ridicule or smear of all dissenters '' with `` little respect for diversity '' ? 
  do you have a link or an example ? 
  first of all , this is not a single organisation but a group of 16 different news papers working together being supported by two internet companies . 
  second of all , if i look at the the [ disinformation review ] ( https://euvsdisinfo.eu ) of the european union , they seem fairly neutral and offer evidence for what they are saying . 
  if all muslims today and their children actually stay muslims, 
  the opposite from a right wing party is not a socialist party but nice false dichotomy . 
  in what way is china bipolar in its own way ? 
  the kp leadership always seemed pretty consistent . 
  because we outsourced our industry to them . 
  despite that they are working hard and , in contrary to the current administration , recognize that climate change exists, 
  yeah i remember how all my clothes and electronics are coming from inside the eu, 
  not when it comes to climate change which is one of the most if not the most important topic at the moment . 
  also china is a devil we know instead of that bipolar mess the usa has turned into . 
  china also does not try to undermine the eu like the orange clown, 
  trade war trade war trade war, 
   digging holes is pointless , building houses , training more police and qualifying refugees is not . 
  if you raised hartz 4 most money would be spend on consumption which can also foster economic growth . 
  there is also zero political will to increase welfare, 
  because it 's literally in the thread . 
  i am not going to do the reading for you . 
  that 's the current plan the eu is working on . 
  whatever bru , we are not going to sink boats and murder people because you do n't like brown people . 
   we do n't have to . 
  that 's what borders are for , you know ? 
  well , we ca n't stop them from coming to europe , unless you are proposing to sink their bots and italy and austria wo n't stop them for us , if we refuse to help with the problem and germanys border sure is big enough for them to let them slip through the cracks . 
   who say we ca n't ? 
  unfortunately we ca n't once they are here , but we do n't have to let them im . 
  see my response above . 
   so let 's build ten elbphilharmonien and give ursula $ 10b to solve the problem . 
  i am not sure about your obsession with the elbphilhamornie but that 's enough . 
  you must know, 
  well , if you are no spending any money to fight the causes of the crisis , then more refugees will come , which we would have to take in , since you ca n't just drop syrian refugees via parachute back in their country , can you ? 
  we did not have major refugee influxes from the middle east and africa , but those who came , and almost all libanese in germany came as refugees , mostly stayed . 
  comparing it to a refugee crisis in another european country were the the eu literally wrote the laws and controlled the government after the war is compete bullshit because these condition will never be fulfilled in syria regardless of what happens to assad . 
  if you look around the netherlands , sweden , germany , italy and even spain , their ghettos are all filled to the brink with former illegal immigrants or refugees who can not be deported back . 
  assuming that this will be different in the case of syrians is naive .
