  i 'd say it 's probably albania . 
  democratic , secular , growing economy , getting slightly less corrupt every year , probably going to be a member of the eu within the next 2 decades, 
  muslims in germany have approached the birth rate of the natives . 
  they are still above native germans but already below replacement rate, 
  why is it so high ? 
  i feel like that 's some financing scheme, 
  who is in marmarus ? 
  people seem to not care there . 
  somebody ran around with a drum to wake everybody up lol . 
  get the fuck up andrei , i do n't care if you are hungover , it 's election time, 
  people in teleorman are early risers . 
  wikipedia tells another story . 
  says the german were losing hard but then the allied were retreating because the battle of france went badly, 
  800 germans with light weapnory were able to defeat an entire country + allied support ? 
  and consumption of vodka / hard liquor, 
  reddit is the site that works best on unlimited data if you dont load thunbails . 
  basically the only site i can surf without waiting for hours . 
  also calm your tits nancy, 
  thanks i am aware of google , but i am on mobile internet and ran out of data so googling anything is a pain in the ass, 
  what 's the average salary in romania ? 
  i thought i 'd never say this in my life ; but thank god for sexism . 
  ( you can downvote me all you want , i do n't care , i 'd be okay with sacrificing a baby if it meant for le pen not to win ), 
  yeah and i was a student back then so i just say fuck it and went to jail, 
  2000 euro . 
   egypt [ there are already millions of refugees in egypt . 
  ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/blog/future-development/2016/10/04/who-are-the-5-million-refugees-and-immigrants-in-egypt/ ) of which 300.000 - 500.000 are syrians  lebanon same  saudi arabia does not let any refugees in and those few who are there are treated likes slaves  ooman has taken in more refugees per capita than germany  iran [ the same country that is using afghan refugees as canon fodder in their war in syria ? 
  ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/01/29/iran-sending-thousands-afghans-fight-syria )  sudan you mean the country were  government forces killed civilians , raped women and girls , and destroyed hundreds of villages . 
  in september , the united nations found the violence had displaced up to 190,000 people , many of whom are not accessible to humanitarian agencies . 
  elsewhere in darfur , attacks on civilians by government forces and inter-communal fighting over land and resources also resulted in deaths , destruction and displacement . 
   amnesty international alleged that the government used chemical weapons against civilians . 
  however , sudan , a party to the chemical weapons convention since 1999 , denied the findings and limited the scope of investigation by the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons ( opcw ) . 
  ... https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2017/country-chapters/sudan are you serious ? 
  and then you have the french one lol, 
  ironically though the dutch are the people who work the least on average of the entire world, 
  lol . 
  she was the reason why it took so long and only when her hand was forced by other parties she budged on the issue . 
  like many other issues ( nuclear energy , refugees ) , merkel sits on them until she is forced to react and then often react rash and driven the circumstances . 
  she is not an exceptionally good leader . 
  she has no visions or plans but purely reacts reactionary . 
  people said the same about gay marriage, 
  the only thing i am arguing , is that you stated , incorrectly , that istanbul is safer than paris and london , which , regardless of the time frame , it is not . 
  personally i would not go to turkey because i do n't like the direction the country is going , not because i am scared of terrorists , which i do n't regard to be that much of a threat anywhere but places like iraq or syria . 
   public rarely remembers what going on in the world . 
  do you think they remember everything happened in the last 5 years of any country ? 
  no , realistically they look at the last 6 months or maybe 1 year . 
  obviously this is not true since the tourists are still not coming back to turkey . 
  i mean if you want to completely selectively read the statistics to pick up a very narrow time frame than be my guest , but over a relatively normal period of time , namely the last five years , istanbul has seen a lot more terror attacks than paris . 
  also you are wrong about the last 6 months . 
  [ more people died in istanbul in the last 6 months to terror than paris ] ( https://storymaps.esri.com/stories/terrorist-attacks/?year=2017 ) also nice handwaving in regards to the coup . 
  you had fighter jets bombing the town , tanks running over people and attack helicopter firing at police station . 
  over 100 people died in istanbul . 
  after that you had the city on lockdown for days and a purge going on . 
  i know , but somehow i doubt that germany is the big outliner in the trend . 
  mate you claimed that istanbul is safer than paris . 
  i simply stated the fact that there were 3 times more terror attacks in istanbul last year than paris . 
  also you did have violent coup with shootings and explosions in the street the year before and that 's no really something you see in paris either . 
  again there were 3 times the terror attacks in istanbul than paris , the year before that you a had a freaking coup , so i am not sure why you would think istanbul is safer . 
  there were 6 terror attacks in istanbul last year and 2 in paris . 
  hmm ... 
  funny because the german welt reported [ that compared to the shitty last year , there are 58 % less early bookers ] ( https://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article162651664/der-tuerkei-tourismus-liegt-fast-voellig-am-boden.html/ ), 
  sure but he spoke about europe, 
  yugoslavia is in europe, 
  why did n't it happen ? 
  was it because of ww2 ? 
  if so , thanks hitler !, 
  lol , sure buddy, 
  i like positive rights . 
  what is good government depends on what values you have . 
  are you burning through all the ancap talking points now ? 
  there are good forms of government and bad of government . 
  government is not an alien entity , but merely a tool to organize a working society . 
  i can bash your head in with an hammer , does n't mean hammers are not neccessary to build a house . 
  by definition it is not . 
  monopoly of force . 
  also what has this to do with your original argument about `` ideology identification '', 
  it 's not really . 
  every group of people needs set rules of interaction with each other or interaction becomes impossible . 
   those values are universal and true . 
  whoever disagrees with them is wrong . 
  prove it , otherwise your argument has no premise to stand on . 
   culture is a spook . 
  there is nothing sacred or inherently worth preserving about it . 
  look at history !, 
  look at the countless tribes and civilizations the roman empire squashed !, 
  look at the myriad pantheons that no longer exist !, 
  culture comes and goes , develops and transforms all the time . 
  if all culture is worth preserving , should we resurrect every tiny religion or tribal culture that existed at some point during the last two hundred thousand years ? 
  or are only cultures that exist right now worth preserving ? 
  why ? 
  what makes them better or more important ? 
  more importantly , why should they remain stagnant , frozen in time as they are right this moment ? 
  you are also missing my point completely . 
  i never argued that cultures are eternal or should be preserved . 
  i argued that cultures like people are a product of their environment and different environment birth different cultures . 
  take your universal humans right for example . 
  they are the product of a environment that can afford them . 
  in an environment were there are not enough resources to support two groups of people , fight of over them becomes the rational choice for each group to survive , which already disproves your notion of the `` universality '' of said values . 
   so yeah , i do n't see anything dystopian about a communist one world `` government '' . 
  if your culture is not compatible with basic human rights then your culture is not worth preserving , it 's pretty simple really . 
  practically speaking your `` communist one world government '' would require to kill millions if not billions of people who do not agree with the values you are proposing , which sounds pretty dystopian to me .
