   ue united emirates ? 
   also the implication that somehow women in ai were `` oppressed '' and `` powerless '' is ridiculous . 
  well if they could n't vote they quite literally were politically powerless . 
  aldi and lidl are the most popular supermarkets in germany if by most popular you mean the supermarkets who make the most money . 
  so how much is a night out clubbing ? 
  finns make more than brits ? 
  who knew . 
  when i was in sweden i used to pay one of the guys working on the farry to brign me some cheap liquor . 
  they taste like shit in both countries though . 
  but ... but ... all the poles i meet are complaining how poland has western prices but eastern wages ? 
  i laughed more at this than i should have . 
  remember when the internert was supposed to enlighten us all ? 
  found the guy voting for wilders, 
  / r/incest is actually quite a friendly and reasonable sub all things considered . 
  lol right buddy because i remember your responses to 9/11 have been regarded as such great success story . 
  iraq and afghanistan are such safe places now , the terrorists have been beaten and the middle east is so much more stabile today and everybody speaks of iraq and afghanistan of great showcases of success !, 
  i mean its not like that al quadia is stronger than ever and isis is not a direct consequence of the iraq war , right ? 
  thats a nice false dichotomy you got there pal, 
   dude , you 're just trying to bullshit your way out of this discussion . 
  funny how i am the person who has presented countless of polls and studies proving my point and you are the person who has presented ... nothing . 
  you can argue all you want , one has to look only at the law book to see how homosexuals are discriminated in poland . 
  they ca n't marry , they ca n't adopt , they ca n't even form a registered partnership , the are not protected from discrimination by the law and even little things like having access to your partners medical records are denied them . 
   yeah right , we hunt them with our polar bears that roam free on polish streets : ddd [ no , you just beat them and occassionally murder them ] ( http://www.amnestyusa.org/pdfs/polandhatecrimes2015.pdf ), 
   check again . 
  1st page says : warsaw , july , 2005 yes i noticed that and included more recent polls . 
   and yet not even 1 % ( or 0,001 % ) showed up to protest against biggest gay parade in our country . 
  if you hallmark of an open and tolerant society is that gay people are not openly attack , then this pretty much says it all . 
  ever year hundreds of gay people are attacked in poland for being gay and let me remind that it was just 2 years ago that a homosexual was brutally murdered for being gay in poland . 
   we are so open and liberal that you can say anything about us . 
  well almost anything . 
  `` polish concentration camps '' pisses us off like hell . 
  again , if you hallmark of an open society is so basic as that everybody has the freedom of speach , then this pretty much says its all . 
  this does not change the fact that homosexuals face daily discrimination not only infront of the law but also in every day life . 
   you know those papers you 're linking are over 10 years old , right ? 
  do i really need to explain what 10 years can change in peoples ' minds ? 
  a poll from 2014 showed that the majority of poles still view homosexuality as immoral and wrong , deny homosexuals equal rights and voted a party in the government whose leading politican have made incredibly bigoted comments toward the gay community on a regular basis . 
  there is no reason to believe that since 2005 the majority changed their attitude towards homosexuals and all report confirm this . 
   and you know they can gather in public , right ? 
  thousands marched in warsaw and nobody ( except for like 20-30 idiot skinheads , who are in every country , still thinking hitler was cool ) really cared about that . 
  40 % of poles want any display of homosexuality banned . 
   only thing they ca n't do is to marry same sex partner and probably adopt a child . 
  but since poles are very creative nation , those homosexuals who want kids , they can have them . 
  i know some couples myself . 
  `` it 's okay we discriminate them because they can always trick the system . '', 
  - cool argument do n't try to make poland out to be this world open and liberal country . 
  it 's not . 
  the link i provided was in my first response . 
  i edited an typo out later . 
   a ) homosexuals dont fucking `` experience discrimination on almost daily basis here '' . 
  and i think i know what i am saying , because i fucking live here . 
  numbers do n't lie . 
  [ 53 % of poles would not accept a homosexuals as a co worker or superior , 70 % would not accept one as a teacher and 40 % do not accept homosexuals at all and 37 % support a ban of all public displays of homosexuality ] ( http://www.cbos.pl/spiskom.pol/2005/k_127_05.pdf )  b ) 70 % , 56 % , or whatever the numer is can believe in anything they want , as long as they 're not marching with torches and forks and looking for gay people to burn . 
  that 's being tolerant , you can check the definition yourself : https://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/tolerant except that those believes also manifistate themselves in the believes that homosexuals should not have equal rights from marriage over adoption over the right to publicely gather . 
  68 % are opposed to the right homosexuals to marry or engage in a civil union , 79 % are oppose to homosexuals having the right to adopt . 
   but drones are generally speaking one of the lowest casualty ways to fight a war . 
  if by causaulies you only mean your own then sure, 
  yeah , everybody knows . 
  i know what nationalism is and you are confusing nationalism with nationalist parties . 
  i am not aware of any nationalist in europe who are not bigoted towards gay people . 
  i 've been to poland many times and amnesty does not claim that germans are ab unch of hateful beasts , but simply described the fact that the amount of hate crime skyrocketed last year . 
  i literally just linked you several quotes of pis politician in regards to homosexuality , if you ignore that i ca n't help you . 
  he was the minister of culture when he said that stuff in 2005 . 
  also there are plenty of [ instances ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_poland#law_and_justice ) when pis politician made hateful comments about lgbt people . 
  it 's a bit dishonest to pretend ` nobody but a few nationalists ' care in poland when said nationalist are running the government and party leaders say stuff like  if a person tries to infect others with their homosexuality , then the state must intervene in this violation of freedom . 
  while every year hundreds of homosexuals are beaten up for [ being gay ] ( http://blog.amnestyusa.org/europe/poland-its-time-to-take-hate-crimes-seriously/ ) and just two years ago a gay man was brutally murdered for being homosexual . 
  also of [ 70 % of poles believe same-sex sexual activity is morally unacceptable with 56 % believing homosexuality is always wrong and never can be justified ] ( http://cbos.pl/spiskom.pol/2014/k_015_14.pdf ) and homosexuals experience discrimination on almost a daily basis . 
  yup : http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/may/04/independent-conservative-liberal-democrat-coalition-cameron-clegg, 
  it 's okay if you do n't expect it to be paella . 
  yup compared to most traditional supermarkets and even chain bakeries lidl perfomances pretty good . 
  it has no chance against a good bakery though when it comes to quality . 
  you can write 20 comments in like 10 minutes . 
  eventually they will be, 
  human needs are infinite , and robots can only satisfy a finite amount of desires that does not make any sense . 
  neither are human needs infinite nor is there any reason why robots should not be able to satisfy all material needs of humans  all they 'll do is raise wages ( lower prices ) , so you 'll be able to feed a family of 4 working hour a week or so . 
  lower prices means nothing if you do n't have any job to earn any money . 
  [ reality became a dream six years ago then ] ( http://boingboing.net/2010/02/15/robot-factory-builds.html ), 
  wrong . 
  robots are already build and maintained by other robots and sooner or later will also be designed by robots, 
   for statists freedom means the ability to choose between being thrown in a cage and working for an arbitrary percentage ( subject to change at the whim of the state ) of your wages only to die waiting in line for necessary goods and services because it 's cheaper for the state to ration necessities than to let people run their own lives as they see fit . 
  where i am from you do n't have to work at all and could just get welfare and nobody in west has ever died waiting in line and last time i checked we do n't rations as well so nice false choice fallacy . 
   i think i pass on that kind of freedom and take my chances with the billions of other people not working in sweatshops/dying in fires . 
  you mean the billions of other people not working in sweatshops and dying in factory fires in the western world because of government regulation ? 
  that 's a grand statement given the fact you include the entirety of all of history . 
  i can think of plenty of cultures who were naturally inclined towards collectivism . 
  i dont get it . 
  you can call fireworks home made missiles but they are still fireworks . 
  by homemade missiles they mean fireworks . 
   but who will force the system on others ? 
  a state ? 
  oh , there wo n't be a state . 
  when the basic law is : `` leave me alone and i leave you alone '' you ca n't force people into anything without acting unjust . 
  who will enforce their system on others ? 
  you and your goons obviously . 
  the only thing libertarian do is replace the police with private security companies . 
  like you do not promote a system that threatens everybody with force who does not agree to its precious property rights . 
  the biggest hypocrats are always libertarians ( i.e. 
  people who promote their right to violently exclude everybody from whatever patch of land they happen to have build a fence around ) who think they do n't promote a system that will be forced upon others not agreeing with it like every one else . 
  for libertarians personal freedom means the ability to choose between starving to death and working for scrips in a sweatshop only to die in a factory fire because its cheaper to have you factory and workers burn to the ground than invest into fire safety measures . 
  i think i pass on that kind of freedom . 
  well how do you propose to fund the government ?
