  or the bus, 
   and also let 's tax them because just providing an affordable and convinient service to people is not enough !, 
  what has this to do with anything ? 
  plenty of services and goods are taxed . 
  they are logging part of the forest which core is considered primeval and the part they are logging is pretty old too now . 
   this logging is due to diseases that may attack the actual protected forest . 
  except for the fact that 32 out of 37 scientist responsible for the report came out and said this is not the case and then were fired immediatly by the government they used to belong too . 
  many . 
  buzzwords . 
  the fact you think wild fires are part of every forest natural cycle should tell everyone how fucking stupid you are and how little you know what you are talking about . 
  widespread wildefires are only occouring in area with long , dry and hot sommers . 
  they do not really occour in central or north europe . 
  have you ever heard of a wildfire in sweden or norway the countries with one of the largest preserved patches of forest worldwide ? 
  moldova is half as poor as bosnia . 
  holy shit . 
  at kauflanbd 750gramm is 3.80 $, 
  there is no 600g nutella in germany but for 750gr you pay 3.80 $ at kaufland . 
  now i feel old because i ca n't eat nutella casually anymore . 
  wow , in germany its 33 for women and 35 for men . 
  i wanted to say its probably related to migrants but germany and france have more for them as the uk, 
  i am not sure if you understand , this is not really a topic of discussion , the report linked is pretty clear about what kind of children are being kidnapped . 
  human traffickers do not snatch children from the street and natascha kampusch was kidnapped by a lone culprit and the whole thing was regarded as a massive police failure . 
  in the vast majority of cases the police finds the children withint a week whether it is dead or alive . 
  yeah so whats your point ? 
  there is always an exception to the rule, 
  it 's not refugees who are snatching the children , it 's the children of the refugees who get snatched . 
  the victims described in the report are almost always children from extremely poor and defunctional families and not children from normal families . 
  if a kid goes missing from a german or italian family , you have a manhunt and hundred of police officers working on a case behind you , if a kid goes missing from a gypsi family chances are nobody cares . 
  those kids are not snatched from the streets while they are visiting school , they are bought , traded or taken out of their families under false pretense . 
  lol , a canadian without a clue tries to talk about european politics . 
  cute . 
  lol talking about being delusional . 
  the fuck you are talking about ? 
  polish people have a lot more money per capitan than russish people and that is despite the fact that russia has ressources and oil and poland has not . 
  the only country who should be ashamed is russia who despite its richness in ressources and oil does not manage to get out its second world status . 
  lol no . 
  its not like russia has much to export except for oil and shinny metals anyway . 
  i hate smoking like no other because i saw my father dying off it , but this argument you are making is a very dangerous one . 
  you could justify plenty of bans from fat foot to alcohol to extreme sports by citing public health care costs . 
  not only that but you are presenting a good argument against public healthcare itself and for private healthcare were everybody would have to pay for their own . 
  i hate smoking like no other because i saw my father dying off it , but this argument you are making is a very dangerous one . 
  you could justify plenty of bans from fat foot to alcohol to extreme sports by citing public health care costs . 
  not only that but you are presenting a good argument against public healthcare itself and for private healthcare were everybody would have to pay for their own . 
  i came to hate the word basically . 
  of course you should compare russia to china and not the usa , germany or other developed countries . 
  both were communist countries and one went skyrocketing while the other barely matched the growth of two countries much more developed and richer than itself . 
   are n't you forgetting something ? 
  `` the imf granted poland with a stabilization fund of us$ 1 billion and an additional stand-by credit of us$ 720 million . 
  following this the world bank granted poland additional credits for modernization of exports of polish goods and food products . 
  many governments followed and paid off some of the former communist debt ( about 50 % of the sum of debt capital and all cumulated interest rates to 2001 ) . '' ( source ) are you serious right now ? 
  do you really think 1 billion credit by the imf made a difference ? 
  that 's what russia is selling in oil in a few days . 
   you 're wrong . 
  yeah ukraine was a hyperbole , but russias economic development still was very meager to its potential . 
  why are you mixxing up export profits with gdp ? 
  do you think russia is exporting all its oil and consuming none of it itself ? 
  oil alone accounts for [ 16 % of russias gdp ] ( http://wdi.worldbank.org/table/3.15 ) and 51 % of federal budget revenues . 
  richer not reacher . 
  gdp per capita ( ppp ) in russia in 1989 : 11.211 gdp per capita ( ppp ) in poland in 1989 : 8.356 source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_soviet_union, 
   you are joking . 
  i am not joking . 
  before the fall of the of the soviet union russians were much richer than polish people . 
   oil and gas are not 25 % of russian gdp , but they are half of russian export . 
  yes , oil & gas account for 18 % of the russiand gdp , mining accounts for 11 % so in total they account for 30 % of the russian gdp and 3/4 of russian exports . 
  yeah so how exactly is russian economy not diversive now ? 
  oil and ressources account for 25 - 30 % of their gdp and 75 % of their exports, 
  you do realize you are proving my point with your data ? 
  russia started mich higher , lost a shitload , recovered and since then has been chassed down by poland and that is despite the fact that poland does not have 25 % of its income coming from ressources . 
  russia should be far ahead of its eastern european countries due to the richness of ressources alone . 
  russia should be on par with norway not hungary . 
  oh and is there a particular reason why you limited the graph to 2012 ? 
  perphaps because since then poland has overtaken russia ? 
  [ if you look at the comparison russia vs. china of failed russian economic policies differences become even more clear ] ( http://russia-insider.com/sites/insider/files/styles/1200xauto/public/world-gdp-ppp-1990-2015.jpg?itok=lzwe_-qx ), 
  it 's still not diversived and quit shit . 
  look at eastern europe and their growth rate since the 90s , then compare it with russia . 
  polish people who were much poorer than russians in the 90s now have surpassed them and russia is falling behind eastern europe every year a little bit more . 
  even hungarians now have more money than russians . 
  in 5 years romanians will pass by russiand and if the trend continues you will soon see albanians with more money than russians . 
  and in contrary to russia those countries do not have over 25 % of their income coming from oil and ressources . 
  well while the 90s might have been shit , russia could have had the growth rate of poland , yet had the growth rates of ukraine under putin . 
  russia could be on par with the west now but instead russians are poorer than hungarians now . 
  not exactly a success story . 
  are you going to tell me russias economy is diversive and not dependent on oil and ressources ? 
  tsiparas thought he had leverage and tried to play hardball but the germans were having none of it and essentially presented him with the option to either take it or leave . 
  what was tsipras supposed to do in that situation ? 
  he realized he underestimated the german stuborness and had to choose between more austerity or setting the country on fire . 
  he tried and he failed and it would have been stupid to stick to his promises knowing full well the dire consequences of it . 
  there was no plan b or a way to minimize the damage for greece . 
  it was either eat shit or die . 
  erdogans neo-ottomanism does not care for the west or the east for anyhting but economics , politically and culturally it aims for the middle east and islam . 
  tehran , baghdad and damascus always were suspicious of turkeys secular democracy but with the rise of erdogan and his brand of islamism ties between turkey and the middle eastern countries have gotten better . 
  i not exactly a fan of poland ( far to right wing for my taste ) but poland has made tremendous progress since the 90s . 
  it was not that the government did not care , more like they did n't dare to default and then manage the following collapse with all the nastyness that would have come with it . 
  it 's easy to say `` they should have just defaulted '' when you are not the person on the trigger that will leave million of old people without money , hospitals without drugs and your country destablized . 
  i do n't know about 95 % but islam as been the dominant religion of kosovo for centuries . 
  i am sure you can remember [ some songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lur-sgl3uw8 ), 
  i would not call a museum about the history of the eu and schengen a `` musueum for some shit nobody gives a floating fuck about '', 
  thank god they do n't have to be . 
  all shops accept german bank cards aka [ ec cards ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_cash ) . 
  to be fair though normal bank cards have the place that credit cards have in other countries .
