  brennan specifically pushed to include greencard and visa holders and trump signed that . 
  10 million refugees are a clear and present danger . 
  not to mention that the constitution would just be abolished by the government regardless of what the court would say . 
  if you think constitutional principles ca n't be changed if the situation requires it you are delusional . 
  everything , including the ewigkeitsklauseln in the constitution , can be changed or altered the point they mean something completely differently . 
  if 10 millions people showed up , threatening to completely rip our society apart and collapse our social systems , they would not be let in - even if only because people would vote in the afd . 
  the attempt to ban people with active visas and greencards , who have been living in the states for decades , to getting back to their home , is pretty huge step forward enlarging state control . 
  sure , that 's why you need both . 
  laws can be changed and will if it is neccessary . 
  if tommorow ten million people show up on our doorstep , we wo n't and ca n't take them in even if they meet the legal definition . 
  what does it matter ? 
  i am not willing to sacrifice my life quality and the stability of my society for it , even is this very selfish . 
  yes , a hard limit would change that , because it opens the legal leeway to deport people back ( their country or refugee camps in africa ) even if they are in need for help . 
  with the recent change in the meldegesetz and the harsh punishment for fraudulent registration i think i do n't want to open myself up to this risk . 
  again without the acknowledgement germany just kicks the can further down the road . 
  we already not sending back refugees to greece because our courts declared it inhumanitarian . 
  an acknowledgment of germany would go a long way to not only come to an agreement with half of european countries already having a hard limit but would also help shape future european refugee policies . 
  it would also acknowledge the reality that we can not help everybody even if they might need help . 
  you can increase frontex all you want , if you have no place to take those people it wo n't matter . 
  that 's why resettlement camps in africa are necessary . 
  it would be an acknowledgement that germany and europe can not help everybody . 
  dublin only kicks the can down the road by pushing refugees onto greece and italy until they ca n't deal with them anymore - something that has already partially happened hence why we wo n't send refugees to greece anymore . 
  i disagree, 
  i think a hard limit is inevitable with millions upon millions climate refugees who will be coming from africa in the following years and decades . 
  this is a reality i want to see acknowledged and not the patch work solutions merkel is presenting . 
  please show were the wp or the guardian have ever flat out lied and maybe then i accept your false equivalency of breitbart and the wp . 
  i am aware that all papers have certain political bias , but breitbart and infowars straight out inventing stuff to further a political agenda . 
  i have n't seen the guardian doing that . 
  well , i do n't think this is such dry and cute case as you might it out to be . 
  after all the former president of the verfassungsgericht papier argued for constitutionality of it and de maizere currently is working with other european interior ministers on establishing camps in africa . 
  in any case the constitution can be changed to meet the demands of reality and the reality is that in light of possible dozen of millions of refugees coming from africa in the future a hard limit is the only sustainable alternative . 
  the csu is only electable bavaria though and the cdu has made it very clear that they are against a obergrenze under merkel . 
  i like the solutions the eu is working towards with refugee and resettlement camps in africa from which a limited number of refugees can be taken to europe . 
  i 'd be happy to get an acknowledgement of german politicians that we can not help everybody and that there is a need for a hard limit on how many people we are willing to take in annually . 
  now the full nazi comment might have been a bin hyperbolic , but i see clear parallels in trumps populism and his rhetoric aimed against certain minorities and that of early day fascists . 
  granted trump is more of a populist than anything else and i am not sure he even has a ideological framework he holds onto . 
  the afd certainly has elements ( h\u00f6cke ) that if they got their wish would pick a fascist state . 
  i have done that and i do n't see how this makes anything he does better . 
  his a pathological liar and a narcissist , he pushing for policies that increase destability and the chance of large scale wars or even endanger humanity as whole ( in case of his climate policies ) . 
  he is actively working on undermining the media and establishing fake news outlets like breitbart and fucking infowars as legitimate counter sources because they speak after his mouth . 
  he does not care about the truth or facts but only a narrative he can latch on ... which makes him an extremely dangerous men . 
  you mean when they did n't enslave ( blacks , chinese ) or genocide each other ( native americans ) ? 
  i can only talk about personal experience , but i considered voting afd before trump 's election and since then have completely changed my mind . 
  i am still extremely critical of the mass migration from countries from the middle east , but i ca n't in good intentions vote for what are essentially disguised fascists . 
  before i thought they were not ` serious ' but trump has showed me that these kind of right wing populists are very serious in all the outlandish things they demand . 
  i just wish there was party that offered more realistic and sustainable solutions dealing with the refugee crisis without going full nazi doing so . 
  i do n't even know why they are so opposed to radical muslims , they share so many of the same believes . 
  this trope that politicians ` constantly lie ' is so annoying to me . 
  the only time angela merkel ( for example ) got caught straight out lying was when she talked about the nsa meddlings in germany . 
  granted it is a big lie , but it was also her only one in almost 12 year of ruling germany . 
  the invasion of the mongols is never discussed ? 
  dschingis khan literally is one of the most famous persons worldwide, 
  half of humanity ? 
  try 90 % . 
  there are almost no countries outside of the west were homosexuality is not viewed as some sort of degeneration, 
  i would n't say an almost 20 % gap is uncomfortably close, 
  sure but how does this change anything ? 
  i live in bavaria and there is no place around me without humans . 
  dude , i cant walk 10 km without getting to another settlement . 
  oh i have no delusions that it wil suck in short and medium term . 
  in long term its gon na be great though . 
  is it ? 
  i am german and i welcome the decreasing population density . 
  there are too many people here, 
  in germany and the uk any minimum wage job will give you full access to the healthcare system . 
  there is no difference in coverage for anybody publicly insured regardless how much they make . 
  in germany you only need to hold the job for 3 months after that you are eligible to unemployment benefit that will cover your health care as well even if you lose your job . 
  write me a message if you are interested in something like that and i can help you find a minimum wage job in germany that does not require to speak german . 
  because it would stop being a jewish state . 
  what do you mean she can take on netanyahu ? 
  except for historical reasons israel has zero relevance to germany and absolutely no leverage to take them on . 
  yes the u. n. called for israel to give the golan heights to isis . 
  yes the u. n. called for israel to give the golan heights to isis . 
  * apathy, 
  you do n't give a fuck because you are not affected . 
  this is not an opinion , that is just apathie . 
  netherlands has 25 % of people being over 65 + years old yet there you go . 
  bullfuckingshit . 
  they do n't post raw data . 
  remember when they twitted they had leaked emails of the republican party as well and then later refused to release it because ` there was n't anything of relevance in it ', 
  i have no sympathy for people who neglected their own education for decades, 
  the government expects 300.000 arrivals this year too . 
  but it 's not 150.000 people that are coming per year ( which still is not sustainable ) but over 300.000, 
  they have been consistently getting 7 % in all election since 2012, 
  what about spain and greece ? 
  last year we had over 300.000 new arrivals . 
  this is not fine . 
  tibet, 
  can someone explain me why people would vote for a party that makes corruption legal ? 
   insa hilariously overrates the afd and underrates the cdu . 
  except that insa was so far the most correct institute assessing the afd in the state elections . 
  cool citation, 
  i am no sure what your argument is . 
  do you deny there is wide spread homophobia in eastern europe ? 
  bi am very critical of islam but lets be honest about something : the reason why you said northern europeans is because even as close as eastern europe those views change drastically . 
  polls show that hungarians are more critical of homosexuals than muslims living in germany . 
  i feel like it 's getting better . 
  i myself used to swing prett to the right over the last years . 
  then brexit and trump happened . 
  i still do n't agree with a lot of things but i am more scared of the new fascists ( because they are nothing but that ) than anything else with the exception of radical islam .
