  in bavaria they are doing much better though, 
  there are no jews in syria dipshit, 
  did you even read the article ? 
  she lured in one guy and a did n't even do the killing herself, 
  are you seriously comparing syrian refugees to nazi invading a country ? 
  lol, 
  but she was part of the resistance movement ? 
  and she did n't kill them , she just lured them in . 
  hell , does nobody read the article before commenting anymore ? 
  those are the only ones examples you can come up with ? 
  how about polish and russians in germany ? 
  we have more russians and turkish people . 
  how about italians ? 
  how about the million of turkish who do not want to live in sausage towns ? 
  cool story bro , in europe thankfully we have more regard for human life, 
  because your phone < the life of someone . 
  stealing does not warrant the death penalty . 
  and in europe and a lot of states , this would get you in jail, 
  to protect yourself ? 
  sure . 
  shoot somebody who is stealing your phone ? 
  you actually need two hands ? 
  bit discriminating against amputees, 
  usuually if an 80 year old kills someone he has a pretty good reason to do so, 
  haha you fucking irish . 
  you did hence why the only thing you can cite is your struggle against ` british colonialism ' in which you personally had no part of . . 
  pathetic, 
  hahaha . 
  the irony of being called an emasculated men by someone who like you . 
  no it 's not wrong . 
  it can mean until the end of your life , but it does n't have to, 
  wrong . 
  in germany life improsionment means life . 
  having said that you are eligible to apply for parole after 15 years unless the severe guilt of your deed was determined . 
  the longest somebody is sitting in german prison right now is 40 years . 
  the last raf terrorist was released after 23 years . 
  even if it is hypocritical , it 's better for them to scream now than not st all, 
  i 'd just use the word the refugee favoring parties because if you look at europe there is no clear side line between left and right . 
  for example the conservative party in germany is more open towards refugees than the left party in germany or the socialists in france yet usually on social issues the fall on the right of both sides of them, 
  liberal the way he is using the word most certainly is american . 
  it has the opposite meaning in europe and thus it makes no sense to use it here . 
  does n't matter whether it 's perfectly well understood . 
  it 's confusing if you start using words indifferently . 
  we are not in the usa but europe . 
  what ? 
  liberals the way you are using the word are not a thing in europe . 
  liberals in europe mean people favouring laissez faire economic policies . 
  if you have a pet peeve with the left , at least use the correct terms and not american slang without meaning here . 
   germany does n't fall into an alt-right nervous breakdown we wo n't , do n't worry . 
  how much a gramm ? 
  lier lier pants on fire, 
  5 . http://www.projetaladin.org/holocaust/en/40-questions-40-answers/basic-questions-about-the-holocaust.html, 
  i already told you to fuck off did n't i ? 
  but to repeat myself the hundreds of times , you have no fucking clue who the sources of the un are , they are most certainly not ` rebel media ' but people they have in aleppo which they trust . 
  obviously they ca n't varify the reports , because , duh , it 's a warzone , so they ca n't send their personal there . 
   these `` reports '' are nothing else than pro rebel trying media and fighters trying to make the saa look bad . 
  but from a logical standpoint it makes no sense as aleppo was always pro regime city . 
  so why shoot your own supporters ? 
  who said he shoot his own supporters ? 
  his troops went in and executed civilians they most likely associated with the rebels . 
  family of fighters , children , parents . 
  you know , i do n't get you assad fanboys . 
  you are all weak . 
  i would respect you if you could least acknowledge the attrocity assad has commited . 
  if not in alleppo then the dozen of others which the un has undedienable proof of . 
  but now you squirm and wiggle to not acknowledge the reality of the war ; namely that assad can be as big of a monster than the rebels ( which i despise too ) but that he is still the better choice . 
  how is one related to the other ? 
  [ how i imagine you ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsdm_pxt7hb3gmqr2iikprbpch08sh-m-kvjh4e8lf9ejnsqvem ), 
  you claimed that the un ignored the strike on the hospital . 
  now you are backtracking and saying that they only issued a stern complaint . 
  caught lying again . 
  stop wiggling , you 've already been dismissed . 
   the only track record i 've seen of the un is crying about human rights violations by assad , but when the usa bombs a msf hospital everyone is just silent . 
  keep lying comrade : http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/10/afghan-hospital-bombing-war-crime-msf-kunduz-151003151257396.html3151257396.html/rk=0/rs=bhe.aj4q3my16jeyvluy2v4v2uk -  they talk shit when there 's political gain for them . 
  and while it is terrible that 80 innocent people died , what do you want to do ? 
  hold the rebels ' hands and escort them out with a parade ? 
  if they refuse to go , and use humans as shields , what are you going to do ? 
  except that the un is talking about executions and that the rebels already agreed to leave and are leaving . 
  lol . 
  you talked about how the un authorized the iraq war and now you are backing out by claiming that they just did n't take a proactive approach and forbidd the invasion ? 
  thanks for proving your dishonesty to everyone still reading , we are done cunt . 
  praise is not the word i 'd be using for . 
  respect or acknolwedment of his feat maybe . 
  killing five million jews with almost nobody knowing was an extradnory feat too yet i doubt you would praise it . 
  we have reports of 80 people dying in massacre the day the city fell . 
  a lot more people died and are going to die . 
  so fuck off . 
  the un verified them and given their track record that 's good enough . 
  for obvious fucking reasons sources in a war zone have to remain anonomyous, 
  the fuck you are talking about , the un did not ` authorise ' the iraq war . 
  matter of fact kofi annan came out and stated right out that the war was ` illegal ' . 
  well if all unhappy people kill themselves , only the happy are left, 
  no they do n't . 
  they are coming from the uno and their sources are protected so nobody but the uno knows who they are . 
  people are fascinated by hitler too, 
  guess i have to go there before it 's gone, 
  who exactly is praising genghis khans conquest ? 
  that 's a complete bullshit claim . 
  you have no idea who the un is getting their info from because their sources are protected . 
  and you just pulled the numbers out of your ass as well .
