  in average greek work more than germans . 
  if you almost killed a few , you really got ta improve your door openign skills . 
  well , thanks for the heads up . 
  uk will never allow this, 
  yeah how ? 
  lol funny how you are complaining about a lack of knowledge , yet you are incorrectly claiming that albania has a popular nationalistic movement . 
  and how much popular support do they have ? 
  exactly . 
  what nationalist government does albania have or movement ? 
  for starters to close the gap between several eu countries and improve trade by a lot . 
  also you would n't want russian bases in the middle of europe after they picked up the countries we left behind . 
  or bosnia turning into a isis home base after two more decades of being left out . 
  germany and france are highly in favor of it, 
  it 's implicit they will stay, 
  because syria is a civil war and there are no good guys left . 
  who are you fighting for and against whom ? 
  assad who is barrel bombing civilians or the islamic state who is suicide attacking civilians ? 
  what 's the point of this fight anymore ? 
  your home is long gone and everybody left fighting for it has long turned into a monster . 
  how so, 
  what do our mean by allegedly ? 
  is it a secret museum ? 
  source ? 
  ca n't find anything on the net . 
  i 'd say that most of africa is a demographic time bomb though, 
  i 'd be really interested in some sources . 
  google says egypt birth rate is just a little bit above replacement rate ( 2,71 ) and shrinking since years . 
  everything is made out of cement in eastern europe . 
  i had a day stop in timisoara . 
  it took me a couple of hours to find a restaurant that served romanian food and not pizza , sushi or fuisine . 
  i am pretty sure the nazis would have invaded spain in the case of republicans winning . 
   those with record populations are muslim countries with higher birthrates , they were already growing in soviet times . 
  biggest population grow right now happens in africa in both muslim and christian contries . 
  the middle east in comparison has a relative low birth rate . 
   and yet there is n't a single case of such a thing happening . 
  you are absolutely delusional if you think that such discrimination is not happening in serbia . 
  no shit genius , people who think you sexuality is an illness will threat you differently . 
  there was another survey which stated that over half of serbians would not accept a gay man as a teacher for their children , as a collegue or even neihbour . 
  i am not even sure what you are talking about anymore . 
  homophobia does not only mean ` killing gay ' people . 
  there is no argument about . 
  you do realize that homophobia does not only include ` running around and killing people ' , right ? 
  half of the people in serbia view homosexuality as a sickness and they will act accordingly to every homosexual person they meet . 
  i 've witnessed it countless of times . 
  mate , i lived in serbia for two years and i have many serbian friends and a girlfriend from croatia with family in serbia . 
  but hey why use anecdotal evidence ? 
  a [ study ] ( http://www.ravnopravnost.gov.rs/jdownloads/files/anti-discrimination_report_november_2012.pdf ) has found that over half of serbians view homosexuality as an illness . 
  if you do n't there are lot of serbians who are not extremely homophobic , you have n't met a lot of serbians . 
  it 's a bad translation . 
  he does n't say choice . 
  yeah there are people who care a lot . 
  especially in the rural areas serbians are extremely homophobic . 
  even in belgrad you get your fair share . 
  but why did he do that ? 
  in germany they cost always 10 cents and i still see many people . 
  even if between young people violence has decreased by a great deal . 
  i can remember a time were it was normal for young people to get into fight . 
  todays youth ? 
  naaa they are all tame . 
  my best friend , my wife and his wife are currently looking to buying a house . 
  it 's not optimal and we wish we could buy a house on our own , but you got to arrange yourself with the new conditions of reality . 
  thing is , eventually the enviromental aspect will overrule any success we made in other parts . 
  but soil erosion and overpopulation are still happening and famines are more and more caused by that ? 
  there might have been doomsayers whose prediction were too premature , but fact is we already lost over [ 30 % of our topsoil ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/dec/02/arable-land-soil-food-security-shortage ) and we literally have no way to regenerate and the the problem is only getting worse with a growing population demanding for more and more food every year . 
  even worse with climate change speeding up , the speed and magnitude of soil erosion is predicted to only increase in the future . 
  that 's absolutely not true . 
  in the last 30 years worldwide poverty has shrunken [ considerably ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/world-poverty/ ) . 
  the world as a whole is getting worse , it 's just that temporarily it gets better for people to live on it . 
  between climate change , soil erosion , the overfishing of the oceans , an already happening or soon to happen extinction event the world as a whole is not getting better . 
  we are on the brink of not one but several ecolocial catastrophes on a scale humans have never experienced before and whatever progress we have made on the back of destroying the planet will be lost again, 
  it 's for people just skipping the articles . 
  basically a tl : dr within the article . 
  greece did not grant it . 
  they sentenced them to 2 months in prison as play to not have to decide over ayslum right away but also not to have them returned . 
  sure . 
  it might be not great in the short term , but great in middle and long term . 
  even they get a lot less kids once they are here . 
  in germany even the turks are falling below replacment rate . 
  ehh , there are enough people in europe and the world as it is . 
  we need less people , not more . 
  you know i am just having a great idea for a tent you can also use as clothes . 
  you are missing the point entirely . 
  there is a huge difference in taking in 1 million people from a completely different region of the world , not speaking your language and immigrating in your social system , and having people from a country immigrating that culturally is very similiar to you , who speak the same language and who do jobs the people in your country do n't want to or ca n't do . 
  calm your tits , the vast majority of foreigners came to switzerland long before freedom of movement was introduced . 
  the germans are the polish people of switzerland and without them half of the hospitals would be empty . 
  what do you think all the germans are doing in switzerland ? 
  they are not entitled to welfare nor other social benefits . 
  the reason why they are there is because there is demand . 
  i 'd go out of my way and claim that most people in the eu do not care about immigration from other european countries . 
  especially if they speak the language . 
  it 's immigration from non european countries that is causing problem . 
  of all populists in europe they are one of the more reasonable though . 
  i mean , compare them to ukip , front national or wilders party, 
  no and the gulenists also condemned the coup very fast . 
  erdogan does not care . 
  it was the same when isis bombed a demonstration and erdogan blamed the kurds despite all the evidence to the contrary . 
  we did a very big problems with it . 
  our interior minister however did not . 
  erdogan brought back a lot of stuff people thought could n't be bring back, 
  correct .
