  though germans still use a lot of cash ( i do at least ), 
  do n't know about macedonia but polish people can be quite hostile towards gay, 
  by force you mean sink the boots and execute whoever makes it to the island ? 
  the logic is that people from some poorer eastern european states tend to illegally stay more often than europeans from the west . 
  the underwood needs to be thinned for the forest to grow . 
  it certainly is more reliable, 
  nice double standards, 
  tbf they further south you go the more unreliable the data becomes . 
  why not ? 
  it 's even worse because you are not only segregating children in their school bus , but in their entire school . 
  according to [ this map ] ( https://iq-research.info/en/page/average-iq-by-country ) chinese has an average of 105 is above all european countries . 
  uhm no there are still plenty of those around . 
  i live in germany and down the road there is a [ catholic girls school ] ( http://www.st-marien-schulen-regensburg.de/home.html ) and that is n't even the only one in my city . 
  throughout germany there are hundreds of schools like these . 
  it 's not only muslims . 
  lets not forget that we have had catholic schools segregated for gender in europe for a very long time . 
  i mean ... we do have school segregating kids for their gender all over europe since a very long time . 
  it 's not like that 's something new or not part of our culture . 
  i live just a block away from a catholic girls school . 
  in reality though you can just move to any eu country as long as you want as long as you have the means to support yourself . 
  do eu citizens with the exceptions of gypsis ever deported ? 
  eastern european integrate themselves ( mostly ) , muslims cause a lot more problems . 
  some countries have mandatory residency registration like germany . 
  it wo n't come to netflix . 
  amazon paid for exlusive rights for season 2 in europe . 
  do i think france will expel all brits , shut down the channel tunnel and perform a blockade of the uk ? 
  do i think france would agree on sanction on the uk ? 
  fuck yeah , especially on products their industry is competing with . 
  [ first item in line probably would be your beef ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/1707824.stm ) , next then finance . 
  france , spain and germany most certainly care about the eu enough . 
  given that 80 % of refugees came without their wives i doubt it . 
  it 's not hard to live in a country , you just need to learn the language, 
  just learn a second language like everyone else, 
  they ca n't pay less profit to the state since what they have to pay to the state is decided by the law, 
  it does matter from the perspective of the railcompany who could use the profits for other means . 
  of course i would . 
  why not ? 
  every country in every war kills plenty of civilians and civil servants . 
  like every country that ever went to war ? 
  one man 's freedom fighter ... 
  probably some of those things , probably not all . 
  a friend of mine had an idea to open a `` adventure hostel '' within a a forest . 
  camping for reasonable prices in combination with guided tours , workshops , riding , whatever . 
  for his live he could not get a loan from a german bank . 
  he then found a place in estonia and he got a loan from a bank and subsidized from the government almost immediatly . 
  today he is booked out in spring , summer and autumn and is employing 10 people . 
  reuters is just repeating the reason the french gave . 
  catalonians are not repressed at all either yet they have stuck to the idea of having a referendum for a very long time and it does n't look like this is changing any time soon . 
  why do you think this will be differently with scottland ? 
  after all both scottland and catalonia have been dabbling with the idea of independency for centuries . 
  if a majority of scottish people does n't want to change their citizenship , then there wo n't be a majority to vote for it . 
  have a look to catalonia . 
  seems to last pretty long . 
  why would she need that ? 
  she is popular as ever in scotland . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i 'd be seriously interested in knowing where one could buy dried dicks . 
  1 : as i already explained assad supported the islamists too . 
  he needs them in fact to justify his staying . 
  2 : as i already told you there is no solution . 
  assad ca n't have election ( for the reason i already have explained ) nor can he stop oppressing his people and he ca n't have the people returning from europe . 
  whether assad wins or not , there is no solution for the refugees going back any time soon . 
  this is a fact and there is no alternative to it . 
  3 : he would never allow or care for eu officials observing the elections . 
  3 : the usa bombing people has caused many people to hate and fight the usa as well . 
   and you have proof of the millions of people with family members got imprisoned , tortured , barrel bombed , poisoned , raped , looted , beaten ? 
  are you serious right now ? 
  there is millions of pages of proof of that . 
  read any amnesty international report on syria or the reports of the uno or any other damn organisation or for all i care watch a video showing the russians or assad cluster or [ barrel bombing entire cities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_syrian_civil_war_barrel_bomb_attacks ) . 
   also im sure he can be stopped from prosecuting them if we help him unify the country , he also said he is ready to step down and attend elections . 
  like i said , if you truly believe that you are being an naive idiot . 
  if assad wanted to step down , he would have a long time time ago . 
  how do you think we make assad do anything without military force ? 
  how do you think there will be elections worth their salt in a country were at the moment there are tens of thousands of political prisoners who are being imprisoned , tortured and executed and who everyone who is speaking out against assad disappears ? 
  you believe after he has won he will release all those people ( those who has not killed i mean ) , say whoopsi and then those people will just be okay with it and run against him ? 
   and do you know how can you prove to me that he will prosecute them ? 
  because he is prosecuting them right now and his entire survival depends on prosecuting them in the future . 
  there are millions of people whose family members got imprisoned , tortured , barrel bombed , poisoned , raped , looted , beaten and whatever nasty thing you can imagine by assads troops and who hate him with every inch of their being and the only way to keep them low is with a iron fist . 
  additionally there are millions of syrians who have now lived for the first time in their live in a free society who would be coming back with a much more clearer vision on how such a society can work and assad would need to crack down hard on everyone who would speak to loud about his experiences if he wants to avoid the rebellion . 
  the system assad created requires on violence and oppression to work and without it it falls apart faster than germans drink their beer . 
   you are an idiot to believe assad would prosecute them he needs people to rebuild his country so he can be their dictator . 
  which shows you know nothing about assad or the conflict . 
  assad survival depends on the fact that he has to oppress the population and hunt political dissidents . 
  he also does n't give two shits about rebuilding the country if he would , he would not have helped destroying it in the first place . 
   and the situation is not much more complex you ca n't say you value human rights while you support the biggest terrorist and fundamental islam exporter in the world , who is also waging war and doing genocide to the people of yemen is killing homosexuals and jailing women for being raped the situation is always more complex . 
  the eu and usa acting hypocritcal towards sa does not mean they ca n't consider human rights ever not that the problem with supporting assad is one of human rights . 
  then you are idiot because frankly the situation is much more complex than saying hurr durr saudi arabia hurr durr that 's why assad is okay . 
  also you are an idiot for believing that assad would n't prosecute them . 
  he 's an dictator , prosecuting people is what he does . 
  the world is not a football game , were i have to pick a side . 
  just because i do n't support assad , does not mean i agree with the usa or eu on sa . 
  if you think the refugee crisis will end with assad you are being naive . 
  not only wo n't the syrians in europe not return to a syria were a dictator is in place that has no interest in them returning , but the the lion of share of new refugees wo n't come from syria in the first place . 
  syrian refugees have trickled down to insignificant numbers since 2015 . 
  there is no point in discussing with you . 
  for whatever reason you have decided to root for a brutal dictator and mass murder whose disastrous economical policies were the reason for the civil war and who at this point is only in power because iran and russia allow him to and does n't even control half his country . 
  what do you mean , support him ? 
  there is no way the west can support a mass murderer and someone who just two months ago has mass executed [ ten thousands of people ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/07/syrian-regime-hanged-13000-people-mass-executions-military-prison/ ) , especially for the sake for supporting a weak dictator which would be unable to hold on to power without extensive external support . 
  assad is not the best option to gain something to resemble peace in syria because assad does n't even have the power to gain control over the rest of syria . 
  neither side has the ability to win this war at this point , all sides hate each other with very good reason and thus syria wo n't see peace for a very long time .
