lol , germans still obsessed with categorizing other peoples origin . 
  i am from germany and i would shun everyone wearing shoes at home . 
  amish , orthodox jews , evangalicans shun everybody who fall off their god . 
  actually i went a month to german jail when i was younger for not paying a fine . 
  was n't to bad, 
  the world is alot more peaceful these days though, 
  id rather go 4 months to jail than pay 30.000 euros . 
  if trump should pull the usa out of all climate treaties , trump very well could mean the end of humanity, 
  there are at least 3 al natura in the inner city . 
  one at the hafengasse , one at nonnenhaus and one next to the old l\u00f6wenkino, 
  if there is one city that could truly named itself the capital of the hipster it 's fucking t\u00fcbingen . 
  i swear every second shop in the city is an alnatura, 
  what do you do if the african countries you want to dump the people at start opposing the eu ? 
  do you want to invade them ? 
  even if you , then what ? 
  dump the people on the cost to die ? 
  at this point why not just execute them straight away ? 
  why counter china and not work with it ? 
  china has proven to be a much more reliable partner than the usa to europe lately, 
  it 's an art that was never really alive in germany, 
  the real danger is le penn. 
  if le penn wins , it will be the end of the eu . 
  purging the enemy of the states ... 
  it 's funny how all quotes of brexiters more and more sound like something out of a hitler speech . 
  then again , romania has managed it within a few years, 
  we already passed that stage , when they started removing gullinists, 
  or sweden, 
  wiener schnitzel is not deep fried though, 
  wine is not drunken along with food . 
  the standard beverage for hipster student discussing politics and pettiness in berlin is wine . 
  of course , its more popular in mediterranean countries , but you pretend like wine is n't drank in germany to get drunk . 
  there is a reason why even the shittiest club bar has wine on the card . 
  here we go again, 
  how can you make meat without frieing ( or boiling ) it ? 
  these days paella is eaten in all of spain from barcelona down to seville . 
  though i agree that tortilla probably is the dish that is even deeper ingrained in spanish culture . 
  well you got to take into account how differently beer and wine are drunk . 
  a bottle of wine will last me for the night , when in the same time i can drink five beer . 
  also wine is higher in alcohol . 
  obviously beer is still the most popular alcoholic beverage , but wine is way more drunken than you make it out to be . 
  especially girls often drink more wine than beer . 
  why late ? 
  this bus might be running for month now as far as we know, 
  iq happened in the last decade ? 
  that 's like your opinion . 
  in berlin were i studied wine was very popular among students whether it was in drinking in the park or laten night flatmate talks in the kitchen . 
  in bars wine is mostly drunk by women . 
  of course in clubs beer is the drink to go . 
  [ statistically speaking ] ( http://www.worldsoffood.de/specials/was-isst-deutschland/item/1169-wie-viel-wein-trinken-die-deutschen.html ) every german drinks 20 liters of wine a year , but as with alcohol students and young people drink more than older germans , so the real number is probably around 40 liters of wine for students per year . 
  i did n't say it 's more popular than beer , but it is popular with german students , at least the students were i studied . 
  you are just blind . 
  the chart says 45 - 50 liters, 
  i did an erasmus year in rome . 
  all students there were drinking wine ( as well as beer ) . 
  in germany wine is quite popular with students too . 
  especially girls tend to drink more wine than beer, 
  my father has a farm and only hires eastern european despite germans applying too , because eastern european usually are the better workers, 
  na poor people have more kids, 
  woooosh, 
  the reason why they want to check your credit is because you can get quite expensive phones with your plans . 
  you are still ignoring the fact that the uk is getting the vast majority of its imported food from the eu , where there are no tariffs . 
  a big share ? 
  you 're also wrong on tariff levels . 
  the usa average tariff is 16.4 % , and when weighted is 6.6 % . 
  it 's higher in africa : egypt 's average is 12.5 % , weighted to 9.9 % ; morocco 's is 12.9 % , weighted to 12.1 % ; kenya 's average is 15.5 % , weighted to 8.6 % . 
  source ? 
  cause last time i checked the average tariff between the eu and usa is 1.5 % . 
   outside of the eu , the uk can set tariffs to whatever it pleases . 
  if that means dropping tariffs on food to help consumers , then so be it . 
  except for the fact that the uk is already not paying tariffs on most on its imported food . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the uk is getting [ the vast majority of their imported food from the eu ] ( http://qz.com/716156/the-british-import-a-quarter-of-their-food-from-the-eu-and-thats-a-problem/ ) where there are virtually no tariffs . 
  another big share of the food is coming from the usa and northern africa where tariffs averaging between 1 - 2 % and wo n't change with the uk leaving the eu . 
  what , you already do n't have tariffs on the vast majority of food , so no , a falling pound will not make food actually cheaper . 
  the uk is a net importer for food for example , which means food is getting more expensive . 
  so how do companies in the netherlands know whether you are trustworthy enough to give you a phone contract or a payment plane ? 
  in germany banking is not instant . 
  take at least a day . 
  not to mention that many shops in europe do not accept visa or any form of card payments . 
  so how do banks in spain determine your interest rate or whether to give you a phone contract or not ? 
  there are countries without credit scores ? 
  which data on bad debtors is shared within the eu ? 
  given that the uk is an import nation , prices for everyone will rise . 
  what privacy implication ? 
  they would just do what national credit score companies already do, 
  point is , why has n't the eu made any steps into creating a unified creating rating system ? 
  why is there no company tracking the credit score of people over the european union and making it available for all business throughout the union ? 
  his # 40,000 are worth a lot less since then, 
  and nobody is working on coming up with a common standard this ? 
  britons already got poorer since brexit, 
  see , there is the problem you are making , you are confusing alcoholism with the consume of alcohol . 
  can you think of a single country with total prohibition in the history of mankind that was n't an absolute hell hole ? 
  in my experience with dry counties in the usa they are not the happiest places either . 
  generally speaking , places with no alcohol / drugs to buy , are usually places that have not a lot of going for them . 
  there is a reason why through all of human history people were looking for a way to alter their state of mind . 
  absolute soberness is not very natural for people . 
  yet the number of illegal drug users in europe has been stable and or slightly rising for decades despite all attempts to ban drug users . 
  one could argue that it 's not necessarily a good thing if a country consumes to less alcohol . 
  case in point , [ basically all countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) with low alcohol consume are absolute shit holes . 
  i think the difference is more down to nutrition and life style .
