  which is a complete bullshit comparison . 
  the reason why all bosnian refugees could be sent back was because the eu was sitting right in the bosnian government and eufor had thousands of troops in the country . 
  hence why you should compare it with other refugee who came from middle east or africa and there you will see that most african refugees and especially libanese stayed in germany ( hence the huge problem you have with criminal libanese family clans in berlin ) . 
  again look at the ghettos in sweden and netherlands , they are filled with refugees and former refugees . 
  they already wo n't fulfil the first requirement , namely living in germany for 8 years on a `` unbefristeter aufenthaltstitel '' . 
  the best the majority of refugees get will be a endless row of limited aufenthaltstitel . 
  no they wo n't have citizenship since they do n't fullfill no only one but several conditions, 
  unemployement numbers , gdp growth , tax revenues , pick any metric . 
  it 's all a lie and ruse obviously because it does n't fit your narrative and you have determined this by years of extensively studying politics and economics . 
  guess that 's why germany has one of the fastest growing economies and record budget surpluses right now . 
  your opinion seem to be really informed . 
  it comes from a budget surplus which comes from taxes . 
  knowing how to read and write and do basic math by the age of 20 is around 10 years behind what german pupils can do . 
  the education system in syria was n't bad , but a syrian pupil is still around 5 years of learning behind a german one . 
  the major refugee movement in europe from the me and north africa came from somalia and libanon and you can have a look at the swedish suburbs to see how many of them actually returned . 
  if you look at previous refugee crisis , the majority of people will stay in europe . 
  look at sweden or the netherlands were a substantial amount of welfare recipients are refugees or descendent of refugees . 
  refugees might be young but they are also not that young . 
  if you do n't a lot of former education by the age of 20 , you are most likely not going to become a engineer ever . 
  we are not imprisoning anyone in refugee camps overseas as well . 
  they are free to go there or not . 
  you do care about money over saving lifes . 
  i do n't see you donating every penny you have to save starving people . 
  i read one more study than you in any case . 
  omg another great mind mentioning digging holes . 
  like this has n't been discussed and refuted already countless times in this thread . 
  thank god you read the rest of the comment chain without adding your great insight, 
  for which you needed at least 17 years of formal high quality education before hand, 
  i edited it . 
  it 's the study by the bamf now, 
  like you know shit about current trends . 
  have you read the study of the agentur f\u00fcr arbeit ? 
  then i suggest not talking about something you do n't really have that fundated, 
  i literally answered exactly this question about digging holes . 
  you just did n't read it . 
  the eu is currently planning on building refugee camps in africa . 
  imprison reufgees on european soil would be very illegal and against several national , european and international laws and agreements . 
  you can just google integrationstudie . 
  it 's updated frequently and has all relevant data on all metrics concerning minorities in germany . 
  be that as it may , without germany hundreds of thousands of refugees would have been stuck on the balkan, 
  they are not that young . 
  if you are lacking basic education by the age of 20 you are most likely not becoming an engineer . 
  integrationstudie . 
  i ca n't link cause i am on shitty mobile internet here, 
  instead of repeating what has already been said and discussed in this thread you could have just read further instead of immediately reacting to the first thought that crossed your mind . 
  there were already 200k refugees in the balkans with 10k new arriving every day long before merkel said anything . 
  if germany would n't have taken in the balkans would have been fucked, 
  no it 's not . 
  most refugees have not the educational background nor will they ever have it to add anything meaningful to the economy or welfare systems . 
  the recent reports of the agentur f\u00fcr arbeit make that very clear . 
  i do n't belive it 's sustainable . 
  there is a good chance this will cause good problems in the future, 
  again , the entire point of the refugee crisis was not to be a stimulus package , it 's just a side effect of it , so discussing what kind of stimulus package is better , is kind of pointless, 
  because we did n't want 1 million refugees in the first place ? 
  not like germany had that much of a choice . 
  i mean , you do realize that if germany had closed its borders those refugees would have been stuck on the balkans right ? 
  but spending money on refugees is an economic stimulus . 
  that does n't mean that spending money on infrastructure is n't . 
  those two things are not mutually exclusive . 
  refugees were not taken in because of the economic benefits but they are a short term side effect of it, 
  well the money is coming from a budget surplus , so you could taxes , but most of the money would have much smaller leverage effects since most of it would end up on saving accounts and are used by banks which are already investing way to conservatively in germany . 
  spending the money on refugees is a way better direct economic stimulus, 
  digging holes is pointless , building houses , training more police and qualifying refugees is not . 
  if you raised hartz 4 most money would be spend on consumption which can also foster economic growth . 
  there is also zero political will to increase welfare, 
  the majority probably wo n't, 
  majority of turkish people are underemployed , unemployed or working low paying jobs . 
  in berlin 50 % of turkish people are unemployed . 
  agentur f\u00fcr arbeit or the german unemployment agency . 
  right now the prediction is for 60 % of refugees to be integrated in the job market after 6 years with most of them working unqualified low paying work that in average is a net drain on the social system ( because you spend more on the retirement and healthcare costs on those people than they will ever pay on ) . 
  given that they keep correcting their predictions down i would n't be surprised if the numbers of employed refugees will be much lower in 6 years . 
  the entire point of taking in refugees was never about the economy , it boosting the economy in the short term is just a positive side effect . 
  i am not speculating and , as i said , these effects are not about the refugees getting jobs but jobs created through refugees . 
  the current prediction is that after 6 years 60 % of refugees will be integrated into the job market in one way or the other . 
  the money the spend on prostitutes is part of the very small allowence of 150 / 350 $ they get . 
  the prediction for that are really bleak at the moment . 
  the majority of refugees do not nor will they ever have a job that will contribute to the retirement system in any meaningful way . 
  if you are lucky their kids will . 
  nobody ever claimed otherwise, 
  because the money spend to house them , feed them , educate and take care of them cycles right back into the economy . 
  the majority is spend to hire more german police , social workers , teachers , security , construction workers and whatnot and whatever little the refugees get directly is spend right at german supermarkets , bars and probably to a small extent german prostitutes . 
  the entire thing is basically a economic stimulus . 
  no because the refugee crisis also translated into economic growth which in return lead to higher tax revenue . 
  also germany did not spend 20 billion on refugees . 
  more like 14 with another 6 being spend to fight the causes of the refugee crisis abroad . 
  the rules you are talking about are pretty long in our books to not belong to us . 
  or do you mean they do n't belong to us anymore ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  living in eastern europe beats living living anywhere but the west with the exception of singapur and maybe japan and south korea ( though there you work yourself to death ), 
  i do n't know what that means, 
  i know, 
  still do n't know what you trying to say, 
  i have no clue what you trying to say, 
  yeah , sorry , when it comes to it i value the safety and good quality of living of my family , friends , neihhbours and fellow citizen ( in that order ) more than the safety and good living of strangers, 
  hence why i think long term this constitution will be replaced . 
  i mostly agree with whatever nrckbeards call swj though, 
  protestvote , to send a signal , you know , all that kind of stuff, 
  hence why i said `` if '' . 
  do n't delude yourself , in the future we will deal with such amounts of refugees and then germany and the eu will have to make a hard stand on such uncomfortable policies like the hard limitation of refugees regardless of their need for protection . 
  funny how you talking about reading the stuff myself , when you obviously never read it .
