  the best you can hope for is a fractured country with a weak central government and various factions fighting over the rest . 
  why do you think there is a solution ? 
  there is none viable solution except for assad , that 's something assad has made sure of it , and even with assad you are just kicking the can down the road until the next violent uprising . 
  this does n't mean that in the beginning and the end it was assad who has orchestrated this situation and played all sides for purpose and one purpose only ; namely to stay in power . 
  it was assad who started shooting at peaceful demonstrants , it was assad who released and propped up islamists , it was assad who used chemical weapons against his own population , it was assad who barrel bombed mostly sunni neighbourhoods to force a divide the ethnics and force alawites and shia in a death pact to support him , it was assad whose intelligences imprisoned and hunted down any moderate to secular political dissident while leaving islamist in peace . 
  assad did all this because assad wanted assad to stay in power . 
  he went to war because of it , collaborated with the devil and destroyed his own country . 
  he is the only alternative now because he successfully annihilated any legitimate movement of people who just did n't want to be ruled by a guy whose family had been plundering their country for decades . 
  if you truly believe that a election in a country were the current regime has made tens of thousands political dissidents disappear into torture prisons and mass graves is worth even the paper the ballots are written on then you are astonishly naive . 
  also , just on a side note , having [ elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_parliamentary_election,_2016 ) when you are effectively the only one who can be elected , is n't that much of a risk for assad . 
  first of all , there is no reliable poll or study showing what ` most syrian support ' so it is completely impossible for you to make any definitive statement especially from bulgaria . 
  if you claim otherwise , i 'd love to see your sources . 
  even if most syrians support him just comes to show how effective his tactics were in using the islamists to undermine a revolution that originally was completely the fault of his disastrous and corrupt economic policies . 
  second of all , the `` revolution '' was not sponsored by saudi arabia , certain islamist groups are sponsored by saudi arabia after assad helped create them . 
  third of all , if you truly believe assad is ready to give up any of his power then i can see why you would believe that assad , the same men who plundered the country for years , is responsible for barrel bombing hundreds of thousands of civilians and released thousands of jihadis out of prison onto his population , is sympathetic to his people . 
  as you are said , we are getting into / r/syriancivilwar here , but i am unsure why you are claiming that moderate rebels were fiction , then going ahead and describe a single rebel group in a single region . 
  obviously a revolution in a country as fractured and torn as syria will bring many groups to the light of the day but regardless of the fact at least in the beginning the revolution consisted to not a not small part of students and intellectuals and a by assads disastrous economical policies disenfranchised rural population , which at least in the beginning was just in it for the prospect of a better living . 
  the reason for the revolution were not religious one , or even political but mostly economical and it was the regime that did everything in its power to give rise to what were in the beginning relatively weak islamists factions . 
  i am simply more informed about the conflict than you are . 
  it 's not a secret that assad let thousands of jihadis out of prison in the beginning of the war to undermine the revolution . 
  no , it would n't be . 
  assad is a brutal dictator that ruined syria and has played a huge role in creating and making islamist as strong as they are today . 
  yeah everyone who has been in bosnia knows this is complete bullshit . 
  something most people do n't understand is that most government in the middle east have zero interest in destroying islammists because they are the most perfect tool to completely undermine and poison any legitimate cause their opponents might have . 
  this is why assad tolerated the `` jihads highway '' through his country and let thousands of islammists out of his prison in the beginning of the civil war while at the same cracking down hard on peaceful moderate demonstrates in the successful attempt to have the jihadis take over the rebellion so he could turn around and claim himself to be the only reasonable alternative . 
  netherlands suffers weimarer syndrom, 
  you have a source for cars , clothes and electronics ? 
  i get that and i am not necessarily opposed to it , but what i do n't get , simply , if these products are so shit , * why * do you buy them ? 
  i am going to eastern europe quite often for business and every time i am there i never buy this shit in the supermarkets because the local markets offer much better food . 
  well if you continue to buy nutella than obviously you like it just enough . 
  but real chicken is cheaper than chicken nuggets ? 
  well , i think there is a good amount of people who would care , but those kind of people would not vote for macron anyway . 
  homophobia is still wide spread among older , rural and less educated people . 
  as hard as it might sound , but while this is nice , it is not really necessary for us in the eu whether china is holding them up or not . 
  without comparing the entire system such comparison are meaningless . 
  sure , berlin city hall has 207 employees but each city district has its own city hall , so the overall number of employees in all city halls in berlin is much higher, 
  without comparing the entire system such comparison are meaningless . 
  sure , berlin city hall has 207 employees but each city district has its own city hall , so the overall number of employees in all city halls in berlin is much higher, 
  read the article instead of speculating without background knowledge . 
  also the reason why new balance shoes are not `` much more expensive than most sneakers '' is because 70 % of value is the product of foreign labour / resources . 
  edit : i linked to a article of the wall street journal describing how 70 % of the value of new balance shoes is the product of foreign labour but wsj get automatically banned here . 
  google wsj new balance shoes made and you 'll find the article . 
  you are just giving phrases from you at this point . 
  you ca n't negotiate from a position of weakness and you ca n't negotiate a `` win-win '' agreement if the other side thinks it can impose its will onto you . 
  negotiation generally only works if you can walk away from negotiation if you do n't like the terms . 
  everything else is blackmail and blackmail never works out well for the blackmailed . 
  which is why you need to demonstrate strength or otherwise you get steam rolled in negotiations . 
  like i said appeasement policies do not work and never have ( which is why you could n't come up with a good example ), 
  now you are just getting silly . 
  there is a really nice comparison a german textile company has made . 
  most of their t-shirts are produced in china / asia and are reasonable price . 
  last year they tried to produce a special line in germany and it was over double the price for what was the same kind of t-shirt made from the same materials . 
  if you do n't believe that producing in the west with significant higher labour ( a german workers earns 5 - 10 times more than a chinese workers ) , infrastructure and tax costs than you are frankly delusional . 
  [ the business insider has done the math ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/how-much-products-would-cost-if-made-in-us-2016-11?ir=t )  an evaluation by marketplace looked into the hypothetical cost of an american-made iphone , and came up with a similar estimate . 
  if all the components were made in the us , they suggest , that could push the cost up to $ 600 , which would mean the phone could retail for as much as $ 2000 . 
  it 's suicide for the us as well and they will have election in 2018 when the first economic fallout is really felt . 
  once trumps starts it , there will be no choice but to retaliate, 
  oh believe me they are cheap compared to what you would pay if they would n't come from china . 
   see : every standing peace agreement you do realize that peace agreements come after the war not before and are the complete opposite of appeasement policies which the preemptive surrender of a party to appease the other in hope they stop its aggression , right ? 
   america and the uk did n't exactly start on the best of terms , now we 're perhaps each-others ' closest allies . 
  lol . 
  thank you for this sentence . 
  i mean , everybody knows how back in the day the usa appeased the uk by not starting a war and kicking them out of the country . 
  great thinking . 
   then the world economy collapses . 
  america quite literally has the world by the nuts , if they want a `` fairer '' trade deal - they are going to get it . 
  you do realize that would include the american economy right ? 
  this like saying america has the world by the nuts because it can blow itself up and take the rest with them . 
  by the same logic the eu has the world by the nuts too because if we started to enact trade wars against everyone the world economy would collapse as wlel . 
   the eu will be forced to capitulate and sign a trade agreement far worse for the eu . 
  that 's like your opinion . 
  fact is though , in a trade war with the eu the usa has it much to lose as the eu . 
  if they also start a trade war with china and mexico , they would be in a significant worse situation then we are and american companies , who rely on the high techonolgy goods from europe and the cheap resources and goods from china and mexico , would be less competitive compared to european companies who still have access to them . 
   they have actually . 
  cool show me a example of appeasement policies that have worked as well compared to when they failed badly . 
  i am waiting . 
  he said typing on cheap electronics all produces in china, 
  yeah appeasement policies really have shown to work throughout history , lol . 
  i do n't really know what you mean by `` winning '' as well , in a full blown out trade war , both the eu and the usa would slip into a deep , deep recession , so nobody would really win . 
  i am not really sure why you think the eu has no leverage . 
  the usa is exporting close to 600b to the eu . 
  i also like how you think how the eu should not prepare for trade war , when the usa is already threatening with one , because `` that would show no commitment to negotiations '' . 
   but plenty of countries in eastern europe do trade with russia and it hurts them . 
  well if you look in the growth rate of ee and russia in the last three years , ee is clearly not hurting as much as russia . 
  they do n't ? 
  one should prepare for war in times of peace . 
  again the eu does n't want a trade war , but you are weakening your own negotiation position if you do n't prepare for one . 
  sometimes you ca n't prevent a war from beginning , ask the uk and its appeasement policy before the start of ww2 about that . 
  europe does n't want a trade war , but should react if the usa starts one . 
  why would n't you prepare ? 
  should europe should just do nothing if the usa starts a trade war ? 
   europe , china is not our friend , a business partner at best that we should keep at arms length currently the eu aligns on more important topics with china than the usa like how to combat climate change , free world wide trade and the need for green energies and , in contrary to the usa , trying to not break up the eu . 
  i am not saying that the eu should align with china , but lets not pretend that the current us administration is , in contrary to china , hostile towards the eu and its goal . 
  you are also above most african countries, 
  on a 100.000 men so not that much either . 
  if its any consolidation , you are only paired with the usa in terms of murder rate . 
  overall suicide is at 12.5, 
  18 is not high , its average for a european country . 
  i think turkish people in germany are considerably better integrated than moroccans in belgium . 
  the studies i 've read that young turkish better are better integrated than their parents and identify as german .
