  again , it was not the western media making the claim but the un, 
  it 's almost impossible to gain tis kind of evidence in the middle of a war zone . 
  if the un humans right office speaks of credible sources , one can trust it as they have a pretty good track record . 
  certainly you can trust them over som internet putin shill . 
  they did not say such a thing . 
   the un human rights office has received credible reports of scores of civilians being killed -- either by intense bombardment or summary execution by pro-government forces . 
  dozens of bodies reportedly litter the streets of a number of east aleppo neighbourhoods , with residents unable to retrieve them due to the intense bombardment and fear of being shot . 
  government forces and their allies are also reportedly entering civilian homes and killing people . 
  multiple sources have reported that pro-government forces killed at least 82 civilians , including 11 women and 13 children , in the bustan al-qasr , al-ferdous , al-kallaseh , and al-saleheen neighbourhoods yesterday . 
  thousands of people who remain in areas under the control of armed groups are at risk of grave violations , including detentions , torture and killings . 
  - see more at : http://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?newsid=21024&amp;langid=e#sthash.cekqfkcn.dpuf, 
   un human rights office is a bit of a joke though , with the likes of saudi arabia and uae in the council , and the president being a jordanian monarch . 
  that 's the humans right council you are thinking off . 
  they are not the same . 
  you have virtually no clue where the un reports are coming from , so fuck off\u00df i trust the un if it speaks about credible sources and not some litlte shill troll on the internet . 
  the un has a pretty good track record in those kind of things after . 
   the un human rights office has received credible reports of scores of civilians being killed -- either by intense bombardment or summary execution by pro-government forces . 
  dozens of bodies reportedly litter the streets of a number of east aleppo neighbourhoods , with residents unable to retrieve them due to the intense bombardment and fear of being shot . 
  government forces and their allies are also reportedly entering civilian homes and killing people . 
  multiple sources have reported that pro-government forces killed at least 82 civilians , including 11 women and 13 children , in the bustan al-qasr , al-ferdous , al-kallaseh , and al-saleheen neighbourhoods yesterday . 
  thousands of people who remain in areas under the control of armed groups are at risk of grave violations , including detentions , torture and killings . 
  - see more at : http://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?newsid=21024&amp;langid=e#sthash.cekqfkcn.dpuf, 
   the un human rights office has received credible reports of scores of civilians being killed -- either by intense bombardment or summary execution by pro-government forces . 
  dozens of bodies reportedly litter the streets of a number of east aleppo neighbourhoods , with residents unable to retrieve them due to the intense bombardment and fear of being shot . 
  government forces and their allies are also reportedly entering civilian homes and killing people . 
  multiple sources have reported that pro-government forces killed at least 82 civilians , including 11 women and 13 children , in the bustan al-qasr , al-ferdous , al-kallaseh , and al-saleheen neighbourhoods yesterday . 
  thousands of people who remain in areas under the control of armed groups are at risk of grave violations , including detentions , torture and killings . 
  - see more at : http://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?newsid=21024&amp;langid=e#sthash.cekqfkcn.dpuf, 
  see , one can easily tell what a propaganda troll you are by the fact how resort to straight out lying . 
  thankfully it is so easy to proven . 
  the un has not stated that their claims are ` unconfirmed ' , but that they have credible sources within the city ( which for obvious reason have to remain anonymous ) who have confirmed the claims . 
  to cite the un itself :  the un human rights office has received credible reports of scores of civilians being killed -- either by intense bombardment or summary execution by pro-government forces . 
  dozens of bodies reportedly litter the streets of a number of east aleppo neighbourhoods , with residents unable to retrieve them due to the intense bombardment and fear of being shot . 
  government forces and their allies are also reportedly entering civilian homes and killing people . 
  multiple sources have reported that pro-government forces killed at least 82 civilians , including 11 women and 13 children , in the bustan al-qasr , al-ferdous , al-kallaseh , and al-saleheen neighbourhoods yesterday . 
  thousands of people who remain in areas under the control of armed groups are at risk of grave violations , including detentions , torture and killings . 
  - see more at : http://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?newsid=21024&amp;langid=e#sthash.cekqfkcn.dpuf, 
  i am not repeating the msm hysteria you putin fuckboy , i repeat the claims of the uno , amnesty international and doctors without borders . 
  actually i did , because unlike people like you , i do n't turn his war into a meaningless competition of my side vs. their side , i can watch from the side lines like a voyeur to argue about on the internet in absence of anything real going on in my life . 
  the rebels that remained in alleppo were mostly piece of shit islamists monsters and fuck them , skin them alive , but how does this excuse anything the government does ? 
  the only side i am on at this point , is on he side of the civilians trapped in the slaughterhouse assad and the islamists have turned the country into . 
  fuck them all and throw them in the fire . 
   are we to take active rebel tweeps ' word for the massacre ? 
  we only see reports up until now . 
  if we are to only take reports , we can also take reports of rebels shooting at civilians trying to flee to the government and kurdish-held areas . 
  no , we are taking the word of the uno , doctors without borders and amnesty international word for , as well as the guardian , the bbc and spiegel . 
   we also can mention the rebel 's hell-cannons and shells into west aleppo , tunnel bombs , suicide vehicle bombs ( so moderate ) and beheadings ( so so moderate ) . 
  i feel pretty sure 1,5 m people in west and 100k in the east aleppo are glad that these are over for the time being and can move just a bit forward . 
  yeah i know the rebels were pieces of shit too , now what ? 
  how am i supposed to react to your whataboutism ? 
  does that make what the government does to civilians any better ? 
  lol , unlike you armchair general , i actually have witnessed what war can do , so spare me your emphaticless catchphrases you learned from playing to much command and conquor . 
  you have no fucking clue what war means . 
  the closest thing to a war you ever came was when you were bullied in high school . 
   good job moving the goalposts , that does n't answer my request . 
  we are n't talking about what happened before , it 's about what happens in aleppo right now . 
  you just said what msm pulled out of their ass and what has n't been in any way verified . 
  by the way , i do n't deny that the regime is far from perfect , but it 's the best they have at this point . 
  it was n't the msm but the uno and also doctors without borders and amnesty international . 
   yeah , right , when my city is taken over by islamist zealots , it is better to go outside and channel my dormant acting talent into this happy act , because it is safer than barring the doors and hiding at home . 
  do you i really need to link to videos with exactly that happening ? 
   you do n't think they 're happy and relieved it stopped ? 
  sure they are . 
  like the people of warsaw were happy when the nazis stopped bombing them  so say the insurgents and their supporters . 
  and the un , doctors without borders , amnesty international and various reputable news sources, 
  there have n't been a single confirmed report . 
  there have been numerous ` confirmed ' reports by the uno about massacres ( confirmed as in confirmed by the people uno and other organisation have locally , which for obvious reason have to remain anonymous . 
  not that you would believe them anyway cause you are the kind of guy who thinks assad would never do such a thing even there are hundreds of proven massacres commited by government troops throughout the entire war , not to mention the fact that assad and russia very visible barrel and cluster bombed the city for months  no happy people here , this is the way syrians in aleppo express their grief - with upbeat music , cheering and dancing . 
  you can literally see people cheering regardless of who comes to town . 
  there are videos of people cherring when isis came and videos of people cherring when the rebels came . 
  cherring is a form of survival tactic since you hope they guys you are cherring for are less inclined to kill you, 
  you know , you can be against nusra & co and also assad ? 
  both faction have proven to be absolutely monsters and assads troops just massacred a bunch of civiians, 
  i doubt the people were toohappy about it after being barrel and cluster bombed for years . 
  oh and then the ` restorators ' started massacering almost immediatly once the entered, 
  source ? 
  seems like the sun or the lack of it is a pretty obvious factor, 
  it has spiked dramatically , but overall remains low when compared to all of europe , but high when compared to south of europe  the mean suicide rate overall rose by 35 % between 2010 and 2012 , from 3.37 to 4.56 / 100 000 population . 
  the suicide mortality rate for men increased from 5.75 ( 2003 -- 2010 ) to 7.43 / 100 000 ( 2011 -- 2012 ; p < 0.01 ) . 
  among women , the suicide rate also rose , albeit less markedly , from 1.17 to 1.55 ( p = 0.03 ) . 
  when differentiated by age group , suicide mortality increased among both sexes in the age groups 20 -- 59 and  60 years . 
  we found that each additional percentage point of unemployment was associated with a 0.19 / 100 000 population rise in suicides ( 95 % ci 0.11 to 0.26 ) among working age men . 
  source : http://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/5/3/e007295.full, 
  could be , statistically speaking though there are more kosovo albanians in western europe than albanians, 
  so are countries in western europe christians or secular ? 
   for 2005 - 2010 muslims birthrate in germany was 0.5 higher . 
  projected for 2025 - 2030 is to be 0.3 higher . 
  that 's what i said was n't it ? 
  above native germans but below replacement rate, 
  oh i agree with you . 
  albania is probably one of the most secular countries with a majority muslim population . 
  what even is a christian country ? 
  or a buddhist country ? 
  most countries are secular anyway as is albania . 
  they are probably kosovo albanians not albanians from albania . 
  unless they came with the ` civil war ' in the 90s, 
  yeah several times actually, 
  i 've been and compared to most countries it is n't too bad . 
  especially compared to countries in the middle east . 
  it 's democratic , it 's secular , there are no ethnic or religious tension , no fundamentalism , the economy is growing , corruption is getting slightly better every year , tourism is growing , probably a member of the eu the next 2 decades ... overall the are improving although just very slowly .
