  i 'm jealous that you have n't read the series yet and it 's all new to you !, 
  ok , like i said i do n't support the law but i do n't support deniers either but i 'll play devil 's advocate . 
  you can show me ` evidence ' all day long but do n't have to accept your evidence as fact unless it is credible . 
  if you ca n't prove something to my satisfaction , i do n't have to believe your story and i am entitled to my own views . . 
  if you are proceeding from the standpoint that something that extraordinary occurred , the burden of proof is on you not on me . 
  therefore , it is n't ignorance , it is the base state of ` prove it ' and you saying ` disprove it ' instead . 
  let 's say i give you a picture of mars with little green men . 
  i say , `` that 's definitive proof of alien life '' and then forbid you from questioning me . 
  in fact , i say that if you question me , the government will jail you . 
  do n't you see anything wrong with this way of looking at things ? 
  unless we can openly and rigorously debate something , you are forcing a way of thinking on people . 
  ironically , that is exactly what the nazis and soviets did during their reign which is what you claim you want to prevent . 
  what about , `` i do n't believe your proof , think its fabricated , or that its misleading . '', 
  look , let 's just agree that you think keeping people from being offended is more important than free speech . 
  its wrongthink to question the state 's official version of events which is the only truth about said events . 
  we have always been at war with eastasia . 
  while i think denying genocide is a douchey thing to do , what really worries me is when this stretches . 
  outlawing dissent in any form is an injury to free thinking peoples everywhere . 
  he personally helped the nazis seize property and identify jews when they were in power . 
  literally . 
  he said in an interview in the last few years that he has no regrets and does n't feel anything negative about his actions in this area . 
  not a great guy . 
  many politicians would n't have been as committed to the eu if they had a sweet trade deal offered to them but merkel 's life experience give her a different perspective . 
  if le pen wins and negotiates with the u.s. independently , other countries might see the need to sell out - and before you can `` that ca n't happen because of laws '' its all about realpolitik . 
  hey man , tucker is pretty good - at least entertaining and good at calling out bullshit on both sides . 
  this is very possible . 
  assuming that le pen gets to the second election , which she almost certainly will , there are two ways it could play out . 
  the main distinction between france and the us/uk is that people have a chance to think about their decision before they vote again . 
  when people realize that le pen has a real chance of winning , i think that a lot will migrate to the remaining candidate to avoid collapsing the eu . 
  when people realize that le pen has a real chance of winning , i think that a lot will migrate to the remaining candidate to avoid collapsing the eu . 
  the real question is how much the attacks over the past years will end up helping her chances - people are really angry about what is going on and its very tempting to support someone who says they can fix the main issue . 
  macron , i do n't think will have enough support and it will shock people . 
  he does n't have enough experience to say ` trust me ' but he 's trying to cast himself as innovative instead . 
  he 's trying to run as an outsider but is getting outflanked by le pen . 
  since he ca n't take the traditional role of reformer , i think he 'll be a lot of people 's second choice and not get enough support to get into the second vote . 
  if he does get into the second round , i think he 'll win only if he starts being really substantive and gets the people either excited about him or afraid of le pen . 
  as for fillon ... sigh . 
  he 's corrupt and shady ( though probably not more so than many people in his position ) and that 's going to hurt him dramatically . 
  that said , he can run against the current government to show that he is so far from their policies that they can do anything to get him knocked out . 
  he 's also got a very solid party support and i think some of the other parties will back him to avoid the alternative . 
  i think he has a good shot of beating le pen in a runoff but wo n't have any sort of mandate and will have to cut a ton of deals to get anything done . 
  honestly , i feel bad for those who wanted to stay in but think that the uk leaving is probably best for the eu as a whole . 
  the status quo where the uk was the more equal of the pigs was n't sustainable long term . 
  is this a fringe view in estonia ? 
  if so , its an incredible shame - the country seems wonderful and is one i 'm considering living in long term . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  the ak platform was ideally suited for those tactics but the role of the individual weapon has changed significantly in the past couple decades . 
  a rifle is now more of a personal defense weapon as opposed to an offensive weapon . 
  my m4 really is to help me get in position to employ heavy weapons and hold a position once there against unexpected threats . 
  if i 'm going on offense , i want to gain fire superiority as quickly and decisively as possible . 
  if someone takes pot shots with an svd , i 'll use my mortar section . 
  if someone uses an ak , i 'll call up the m240b . 
  if someone uses a rpk , i 'll call up the browning m1 . 
  if someone uses mortars , i 'll call artillery or an air strike . 
  and so on and so on . 
  like i said , the m4 is fine for how i use it but if i 'm in a fair fight with just what i 'm carrying , its a bad day overall . 
  i want to use combined arms and technology to unbalance the playing field as much as possible in my favor - a rifle just is n't a huge part of that anymore . 
  the ak-74 pattern is a bit basic but ideal for a conscript-based military . 
  i had some trigger time with one , so i 'll give my observations and opinions . 
  the 5.45 round has nice yaw potential but the fragmentation at range is seriously lacking . 
  its simple to operate and easy to learn for most people . 
  reliability , ease of cleaning/repair , and simplicity to build is unmatched but the trade off for loose tolerances is reduced accuracy . 
  for me , the main deal breaker is the ergonomics and the weight . 
  magazine changes , charging action , grip dynamics , sight placement , and overall comfort were cutting edge when the ak-47 was designed but the legacy design does n't compare to more modern rifles . 
  my biggest gripe though is weight - the thing is heavy as hell . 
  for reference , my m4 with laser , light , and optic is about the same weight as a bare bones ak-74 and that 's the deal breaker for me as i know how much of an edge those components give in the field and what the weight penalty for adding them to the kalashnikov would run . 
  overall , its a fine rifle but i 'm glad i 've got my m4 . 
  i think we are on the same page about the crux of the issue even if we differ in philosophy somewhat . 
  i 'm a u.s. attorney . 
  in my view , international law is n't really binding because it conflicts directly with national sovereignty and is n't really recognized by courts as more than an influencer . 
  though i do n't have evidence , my gut tells me that my view is more prevalent in common law countries while yours is more prevalent in code law countries . 
  i 'm all for things like the geneva convention , un convention on law of the sea , etc. 
  but see them as generally guideposts to influence national policy in the aspirational sense rather than as binding absolutely . 
  it is a real problem that we have mixed economic migrants into the refugee issue . 
  the people they are hiring are frequently involved with organized crime and/or islamic extremist groups . 
  what worries me is the idea that they wo n't go back to the middle east because it wo n't ever be ` safe enough ' to return the refugees and thus the economic migrants will stay too . 
  the problem is that people are getting out into open waters , deliberately sinking their boats , then frontex literally delivers them to italy/spain/greece because they do n't think they can take them back . 
  this is one of those times that ` international law ' ( a totally nebulous concept in the best of times ) needs to cave to realpolitik . 
  people will always find a way but it 's about increasing the risk and decreasing the reward . 
  do you really think people will go and deliberately sink boats if they know the coast guard is going to return them to the shithole they came from ? 
  great list !, 
  i 'll add full biometric registration of all persons and forcing them to prove nationality as a precursor to any other services . 
  basically , the laws are just changed when an amendment is added . 
  amendments are normally very specifically targeted at a small issue . 
  its really hard to get amendments passed and ratified so they are n't a frequent occurrence and do n't mess up existing laws too much . 
  yep , actually , its happened before . 
  the 18th amendment instituted prohibition and the 21st revoked the 18th . 
  agreed , albeit one with a higher level of danger and sacrifice . 
  there are a lot of jobs like that : police , firefighters , etc. 
  as a veteran , i see it as another job and get really uncomfortable when people praise me for my service . 
  i gave them four years and they covered costs for my college and gave me a job for a bit - seems like a fair trade . 
  yeah - but estonia is basically the texas of europe . 
  and i mean that in the best and most loving way possible !, 
  agreed . 
  as a white american who has worked with native americans in my job , i have seen the effects of unchecked immigration on an indigenous population and do n't want that to happen to europe or to america . 
  i 'm all for immigration of people who want to fully integrate into the local culture but am totally against the influx of people who bring the most radical forms of political and religious expression . 
  agreed - if the monarchy were ever abolished , i would pay a pretty penny to go tour all of the castles/palaces there but have zero interest in going to view a collection of rooms that the royals are n't using today . 
  all the perks with none of the burden of being king hanging over your head sounds quite nice . 
  to be fair , a lot of countries did this after the war for various reasons . 
  looking back it was incredibly shitty but that 's global politics for ya .
