what are the chances the coalition falls apart when they realize they actually need to get stuff done ? 
  by far one of the best analyses i have seen today . 
  yeah , even with trump justices i think its gone sooner rather than later . 
  a number of the sitting justices are fairly skeptical of the death penalty and there are solid legal arguments against the practice . 
  how you doin ' ? 
  yeah man , that 's the best comment in this thread . 
  neither europe nor america will fall apart . 
  nato will remain intact . 
  russia is n't going to roll into your backyard anytime soon . 
  thanks for keeping a level head . 
  fwiw , i think that the supreme court will end up abolishing the death penalty in the next few years as cruel and unusual . 
  there are a few cases working their way through the court system that have very strong legal arguments in favor of abolishment . 
  source : u.s. lawyer, 
  ... possibly quite literally . 
  its posturing meant for an internal audience within the us . 
  the stuff coming out on wikileaks is really damaging to clinton so obama is trying to blame russia as a distraction from the content . 
  if we really launched my a cyber attack , no one would know about it until months later and it would never be attributed to the us officially . 
  was n't his ... fondness for the nazis a big part of it too ? 
  yeah , i 've seen the gpnvg-18s before but have n't ever used them personally but i 've used an an/pvs -14 monocular on a few occasions . 
  on the retail market , pvs-14s are about $ 4000 usd but the military gets a substantial volume discount as they are standard issue . 
  even though the pvs-14 is far less capable than the top end models , the advantage that they give you over an enemy who is not similarly equipped is simply staggering . 
  considering that , i 'm glad that we spent the money on developing that tech but i use night vision as an example where the u.s. is far ahead of most other countries and others would need substantial investment to catch up . 
  exactly , because that combat proven technology and tactics employed by the u.s. came at one hell of a cost . 
  the stuff the u.s. military is using now was developed over a decade and a half of war with heavy demands and cost a bundle . 
  i 'll tell you that the first time i used night vision and an ir weapon designator , i was beyond blown away by how cool it was and how much more effective i was at night but then i think about the cost of development over years and what that long could have been spent on outside of defense . 
  if someone is starting from scratch , it 's just not cost effect be to have comparable military hardware to an expeditionary fighting force unless there is an active need for that hardware in a conflict zone . 
  am i still allowed to appreciate pretty women in dirndls ? 
  british food is great . 
  i love lamb korma and chicken curry !, 
  so , finns really are so cold that they need the sauna to keep from ending up a block of ice ? 
  if it is actually massively scaled down right now , there is no guarantee that it wo n't massively increase in the near future . 
  reunification with other family members in germany is a potential problem - as is the potential for turkey to walk away from the deal and let thousands of people into europe . 
  america : you wo n't believe what this russian soldier did !, 
   well if that 's the only hurdle does n't sound so insurmountable now , does it ? 
  the problem is that access to the single market includes free movement of people . 
  while i do think that everyone should pay the 2 % , we have a vested interest in remaining in europe . 
  on most key issues the u.s. and europe are aligned , even if we bicker about the way things are ultimately handled . 
  with nato , we can easily provide material support and intelligence for european nations when they carry out their own activities . 
  plus , our bases in europe , germany and italy in particular , serve as essential forward staging areas for our activities worldwide . 
  we would be stupid to give those up because it would dramatically complicate military logistics . 
  the awb was designed to sunset after a specific number of years . 
  the anti-gun politicians rolled the dice that they would be in power when it expired and lost . 
  despite that , some states have put their own bans in place . 
  not even that really - us winter warfare doctrine just does n't call for much for overland travel during these conditions . 
  generally , we use mechanized units , air assets , or engineers to get where we are going then operate out of fixed forward positions in the snow . 
  agreed . 
  hillary clinton is not bill clinton and wo n't pull in close to the numbers the polls are predicting . 
  people do n't really like or trust her and are n't excited to go pull the lever . 
  i 've worked in politics for a minute and think trump is going to take fl oh and pa. . trump has a huge appeal to blue collar workers and union members in the rust belt because of his economic policies . 
  in florida , i think that a lack of enthusiasm for clinton will be the cause more than any excitement for trump . 
  the problem is that fixes are often unpopular in the short term leading to long term stability . 
  a leader who shifts positions based on the will of the public will not have the commitment necessary to carry policies to fruition . 
  there is a difference between changing a stance because it is wrong and changing a stance because it is unpopular . 
  given the past 1,000 years or so , i 'm comfortable saying it will probably still be terrible . 
  there are massive historical , social , cultural , economic , and situational differences between bosnia the me/na . 
  considering that only a fraction of the people trying to get in are refugees , there is no way that most of the migrants will go back willingly . 
  whenever i hear about someone 's possible conversion , i get cynical . 
  converting to christianity is punishable by death under islam . 
  the migrants `` convert '' so that they can protest that they will be put to death if they are sent back and the law will allow them to stay . 
  if this is what it takes to get them to change their stance , so be it . 
  the army runs a mountain warfare school in vermont and colorado that teaches winter courses on travel in snow , cold-weather climbing , survival , and such but they also run more straight up mountaineering programs in the summer . 
   and how would you have gathered the necessary political clout for a military operation in northern syria ? 
  this is what people forget when they talk about creating a `` safe zone '' in the middle east . 
  putting military people on the ground is the only way to do this effectively with the current conditions in syria . 
  `` politicians and diapers must be changed often , and for the same reason . '' - mark twain, 
  its a great rifle but what works for special operations forces is n't always the best choice for conventional line soldiers . 
  the hk416 was designed as a close quarters combat rifle that could be run suppressed at a high rate of fire and was capable of being summered in salt water . 
  this is great for when you 're doing raids on houses or street to street fighting because that 's what 's needed for those operations . 
  special operations forces have the luxury of traveling fully equipped with multiple weapon systems for varied conditions and can choose what platform they are using depending on the mission . 
  a rifle for conventional line soldiers by contrast has other needs that i 'm not sure the hk416 meets . 
  the rifle is great in a short barrel but feels way too front heavy when running with a 14.5 '' carbine length ( but this just might be my own familiarity with the m4 ) . 
  i do n't think that an adjustable gas block or the piston driven assembly that hk is using ( tight tolerances ) belong on a general issue rifle . 
  most infantrymen are n't going to fire full auto or run suppressors so i 'm not sure the trade offs in weight or maintenance are worth the advantages of the new rifle . 
  it 's hard to explain unless you grew up with it . 
  i think , for me , it has to do with my family . 
  i remember my polish grandmother making recipes she learned as a child . 
  celebrating christmas with traditions from all over europe because that 's what my parents did . 
  i can think of a million other little and big things i do based on my ancestry and our family traditions so it 's one of the reasons i 've embraced my heritage . 
  if you speak estonian , you are basically estonian ? 
  desired trait ? 
  as someone with blue eyes that 's good to know !, 
  honestly , i 'd even be ok with canada joining because of the cultural ties . 
  there is a european cultural identity that should be the deciding factor if all other requirements are met . 
  says the guy from brazil who suspiciously is aware of nazi whereabouts ... we 've all seen the movie !, 
  eh ... i think they were but no longer are . 
  the eu can survive without the uk , even if it 's painful at first . 
  i do n't have any desire to see the uk suffer but think that the negotiations should ensure the best interests of the eu even if it 's detrimental to the uk . 
  no , they are n't but the media is trying to equate them to push a narrative . 
  unfavorable has a stronger negative connotation than tough as it sounds like there is a punishment aspect . 
  tough just means that the sides will have to compromise and neither will get everything they want . 
  exactly . 
  i think the problem is going to be that the brits view anything less than the status quo without free movement as a punishment . 
  that 's just not realistic . 
  so what will the uk offer to balance no freedom of movement ? 
  essentially , you are opting out of the single market and passporting if you say no to free movement of people . 
  i for one welcome our new ginger overlords !, 
  in all seriousness though , ireland is becoming more and more attractive for international business by the day . 
  i 'll be very glad if you guys take a chunk of the financial and legal services business from the uk because it will only strengthen the positions of our companies that are already operating in ireland . 
  it 's legal but incredibly shitty . 
  while any country should be free to set its own immigration policies - it seems antithetical to modern liberalism for a persons religion to be determinative .
