  plus , you know that whole hereditary monarchy thing is just a wee bit antidemocratic . 
  considering greece cooked the books to get in the eu in the first place and that the government has been incompetent and corrupt for decades , i think the eu had been beyond generous in dealing with the greeks . 
  but honestly - why should you get that ? 
  what advantage does the rest of the eu gain in exchange for the massive economic influx that would occur from moving finance out of the uk ? 
  why is a watered down freedom of movement acceptable when you still want the advantages of the single market ? 
  it 's a different situation . 
  trump is as despicable as any leave promoter ... but the only viable alternative is clinton . 
  i would also like to know the answer to u/matude 's question !, 
  ... and the lack of free movement of labor has devastated major industries in major u.s. sectors . 
  i 'm all for free trade but nafta simply does n't work as implemented because of the massive disparity between the u.s. and mexican regulatory schemes and labor markets . 
  essentially , nafta is less free trade and more managed trade . 
  a better example would be a free movement agreement between the u.s. and canada . 
  sure but ... is n't that basically what you guys had under the deal negotiated by cameron ? 
  really , i do n't see how the uk can get what it wants ( single market access for services ) without giving into what the eu wants ( free movement of people without major restrictions ) . 
  there is a zero chance that the eu is going to offer a better arrangement than the uk already had and they are going to push hard to disallow euro denominated currency clearing by uk banks . 
  because access to the single market will never happen without free movement of people . 
  put bluntly : there is nothing valuable enough that the uk could offer in exchange for financial passporting without being a part of the single market . 
  without free movement of people , millions of eu citizens would be blocked from working in the financial sector in any meaningful way or accessing capital markets because they would n't have an automatic right to work in london . 
  moreover , allowing a sovereign state that does n't have `` skin in the game '' to act as the central hub for european finance will hamper any efforts to strengthen fiscal controls on the euro . 
  it 's like letting canada regulate the pound - just does n't make sense . 
   yes and no . 
  because the senate is a supply side establishment rubberstamping tool right now , if they get both the house and the president and/or justice in their pocket ( scotus ? 
  ) , the republican party will pretty much have unchecked , unlimited political power over the usa with very few capable of telling them `` no '' if they decide to abolish welfare , healthcare or food stamps overnight and just give it all as corporate welfare to trump industries ( or say , their corrupt friends building the f35 who likely grossly overbilled a lot of things multiple times , with sometime a price as much as x30 ; remember the 20 million euro km of road concrete material in eastern europe ? 
  it 's the same ) in a new `` supply side friendly '' budget this time ( because , quite frankly the f35 is the goddam symbol of their corrupt process running the things and that mainly serves to mislead a lot of money while underdelivering way too late ) . 
  ehh ... i 'm going to disagree with you here a bit . 
  even if the republican party controls both houses and the presidency , there is only so much that they can do because every senator has so much power to shut down legislation . 
  a single senator can stop any legislation in its tracks by forcing a filibuster or just putting a hold on the bill . 
  most of the things you 've mentioned ca n't be redirected easily because of how they are defined by appropriations laws and the institutional intransigence of the u.s. government . 
  ( the f-35 is a debacle but its impossible at this point to kill the program because it has so much momentum . ), 
   but , the republicans are also financed by people like the koch and walton brothers or donald trump , who also happen to do n't like paying taxes at all . 
  both sides are financed by the same corporate donors and face similar pressures . 
  a lot of the tax laws are tied up in the individual deductions benefiting middle class workers that no politician is willing to touch . 
   his clone buddy boris johnson who btw declared 600k of income annually yet somehow owed up to 19 millions of unpaid taxes to the us ' own irs , and who managed to renounce his citizenship for free , not pay them anyway , and somehow walk out of getting extradited for fraud . 
  johnson is an utter shit and i do n't want to come across as defending him in any way but iirc , he paid some of the outstanding taxes to make them ` go away ' before he renounced . 
  that 's actually fairly common in the u.s. on foreign capital gains tax when someone is n't excessing u.s. citizenship on a routine basis . 
  also , if you are a dual national from birth , you can renounce your u.s. citizenship without paying the ` exit tax ' that people who naturalize elsewhere have to pay . 
  frankly , the fact that i 'm taxed on my world wide income and global capital gains is a travesty anyway . 
   because , this is the true face of a full republican ( conservative ) party dominated america . 
  ( that and the fact they 'll somehow pass `` christian america '' laws 2 days in if they succeed in getting elected potus+h ouse , just you see ) nah , did n't happen in the 2000s and it wo n't happen now . 
  the party and country have changed a lot in the last 10 years and there are serious blocks to prevent that from happening . 
  i 'm not too worried . 
  all of it goes down the memory hole !, 
  what trump can do as potus is very limited . 
  he ca n't reform the immigration system without the legislature and they wo n't do anything major on that front . 
  he can start enforcing the immigration laws on the books today which , frankly , would mean deporting illegal immigrants with a criminal record ( something people on both sides of the aisle are in favor of ) fairly easily but it is a much longer process to remove anyone else . 
  tax reform is the biggest thing that people are expecting . 
  there are serious problems with our tax code and the republicans are the only party with enough institutional investment to fix the system . 
  you guys coined `` schadenfreude '' after all . 
  yeah but so much of large data systems use virtualization these days that moving the logical server to a different physical server is laughably easy . 
  except that things like nafta have ruined many industries because they do n't mandate free movement of labor . 
  ... and it is incredibly hard !, 
   the only devastating , lasting conventional warfare that could occur is between the us and china , which would be inconceivable due to the trade reliance the two countries share eh ... i think you 're wrong there . 
  if russia continues its aggression , a conventional war in europe is very possible . 
  no one wants to use nuclear weapons first , even during a prolonged armed conflict because the cost is just too great . 
  its just ... different in the us . 
  we have n't seen a war on our shores since the u.s. civil war in the early 1860s . 
  there are still people alive in europe today who fought in wwii and who remember the wars in their homes . 
  the aftermath of the war in europe as opposed to the u.s. was massively different and gives a different perspective . 
  do n't worry , its not your fault !, 
  i 've worked with a large number of mainland chinese who are wonderful people . 
  the problem is the systemic corruption and disregard for international norms shown by the government . 
  government officials take billions in bribes and preferred stock to ignore trade treaties , intellectual property laws , environmental controls , and treaties . 
  it will need to change eventually but there 's not going to be any movement in the near future because there is no impetus from the officials and the public is limited in what they can change . 
  serious question - is n't one of her roles to act as a `` sanity check '' on the government ? 
  i get that she is n't at all involved in day-to-day politics but i thought she had a role if anyone tried something really stupid . 
  its easy to argue that prolonging article 50 does violate several of those sections . 
  democracy and rule of law particularly . 
  and , once you have a deal with them , they are incredibly shady !, 
  china thumbs its nose at any provision they do n't like after agreeing to the treaty but raises unholy hell when the other country does the same . 
  the u.s. can get away with pushing back because the countries are so linked and the u.s. is still the 800lb gorilla in the global economy . 
  the e.u. 
  can push back because of the massive collective bargaining power of the union and the strength of the euro . 
  while i wish the u.k. the best of luck dealing with an emerging global superpower , the u.k. needs china a lot more than china needs the u.k. at this point . 
  plus , china has a long memory and still remember a century of humiliation at the hands of the british . 
  i totally agree . 
  this is a terrible choice for the uk and will have major negative ramifications for the brits . 
  that said , it 's going to drive a lot of investment onto the continent . 
  it 's probably a blessing in disguise for the eu long term . 
  oh yes , poor greece !, 
  they lied about their economy to get into the eurozone and to put the rest of the world ( really ) on the hook for their failed policies . 
  they refused any structural reforms in the national referendum . 
  they refused to secure their external borders against migrant inflows then failed to send people back to turkey . 
  this . 
  and lets not forget about the waves of `` family reunification '' migrants coming in the next few years . 
  demography is destiny . 
  exactly . 
  they are n't forced but he state but face familial reprisals up to and including death for failing to wear the religious garb . 
  having grown up in the u.s. the views on freedom of speech/restrictions on expression are the only cultural thing i have n't been able to adapt to in europe . 
  more so because there does n't seem to be much rhyme or reason to this type of interpretation . 
  at some point - the pendulum is going to swing back hard . 
  wonderful - another ground for radical islamic sympathies to fester . 
  iirc - sizable minorities of irish were not raping people in the streets . 
  nor were the irish unwilling to associate with the rest of their new country whilst demanding special privileges , jobs , healthcare , and housing . 
  plus the number of pakistanis who actively fund , harbor , and materially support radical islamic extremists in the country ... 
  exactly . 
  a deterrence model is best in the region . 
  we do n't want to put endless numbers of nato troops in the baltic states but maintaining a stable-sized force capable of disproportionate effects is smart . 
  luckily , i do n't think that estonia is a primary target ( far less so than the states on the road to kaliningrad ) and it has substantial ties to the rest of europe , increasing the willingness our defend . 
  personally , though i admit to being something of an estoniaphile , i 'm very willing to maintain our presence in the region as it enhances our geo-strategic position and allows us to strengthen our ties with a country that is a natural ally that is just starting to realize its incredible potential . 
  agreed !,
