  i loathe israel as a country but have several friends from there . 
  it is n't about the people ( most citizens have no ability to influence their government ) , it 's about the actions of their leaders . 
  but old town is beautiful enough to make up for the rest of the city 's construction . 
  heh , til i should move to ireland ... 
  london can be pissed . 
  does n't change the fact that they should have prevented their countrymen from voting themselves irrelevant . 
  the uk 's loss is everyone else 's gain . 
  nothing at all . 
  international law really is n't a thing without consent . 
  realpolitik is a bitch . 
  this is the problem when everyone pretends all countries are equally valuable to the international community . 
  turkey is at best a backwater that thinks it is as important as germany so it 's going to try to throw its weight around , not realizing how ineffective that will be long term . 
  but why should they ? 
  there is zero moral obligation to support these economic migrants and to compel anyone to surrender their personal property in furtherance of that goal is simply theft . 
  its not the science - its the infrastructure . 
  facilities to refine fissile material to weapons-grade is incredibly , insanely , expensive to design , build , and maintain . 
  that 's after the cost to obtain the material in the first place and before the requisite storage costs . 
  many of the facilities in the u.s. were first developed during wwii and are still in use today in an upgraded form . 
  simply put - almost any country could do it but most wo n't because of the expense involved . 
  considering that the government is totally dysfunctional ( really dysfunctional - not `` eu/us dysfunctional ) , the police force is threatening to go on strike , there is zika in the water , the economy is in free fall , crime rates are up ( even for rio ) , and that isis has promised an attack - that 's not a far fetched feeling ... 
  i would strongly encourage you to use a vpn when accessing those files . 
  during the uncertainty right now in your country and erdogan working to consolidate his power , its better to be safe and stay off the radar of the government . 
  deport them to vatican city !, 
  the united states will do everything in its power to secure those nuclear weapons . 
  the usaf is good at defending air bases from unorganized mobs so the radicals in the street are n't the problem . 
  essentially , the security forces have to hold out for 12 - 24 hours for reinforcements . 
  if the turkish military were brought in to seize the base , which is what would be required , turkey would be declaring war on the united states and that 's not a position anyone wants . 
  the nukes should be removed but there are almost no chances of them falling into erdogan 's control or the hands of islamists . 
   simply put : very few germans have actually seen much evidence for the holocaust . 
  its quite easy to argue that it didnt happen to the point where you 'd need some hard evidence to debunk this . 
  but its effort to get that evidence , which means that a lot of outlandish claims that the holocaust didnt happen would not be debunked in any meaningful way . 
   fair enough . 
  i was under the impression that german students spent a full year on wwii , the reasons leading up to the conflict , the holocaust , and the aftermath . 
  also , i thought they visited a camp at some time in high school . 
  to be fair , there is a ton of hard evidence and i ca n't imagine anyone seriously denying it and being taken seriously . 
  i ca n't see how c would work with the rest of the eu . 
  essentially , the uk would have a major bargaining chip `` we 've already had the vote and can trigger a50 unless you all agree to x '' that i do n't think other countries will tolerate in a diplomatic setting . 
  so , not trolling at all but an honest question . 
  it has always bugged me that holocaust denial is criminalizes . 
  there is a massive amount of evidence and anyone who seriously thinks that it did n't happen is either a total idiot , mentally disturbed , or actively involved in using a narrative to gain power . 
  while it is good to recognize that it happened and teach students about this , i just do n't understand why this one thing is criminalizes rather than just taboo . 
  other countries have done things on the same scale or much worse some even more recently without the same collective feelings of guilt . 
  how do you feel about the topic , am i way off base ? 
  that said , this guy deserves to be in jail . 
  you ca n't incite violence like that and give out personal information on targets . 
  that 's clearly a crime . 
  he knows that its either stay in power power , exile , or death . 
  in the game of thrones or either win or you die . 
  and we have n't even started with the apocalympics !, 
  it really is a basic game theory problem . 
  if one country leaves , they might benefit long term . 
  if everyone stays together , they might benefit less , but everyone will still benefit and no single actor will end up worse off like if the eu broke up . 
  in the ` real world ' this leads to things like world wars . 
  [ the e.u. 
  is a practical application of the nash equilibrium . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cemlisi5ox8 ) ignore the blonde . 
   i 'd add that the eu will want to retain access to uk financial services on a preferential basis too , so it 's not all one way . 
  eh ... i think you 're wrong there . 
  countries are waiting to snap up the business from london if the u.k. loses passporting rights . 
  banks will leave the u.k. ( or at leastdramatically reduce their footprint ) because there is just too much money on the table . 
  international firms will be less likely to use banks based in the u.k. meaning the london financial industry will be farther harmed as companies pull out . 
  so , with the u.k. services industry devastated , why would the e.u. 
  members want preferential access in exchange for a big give when they can just absorb the business ? 
  exactly . 
  i see paris or frankfort becoming the hub for finance and dublin becoming the hub for legal services . 
  paris has the quality of life to attract financial professionals while frankfort has the necessary financial institutions in place already . 
  dublin will benefit because english is the native language and that will remain the primary international language for deals . 
  while i mostly agree with you , i 'd be surprised if france pushes for the 5 % transaction tax post brexit . 
  a huge reason that the french were looking for the transaction tax was to limit the financial power of the uk and direct some of the profits to other eu countries . 
  with the uk out of the picture , assuming they lose passporting rights , paris is positioned to take a chunk of the finance industry ( even if its only a secondary city to dublin or frankfort ) and the french will want to keep that new money at home . 
  your cousins from across the atlantic stand with you !, 
   they are still playing internal politics at the expanse of the ~ ~ country ~ ~ world . 
  ftfy . 
  you 've got some good points but let me make a few remarks . 
  frankly , i love estonia and i 'm very glad that our nations are working together in this way . 
  * a battalion of ground troops wo n't do anything militarily but its a tripwire force similar to the u.s. presence in south korea . 
  i love you estonians to death but the overwhelming majority of people in the u.s. have n't heard of the country so the only possible way to give military aide is , `` they are shooting at g.i.s we need to go help our boys ! '', 
  knowing that the entire might of the u.s. military would be brought against russia if they are engaged in combat against u.s. troops provides the deterrent effect . 
  deploying an armored brigade is a hell of a lot cheaper ( both financially and politically ) than moving around air defense assets and can be redeployed more easily if they are needed elsewhere . 
  * i do n't think that anyone is going to send tanks rolling into tallinn any time soon but russia is unpredictable and frequently uses foreign military action to distract from domestic problems . 
  having overseas troops in country strengthens the estonian bargaining position in many areas because sabers are n't as easy to rattle . 
  * estonians kicked ass in the middle east are are an awesome military ally and i think both sides will benefit from the exchanges . 
  hundreds of billions of dollars a year in training funds and a decade and a half of war has made u.s. soldiers incredibly skilled and experienced . 
  part of the rational for sending troops abroad is to share this with the host nation to build domestic capacity and to impart lessons learned - its like talking stock tips from warren buffett or having bill gates fix your computer . 
  on the other side , i think the u.s. has a ton to learn from you guys about cold-weather combat ( seriously , this is a huge weak point for us ) , working with reserve forces , and integrating cyber ops into the order of battle . 
  again , i do n't want to you think i 'm trying to disparage the estonian military in any way because its a highly effective fighting force that more than carries its own weight in nato ( unlike many others ) but we both have a lot to learn from each other . 
  * as for the rowdy crowds of u.s. troops - yeah that 's a fair point . 
  i 'd only say that there are a visible minority of troops that cause problems . 
  most places in germany ( japan is a totally different story because the history is way different ) do n't like the u.s. bases but scream at the top of their lungs to keep them when anyone talks about consolidation . 
  its important to keep in mind that the bases in germany are massive and that its harder for shitty soldiers to slip through the cracks and cause problems when smaller units are involved . 
  regardless , there is a ton of money to be made from soldiers and hopefully some will learn more about your country and increase its visibility in the economic market when they return and get out . 
  * if brexit happens and flight prices go up , the bars will need to offset the drunk assholes on stag nights with drunk assholes on a pass ;-) again , you 've got some valid points but i think that both sides will benefit from the program . 
  little of column a , little of column b. 
  many of the larger banks in europe have been carrying underperforming assets on their books since 2008 ( because dumping them would have been immensely unprofitable and would likely have devastated several key industries in southern europe ) but this model was only sustainable under a relatively stable euro . 
  when the euro and the pound started going to shit , the bad assets ( ok , not really `` bad '' assets but risky assets and securitized debt products ) are an increasingly serious drag on the bank 's bottom line . 
  because the bank has money tied up in these products , there is a dramatically increased risk of bank failure and global contagion . 
  honestly , this probably would have happened eventually but the brit vote struck the match . 
  this the eli5 answer . 
  going into more detail requires a discussion of international capital and debt markets and currency arbitrage transactions . 
  basically , its really complicated but the distorted incentives under the current financial system are to blame .
