good on you for encouraging gypsie crime, 
  you must take a day and a half to go to tours and visit chambord and chenonceau ( among others ) !, 
  i did it two years ago and it was absolutely fantastic !, 
  tampere is such a strange city, 
  my dad served on it !, 
  got any funny stories about it since its been brasilian ? 
  it is , it 's article 7 , and the possibility of it happening seems more and more likely . 
  i hope it does , we need to get this over with . 
  lol, 
  yeah i think i 'm the one who deist really get what is going on haha, 
  no i mean the guy who responded to you reacted as if you were serious and i was telling him you were kidding, 
  he is clearly joking, 
  france is n't s military power ? 
  same in paris 50 $ flat rate which is nice, 
  of course but there are n't a huge amounts of solutions available . 
  they have cleared the camp before , but they settled back . 
  they ca n't just jail 10000 men women and children . 
  they ca n't send them back to where they came from because they have no papers . 
  this is n't limited to the uk in any way, 
  you do realize that if the tunnel was in the netherlands then that 's where all the migrants would go ? 
  the same deadlock would still exist . 
  the french government is incompetent granted , but if they had a workable solution they would have done it already . 
  shhhhhhhhhh, 
  waaaaah poor oppressed turks, 
  i think we all are at the moment haha , no problem !, 
  turkey giving up their accession bid ? 
  nobody wants them in europe to begin with , i do n't get your point . 
  does anybody actually care ? 
  if you do n't directly qualify for a scottish passport , you 're pretty much boned :(, 
  dear god, 
  nothing but do n't go complaining when you get what you want : borders . 
  says the country leaving the eu because muh sovereignty we are n't the trumpists in this story , you are . 
  because our flag got eaten by germany , we moved up , did n't try to take it back because we gave our clay to europe , and now we have to give up the land south that we built around ( while making sure to protect megaman ) . 
  now without asking france , you guys come in , take the land in the south for italy ( who has a huge flag to beginwith ) , destroy megaman , and we should be thanking you ? 
  it 's a pixel flag , it obviously does n't matter at all , but do n't act like you guys are n't being cunts lol, 
  so we should be thanking you ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't know but in the meantime we have relocated multiple times and now we are losing our flag again, 
  that 's rich coming from a german, 
  we gave up our rightful clay to calm the german aggression , and now we have to give up more of our flag ? 
  build your own, 
  what are your thoughts on nelson mandela ? 
  correct, 
  did n't know that this makes the whole situation even better enjoying this greatly, 
  have you ever seen a grown man naked ? 
  because they could sail down the seine and siege paris , but also discover canada pretty cool, 
  20 day account with 0 knowledge of european political systems weighing in on the french election . 
  hmmm, 
  i understand that . 
  what i 'm saying is all these people flying these drones have to do to make it nearly impossible for falcons and eagles to take them down is put razor wire on them . 
  i do n't see how any of your arguments solve that problem . 
  it may be a good solution now , but it will be obsolete very soon . 
  it 's a waste of money, 
  i 'm not saying there are n't ways to take out a drone , i 'm saying using an eagle to do it seems stupid, 
  is n't that easily counterable ? 
  just put spikes all over the drone ? 
  of course haha, 
  yes you nazi, 
  it 's also the layout of the city that is bad imo . 
  from my experience drivers are pretty terrible everywhere , you just notice it less when cities are more simple to drive in, 
  two blocks to the left and one block down and you 'll find the best roman street food i have found after multiple visits to the city , da simo pane e vino so good, 
  `` oh look bradleys ! '', 
  `` mhm '' exactly how i would be with any girl i 've been with ; made ma laugh out loud . 
  i never said i cared , i could n't give two shits , but it 's still true, 
  you 're being down voted but it 's pretty much common knowledge in certain circles . . 
   regular left like m\u00e9lenchon ?? 
  very little , no . 
  the socialist party has more or less imploded . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm in rennes, 
  i do too , i just googled it haha, 
  we just speak french and hope some of the words we use are also used in english, 
  rip, 
  ( ( ( advertising ) ) ) / s, 
   it can be assumed stop making assumptions about things you clearly know nothing about, 
  absolutely i 'm much more hopeful about our election than i was only months ago, 
  well my options are 1 ) you 're trying to be funny 2 ) you do n't know anything about ancient history ( which is fine ) so since nothing you have said is funny , by default i chose option 2 . 
  listen i 'm willing to explain it to you , i just ca n't tell if you are taking the piss or not . . 
  are you joking or have you never read a history book ? 
  i get what you 're saying , and agree , to a certain extent . 
  first of all , ( i realize you are n't implying this ) it 's important to insist on the fact that nobody asked america to send their soldiers to the middle east to get killed . 
  if anything , the united states asked europe to follow them to afghanistan , and they did . 
  the u.k. and poland ( stupidly ) followed you to iraq too . 
  secondly , the protection of europe is also in the united states ' own interest . 
  let 's not act like it 's pure selflessness . 
  for the record , i 'm half french half american , and consider both parts of my identity equally important, 
  oh god i 'm laughing so hard, 
  can somebody explain how this is funny to me ? 
  i know where it 's from , i love qi , but i just do n't find this funny and i want in on the laughs, 
  drives ( lol ) me crazy bought my 2014 golf , well , in 2014 . 
  now i 'm stuck with it for at least 8 years or so and i know it pollutes . 
  + to act tough of diesel now ( which they should ) , prices are sky rocketing . 
  hate it, 
  lol all these guys are poor as dirt and live with the constant threat of death wooow , so much profiting from the situation, 
  that 's what makes their stuff a lot more defensible though , and incidentally shows they you have no idea what you are talking about they make fun of french tragedies more often than foreign ones ... you do n't have to like it or find it funny , but you ca n't accuse them of double standards because they do n't really have any, 
  i think what he she means is that ch have n't changed what they do for more attention or anything . 
  they have been like this for decades, 
  based gulf stream, 
  go away, 
  which is a privilege,
