  germany 's the greatest place on earth i swear to god, 
  i had the same idea once op !!, 
  i love the concept . 
  what 's the occasion ? 
  i thought bosnia was not in the eu ? 
  damn he has a way with words , thanks !, 
  the problem is definitely * those who stuff their faces *, 
  here in the uk people are constantly persuaded to hate the eu . 
  every time you read the newspaper or watch the tv you have to remember our media outlets are mostly owned by fascist billionaires with agendas to push , otherwise you end up hating and fearing everything . 
  brexit would not have happened without them . 
  crazy you can see all the way out to wembley in this view ( the bright arch on the left ) . 
  it takes a solid hour to get there by train from the foreground skyscrapers at canary wharf on the right of the picture . 
  they are both joined by the jubilee underground train line . 
  minack was carved out of the rock entirely by one person alone , amazing, 
  fucking hell i thought this was a joke fucking stupid electorate jesus christ, 
  you 're like the hundredth person to tell me that now , but thanks , 
  `` soon ! '', 
  it 's just that i thought america had claimed that motto first  haha, 
  well done mr king of norway !, 
  roger that, 
  `` everything for norway '' calm down norway , jesus, 
  i genuinely had ralph wiggum 's voice in my head . 
  `` my cat 's breath smells like cat food ! '', 
  `` i was right to hold brexit referendum ! '', 
  yep, 
  prosperity is fine , so long as it 's not just for the wealthy a pakistani friend of mine says there 's plenty of prosperity in pakistan ... if you 're rich !, 
  that 's a lot of indoctrinated fucking morons in college . 
  not a great comment on the health of a nation . 
  haha nice one !, 
  and yes , true !, 
  i 'm now digging through all the sources the article mentions and giving them a read as well . 
  it 's interesting and it pisses off fascists , what more could i want ? 
  that 's not what the article is about . 
  you need to read it , especially for quotes like : [ `` low-effort thinking promotes political conservatism '' ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b4c3ioc2zkpqz01hdw9tumdadee/view ), 
  [ '' ... findings from these studies demonstrate that those with lower mental abilities are more likely to endorse right-wing authoritarian belief systems '' ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b4c3ioc2zkpqz01hdw9tumdadee/view ), 
  the man is a saint and to suggest otherwise will invoke the wrath of his pr dept, 
  it 's not fucking hypocrisy if i * personally lobbied * my government to privatise the fucking nhs , that 's when it would be hypocrisy, 
  are you fucking joking ? 
  fuck off you child, 
  strongly lobbied by who ? 
  other massively wealthy wankers i 'm sure , but not so many bankers , who will lose their lobbying power and nhs privatisation will be rolled back . 
  i voted to remain ... 
  i think you just proved my point ? 
  it 's true , but i preferred to go into more detail and be less of an arse  edit : nhs funding is being cut * because * bankster money is ruining our democracy , by the way , that was the thrust of my eventual reply, 
  cause and effect , mi amico less banksters using their billions to corrupt democratic process -  more political will to fund the core services that every good country needs -  more money for the nhs , even without financial income if the uk could build an nhs with 10 % of the gdp it has today , i 'm sure we 'd survive with a few less fucking wankers to oppose the will of the people, 
  uk primary export : wankers now the parasites need a new host, 
  there just had to be a citroen 2cv down the bottom of the hill, 
  proportional representation  first past the post, 
  so long as the press is owned by billionaires the tories will do whatever it takes to please those billionaires and get good pr . 
  the tories would murder their firstborns if it meant a small short-term profit for their donors and some good pr . 
  every good cause benefits from a free press . 
  we need to break down the corrupt monopolies asap for the sake of democracy . 
  [ here 's an academic , peer-reviewed study which proved it ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b4c3ioc2zkpqz01hdw9tumdadee/view?usp=sharing ) . 
  i guess we can find out judging by your reaction . 
  now find me a study that proves otherwise . 
  impressive !, 
  find me one in the last 20 years though . 
  if i knew you 'd put together such a thorough response i would 've been more precise !, 
  right-wing politics , whether populist or not , is currently characterised by a desire to hand over vital services ( railways , health and education here in the uk ) to those who are wealthy enough to buy it , hike up prices and profit from others misfortune , because corporate power now exceeds the power of the state in many ways ( but not all ) . 
  currently populist right-wingers are just more extreme versions of centre-right governments , and they attract support from the least educated factions of society precisely because of decades of right-wing under-funding of education . 
  it does seem that way . 
  like it did for the liberal democrats in the uk a few years ago , teaming up with the cons . 
  given that left-wing voters are much more likely to be better educated , more aware and keep themselves better informed than right-wing voters it suppose it makes sense that left-wing parties would suffer more from coalitions that departed from their voter-base 's preferences ? 
  agreed i guess the causes are not necessarily stupid , but the symptoms are ? 
  i think you just described stupid behaviour . 
  it 's stupid because right wing populism is like shooting yourself in the foot . 
  name me one right wing populist leader who has n't instantly betrayed the majority of their voter base and used their platform to further inequality and social degradation ? 
  that 's why the uneducated vote for right wing populists : lack of historical and social perspective due to lack of education ... often as a result of underfunded schools thanks to right wing governments . 
  i have no respect for people who vote for their own oppression . 
  that 's a good point . 
  if immigration/religion  the corporate takeover of democracy in your priorities i 've got bad news for you son , i 've got 99 problems but lack of foresight aint one , 
  certainly seems pretty obvious to me as well !, 
  i know i 'm not alone thinking it , but it 's always good to have some solidarity . 
  there 's those who know the mass media is engineered to manufacture consent , and there 's those who do n't yet . 
  i feel embarrassed thinking that i once trusted the mainstream media and so should you , you just do n't know it , and maybe you never will . 
  time to grow up my son, 
  almost all major news outlets are owned by right-wing billionaires with their own selfish agendas . 
  i understand it 's fucking annoying when there 's a million things that make it shit to be a man , and women do n't understand them . 
  these suicide stats certainly evoke that feeling . 
  but on balance women have always had it much tougher , now and in the past . 
  for every fuckhead feminazi who uses feminism as an excuse to shit on men there 's a load more men shitting on women with just our every-day general ignorance of what it feels like to be historically disenfranchised as a human . 
  i guess the world heals the more we swallow the anger and show the love . 
  where would corbyn 's popularity rank if it were n't for the 24/7 propaganda ? 
  feminism is not despicable that word , i do not think it means what you think it means . 
  i work with a guy from turkey . 
  he was always distressed and actually denied the armenian genocide , right up until i pointed out the concentration camps and mass-starvations of the british empire . 
  when he realized that `` if you 're not ashamed of your country 's history , then you do n't know your country 's history '' , he did n't need to deny anything anymore . 
  fucking weird cause and effect there . 
  srsly the uk is really pushing me to leave . 
  if scotland breaks and joins the eu ... 
  i have immediate family in scotland ... that 's where i 'm going . 
  if it 's not a lady 's choice to wear something , if her partner forces her to wear it ? 
  here 's a [ picture of me with my wife ] ( http://imgur.com/k30exsr ) at the women 's march in support of women 's rights in january here 's another [ picture of me on monday ] ( http://imgur.com/zzvxyhu ) at another march to oppose islamophobia , racism and trump . 
  how many protests have you been on recently ? 
  i agree . 
  i also think it 's mostly the men who do the telling , not the women who do the choosing . 
  all of my muslim friends say that burqas are n't worn as much back in pakistan , or afghanistan , or wherever , because they tend to be worn in europe ( where i 'm from ) * because * they 're in europe . 
  i think it has to do with differentiating oneself from local norms ? 
  or identifying as muslim ? 
  i see your side of the argument though , it 's totally valid , but on balance i disagree .
