  now that he is mainstream though , we will become trump-like , if we were n't already . 
  all the establishment needs to do is continue the brainwashing of our stupid sector . 
  heh , makes me resentful cos i can tell you lived in the posh part of london :p amazing pics though, 
  it 's really distressing to be able to witness my government behaving like this , the urge to leave the uk is rising . 
  cool , cool fyi - i am not nationalistic . 
  i grew up in australia , then the uk , i noticed early in my life how little it means , or should mean . 
  i voted remain , i would rather be a part of europe than the uk specifically ... whatever that means :d, 
  is it just me or do you keep telling me what i want ... and missing the mark ? 
  i disagree but as a sociologist would say - a localised community can approach `` anomie '' if it experiences too much change too quickly . 
  i love individuality, 
  no it 's a rational argument as well . 
  think of all the corrupt entities in the world , all the bad policies governments can enact - at least with individual nation states those bad ideas are n't implemented federation-wide and mistakes can be learned-from countries who are hurt as a result . 
  vice verca , good policies and good institutions in one place provide good examples . 
  i love the eu , but that 's because of the individuality of each nation state . 
  i am against a federation . 
  is this your job ? 
   impressive . 
  i 'm at my job so will read later !, 
  you seem to know your stuff !, 
  but who surveyed the saudi population and who produces those statistics ? 
  how come you know so much about saudi arabia ? 
  i had to google ksa . 
  do you not ? 
  fair enough , edited my post . 
  this will be the tip of the iceberg for how the saud 's treat their own people . 
  that is some ugly behaviour . 
  edit : also an ugly generalization based upon / u/suckmyhickory comment, 
  suck it new york , we 've got more wankers than you !, 
  u wot m8, 
  i 've voted in every election since i was able , and i 'm not your mate , presumptuous on both accounts my boy . 
  if you 're so naive to believe that the tories are not going to sell off the most profitable pieces of the nhs to their criminal wealthy friends , and you 're so naive that you do n't understand how they will continue to get away with it , then you need to take a step back , stop listening to their words , start looking at their actions , and stop patronising people who know better than you . 
  the nhs is a left wing cause . 
  the right wing are selling it off to the highest bidders . 
  a strong benefits system is also a left wing cause . 
  and indeed i will continue to protest because it 's the right thing to do . 
  historically speaking , before the formation of societies , a right wing approach made sense . 
  it was every man for himself . 
  but since the move into towns and cities society has trended more and more to the left wing because it has made sense to co-operate and pool resources for the greater good . 
  left wing decisions are made on the basis of good faith and compassion . 
  right wing decisions are made upon the fear of losing what you perceive to be yours and the greed to keep it for yourself . 
  right wingers are essentially unevolved cowards who hinder human progress . 
  just look at nasa 's funding and aspirations as the united states has descended back towards more right wing politics . 
  it 's such a shame i have to share this planet with so many people who operate below me , like yourself . 
  30 something whose been on the front lines , getting beaten by police at what would 've otherwise been a peaceful protest , standing up for your fucking rights as well as my own . 
  a real hero on the real front lines . 
  i heard he did n't signal when he left a roundabout the other day !, 
  at least that 's what the sun told me to believe ... 
  lol, 
  when i see people post things like this , i just assume you believe everything you read in the press , like a good obedient fool . 
  what 's the eta of the eba and ema moves ? 
  i do n't mean an increase in production and i do n't identify with marx . 
  you ca n't just make stuff up to win an argument !, 
  the uk 's golden age was that post war era when the establishment was in ruins , the nhs and free national education was founded , levels of opportunity were unlike ever before . 
  community had n't been eroded , the media was n't owned by three or four conglomerates ... 
  eventually however the rot set in , the establishment rebuilt itself with a different set of criminals at the top , and some of the old , and all of that goodness is being sold to the highest bidder ( who will go on to provide worse service for a vastly increased price ) !, 
  search your feelings anakin , you know it to be true . 
  i agree they 're the scum of the earth , but do n't ever underestimate them , they are some of the most wealthy and powerful criminals in the history of the world . 
  standard of living ? 
  corporations spend billions lobbying governments to enact changes that obliterate peoples standards of living . 
  the peoples struggle against the vile maxims of the criminal wealthy define every era 's politics . 
  whether or not a nations people are living through a golden age is dependent primarily upon the weakness of the establishment , which is headlined in modern society by corporate ownership . 
  government is at least somewhat accountable to the people . 
  corporations are effectively psychopaths . 
   `` the purpose of double taxation treaties between countries is to avoid double taxation -- not to justify double non-taxation . '', 
  lol no shit , bravo eu, 
   185 us chief executives said the penalty was a `` grievous self-inflicted wound '' for europe 's economy . 
  so ... ceos ... who try their damn hardest to evade taxes 110 % of the time ... are saying this is bad ... for people who would benefit from those taxes ?!, 
  so much doublespeak to wrap my head around . 
  fuck you ceos . 
  i get that there 's some truth to this article , but it really reeks of anti-russian propaganda , it 's probably not all that bad in kaliningrad . 
  fuck yeah , team gb !, 
  fuck you bundesbank !, 
  i 'm going to guess by the downvote you were serious !, 
  i was genuinely surprised . 
  i think that makes it more funny though . 
  your username is literally `` unrelated_respons '' , i thought you were a role playing account because your answer deviated vastly from the topic !, 
  so i 'm not sure whether to laugh if you 're role playing is continuing or , judging by the length of your answer i 'm guessing you 're serious ? 
  haha nice one, 
  i 'm not i 'm painting a picture of the united states as the most dangerous nation on earth right now, 
  you 're not in / r/the _ donald any more , facts and truth are n't your friend, 
  * invader, 
  what was i thinking ? 
  let 's hope all the trump voters have a read and are then motivated to study how the most powerful nation on earth descended into xenophobia and barbarism . 
  hmm does the article mention that this is the fault of the 1 % and not my parent 's generation ? 
  / reads / nope !, 
  is this an attempt to divide people amongst themselves instead of unite them against the 1 % ? 
  / thinks / possibly !, 
  intriguing !, 
  seriously did n't know this . 
  i always figured they 'd say that and then just go and do it anyway , i suppose the jury is still out on that verdict anyway . 
  i thought i 'd seen the opposite !, 
  what we need to tell ukippers is that if they vote labour and get corbyn then the uk will stop bombing and corrupting other countries , thereby leading to a decrease in the number of immigrants and possibly even making those countries nice enough to go back to for those that left !, 
   the tories would never be elected ever again so you 're saying it 's worth it ? 
  quite right old bean, 
  civ 1 all the english got was like six tiles to build on in europe . 
  we always sucked . 
  i spent a week at a therme in the schwarzwald at bad wildbad a few years ago . 
  so amazing . 
  i wish us british could sort out our attitudes towards nudity , it 's so childish and pathetic . 
   on the other hand , you were allowed to swim naked at the public swimming pools ?
