thanks , 
  greed is the root of all evil , money is just the manifestation of greed . 
  / r/personaltheories, 
  india . 
  imagine if the schengen area opened to india !, 
  we 'd have like 500 million new inhabitants on boats to europe . 
  i do n't think it 's about being a conservative , i think there 's just a political party who exist to serve the wealthy who are called the `` conservatives '' . 
  i consider myself quite conservative in some respects , but the political party of the same name will never have my vote . 
  edit : the idea that australia requires similar policies to the uk is even more hilarious . 
  you guys have enough mineral wealth to last the next three hundred years or something . 
  is it meant to work ? 
  from what i can see the aim of austerity is primarily to give an excuse to defund socially beneficial programs and further enrich a few wealthy entities rich enough to buy them . 
  the uk created the nhs at a time when it was measurably 10x poorer than it is today , with more dependents ( the baby boomers were children ) , now it 's being primed for privatization , austerity is not about debt repayment . 
  haha wow, 
  interesting that there are so many chinese cities that are just as huge , in terms of population , as london , but they do n't even register on the list of globalised cities . 
  good decision greece !, 
  fuck those imf , ecb criminals !, 
  democracy : if you stop these deals going through , we 'll rename them and try again !, 
  it 's not fuckwittery , it 's a cold , calculated grab for control . 
  like gandhi suggested ? 
  centralized power enables larger areas to be corrupted faster . 
  edit : stop disobeying the hivemind, 
  maybe you should read more , find out for yourself , i do n't have time to spell it out for you . 
  did i say they were wonderful ? 
  i know . 
  the article is about british muslims . 
  because uk foreign policy has ruined their country . 
  could this be because uk foreign policy has led to the ruin of many muslim-majority nations ? 
  edit : did n't realize this comment would lead to such a shitstorm , 
  centralized power is what 's quickly destroyed the united states standards of living . 
  human rights !, 
  person : margaret thatcher what i 'd do differently : everything, 
  i 'd really like to go to an nba game for sure , 
  ` muricans be reading this thread and crying . 
  you guys both win in my book, 
  my original thinking was that since nazis idealize a societal system in which human rights are a subsidiary concern , why should breivik get to rely on a human rights ruling when he idealizes a system that shuns human rights ? 
  however the very act of allowing a nazi to rely on a human rights act that would n't exist under a nazi societal system itself undermines the appeal of nazism as an option for society and further reinforces the appeal of a socialist democracy like norway 's . 
  which one ? 
  the crossed out one or the realization ? 
  ~ ~ is n't this guy a nazi ? 
  how does a nazi rely on a human rights convention ? 
  ! ~ ~ dumbest thing i 've ever said . 
  everybody deserves human rights . 
  i 'm still standing, 
  brussels was the location of the paris terrorist 's arrest , is the eu capital , and belgium is a founding member of nato and ally of the uk and usa . 
  what i 'm saying is that funding a military such as saudi arabia 's , or bombing them ourselves , is obviously the cause of the problem . 
  i do n't see a debate there . 
  fair enough , i 've not considered that far . 
  i still hold to my main point though re : remove funding . 
   also , it 's called arms trade for a reason , not arms charity . 
  the beneficiaries of us/uk arms manufacture are seldom those that are n't allied to them . 
   saudi arabia is industrialized state , they can manufacture a lot worse themselves if we cut them off . 
  and when they start using mustard gas , what will you say than ? 
  let 's invade them and stop them ? 
  i would say `` yes '' . 
  there would be much better justification than the invasion of iraq in 2003 , when no wmds were even found . 
  after we stop arming a world renowned human rights abuser , regime change through targeted military operations would be beneficial for the entire world and especially the people of saudi arabia . 
  i 'd be happy if my taxes paid for that . 
  you 're missing a more important nuance : anyone from yemen who feels sufficiently outraged would be radicalised by the bombing . 
  in fact anyone from anywhere in the world could possibly be radicalised by the bombing , against those who funded it . 
  isis are n't the only terrorists . 
  i think the situation would be improved if our taxes stopped funding it . 
  `` small arms and toyota pickups '' are preferable to almost indiscriminate airstrikes , if a decision has to be made either way . 
  last week saudi arabia [ murdered 120 people ] ( https://theintercept.com/2016/03/25/highlighting-western-victims-while-ignoring-victims-of-western-violence/ ) in a bomb strike on yemen using weapons it was given by the usa and uk . 
  if we do our best to ensure the mass slaughter of innocent civilians overseas does not happen using our taxes i 'm quite sure terrorism would at least be less of a worry . 
  eddie redmayne 's really got nasty all of a sudden, 
  same as you man , same as you . 
  we got the gun , you got the briefcase . 
  it 's all in the game though right ? 
  i do n't really know , i think people are overrating how much thought i put into the original comment . 
  is it because i slipped in the word * apartheid * you think i 'm being emotional ? 
  it 's probably closer to the truth that i really do n't care right now , i just posted my original comment to just throw my hat in , cos why not ? 
  anyway happy cake day fine sir . 
  they 're not useless but they do tend to get put up in places where they cause more problems than they solve and/or symbolize human failures . 
  israel/palestine apartheid wall . 
  berlin wall . 
  america/mexico wall . 
  i 'm being sarcastic . 
  well if history has taught us anything it 's that gigantic walls solve all problems . 
  it 's pretty terrible to think that , of my limited italian vocabulary , i will now always remember a regional and largely unused localism for `` fart '' :d, 
  i knew it !, 
  :d thanks !, 
  i guess it 's a really obscure and ridiculous word for fart though , if it 's only used rarely . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/renza#italian ) !!, 
  off topic : does n't `` renza '' mean `` fart '' in italian ? 
  does that mean `` renzi '' means `` mutilple farts '' in italian ? 
  edit : [ source ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/renza#italian ), 
   there is also a black horse in this scenario , and that horse is michael bloomberg , who considered running as an independent if both trump and sanders are nominated by their respective parties , and opinion polls at the time indicated that he might actually have won . 
  which i think would n't have been a bad outcome , maybe even the best possible one . 
  i do n't know much about bloomberg but yea , i imagine he 'd be favorable to trump . 
  between trump and sanders it could 've gone either way , but i like to think sanders would 've won . 
  both candidates are protest votes . 
  both would suffer negative media attention . 
  sanders does n't have billions of his own money to help him out , but also he represents a sober protest as opposed to a extremist protest , so i like to think he would 've won . 
  clinton 's predicament became worse and worse and worse as the campaign rolled on , it looks like she could n't motivate the people who usually voted democrat to even roll out of bed that morning !, 
  our democratic systems have been corrupted by those who have the wealth to do so . 
  trump was a protest vote . 
  bernie sanders was a protest vote who should 've been his adversary , but evidence now shows the democratic party intentionally sabotaged bernie 's campaign and it 's come back to bite them in the ass . 
  the uk will follow america 's lead so i 'm still distressed . 
  just over a year ago the uk parliament discussed banning trump entering the country because of his destructive behavior .
