moronic party . 
  they get destroyed in every single debate . 
  even there . 
  especially there , even . 
  arr rook the same, 
  even if all guns were banned people would still call for tighter gun laws after events like these . 
  it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  \\  being under 250 centimeters manlets , when will they learn ? 
  i do n't give a shit if it 's generous or not , and i do n't give a shit about what the uk wants , i just want a deal which is the best for the eu . 
  it is n't my opinion , it 's the opinion of wilders voters . 
  ( though i do think that we should increase military spending , but not take away the funds we give to ee countries . ), 
  yeah , they did some kind of `` polish reporting center '' 3-4 years ago where you could whine if your ` job got stolen ' by an ee immigrant or if they played their turbofolk too loud or something , but they got a pretty big backlash , even from inside their own voterbase . 
  i think it does n't really have to do with being anti-ee immigrants ( which are practically never in the news ) , but more with having to give money to eastern european countries . 
  the netherlands is an incredibly individualistic society ( the most individualistic in europe according to polls ) . 
  people do n't like having to give money to others . 
  which is also the reason that we almost never have a left-wing party ruling , and mostly vote right-wing/center . 
  people do n't really care about ee and would rather not spend that money on those countries . 
  and to be honest we pay the most money per capita to the eu , so i do n't really find it weird that people are fed up with that and see it as a waste of money which could be better spent on things like the military ( which is hilariously undefunded ) . 
  i think that that 's why people are eurosceptic , rather than eu-immigrants . 
  i think brittain is just one of the few countries where poles have a negative stereotype . 
  here in the netherlands the stereotype for poles is that they 're cheap and work hard . 
  which is true if you look at the statistics , immigrants from poland have even less benefits per capita than native dutchmen . 
  those all live in austria now . 
  just look at their football team . 
  i know that it would mean that we 'd have to increase military spending . 
  that is exactly the reason why i want it . 
  i 'm not anti-us , but we are now unnecessarily under the us 's wing . 
  this was necessary in the cold war , because there was no way we could protect ourselfs against the commies , but it 's not necessary anymore since with only a slight increase in military spending and integrated militaries we 'd be stronger than our most direct threat : russia . 
  increased military spending would mean that we 'd finally become relevant in international politics again and means that we will be able to have our own foreign policy that is n't just a clear cut copy of the one of the us . 
  our gdp is only slightly under that of the us and our population is way bigger . 
  we could potentially even be stronger than the us , and we could easily be stronger than russia . 
  if we 're stronger than russia we no longer need the us . 
  well , you can of course hate jews and still have a jewish daughter , but he has good relations with his daughter and with his son-in-law so i really doubt that . 
  if trump actually leaves nato we might finally get an european army . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jews#who_is_a_jew.3f  generally , in modern secular usage jews include three groups : people who were born to a jewish family regardless of whether or not they follow the religion , those who have some jewish ancestral background or lineage ( sometimes including those who do not have strictly matrilineal descent ) , and people without any jewish ancestral background or lineage who have formally converted to judaism and therefore are followers of the religion . 
  [ 89 ] and besides that , that does n't even look like a star of david . 
  it does n't even have any openings . 
  imo that 's the most important thing out of everything he said . 
  ca n't pose a threat without an army/military . 
  crashing this plane with no survivors, 
  probably , yes . 
  but the fact that clinton said in one of the leaked e-mails that she would push for victory in syria ` no matter what ' makes me nervous . 
  or the fact that she received a large amount of cash from saudi-arabia , number one promoters of wahhabism in europe . 
  and of course the lobbying , a corporation is n't just going to give a couple thousands of dollars out of good heart , but they expect to make it back . 
  so if they will both be relatively the same , i think it would be better to pick the lesser evil which in my eyes is trump . 
  i do n't like trump at all , but i 'm honestly starting to believe that he 's the lesser evil compared to clinton . 
  especially over clinton 's aggresive foreign policy that might lead to more refugees and to a weaker europe in general . 
  but well , either way you 're fucked . 
  now both parties are probably going to go to shit . 
  if the brits are lucky new parties with lots of new ideas will get more relevant/appear . 
  but to be honest i find the entire event extremely funny . 
  it 's as if every british politician is pulling a r/madlads . 
  well , there is one for gnp per capita : http://i.imgur.com/084inxv.png, 
  you should get an award for those mental gymnastics . 
  ahahaha , you were waiting for this , were n't you ? 
  great , so now i have to pick either germany or france . 
  that 's like having to pick between getting run over by a bus or getting run over by a truck . 
  you can read their report in the link above , i suppose you can read swedish . 
  the report ( and it 's a br\u00c5 report ) clearly states that certain immigrant groups are way more likely to rape than native swedes . 
  / u/urca _ foothills is right . 
  swedish rapes started to skyrocket somewhere in the mid 1980s , right around the time that sweden started taking in somalians . 
  before that they were very stable . 
   swedish media  neutral i 'm starting to believe that you 're a troll . 
  yeah , but i used european time first and then it gave me a date in october . 
  so then i used american time . 
  jesus christ , the shitty bot uses the american time . 
  let 's try this again : remindme !, 
  7/10/2016 `` iceland wins the eurocup '', 
  10/7/2016 `` iceland wins the eurocup '', 
  yep , but then they changed their minds halway trough so now we still have like 3 and a half leopards left . 
  i hope so . 
  protesting is your democratic right , but when you did n't vote and still protest ... well then you 're really dumb . 
  definetly , but when 17 million people in the country go as far as voting to leave the european union , i 'm sure that it should be red on at least a couple issues , especially on for example foreign policy which was very unpopular in the uk ( because of the we wuz commonwealth and shit ) . 
  i want to know how many of these protesters actually voted . 
  yeah but red does n't even go over 27 % once . 
  i find this a very weird barometer in general since i 'm pro-eu and even i would want the eu to intervene less on a lot of issues . 
  that controversy does n't make it to our media , though . 
  well , we are no vassal states , but we are n't exactly autonomous either . 
  and this is because we are weak . 
  but this is of course only logical and i do n't blame the us for it , since it helped us a lot in the past , but it is no longer necessary . 
  weaker nations always either get swallowed or get protected by a stronger nation . 
  back in the old cold war , there was no way that west-europe could stand against the ussr ever , and that is why the us led nato and helped us against the threat of the commies , and i 'm very grateful for that . 
  but as a result , you have to do what the us says since you definetly need them , and you ca n't lose them . 
  but the thing nowadays is that the eu , or the european members of nato , could easily defend themselves against the biggest threat ( russia ) if they just increased military spending . 
  the us is no longer necessary , and if we act that way and increase military spending we would automatically become a bigger power ourselves and would automatically become more autonomus . 
  i wish there was another way , but i really think that there is n't . 
  if you want the us to stop ordering you around , you do n't have to be strong enough to stop them since that will cost a lot of money and is almost impossible ( though it is possible , considering that the eu has a gdp that is almost as high as that of the usa and considering that the eu 's population is way bigger ) , but you do need to be strong enough to no longer need the us . 
  right now , i suppose that russia is the main geopolitical threat for europe . 
  which means that we should be able to beat russia in a hypothetical war . 
  then we no longer need the usa and we can do more things withouth relying on them , which would grant us increased autonomy . 
  and besides that military spending would grant us increased autonomy , it would also make us way more relevant in geopolitics . 
  some people consider that a negative thing , but it generally would make us a lot stronger if we were able to gain allies outside of europe and be able to order them around . 
  though to be able to do that , it probably does mean that ` europe ' would have to win a war , otherwise there is no way that people would get confident in the militaries and there is no way that other countries will take you more seriously . 
   grow a backbone about dealing with the usa which means that we need to be able to stand on our own feet ( more ) , which means that we need to increase military spending . 
  he is the biggest israel supporter that i 've ever seen . 
  he manages to bring up israel in every second tweet ( for some reason ) . 
  definetly , his entire party is a huge mixup . 
  i suppose these economic policies are just there to get some fast votes . 
  anti-eu sentiment is actually bigger over here than in the uk ( according to polls ) . 
  luckily though , there is no way we 'll actually get a binding referendum ( the ukraine referendum was n't binding either ) .
