  just as pasta is food . 
  anyone that migrates into a country is an immigrant , that 's the entire point of the word . 
  well the regulations stated that the shape can be abnormal and still be sold as a lower class banana , but that bananas can not be sold if they are below the minimum set size . 
  many people are of the belief that these banana regulations are a waste of time and money . 
  they introduce inefficiencies into the produce of producing and selling bananas and increase the costs for consumers . 
  there was never a need to regulate it because the market was already functioning ok ( read how the eu themselves admitted that most bananas in the uk already met the standards ) and it 's a classic example of how taxpayers feel their money has been wasted by an overly bureaucratic eu . 
  every regulation costs money to draw up and implement . 
  taxpayers money well spent ? 
  it 's tone-deaf to blindly support any and all regulation that a legislative body comes up with . 
  some things need regulating , and some things do n't , because the market already functions fine . 
  the problem is people have the impression that the eu does n't understand this concept . 
  every government and organisation has to learn to deal with a potentially hostile media . 
  the media 's duty is to hold organisations like the eu to account and that sometimes means exaggerating things to increase sales . 
  if the eu has a bad relationship with the british press , then they should have done more to present their side of the argument and build better relationships with the press . 
  instead all we got were tone-deaf responses from spokesmen . 
  that is n't how an accountable legislative body deals with the press . 
  the eu should be held to account , just as any national government is . 
  morocco would be terrible as a democracy in its current state , and their king does a decent job . 
  it 's a stable and safe country and many people live very happy lives there . 
  europe ca n't house every random person in the world . 
  nobody is entitled to 1st-world living standards and we ca n't afford to pay for everyone 's lifestyles to be elevated to that level . 
  they can go back to morocco and help improve the country themselves , and one day they will be ready to elect a proper democratic government . 
  we ca n't do everything for them . . 
  they need to start becoming self-sufficient and produce wealth for themselves rather than rely on other nations giving away free stuff . 
  i did n't see china complaining about being poor , even after 10s of millions of people were killed by famine . 
  they sorted their shit out , worked hard and made themselves wealthier . 
  an example to the rest of the world . 
  because that 's how you win . 
  `` when they go low , we go high '' does n't work . 
  russia needs to be taken down a notch , not left to become bolder . 
  macron has a golden opportunity to unite the eu against a common enemy , russia which would make both france and the eu better off and more united . 
  it 's the one thing the eu has never had which is why it 's always been so factionalized and weak . 
  or you could just spend the next 5 years getting fuck-all done while you pat yourselves on the back for having the moral high ground . 
  the british government has n't backed either candidate in the french election . 
  they secretly wanted fillon to win but may has employed her usual tactic of staying out of the contest to ensure that she can try and get on with whoever wins . 
  which will probably pay off . 
  cameron ended up looking like a complete prick when he endorsed sarkozy last election and almost ended up going to france to campaign for him until he realised that it would make him seem like an even bigger prick than usual . 
  we 've been ( or tried to be ) the toughest on russia out of everyone in europe and it 's a shame when people forget that . 
  we could 've crushed that tinpot country by now by barring them from swift but noone else had the balls to agree to that proposal ... 
  yet i 'm sure that these hacks are still somehow our fault , despite the fact that had people followed our proposals russia would n't even be in a position to pay their hackers in the first place . 
  assange has been a useful idiot for a very long time . 
  the man started out as an idealist , anti-war leftist . 
  back in the day he leaked evidence of war crimes and even the bnp membership list . 
  always an egotist but at least he had principles . 
  but ever since a few years ago when he threatened to leak information on russia & putin he was made an offer he could n't refuse and he 's been on russian payroll ever since . 
  they 've used him as a leaking conduit and tool to push their political agenda in the us election . 
  he 's a pawn , not the paymaster . 
  he 's a spineless coward who cares more about fame than doing the right thing . 
  now that he 's less useful and discredited the russians are going through other channels with their leaks . 
  putin 's troll army is still on the march . 
  they spam twitter , news comment sections , reddit , facebook , any social media that they can and there 's thousands of them . 
  someone is paying them and it 's obvious who . 
  that 's not to say that other organisations do n't have their own troll armies that try to counter putin , but putin 's troll army is clearly the most prolific and most effective right now . 
  but it 's actually the fillon voters that are swinging to le pen , not the far-left ... 
  yet i do n't see you complaining about them . 
  `` but fillon endorsed macron !, 
  '' , i do n't care who he endorsed . 
  look at who his voters are supporting . 
  it 's no surprise that many far-leftists will abstain from this vote . 
  voting for the lesser evil is a tired excuse , especially as le pen will be lucky to break 45 % even if the polling is completely wrong . 
  the reality is very few far-leftists will vote le pen , hatred of the far-right is still strong amongst the hardcore leftists . 
  yet the result still wo n't be ideologically pure enough for some people and following the exit polls we 'll get commenters whining that there was n't a 100 % macron vote share amongst far-left voters . 
  some people are never satisfied unless their chosen candidate has unconditional support from the left under some bizzare logic that they should be falling in line for their superiors ... and yet these same commenters do n't seem to care who the centre-right voters vote for because those voters are n't held to such a high standard . 
  amazing . 
  imagine if it was le pen vs melenchon 2nd round . 
  i bet you a vast majority of right-wing voters would vote le pen rather than the `` lesser evil '' of melenchon . 
  would you be complaining then ? 
  if not then why not ? 
  if neoliberals did n't spend so much time shitting on the leftists perhaps they 'd get slightly more enthusiastic support . 
  just a thought . 
  look at how long they spent shitting on varoufakis for daring to suggest a different course and having the balls to propose something radical . 
  yet now you whine about not having the full support of the left ? 
  give me a break . 
  give the left a reason to enthusiastically vote for your candidate . 
  blaming them for hitler , hurricanes and the heat death of the universe is not going to make them take you seriously . 
  there is no proof of wrongdoing because what the ngo 's are doing is n't usually illegal and even if it were the establishment has no intention of allowing a proper , well-resourced criminal investigation into it . 
  we 've made it legal by crafting idealistic agreements such as the echr which in recent times has been interpreted in ways never previously dreamed of when it was first ratified . 
  this is a reason why people vote far-right . 
  few people are denying that this ngo farce is all semi-legal and `` above board '' ( or rather , it 's completely dodgy but falls just short of being outright illegal ) . 
  what many people want is for laws to change to stop it from happening . 
  so they vote for the only politicians who promise to change the laws ... 
  were you one of those posters who could n't post a single comment without throwing an insult at varoufakis and co during the height of the greek crisis ? 
  we get it . 
  varoufakis bad . 
  austerity good . 
   he didnt fail because he was too pure for the dark world of politics . 
  he failed because he sucked at being a politician . 
  many would argue that you 've contradicted yourself there . 
  very few politicians are able to do well without resorting to cynical and manipulative tactics . 
  whether it 's simply plagiarising a degree or two , or briefing against and setting political traps for fellow party politicians to prevent them rising to challenge you for leadership , politics is a cynical game . 
  idealists like varoufakis get eaten alive by those with more experience . 
  just like how bernie endorsed hillary and yet his supporters either stayed home or voted trump . 
  noone cares what fillon says anymore , even his own supporters . 
  he 's out of the game and does n't matter . 
  his supporters will vote for whoever they feel is closest to fillon 's ideas/policies . 
  people are n't loyal to a politician like fillon these days , they are n't going to just follow his instructions on who to vote for . . ironically the only politicians that command any loyalty from their supporters right now are the far-right . 
  few voters care what some has-been politician has to say or who he chooses to endorse . 
  remember brexit and the remain campaign wheeling out dozens of celebrities and respected statesmen to convince their fans to vote remain ? 
  did n't work . 
  copying a politicians speeches is a working tactic and le pen has seen how successful it can be .
