  countries that actually fell to communism were not so fortunate . 
  there 's a reason why europe has swung to the right since the su collapsed . 
  there 's no need to placate the poor anymore because they have no ideology to rally behind and therefore are no longer a credible threat to the ruling elite . 
  it says nothing about how good or bad communism is itself . 
  it 's simply that leaders do n't like being killed/exiled , and when there 's a powerful opposing ideology it requires spending more money placating the populace to prevent revolt . 
  you see the same thing with the threat of islamism in the middle east . 
  every leader in that region had to develop extensive welfare states to prevent the populace from rallying behind the banner of political islam and overthrowing them . 
  europe is politically stagnant because 1 ideology dominates right now . 
  the leaders have grown complacent and begin to strip away the welfare state . 
  the left wing has no actual teeth anymore , they can no longer paint themselves as the moderate alternative to the communist revolutionaries because the revolutionaries do n't exist anymore . 
  all that 's left is a political system completely gamed by the established ruling class . 
  this is why i have no faith whatsoever in the egyptian investigation into the crash . 
  they have zero incentive to admit that it was a terror attack because they will lose massive amounts of tourism business . 
  likewise , russia has no incentive to admit it was a terror attack either because the last thing they want is to be drawn into a never-ending conflict against a terror group in the middle east . 
  they just want to protect assad from the rebels and then get out once the conflict is over . 
  whatever actually happened the official verdict will be that it was an accident caused by issues with the plane . 
  morsi gave himself dictator-like powers and had no intention of ever stepping down or holding actual elections again . 
  he also did absolutely nothing to reform egypt 's struggling economy which is why people quickly turned on him . 
  islamists are like nazi 's . 
  they are happy to use the democratic process to get into power , then they abolish the system so that they can never be voted out . 
  remember when the mb said that they never intended to run in the presidential elections ? 
  every statement they made was broken within months , they acted like compulsive liars the whole way through the revolution . 
  egypt has a choice between a military dictator and an islamist dictator . 
  there is no secular party that has any chance of being in power right now . 
  that would increase dependence far too much and also cause large inflation in poorer countries . 
  development aid is good because it helps people in the short term and allows local businesses to grow and generate their own wealth , literal welfare states for billions of people in other countries is not . 
  you ca n't pump money into a country with no corresponding increase in productivity without causing huge inflation which would crush the domestic industries in developing countries . 
  the `` victim '' was his partner in crime . 
  she 's not an innocent party in all of this ... 
  if you try to con the state then you might get your fingers burnt . 
  a con artist complaining about being conned by another con-artist is as ridiculous as a soldier complaining about being shot at by enemy soldiers in a warzone . 
  the nigerian man is the smarter of the 2 criminals so maybe he can at least transfer some valuable skills to the child . 
  whether they use those skills for crime or for honest work is up to them . 
  you do n't understand what theft actually is . . 
  is at the top is largely ran by the ba ` thists and they currently control large parts of iraq . 
  so yes . 
  or do they not count because 1 man is dead ... ? 
  hussein was only 1 man in a government made up of many individuals . 
  most of these individuals are now back in power . 
  toppling hussein took mere weeks , most of the iraqi military stayed home after all . 
  the real war in iraq was the occupation afterwards where we achieved very little . 
  we did n't win anything . 
  we gained no significant resources ( oil contracts all went to china and the war caused oil prices to increase which fucked us all over ) , the country is not even allied to us in any significant way , and we certainly did n't improve our reputation in the region . 
  we did n't stabilise the region , we did n't create a functional democracy . 
  it was a complete failure in every single respect . 
  we won nothing . 
  you might as well say that hitler won the war against france in 1940 . 
  just because a white flag is flown does n't mean you 've actually won the wider conflict . 
  i love how they have the sheer nerve to trial him in absentia . . 
  i suppose after you 've gone down the route of stealing dead peoples gold there 's no longer any point bothering with ethics or caring about public image at all . 
  the man is a hero and every one of our intelligence agencies should start spending some resources on getting their own spies to infiltrate the tax-evading banks and gather the information to help our governments generate revenue in these tough times . 
  why are we wasting time and money hoovering up the entire internet for `` meta data '' when we could be putting the spooks to work in generating some extra tax revenue for us ? 
  it 's not about human rights , it 's about what a country has to gain from giving visa-free travel to citizens of another country . 
  every citizen of uae is rich , spoilt and completely dependant on their government to live . 
  this means they would never illegally abscond in another country . 
  making it easier for rich tourists to come to our country benefits our businesses and makes us wealthier . 
  so all we have to do is tolerate a bunch of entitled rich arabs lurking around here for a few months per year and that 's the only downside to the deal . 
  turkey is not oil rich and there is probably a sizable risk of more people staying on illegally to work in rest of europe if they get visa-free travel . 
  the costs outweigh the benefits . 
  so what we want instead is for turkey to co-operate on certain issues that are important to us in exchange for giving them visa free travel . 
  erdogan is unreliable and has little/no intention of sticking to agreements which means there 's simply no point dangling visa-free travel as a carrot anymore . 
  a good social-democratic turkish leader would be able to get a lot more from the eu because we could trust him to actually meet us halfway and stick to agreements in good faith . 
  this sets a clear example to wanna-be despots everywhere . 
  if the public start to get tired of you simply make sure that your security services turn a blind eye to terror plots in the months prior to the new election to spread panic and fear , bomb a neighbouring country if possible , and shut down some opposition press outlets for good measure . 
  it 's the simplest methods that are the most effective . 
  i shudder to think how more progress erdogan will make in consolidating his power in the next few years . 
  he will get nothing . 
  the eu is desperate to fuck the uk banking sector over in the hope that some of that banking business goes over to a eurozone country like germany . 
  the uk dominates global banking so heavily and the rest of the eu would obviously prefer it if things were n't so imbalanced . 
  it will be interesting to see if osborne is any better at dealing with the eu than cameron . 
  cameron has so far succeeded in pissing every world leader off and it 's well known that merkel & hollande in particular think he 's a massive twat . 
  from the perspective of the pro-eu camp surely it 's best to have someone that is n't cameron lead the negotiations ... 
  the us is in the region because the phillipines , vietnam , taiwan , virtually every nearby country that is n't china want the us to protect them from chinese expansionism . 
  it says more about china 's behaviour than it does america 's . 
  of course the us has its own reasons for defending these countries , but ultimately they have n't broken any laws in this recent dispute . 
  what would you have preferred the eu 's response to be ? 
  should they condemn the us for acting in a perfectly legal way and showing their commitment to defending the smaller asian nations sovereignty ... ? 
  why would that make any sense at all ? 
  on what basis would you condemn the us ? 
  you seem to have this idea that the eu should employ some sort of reverse political-correctness where we should criticize the us no matter what they do just so that we are n't seen as a `` puppet '' of them . 
  some people are just anti-american for the sake of it . 
  the us government could cure cancer and give away the cure for free and people would complain that america is causing overpopulation . . 
  i 'm afraid you 're talking absolute rubbish . 
  pis have been pulling ahead for a long time , certainly before the refugee crisis reached the media . 
  the previous government knew that it was going to be voted out a long time ago , them voting for the refugee quota was just their parting shit-on-a-desk , it did n't actually impact voters decisions ...  stop acting so condescending . 
  look at your comments in this thread . 
  nearly every single comment you have made has been so incredibly smug and derisive . 
  climate change does n't care whether you 're behind another country in development or not . 
  sea levels are n't going to stop rising to give you a chance to reach developed status ... 
  it can only be tackled if everyone reduces their co2 emissions . 
  the moment countries start whining about `` but we 're less developed '' or `` but we got no nuclear '' or `` but we have a lot of coal which we need to sell '' the whole thing just falls apart . 
  every country has some excuse , poland 's excuses are no more valid than anyone else 's . 
  in poland 's case i 'm sure some of those structural funds could easily be used to build some nuclear power stations and wind farms . 
  it 's not as if the country is short on eu funds is it ? 
  not really . 
  thousands of people and businesses went bankrupt in germany this year and essentially had their large debts written off . 
  that includes tax debts such as vat etc which means the taxpayer is partly covering the cost . 
  does that mean you feel entitled to a haircut on your mortgage ? 
  of course not ... somebody else being over-indebted does not give you the right to demand an equal write-off as them . 
  nobody protests in the streets over bankruptcy laws which allow thousands of citizens to walk away from their debts , why protest over another country being given a hair-cut on their debt ?
