  the reason why the first minsk agreement failed is because russia knew it could push further into ukraine and so it had no reason to stop fighting . 
  us and germany were playing good cop bad cop with the ukraine issue . 
  this is old news . 
  they 're both on the same page , but obviously it 's easier for germany and france to broker peace with russia than it is for the us . 
  you 're really clutching at straws here trying to shit on poland . 
  1 and # 2 are just meaningless pr statements and getting the eu to even agree to these will be near impossible because nobody in europe likes to lose face by admitting that some countries plan to never join the euro and do n't want further integration . 
  all these proposals would do is recognize the current state of affairs officially . 
  3 and # 4 will never happen either . 
  the eu dislikes the london banking sector ( because reu except sweden does n't have a notable banking sector itself ) and there is n't a chance in hell of them giving special exemptions to the city of london . 
  allowing national governments to opt out of random regulations defeats the whole point of harmonised regulations across the single market so that wo n't happen either . 
  i look forward to cameron showing his diplomatic ineptitude in the coming years . 
  he 's hated by the other european national leaders and the eu itself and i doubt he could even get the eu to agree that the sky is blue , let alone anything else . 
  would it really ? 
  the uk is the 3rd largest contributor to the eu budget . 
  if they leave it means less money for lithuania and other net takers in the future . 
  france and germany wo n't pay extra membership fees so the end result is less money in the eu to distribute for infrastructure projects etc. 
  if you want to throw away billions because it would be `` too difficult '' to negotiate then be my guest ... 
  classic , float a controversial far-out idea by leaking it to a media outlet and see what the public response is . 
  if it goes down like a lead balloon then just deny that you were even considering it . 
  this is why germany is the dominant power in europe right now . 
  when it comes to spin noone can beat them . 
  it 's no different to your landlord coming round to your house one day and demanding an extra 50 % rent from now on because he had to fix your boiler last week . 
  we already contribute money to the eu , the eu already has budgets for external border control and other funding for struggling nations . 
  this money has already been given to the eu to use for things like this . 
  if the eu has pissed its money up the wall on farmer subsidies and other rubbish why should we cough up a massive amount more money , just because some out of touch politician puts a gun to our head and blackmails us with ridiculous soundbites like `` solidarity '' ? 
  government budgets are being cut left right and centre in europe at the moment . 
  if the eu wants more money it can go to the banks and borrow it like everyone else does , taking more money from the european taxpayer to spend on something that does n't benefit the taxpayer one bit is theft . 
  agreed , but unfortunately it will never disappear . 
  the moment oil runs out it will turn into a failed state run by actual terror groups . 
  the saudi royal family are extreme by any standards but the regular people in the country hold far more extreme views . 
  if the regime collapses things would become even worse . 
  just look at egypt for an example of what happens when a country dominated by religious nutcases elect a government . 
  saudi 's are far more extreme and so any government formed from elections or by civil war would make the saudi royal family look like moderates by comparison . 
  it 's always been a backwater area , when oil runs out it will just return to that state but the people will be armed to the teeth with guns , tanks and bombs . 
  it 's easy to see why hegemonic powers like to install puppet governments in places like this , there 's really no other way of containing the threat . 
  if you just leave it alone it will implode and become an even worse rogue state than it is now . 
  europeans are too expensive for unskilled work ( at least for a multinational who can easily go to china and pay people 10 cents an hour ) , especially southerners who do have fairly high living standards . 
  eastern europeans are decent cheap labour but businesses have gotten used to the cheaper labour costs by this point and want to cut costs even further . 
  that 's why you import 3rd world migrants from africa and pakistan ( who make up the majority of these current illegal entrants ) who will work for literally anything . 
  minimum wage ? 
  no problem , just get contractors to hire them illegally and pay them less than minimum wage . 
  turn a blind eye to the contractors dodgy dealings and your hands are clean . 
  germany has massively low unemployment . 
  that is categorically bad for businesses , they prefer an environment with high unemployment because it makes it easier to hire people and gives the employer more bargaining power which allows the business to lower their wages and conditions . 
  flooding the country with migrants is an easy way of trying to increase competition in the job market which will ultimately drive down wages . 
  if unemployment increases enough then the government will likely reduce/remove the minimum wage which is exactly what businesses want . 
  merkel has a great pr team ( although they are mostly concerned with domestic popularity and do n't really care if other countries dislike their statements ) . 
  the problem with mep 's is they tend to be nobodies that are too incompetent/undiplomatic to actually be part of the proper national government so they get told by their party to run for the european parliament instead . 
  there 's a reason why the european parliament is populated by so many blowhards , including farage ( who could n't make it as an mp in the last election ) , verhofstadt , etc. 
  it 's full of people who ca n't cut it in real politics . 
  serbia is currently sitting in russia 's sphere of influence and there is very little prospect of them being absorbed into europe any time soon . . not a great example to use . 
  if we shit on hungary we will just push them towards the russians which reduces our own power and influence ... smart plan , how does that benefit us ? 
  with you in charge we would end up bullying a new `` uncivilized '' eastern european country out of the eu each year until the eu is thinned down to a handful of members . 
  i ca n't imagine a better eu than one dominated by france and germany and their neighbours . . what is hungary doing to warrant an intervention ? 
  they are n't genociding anyone , there 's no war there , it is not a dictatorship . 
  they are not `` harrassing '' refugees . 
  they defended their outer border which is what they are obliged to do ... 
  the uk blocks almost nothing on the european level . 
  we have opt-outs on many issues and so do n't even vote on many things , such as the refugee quota . 
  we also have no involvement with the deadlock in the eurozone , the major opposition to things such as fiscal transfers and common fiscal rules come from the eurozone states themselves . 
  opposition to schengen expansion is again nothing to do with the uk and everything to do with france and germany . 
  we are at best on par with germany and france when it comes to the issue of eu expansion , and in the 2000s we were more pro-expansion than either of them . . 
  so what is the uk opposing that nobody else is ? 
  the reality is everyone in europe follows their national interests first and foremost , noone is interested in a federalized europe unless they think they can benefit from it . 
  political differences in the 4 quadrants of europe are far too large to allow for meaningful decision making to take place . 
  just shove it through with qualified majority voting . 
  job done . 
  who needs unanimous decisions these days ? 
  when assad decides to take revenge on the factions that opposed him by ethnically cleansing the country we will see even more refugees . 
  a villager who fled his town because is took over it is hardly going to return so he can be executed by assad 's death squads is he ? 
  i do n't think you realise how and why is and other militant groups have managed to take control of towns and cities . 
  they take over these places because a sizable portion of the populace supports them and allows them to operate . 
  if assad takes these areas back there will be revenge killings . 
  people will be executed en-masse for `` sympathising with '' and `` aiding '' the various rebel groups that used to have control of the local areas . 
  and if you think assad is beneath such baseless massacres i suggest you look at recent syrian history , starting with what his father did when he was in charge of the country , and finishing with what assad did during the initial arab spring protest that started this entire mess . 
  you underestimate the french . 
  they might seem arrogant and relatively uncivilized but their country has been in a constant state of turmoil for hundreds of years and they 've always come out of it fine . 
  it 's just like germany . 
  no matter what we do to them to keep them down or what they do to themselves they always come out on top in the end . 
  everyone supports strengthening the borders ( even though right and left wing pro-immigration press would have you believe otherwise ) . 
  but the money has to come from somewhere . 
  greece , italy , hungary etc do n't have the money to protect the entire eu 's border from illegal migrants . 
  it 's 1 outer border for the schengen area , every country inside the bubble should be financing the protection of the border . 
  what 's needed is for the core states to contribute a lot more money towards frontex and actually form a coherent external border control policy . 
  the eu also needs to form an agreement with a 3rd party country to process the member states ' asylum claims outside of the eu . 
  otherwise we get situations where hungary gets stuck with thousands of migrants who refuse to be registered and will riot until they get bussed to germany . 
  only when it becomes clear that their claim will not be processed in germany will the waves begin to reduce . 
  it will take a lot more migrants flooding the core countries until they actually agree to put their hands in their pockets to pay for real border control . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs when the eu is able to bully greece and eastern europe into agreeing to some hair-brained schemes that are utterly doomed to fail , but the idea of bullying/convincing a 3rd world country into helping solve the migrant crisis is just deemed too impossible/immoral . . 
  merkel says a lot about many things but does n't actually do anything . 
  bankrupt greece has been scratching its head for the last year wondering exactly how it 's supposed to protect the eu 's border . 
  frontex is a joke . 
  why has n't she dedicated as much political capital towards massively increasing its budget ( recent budget increases have been nowhere near enough as we all know ) and centralizing outer border control across the schengen area ? 
  because it would cost the inner states such as germany money and make her unpopular with the german public . 
  the problem with having a populist leader whose comments are primarily designed for domestic consumption is that international media outlets will only pick out certain comments when it 's most convenient and interesting . 
  this is why many people internationally have the impression that merkel has never spoken about border control before . 
  the solution is obvious . 
  if merkel 's international reputation is falling apart maybe she should hold back on the domestic populism and actually work to solve the issue . 
  merkel is not a political amateur , she 's one of the most intelligent and brilliant ( not implying that she 's good/bad , just very good at staying in power ) politicians the country has had in a long time . 
  knowing how the press will spin public statements is her bread and butter .
