  and it was mentioned in the next damn paragraph in the article ... 
  if poland wants to be a regional power it needs to ditch these idiotic politicians that seem to only care about point scoring and seizing power for themselves . 
  both main parties are clearly full of exactly the type of people that should never be allowed near any position of power . 
  every country has issues with politicians trying to rig things in their favour by redrawing boundaries or fucking the judiciary over , but what is happening in poland goes far beyond regular power-grabbing . 
  it 's gotten so bad that you 're now used to it and will justify it by yelling `` but the previous government did it too !!, 
  have you seen your comments in this thread ... ? 
  you started with a complaint that an article in 2015 did n't mention the detail that france overtook the uk 's economy for a year or 2 a few years ago . 
  i mean why would they mention something that happened years ago and does n't bear any relevance to the matter at hand ? 
  read : the article is about current and future predictions , not about the past . 
  every time an article about the uk 's unemployment or economic growth is posted here there are always french people grinding their axes as loudly as possible , your comments are typical of what 's usually posted . 
  it 's getting to the point where even balkan-related threads are more civil and with less inferiority complexes ... 
  you ca n't stop people using a proper currency for black/grey market deals . 
  look at zimbabwe , venezuela or any other south american country that is plagued by high inflation and worthless currencies . 
  look at the soviet closed economies and how much black market trading there was back then . 
  you can declare us dollars illegal and it would still not stop people buying dollars . 
  if it becomes impossible to trade with sek bank notes ( i.e. 
  they become non-existant ) then drug dealers and other black market dealers will simply use dollars or euros instead . 
  sweden does n't have the legal ability to block its citizens from using other european banks and so people could simply exchange their digital sek for euros and then withdraw them from a denmark atm . 
  smuggling in large sums of dollars/euros for the masses would also be very easy . 
  this is the eu we 're talking about , border control is practically an alien concept at this point . 
  are swedish customs officials really going to search every person coming home from a danish booze cruise ? 
  why are the other car manufacturers so scared of further investigations if they have n't been cooking their figures ? 
  we know for a fact that the regulators in the eu and the individual member states have not done their jobs properly in the last couple of decades and that collusion with car manufacturers has been endemic in our regulatory systems . 
  all cars should be re-tested because frankly we ca n't trust any of the emissions test results that we currently have . 
  if environmental groups are the only ones who can be bothered to actually do these tests then so be it . 
  if authorities do n't want to do their jobs then we 'll end up with trial by media and interest groups . 
  it 's the governments fault for not taking this issue seriously enough . 
  rather than scrambling to protect your domestic industry you should be pushing for greater accountability from these large multinational companies that have likely been conning us on a massive scale . 
  or it will accelerate the process of jobs moving to poland . 
  amazon do n't need to put their warehouses in germany , they can easily move them elsewhere if germany becomes too chaotic an environment to do business in . 
  germany has a different model to france . 
  germany favours low unemployment and low pay over high unemployment and high pay . 
  the strikes are n't big enough to have any impact because most german 's are n't interested in having large confrontations with employers . 
  the unions tend to negotiate a half-decent wage and most workers are content with that . 
  could n't hear you over that axe grinding , sorry . 
  it takes a very committed person to create a strawman over something that is completely irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  it 's not even a very great argument considering that what 's holding back gay marriage in countries like germany , slovenia etc is the attitudes of religious europeans . 
  for example the turks in germany have a more progressive view of gay marriage than the germans do ... human rights should n't even be put up for a popular vote anyway . 
  the only reason a referendum even happened is because the catholic church interfered in another sovereign country 's politics and stuck its hand up the arse of the right-wing parties in slovenia . 
  if parliament had been allowed to do its job in governing the country there would not have been an issue at all . 
  the eu ( or more specifically the eurozone states ) ca n't be trusted to run greece though , the conflict of interest is too large . 
  all the eurozone is interested in is debt repayments , not welfare reforms or health care expenditure , or restructuring the greek economy . 
  the greek bailout programme has been supervised by the rest of the eurozone for years , what has it achieved ? 
  it would be better to parachute some americans and other people from other non-eurozone states in to run the country . 
  they are more impartial , have a better economic track record post-2008 and will do what is best for greece , rather than trying to cynically boost germany & benelux 's trade surplus even more . 
  not really , cameron wants permission for the uk to deny welfare benefits to eu workers unless they 've lived in the country for 4 + years . 
  that does n't effect the integration of reu at all . 
  he wants the uk banking sector and the pound protected , again that does n't effect further integration of reu or the eurozone at all . 
  it only effects the further integration of the uk into the reu . 
  every other country would still be free to do as it pleases . 
  cameron seeks to improve the uk 's position in the union , he could n't care less if france and germany decide to implement for example a eurozone-wide federal government as long as the uk is n't dragged into it . 
  what reforms is he seeking that would prevent integration of reu ? 
  we have to face the reality that some countries will never agree to fully integrate into the eu , and a 2-speed solution is the only sustainable one . 
  many countries will still choose integration because they feel it 's the best option for them . 
  the eu does n't need to strongarm everyone into it . 
  but then the government would collapse ... you do realise why dc gave us a referendum right ? 
  if he did n't his government would collapse and he would lose power . 
  referendums only happen when politicians have something to gain from it . 
  we all know this , you 're not saying anything new . 
  like it or not the backbenchers make up part of the current majority and without them there is no conservative government . 
  it 's cameron 's job as prime minister to keep those backbenchers onside because he needs them just as much as he needs his cabinet ministers ... 
  there 's nothing undemocratic about it . 
  every party has various factions that need to be appeased . 
  causing a mass defection by not holding a referendum would be incredibly stupid on dc 's part . 
  but then you need to exclude ireland too , as much of its gdp is down to its status as a tax haven for large multinationals ... of course when companies like google declare all of their global profits in ireland it 's going to cause gdp figures to inflate . 
  20 % of ireland 's gdp is from large multinationals declaring their profits there . 
  that money clearly does n't benefit the irish people in the same way that profits from a domestic business would . 
  using gnp figures the picture becomes more representative . 
  germany is certainly wealthier than ireland if you use real figures and not cooked gdp figures . 
  the turkey deal was pointless from the start , neither side acted in good faith at all . 
  even if turkey by some miracle ever managed to meet the requirements to join the eu , the eu has absolutely no intention of letting turkey join at any point , ever . 
  france and germany do n't want to lose their dominance over the eu , inviting turkey would completely change the decision-making landscape . 
  and erdogan is not really the type of person to stick to deals either ... 
  the man causes a diplomatic incident on a weekly basis . 
  we need to take responsibility for our own borders and also get a weaker , more dependant country to process refugee claims for all eu countries . 
  turkey is too strong to be coerced or blackmailed into doing our bidding , which incidentally is partly why it will never be allowed to join the eu . 
  but it was implemented because it was very popular with the australian public ... why else would the 2 main parties be in support of it ? 
  especially when it goes against the interests of the upper classes who would benefit from extra cheap labour ? 
  clearly it 's a very popular political issue for the politicians to ignore their donor friends on this matter . 
  of course the conditions in the camps is controversial but that 's not a problem with the solution itself . 
  it 's a problem with the australian government not giving adequate funding to its partner countries , or perhaps corruption in those countries resulting in money being siphoned off . 
  the solution is sound , it 's the implementation that could be improved . 
  just to be clear , just because a human rights group complains about something does n't mean that it 's a `` national embarrassment '' . 
  we get criticized every month by the un for not opening our borders to everyone that wants to come ... 
  why should we show israel support ? 
  they 're equally as bad as the palestinians . 
  the only difference is that israel is more competent at war . 
  if people want to boycott goods then they should be able to , whether it 's french goods , german goods , or goods made in illegal israeli settlements . 
  we 're talking about labelling here , noone is going to be mandated to boycott israeli goods . 
  it 's about personal choice . 
  this fantasy about the brics or whoever else dominating the world in 10 years is just as silly as flying cars or fusion reactors . 
  we 've been hearing about how brazil/india/japan / argentina will dominate the world in 10 years time ever since the 1960s ... 
  the eu has a place as a trade bloc to protect our position in the global marketplace , but there 's simply no need to become a federal super-state . 
  politics is becoming more localized , not less . 
  there is no merit to ceding further powers to bureaucrats thousands of miles away . 
  localised politics is proving to be more effective than just having one very powerful central government . 
  just compare france 's political system to germany 's . 
  clearly one is superior in function to the other . . 
  kurdish outlets need to work on their spin . 
  that article makes rt look subtle ...
