  the problem is both that the law exists and that there are idiots like erdogan who will use it . 
  in some countries it may be legal to shit in the street but it does n't mean people should do it or that we should applaud them when they do . 
  why ? 
  eastern europe is seeing large wage growth ( because it 's starting from a much worse position ) meaning people get wealthier year after year . 
  absolute wealth is n't relevant for situations like this because we 're comparing what a group of people did 5 years ago to what they are doing now . 
  what matters is whether your income is increasing or decreasing each year . 
  germany has had to keep its wages low in order to keep unemployment low , particularly as it still has a more manufacturing-based economy compared to other fully developed countries . 
  its wages have essentially been dropping while yours have increased . 
  in addition to this it has a mercantile government that up until now has largely been obsessed with amassing as large a trade surplus as possible in order to give it leverage over other countries . 
  that trade surplus does n't help the german people , that 's for sure . 
  just because a government is wealthy does n't mean its people are . 
  just ask north korea . 
  the german government is in a great financial position , its people not so much . 
  he 's a chronic liar and an opportunist , but he 's not stupid . 
  he is perhaps lazy but not unintelligent . 
  he 'll take a stand for anything that will get him attention and praise . 
  he 's only taken such a leading role in the brexit campaign to set himself up for tory leadership . 
  boris is what you 'd get if merkel and berlusconi got together and passed their most defining traits to a baby . 
  opportunistic , populist , adaptable , obsessed with the pursuit of greater power , vulgar and laddish , and constantly seeking validation from others . 
  he 's a deeply flawed character and not really qualified to run a country but noone could accuse him of being unintelligent . 
  so instead you want him to continue taking part in the charade by staying and paying taxes to an unsustainable system just to keep it afloat for a few years longer ? 
  you act like a religious cultist , `` we spent good money raising you , you ca n't leave this compound and live a productive life or we 'll disown you '' it 's not his fault that he was born into a country with a great welfare state but has recently implemented a set of unsustainable policies that ensure he will be over-taxed and screwed over by the government during his working life ( and let 's not even get into whether he 'll be entitled to a pension if he decides to stay in sweden ... ) loyalty to ones country is suicidal when the country is actively trying to disadvantage you at every turn . 
  loyalty has to be earned , not unconditionally given . 
  english is the language of global banking . 
  it 's telling that only germany has such an archaic banking sector that it insists on breaking the trend . 
  smaller countries with smaller banks have no problems providing the ecb with english documentation . 
  countries in asia and the rest of europe grasped this concept many decades ago . 
  noone 's stopping you from using your own language in domestic business and your own personal lives , but in the service sector things run a lot more efficiently when everyone speaks one language , especially when it 's services that regularly cross borders such as banking . 
  it 's only cheap if you do n't account for the costs of pollution and climate change . 
  germany & co are giving us all more sick-days off work due to their ridiculous particulate emissions which costs our economies millions but it 's ok because at least it soothes their irrational fear of nuclear . 
  i 'm not even going to go into the massive ( and still underestimated ) external costs of climate change either . 
  even thinking purely in terms of its effect on the eu it 's pretty dire . 
  we already have migrants banging our doors down as it is and in 50-100 years time it 's going to be so much worse , partly due to climate change . 
  meanwhile i doubt any tsunami 's will hit french nuclear reactors any time soon , so i do n't see any serious accidents happening there . 
  because american media is too focused on reality tv , nipple slips or obsessing over a missing plane for 6 months rather than actual , current news . 
  i have n't seen any information about the us presidential election on the disney channel either . 
  with people that matter ( the politicians and diplomats that actually run the us ) , it 's pretty clear they 're not happy with poland 's current direction and have been trying to put some soft pressure on the polish government to change course . 
  nobody trusts a government that acts incredibly erratically . 
  the us has a vested interest in a strong poland to counter-act german and russian dominance in the region , it does n't want to see poland 's government alienate all its allies and fall apart . 
  the so-called left wing party labour has embraced and courted the regressive and conservative religious muslims to keep hold of urban areas such as luton , bradford etc. 
  at this point these ghetto 's will elect anyone with religious credentials so labour have decided to just go along with it and field utterly regressive candidates . 
  if these individuals were white or far-east asian they would n't be allowed anywhere near the labour party because they 're incredibly right wing in nearly every way ( except for wanting more social spending of course ) . 
  it goes completely against the principles of the left wing to accept hyper-religious radicals into your party . 
  turks are about as religious as richard dawkins though . 
  instead of becoming religious zealots , some 2nd/3rd gen turks in germany tend to get into petty nationalistic feuds with kurds ( and vice versa ) because they indulge more in nationalism than religious extremism . 
  from what i understand most turks teach their children about the value of being a productive member of society so they do n't turn into criminal lowlifes . 
  turkey has always been a country of hard workers , you did after all carve out an empire in one of the most god-forsaken regions of the world . 
  the problems come predominantly from 2nd and 3rd generation arabs and pakistani 's who tend to have massive inferiority complexes , a cultural obsession with religion , a dislike of accountability , some patriarchal traditions , and a general aversion to civic nationalism . 
  germany should be worried about its recent arab influx . 
  they will not turn out like the turkish migrants did because we 've seen what happens in countries like the uk , france and belgium already . 
  it 's uncomfortable to admit but some groups are culturally better suited to life here than others . 
  2nd and 3rd generation chinese or vietnamese children are n't forming terror groups and bombing us , 2nd generation polish children are n't forming catholic terror groups and bombing us . 
  well we 've seen what happens when we take a lassaiz-faire approach to integration . 
  either you integrate by adopting the social norms of your host country or you do n't . 
  there is no 3rd option . 
  nobody 's saying that there are n't other valid ways of showing respect , but in switzerland there are social norms that should be adhered to . 
  other countries have different and probably perfectly valid ways of showing respect and deference , but these people are in switzerland , not pakistan . 
  the swiss might be a bit prickish when it comes to things like this but you can guarantee that they wo n't have any integration problems with their migrants . 
  those that do n't integrate into swiss society will be told to fuck off and the problem will solve itself . 
  surely a better approach than our non-confrontational pc approach to integration ? 
  guests should behave as such . 
  follow the rules of the household or leave . 
  the imf bailed iceland out using money from the rest of the world ( i.e. 
  every imf member country ) . 
  without the imf the country would have gone totally bankrupt and certainly would n't have been able to bail out any depositors . 
  and the thanks that countries like the uk got for their generosity in lending money to iceland was the icelandic government trying to con our residents and local authorities out of their savings . 
  iceland only buckled and started coughing up some of the money when it became clear that they would become a failed state if the entire international community were to cease doing business with iceland . 
  noone cares whether bankers got bailed out or not . 
  you can retroactively jail whoever you like if they 're icelandic nationals , it 's not anyone else 's concern . 
  but the reality is you ca n't just fuck over foreign customers and get away with it . 
  foreign depositors had no involvement in the fraud . 
  if you bought a fishing company in china and it then suddenly gets nationalized without compensation 5 years later because one of the fishing rod manufacturers that you used turned out to be committing fraud , you would be pretty pissed off because the state has effectively stolen money from you . 
  we were put in a similar position when iceland suddenly decided to steal foreigners money in order to bail out domestic depositors . 
  it 's only thanks to our diplomatic clout that we got our money back at all . 
  how amusing . 
  the pm of greece is accusing their only real friend in this crisis , the imf ( the only party involved who actually support the necessary partial write-off of greece 's unsustainable debts ) of plotting against them ... ? 
  is he on the payroll of the germans now or what ? 
  a couple of years ago he appeared to have some balls and was willing to challenge the european establishment . 
  ever since he booted varoufakis and capitulated he 's just become another sell-out who has sacrificed his integrity to cling onto power . 
  the imf has been very clear for a long time that it can not continue to throw money at a country that has unsustainable debt levels , their own rules forbid it and lagarde has broken these rules too many times already to protect her beloved euro . 
  if the imf continues to give money to a greece that does not get debt relief in june/july then frankly every imf donor state should pull out of the fund and demand their money back . 
  the imf is not a life support system for the eurozone currency . 
  i do n't understand . 
  they charged him 2 days ago and have now decided that they do n't have the evidence after all and are releasing him ... ? 
  why charge him in the first place then ? 
  is n't the whole point of charging someone with a crime that you can only do it when you actually have the evidence ? 
  either i 'm missing something here or the belgian security apparatus are just the most incompetent force that the world has ever seen . 
  it would n't surprise me if they did get the wrong man , but i just do n't understand how the police could be so sure that they got the correct person that they charge him with the crime but then turn around and decide `` oh actually we got it wrong ... '', 
  so does is , yet it 's not a country . 
  a real country has to be recognized as such , by other countries . 
  simple as that . 
  unfortunately it 's assad and co that are creating most of the refugees so whenever assad takes more territory it 's probably bad news for us . 
  why should we praise our enemy . . ? 
  by all means we can work with him on a peace deal but i do n't think he really understands yet that the country has to be shared in order for there to be peace . 
  in this situation though it 's just some ruins with noone living there . 
  hardly anything that a prime minister of another country would announce ... 
  it 's not as if putin rode in on a bear and saved 100,000 people from isis . 
  does putin make an announcement when david cameron goes to the local pub and orders a pint ? 
  if not then why not ? 
  the problem is as unemployment balloons , your tax receipts drop like a rock . .
