  our input has no influence . 
  the problem is germany is one of the only developed countries that refuses to criminalise bribery from german companies . 
  even the uk and the usa are up to speed on this . 
  germany is absolutely chronic when it comes to exporting corruption . 
  with the uk if a uk company bribes some twat in qatar they can theoretically be charged even though the crime was not committed on uk soil . 
  meanwhile in germany , as long as the german company keeps its bribery outside of germany then they face absolutely no problems . 
  this is why german companies have a reputation for being incredibly corrupt and deceitful in the global marketplace . 
  because they are . 
  ukraine is too corrupt from top to bottom to run itself properly , importing westerners into key management positions actually makes the country more functional and less corrupt than it was before . 
  do you think the ukranian gas companies were less corrupt back when the government was more russia-aligned ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  you do n't get a gdp per capita of $ 4000 as a country with mountains of potential trading partners and a key geographical location without society being chronically corrupt . 
  western corruption exists and is growing , but it 's nowhere near as blatant and large as countries like ukraine where nearly the entire government coffers are emptied into the bank accounts of dodgy oligarch-owned companies within minutes . 
  the illegal migrants defrauded and scammed their employer by providing false documents which appeared to show that they had the right to work in the uk . 
  they have no right to be treated nicely by their employer in return after that . 
  if someone put me on the hook for a # 10k fine by conning me then i would do everything in my power to come out on top regardless of whether it hurts the scammers feelings . 
  this is a much better tactic than idiocy such as pre-warning the illegals and giving them a chance to abscond . 
  illegal migration is theft from the worker , from the government and from all legitimate businesses who act within the law . 
  aiding them is no different to aiding a regular thief . 
  for christs sake , why is the left wing establishment still taking such a ridiculous stance on immigration ? 
  nobody ( posh guardian readers aside ) is going to vote for you if you prioritise the rights of illegal workers over legitimate workers and businesses . 
  you 're completely wrong , it 's impossible for your statement to be true given that the unemployment rates are far lower than the rate of support that the populist parties are getting across europe . 
  denmark has 6 % unemployment yet 20 % of its voters vote for the populist-right-wing party . 
  it would seem pretty obvious that the majority of those voters are in fact working . . 
  the unemployed do n't vote significantly more than other working demographics , in fact they probably are less likely to vote . 
  even if every unemployed person voted far-right ( which is very obviously impossible ) it is simply impossible for them to make up the majority of support for that party ... 
  the populist right are winning over the working and lower-middle classes because the left wing have completely abandoned them in favour of chasing immigrant and champagne-socialist votes . 
  it 's not about working vs not working . 
  there are people in the west who have gained nothing from the last 40 years of globalization , and really it 's the unskilled and underemployed workers that have lost out the most . 
  meanwhile the people who have benefited immensely from this new system lecture these lower classes on being racist , lazy , etc etc. 
  no wonder they hate the establishment . . 
  your comparison makes no sense . 
  hollande is n't hell-bent on becoming dictator-for-life , he and his party are just completely out of their depth and need to look like they 're doing something . 
  the problem is the bank bailouts have sunk the finances of virtually every government that had to get involved . 
  i do n't think the german taxpayer wants to see the same thing happen to their government , seeing as they 've been making personal sacrifices for decades to give the german government such favourable finances . 
  a bank that is too big to fail should be forcibly split up rather than potentially allowed to explode and cost the taxpayer a shite-ton of money . 
  the mantra of `` the dumbass taxpayers of today and tomorrow will cover any mistakes with their blank chequebooks '' is a great idea until people just get sick and tired of funding bailouts . 
  if the banks continue taking the taxpayer for granted then eventually the public will elect extreme populists that bring the situation to a catastrophic end-game , even if it 's in noone 's interests to do so . 
  germany in particular is already very sceptical of bailouts and the finance industry , they would be the first ones to jump on the crazy populist train if their patience is tested . 
  but pegida have no actual power . 
  what do you think germany would look like if the country did n't purge its nazi 's after ww2 ? 
  we had to use military occupation , kangaroo courts and retroactive laws against the nazi 's in order to make the country functional again . 
  when a fundamentally undemocratic force has infiltrated every institution of power you need to use violence to cleanse it . 
  elections do n't work when the government in power can just allow another terror attack to occur prior to the election or orchestrate a failed false coup in order to consolidate support . 
  the voting public always fall for the same tricks , anywhere in the world . 
  turkish democracy is a rigged game , at this point ergodan is n't ever going to be voted out of office now is lunacy . 
  the public and the other political parties are now forced into a position where they will have to support his constitutional changes or be branded `` gulenist traitors '' . 
  how would you suggest people oppose erdogan 's regime ? 
  he controls the intelligence agencies , the judiciary , the military , the police , he 's got a deliberately never-ending civil war next door that he 's endlessly exploited for political gain . 
  good luck voting him out . 
  kurdistan is a small part of iraq . 
  of course the kurds were happy to see saddam go . 
  what about everyone else who lives in iraq ? 
  why do you think so many sunni-majority towns suddenly got taken over by is ? 
  many of the residents fucking welcomed is into their towns because they absolutely hate the current central government of iraq . 
  and meanwhile in the safer cities such as baghdad residents are leaving the country in droves because the economy is in the toilet and their democratically elected government is utterly useless at getting anything done due to sectarian strife . 
  kurdistan was already on a slow and steady path to de-facto independence and there was no need to invade iraq to make it happen . . bombings and diplomatic pressure would have been enough to keep things moving forward if saddam ever threw his toys out of the pram again . 
  you ca n't rush these kind of changes in a region like the middle east . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that the main reason why saddam managed to butcher so many kurds in the first place is because the western powers sold him the weapons he needed several decades before . 
  iraq was a class a fuck-up in every possible way . 
  if there had to be an intervention then we should have limited ourselves to bombing saddam 's regime , not marching in and screwing the entire country up . 
  prior to the war what reason was there to believe that the us could occupy such a divided , oppressed country and not fuck it up ? 
  iraq is not post-ww2 germany and everyone knew this full well . 
  it was lunacy from the start . 
  barnett formula reform wo n't happen especially under this government . 
  it would effectively take money away from scotland ( who currently get too much funding ) and give it to wales which simply makes no sense for a government that does n't get any votes from wales in the first place . 
  scotland is at risk of leaving so of course from a purely pragmatic standpoint their funding will likely stay generous , wales is never going to leave the uk so they can be screwed by westminster as much as possible . 
  taking money away from england and giving it to wales would be electoral suicide for the tories , for obvious reasons . 
  these basic realities are n't going to change any time soon . 
  wales was completely dependant on the relative benevolence of the eu , westminster has never really cared about wales at all even when labour were in charge . 
  and yet there is n't a single country in the developed world with a 100 % inheritance tax . 
  so we are n't born equal anyway , republic or not ... voting for an extra idiot to become head of state does n't actually make society more equal . 
  scotland is not a viable independent state particularly given current oil prices , you 'd be looking at greek-sized government deficits from the start . 
  there is no way that germany of all countries would subsidise things to the degree that scotland requires to be financially viable , and neither would the eu itself . 
  an independent scotland would likely not receive much in structural funding from the eu as it would actually be one of the wealthier states in the union ( you 'd essentially have to take our place in bankrolling eastern european development and would likely end up being a net contributor ) . 
  scottish taxpayers already are net contributors to the eu budget and that 's after taking into account the uk rebate . 
  there would n't be any choice but to cut spending and raise taxes . 
  unlike wales , scotland actually gets a good deal from the uk government right now as far as funding goes so you 'd be pretty silly to go it alone . 
  but to be fair everyone is making silly decisions these days , wales is completely dependant on eu funding and yet it voted to leave . 
  maybe scotland can be equally stupid and vote to leave the uk and throw away massive amounts of funding that it currently receives from westminster . 
  just do n't bother asking the eu to match our funding formula . . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is stupid and has no valid points '' . 
  christ , we get it . 
  you can stop now . 
  merkel 's comments were for domestic ( german ) consumption , as with everything else she says in public . 
  all her statements have been her talking to the german press aimed at german audiences . 
  she 's never directly asked the british people to vote remain . 
  but she 's made plenty of veiled threats regarding potential trade deals . 
  orban 's advert is a direct appeal to the british people in a british newspaper and the vast majority of hungarians will never even hear about it . 
  it 's always funny when tin-pot dictators try to understand party politics in another country . 
  putin is so used to having complete control over his party ( and the country in general ) that he forgets that parties like the conservatives in the uk are split between 2 wings and that compromises have to be made to prevent party splits . 
  those that are euroskeptic have demanded a referendum for a long time and cameron had already delayed things enough . 
  it was n't within his power to deny people the right to decide any longer . 
  if cameron refused to give a referendum the party would have appointed a more euro-skeptic leader already . 
  as it is , cameron has done the best with the bad hand he 's been dealt by holding the referendum on his own terms . 
  shame he 's a useless twat but from his perspective he 's done the best he can . 
  i do n't know where this conspiracy theory that cameron is pro-brexit or anti-europe comes from other than pure ignorance . 
  even some people in this sub seem to spout it . 
  it 's equally as ridiculous as calling obama a secret muslim but somehow it 's taken more seriously than other conspiracy theories . 
  but hollande is the only one who 's had the balls to try to implement labour market reform ... sarkozy is just slimy and corrupt .
