  it used to be that the most obvious liars would lose because the press would expose their inconsistency . 
  now we see the opposite and lying big can win elections . 
  a strong democracy needs a strong and respected press to hold politicians to account and scrutinise their promises , but the press has done a lot to destroy any respect that it once had by becoming partisan and agenda-driven . 
  to be fair though the leave campaign did n't win because of the lies . 
  nobody actually believed # 350 million would suddenly get redirected to the nhs . 
  it won because a majority of brits felt the country is in a bad state and they will naturally vote to change the current reality in the hope that it improves things . 
  recessions always happen and it wo n't be long before the next one . 
  a simple search will show hundreds of articles of `` experts '' predicting recessions , particularly in the us which would effect the rest of us greatly . 
  one of many examples http://www.marketwatch.com/story/next-recession-will-hit-during-trumps-first-two-years-2017-05-01 recessions ( and booms ) are as fundamental to capitalism as food-lines are to communism , in that idealist university graduates always pretend that in an ideal world the system can run without that thing happening , but it 's a load of bollocks and is completely impossible in the real world . 
  we live in a time of large-scale social unrest , both in the developed world and in the me and africa . 
  we live in a time where even during economic booms an ever-increasing minority of people do not necessarily see any real growth in their own incomes and also face increased competition from `` outsiders '' who appear to be more successful than them . 
  there 's also an increasing perception that the outsiders receive more help from the government . 
  it 's a ticking time bomb waiting to happen . 
  the problem with a potential recession is that interest rates have nowhere to go so in the event of another credit crunch the government might end up making some stupid decisions in a desperate attempt to correct things , i.e. 
  huge negative interest rates or banking deregulation to get things moving again . 
  few governments would be able to get away with doing nothing and allowing the markets to re-correct in the event of recession as people are increasingly disenfranchised and distrustful of the government . 
  if interest rates become farcical and banks get deregulated again then in another 10-15 years time we could end up with a massive crisis that dwarfs 2008 and 1929 when the deregulated banks go completely tits up . 
  if our governments do n't completely fuck everything up in the next 20 years i will be utterly shocked , because so far they 've made good progress on it . 
  there 's a chance that things can be reversed but given how terrible politicians have been doing in the last 20 years i 'm not too hopeful . 
  fuck-ups followed by fuck-ups followed by fuck-ups and each successive government finds itself in an increasingly difficult position to mop up the messes because all good faith and trust has already been eroded . 
  by both parties you mean both countries , but not everyone in those countries . 
  let 's talk about people and not statistics . 
  not everyone has benefited from globalisation . 
  many people in many developed countries find themselves with less opportunities than they did several decades ago , no job because it 's gone offshore , no re-training funding , stuck living off the state and stuck in a post-industrial ghetto that they ca n't afford to move away from . 
  people that voted for trump have no future , no politician cares about them and they know it . 
  they do n't want more free-trade deals when it 's those deals that moved their jobs to china in the first place . 
  you can take a leaf out of clinton 's book and recite tone-deaf `` but our gdp has increased by x % and x % of workers now have a 32 inch television '' stats but it does n't change what actual individuals are genuinely experiencing in their lives . 
  people voted for trump knowing full well that he 's a moron who is n't qualified to run a bath but people are desperate and will back whoever claims to actually be listening to their concerns . 
  trade is not zero-sum but there are always winners and losers in any trade deal . 
  the problem is there can become a perception that there are increasingly more and more losers and fewer winners ( or rather , that most of the winners are in the other country ) , which is bad news for politicians who try to sell these deals to the public . 
  americans see their recent trade deals as millions of american working class workers losing so that hundreds of millions of workers in china and mexico can win , and in exchange a small number of upper-middle class americans win . 
  to dispute such a perception you have to outline how has globalisation benefited the working classes in the developed world ? 
  it sure has benefited the developing world but those people do n't vote for the american president . 
  trump and merkel have two opposite and equally dogmatic viewpoints . 
  trump thinks everything is zero-sum while merkel thinks everything , even international relations and movement of people are not zero-sum . 
  there is a middle ground to be found where you encourage trade but do n't fuck over your own workers . 
  china is an example of a country that has balanced protectionism with free-trade in a smart and effective way . 
  that 's the same argument as the tired old `` no country has ever implemented real communism , it would work great if a country did it properly '' ... idealism does n't work . 
  globalisation does produce winners and losers on an individual and local scale , in every country that embraced globalisation we see this happening . 
  of course it 's good for the gdp figures , but is it actually good for the depressed post-industrial cities that are now ridden with crime and extremism ? 
  there is no argument against this other than denial . 
  but most muslims are not left-wing except economically . . that 's the problem . 
  they are very socially right-wing and often do n't fit well into typical left-wing parties . 
  perhaps we should take a leaf out of israel 's book and maintain a group of state-funded assassins who can hunt down criminals in foreign countries that have managed to evade justice . 
  the saudi 's actively finance terrorists in our own countries , the only language they understand is violence . 
  the saudi 's do n't dare mess with countries such as israel because they know that the israeli 's do n't tolerate any bullshit . 
  a strong and violent response with some plausible deniability will put the saudi 's in their place . 
  may is more in favour of regulation and market controls than most of the tory party . 
  that 's why she stole millibands energy price cap policy for example . 
  banning letting agent fees is another interventionist policy that cameron would never have considered . 
  may has acted as a terrible leader in her response to the crisis but the reality is the decision to not update the building regs was made by mr `` no more safety culture '' cameron and the rest of the party . 
  the tories are trying to pin all the blame onto may when really the problem is far bigger . 
  the party policies are the problems that caused this mess , not just may herself . 
  do n't fall into the conservatives trap of making may a scapegoat , the party are planning on forcing her out once the full inquiry plays out and hoping that all the bad press regarding the fire will go with her . 
  do n't let them get away with such shameful politicking . 
  the party is to blame , not just may herself . 
  the eu has little to do with it as regardless of whether we are in or out it does n't impact on our ability to regulate housing standards . 
  this is a national and local government fuckup and nothing to do with the eu . 
  the us ( or most of it ) is n't intent on helping russia . 
  obama and the democrats were more diplomatic ( sometimes to the point of nativity ) and would always want to make sure that europe was on side before placing additional sanctions on russia . 
  you could argue that they achieved next to nothing in their attempt at creating a `` united front '' because things got watered down too heavily . 
  we could have barred them from swift years ago and brought them to the negotiating table like we did to iran , but noone except the anglos had the balls to support such measures . 
  the republicans are more hawkish and do n't have an issue with acting unilaterally . 
  so they 've done what they 've wanted to do for many years ; get tough on russia . 
  your only hope is that agent trump intervenes and bins these plans . 
  unfortunately he 's probably not too inclined to help russia right now given the current position he 's in and i doubt he will want to do germany any favours for obvious reasons . 
  quite simply the us congress does n't care if germany throws its toys out of the pram over new sanctions , the us spent years pursuing a diplomatic appeasement policy and in their eyes it has n't worked . 
  of course they will seek to help their own companies in the process , that 's how every country works . 
  from a political point of view the russia-germany pipeline is a terrible idea anyway , unless you want to see europe increasingly divided by russian gameplaying in the future . 
  imagine how happy the russians would be if they could blackmail individual eu member states by switching off the gas pipelines to a particular country without it affecting their richer customers like germany . 
  even though it 's against german interests it 's better for europe as a whole if germany is tied to the same supply lines as the rest of eastern europe . 
  the tories will do everything in their power to cling on for as long as possible . 
  and the dup are going to love every minute of being in control and wo n't want to it to end . 
  arlene foster is looking forward to being able to misappropriate massive amounts of state funds for her friends , it 'll make the renewable heating scandal look like pocket change in comparison . 
  if anyone can drag this corpse of a government along for 5 years , it 's them . 
  may will be locked in a cupboard and kept on as some venezuela-style figurehead with no actual power and the rest of her party will keep trundling on . 
  i hope you 're right and the farce ends soon , but i think both parties are sufficiently invested in keeping things together for at least a couple of years . 
  but he has been on trial in the hague a couple of times ... you 're going beyond the stage of historical revisionism and are essentially point-blank denying the fucking present . 
  he 's also currently wanted for a 3rd charge and he 's shitting himself so much that he 's joined up with the rest of his dodgy mates in a desperate attempt to shield himself from justice . 
  he led a paramilitary organisation during a brutal civil war . 
  it 's pretty difficult to understand how a man could get to be in charge of a brutal paramilitary group in the balkans without being a grade a violent nutcase . 
  it would be delusional to pretend that he 's not a terrorist and war criminal who carried out targeting of serb civilians . 
  you should realise that to us you seem equally as delusional as those that think gerry adams was n't part of the ira , or those that think that karadzic did n't do anything wrong . 
  part of the reason why kosovo is a failed state is because it 's nearly entirely run by criminal gangs and dodgy paramilitary groups . 
  unfortunately there are enough tribalists around who will continually prop up these criminals because they 're `` fine lads '' , and yet these same people scratch their heads wondering why their country is in such a shite state . 
  and i 'm sure there will be reasonable requirements , the jobseeker can probably choose a few sectors that they are capable of working in and apply for jobs in those sectors . 
  people can choose to be unemployed if they like , but why should the state fund their lifestyle if they are refusing a job on offer ? 
  the appropriate thing to do is take a job even if it may not be what the person necessarily wants as a first preference and look for a better job while working . 
  that 's how it works anywhere else in the world . 
  it 's hardly unreasonable or extreme . 
  in the ussr for example it was illegal to be unemployed and you either did the job the government gave to you or you got imprisoned . 
  if macron 's idea is extreme than what does that make the ussr ? 
   yes it is . 
  you know what 's great for the economy ? 
  slavery : no that 's wrong ... 
  there 's a reason why the developed world moved from feudalism -  slavery -  capitalism . 
  slave based economies are not competitive . 
  just ask the confederacy in the us . 
  or look at the various countries in africa and the middle east that still practice large-scale slavery . 
  slave-based economies are far weaker than a capitalist economy .
