  the issues in ukraine currently are because the west does n't have enough actual influence over ukraine 's ruling class . 
  the western technocrats we parachuted in have been forced out by the corrupt rulers of ukraine . 
  the west is interested in a strong and pro-west ukraine for its own selfish reasons . 
  ukraine 's rulers just want to siphon off as much aid money as possible from either side and they care nothing for the country 's finances . 
  who would you side with ? 
  likewise with your country , it would be much worse off if america were to leave you to your own devices , as we end up with your own elected politicians shitting your country up and making things worse for everyone . 
  it does amuse me when american client states complain about american influence , when you have massively benefited from being america 's pet . 
  at least it 's understandable when iranians or cubans complain about us influence because it objectively harmed these countries , but polish people have no right to complain when they 've gained so much from the west . 
  no they did n't . 
  at the time the israeli 's were too busy blowing up hotels housing british government officials to make any friends . 
  israel had no real allies at the time of the war . 
  nukes were n't even a factor back then either . 
  israel did n't really become the darling of the west until after the 1967 war . 
  the israeli 's were just a lot more disciplined and better at war than the arabs . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  the unemployment office is n't required to find anyone work ( in most developed countries the government does n't do shit to help anyone find work , why would immigrants deserve special treatment ? ), 
  why did n't she go and search for work herself ? 
  she should n't be relying on the government to do her job searching for her . 
  thousands of other migrants have no issue doing this . . 
  i do n't see polish people sitting outside the jobcentre complaining that noone will give them work . 
  they apply for jobs wherever and whenever they can because that 's how you find work . 
  as far as i 'm aware the treaties allow a country to expel an eu migrant if they have n't found work in 3 or 6 months . 
  that `` delightful policy '' is exactly what every eu member state had in mind at the time free movement of workers was dreamt up . 
  if a migrant ca n't find work for over 6 months why should they stay in the country , draining resources ? 
  work or leave , that 's what free movement of workers is all about . 
  the only issue in this case is perhaps the partner is capable of supporting her which would make deporting her unnecessary . 
  but with sob-stories like this who knows what her partners prospects are , maybe he does n't work either . 
  you 're an idiot . . 
  if you have no arguments to present then just do n't post , it 's a waste of our time reading your comments . 
  card-carrying terrorists are not innocent until proven guilty though . 
  they 're guilty but live outside civilized jurisdiction meaning the authorities are unable to bring the case to trial . 
  are you going to ban publishing the names of any fugitives who skip bail prior to the trial date as well ? 
  pretty much . 
  if the greeks insist on calling macedonia fyrom then we should start calling greece `` the former turkish republic of greece '' . 
  it 's no wonder they elect such incompetent and spineless politicians when disputes like this take centre stage on their foreign policy debates . 
  it 's pretty clear that erdogan has no reason to fear the courts . 
  he 's already effectively been in contempt of court by building his own personal prime ministerial/presidential palace despite the court ruling it to be illegal every step of the way . 
  yet he was still allowed to stay in power . 
  i think the eu was very naive in enabling and encouraging erdogan to remove the military 's power during the 2000s in some soppy bid to make the country more `` democratic '' . 
  the military was historically the only check on the politicians power in turkey , the courts have no ability to enforce rulings against politicians without a politicized , independent military . 
  farage could n't even win a seat in the uk parliament , he hardly represents the uk in this ... 
  but to be fair you 're an ally only because of your convenient geographical location . 
  and likewise , turkey only sides with nato because it 's the only game in town , other than russia of course ... and turkey would obviously never cast its lot with russia because turkey has no intention of becoming anyone 's vassal state . 
  turkey is an unreliable partner in the syrian conflict , especially where refugees are concerned . 
  what erdogan is doing is blackmail and it 's clear that neither side ( the eu or turkey ) has the intention to negotiate with good faith , which is why we need to look elsewhere for solutions to the migrant crisis . 
  do what ? 
  they 're bankrupt and ca n't just shoot down the boats that come their way due to human rights rules . 
  it 's all fun and games when you can just build walls and fences , but a country like greece is fucked due to its geography , even if it did have a competent and solvent government in charge it has no way of stopping the boats without using force . 
  right now we have a bankrupt country in charge of one of the outer schengen borders , they are bearing the brunt of an entire horde who want to go to germany , sweden , austria etc. 
  frontex is only interested in keeping the migrants in greece so it 's not as if greece can turn to them either . 
  you are right of course , somebody is going to have to rip up the existing rule book and do things differently , because the crisis is n't going to resolve itself until that point . 
  but greece does n't have the financial or political capital to start doing anything radical , it 's already a pariah state in the eu . 
  we have a borderline-orwellian style `` prevent '' terrorism policy that 's recently come about in the last couple of years which is primarily designed to combat extremism in dodgy inner-city shithole schools and local authorities in bradford , luton , etc. 
  so for example if a school had problems with islamic/far right gangs or a student was seen encouraging others to kill those that leave islam the school would have to intervene and inform the authorities so that they can `` prevent '' these people becoming proper extremists in the future . 
  the reason this policy exists is because the authorities have a history of ignoring controversial incidents like this , so now the government is effectively forcing these authorities to act every time something happens . 
  as with any removal of discretion it causes a massive mess . 
  when a boring middle-of-nowhere school in hampshire tries to follow the policy they do n't have a clue what to do because : 1 . 
  nothing eventful has ever happened there , certainly nobody would ever bother to attack such a school . 
  the demographic of the school is 100 % white 3 . 
  the local area is made up of the kind of middle-aged people that take all facebook posts seriously , even silly posts about gangs marking homes with sawdust to burgle . 
  so you have potentially a culture of panic in an area that is actually very safe and boring . 
  there is effectively no terrorism to `` prevent '' in an area like this , the far-right are extremely weak in this country and the real far-right thuggery happens in the urban schools anyway . 
  silly government guidelines meets bored , brainless bureaucrats in need of excitement . 
  such anti-terror policies are best off ignored for schools that have little/no ethnic minority groups but the government would never say that out loud of course . 
  calm down schauble . . 
  what may happen is that gay refugees feel so unwelcome in regular refugee centres that they all flock to these special lgbt centres , leading to increased demand , more of them being built , until the refugee community is completely segregated into lgbt and regular centres . 
  that 's what segregation is . 
  of course it 's better for the lgbt refugees to be segregated like this rather than being assaulted by others in the regular shelters , but the mantra of `` separate but equal '' is a dangerous path to go down . 
  look at japan 's female-only trains or post-slavery era us . 
  having separate facilities for things like this only masks cultural problems , it does n't solve them . 
  hell , look at the entire immigration policy of countries like the uk or sweden . 
  segregating people does n't help integrate people into wider society . 
  what happens when these lgbt muslims visit the local mosque ? 
  the bigots will still be there . 
  do they have to form their own mosque too ? 
  run their own local shops to avoid being the victim of hate crimes ? 
  ridiculous . 
  these lgbt shelters would n't be necessary if the government was ruthlessly deporting bigoted migrants and screening them more carefully before allowing them to enter the country . 
  the wto will have something to say about that . 
  the days of slapping huge tariffs on goods from countries that you do n't like are long over , unless you run some failed despotic state that does n't abide by wto rulings . 
  my understanding is that any tariffs that the eu is allowed to place on our products/services would be small ( they must be similar to any tariffs that are currently applied to other countries outside the eu ) and some would argue that our competitive advantage in some areas is such that we would still be able to export many things to the eu without issue , an extra 3 % cost in tariffs would n't necessarily outweigh the fact that we can do x , y , and z more efficiently than other countries . 
  without a crystal ball who knows what the impact will be , but the idea that the eu could legally slap massive tariffs on us is just laughable . 
  as much as some eu member states may wish for a return to the days of mercentalism , unfortunately for them we live in a different world now and it would be a lot more difficult to openly declare a trade-war against us . 
  the reason we have n't left yet is because our establishment are dedicated to staying in so that we can continue to divide the eu and represent america 's interests in europe . 
  do n't blame us , people had to spend literally decades asking for a referendum on this issue before the politicians finally gave it to us . 
  and they 're all still dedicated to staying in . 
  it does n't help that the eu is utterly terrified of us leaving for fear of a domino effect which means it 's even less likely that we will leave . 
  the eu will fly in various leaders to tell us how important we are and how we need to stay in for everyone 's sake . 
  and why the hell would the uk want to join the euro anyway ? 
  we are n't that stupid ... 
  even our politicians were n't stupid enough to fall for that trick . 
  same with schengen , if we had no border control we would have an even worse illegal migrant problem than we already have , which would be impressive in a very bad way . 
  welfare states only work if only nationals can claim welfare ( with perhaps a few exceptions such as a small number of genuine refugees ) otherwise the whole thing falls apart . 
  there are 7 billion people in the world and most of them are far poorer than the average german , is it sustainable to pay out welfare to all of these people ? 
  see sweden 's current state for details of what happens when a welfare state becomes a free-for-all for foreigners . 
  welfare restrictions and immigration restrictions are utterly key for maintaining a sustainable welfare state . 
  otherwise you wo n't have it for very long and everyone will suffer . 
  this is about nation states , not national socialism . 
  there 's no ideology at play here , just common sense and cold hard numbers . 
  people pay into the system and they take out of the system .
