  it 's not about legal rights and wrongs , of course turkey was legally entitled to shoot down the russian military plane . 
  it was just a very stupid thing to do in the context of the syrian crisis , as it 's become very clear that a political solution to syria is needed , not more chest-thumping . 
  right now turkey is still utterly devoted to destabilizing syria in order to weaken assad and prevent the kurds in syria and iraq from consolidating their gains . 
  and really i think it 's a bit rich for turkey to complain about border infringements when it has spent the last few years backing various terror groups ( as well as moderate rebels who frankly turkey has n't bothered to actually vet at all , see the turkmen commander proudly boasting of his militia 's war crime recently ) in a neighbouring country and is actively carrying out bombing campaigns there ... 
  if defending borders is such a black and white thing for you does that mean you would support assad and his russian friends bombing turkey in retaliation for turkey 's recent infringements ? 
  you have to be consistent if you 're going to take such a definitive view on things . 
  this tit-for-tat game is stupid . 
  everyone in syria has backed nutcases and none of us are in a position to lecture the others on morality at this point . 
  turkey is bankrolling the turkmen rebels , they 're literally right across the border too . 
  apprehending them would be only too easy if turkey was serious about prosecuting war criminals . 
  either that or turkey could provide the necessary information to the assad regime so that the war criminals could be arrested by the current `` government '' of the country they reside in . 
  i know of course that no country ever prosecutes itself or its allies for war-crimes but i 'm just pointing out that they 're not outside your reach at all . 
  regardless of the fact that russia is obviously at war with the various rebel factions in syria , it 's still a war-crime to shoot and kill an unarmed parachuting pilot . 
  that 's what war-crimes are , even if you 're at war you 're not supposed to do certain things ... by all means your little rebel factions are free to shoot down planes/helicoptors in syria to their hearts content , that 's part of war . 
  but do you really expect anyone outside turkey to take these groups seriously when one of their commanders boasts to the press about the war-crimes his militia group have recently committed ? 
  even the nazi 's were n't so stupid . 
  nobody backs pkk . 
  the west recognize them as a terror group . 
  and yes syria is fucked . 
  the only way to fix it is for all sides to put diplomacy first and try to forget everything that the various factions have done . 
  we 've all fucked up and the situation has gotten out of hand . 
  even russia was warming towards a diplomatic solution as it 's becoming clear that assad is never going to control the whole country again . 
  following today 's events we 're going to find it very difficult to get russia to see our point of view ... we ca n't solve the syrian crisis without russia 's participation . 
  think about it . 
  in any future syrian government all factions need to be represented , which includes the turkmen . 
  who the hell in russia or syria is going to allow the turkmen to be part of any unity government now ? 
  while the adults are trying to solve one of the worst conflicts in recent time the turks respond by shooting down a russian jet and whining about the kurds . 
  give me a break . 
  whataboutism is annoying regardless of whether it 's done by putinbots or any other nationalistic lowlifes . 
  sorry to break it to you . 
  forcibly take over dodgy schools . 
  fire the entire board of governors and start again . 
  fire and ban any teachers preaching political islam . 
  bar any governors who try to segregate meetings . 
  writing letters and giving them years to `` improve '' and `` rebrand '' is n't going to achieve a great deal . 
  the school will just swap some mohammad 's for some other mohammad 's ( aka friends/family of the current board members ) and claim that they 've sorted the problem out ... nepotism and tribalism is the big problem here . 
  the school is n't going to solve itself because the people that run the school will just get their friends/family to take their place if ofsted give the current board a bollocking . 
  clear cut war crime . 
  will turkey be arresting the terrorists that were responsible so that they can be brought before the hague ? 
  it 's pretty sad that the turks ( as well as the rest of us ) are backing terror groups that commit just as many atrocities as assad 's regime . 
  hardly a sustainable solution to replace a batshit dictator with an even more batshit off-shoot of al qaeda which are currently hellbent on wholesale genocide against the shiites . 
  whatever we may think of russia and whatever crimes they have committed before , they 're perfectly justified in their anger towards us and have absolutely no reason to trust us at all now . 
  now the syrian civil war could continue for many more years , killing and displacing thousands more people . 
  well done turkey . 
  it 's a colossal diplomatic fuck-up and nobody except turkey will benefit from this . 
  and erdogan 's number one goal is to torpedo any hope of a peaceful , diplomatic resolution to the syrian conflict . 
  which he 's now just done by attacking russia at a time when the west and russia were finally finding some common ground . 
  russia does n't win in this situation . 
  they 're hopelessly outclassed by nato and they know that we will all side with turkey on this issue . 
  now putin faces an angry public who will demand action , and russia is n't in a position to take action . 
  he does n't benefit from this . . turkey needs to be taken down a notch . 
  the last thing we need is being dragged into international dick-waving contests because some power-hungry nutcase does n't like it when his pet terror groups get bombed . 
  it 's not really a point of view . 
  british people live there , the british military protects the islands , and argentina is a bankrupt borderline-failed state which currently has no ability to expand its borders . 
  they also have no legitimate claim to the islands either so international law is on our side . 
  that 's the reality of the situation . 
  argentina can either work with us or against us . 
  nobody is going to allow argentina to get hold of the islands at this point , especially because we know that the argentine government would happily ethnically cleanse the place and move its own people in . 
  it 's not terrorism because noone will die or be injured as a result of this ... 
  hospitals etc will have backup generators . 
  ukranian nationalists targeted infrastructure . 
  it is technically a crime but oh well , better that they focus on attacking big metal pylons rather than attacking actual people . 
  i 'm not sure what you expect to be honest . 
  you occupy a country illegally and you will get a militant response . 
  you should be grateful that the resistance is so tame ... would you rather these nationalists started setting off ied 's in crimea itself or sending suicide bombers there ? 
  the goal was to reduce unskilled migration to australia , and it clearly worked ... 
  the goal was n't to create some hunky-dory paradise for the migrants to live in . 
  you might not agree with the methods but you do n't get to decide that something is n't `` working '' if it 's achieved its stated goal . 
  i might not like that the sky is blue , but that does n't mean i can start denying it and pretend the sky is yellow ... 
  because once people are here , we ca n't get rid of them very easily if they decide to not uphold their end of the deal . 
  how do you enforce that someone learns english within x number of years in a country with no id card system ? 
  utterly impossible . 
  the home office is completely incompetent and is barely able to deport known terrorist preachers . . good luck deporting someone who has lived here for a few years and likely had 2 children by then . 
  frankly the uk is the place to be right now . 
  if people want to come here they must meet the criteria 's . 
  we have the clout to set very tough standards for new migrants and we owe it to our current residents to do so . 
  nobody is splitting up families . 
  if someone chooses to leave their home country by themselves to migrate to the uk they need to accept that they are guests in their new country , and that just because they have been invited into the house does not mean their spouse ( and by extension their entire extended family ) is also invited in . 
  we 're following the lead of the gulf and other me countries and just exporting our homegrown terrorists elsewhere . 
  the idea is we can offload problems of our own making onto other countries to deal with . 
  because actually clamping down on extremism here is too difficult for our incompetent government . 
  and our politicians would n't want to do anything that would piss off their paymasters in the gulf , so ideas such as banning foreign funding of mosques or implementing a licencing system for imam 's are completely out of the question . 
  ukraine is already cooling down . 
  the difficulty with issues like crimea is that even if we force the russians to leave , the people of crimea would demand another referendum . 
  the reality is even a proper , democratic referendum with no military occupation would still result in them voting to join russia . 
  it 's in all of our interests to co-ordinate efforts into eradicating is . 
  they 've attacked us all , they 're a common enemy . 
  with the issue of syria our input over the next few months will make the difference between a failed state plagued by many more years of war and a potentially semi-functional state . 
  we need russia to co-operate because they control assad and his regime forces . 
  once is are eradicated from syria there 's going to be a large power vacuum , if war continues then numerous factions will scramble to control the new territory . 
  we need to ensure that a unified syria comes out of this vacuum including the kurds , the democratic rebels and assad 's lot . 
  they need to all have real power in the new syria , otherwise it 's not going to work . 
  assad himself should probably leave the stage though unless he can somehow make himself palatable to the syrian opposition forces . 
  only dialogue will convince the russians of this idea , they are n't going to be bullied into agreeing . 
  we ca n't fuck syria over just for the sake of a separate outstanding dispute . 
  we do n't need to withdraw russian sanctions to sort this issue out anyway . 
  it 's in russia 's interest to negotiate an end to the syrian crisis just as much as it 's in our interest . 
  shutting them out of discussions is just going to make it 100x more difficult to resolve the situation . 
  we were never friends with assad . 
  they have always been russia 's ally .
