  how can you betray a life-long bitter enemy ? 
  he 's a power-hungry maniac that should have left office the moment the revolution became violent . 
  it would have been the best option for both his own wellbeing and the long-term future of his country . 
  assad 's regime has a history of buying oil from is and for much of the war they 've had general agreements not to fight each other too much . 
  it 's no surprise that some people are taking his recent words as blackmail rather than friendly advice . 
  this is already how things work . 
  germany does n't have a majority by itself . 
  it convinces other countries to go along with its ideas and calls for a vote . 
  germany could easily be outvoted if the rest of europe united against their ideas . 
  the problem is the uk is currently very inactive on the eu stage and is led by a prime minister that is universally hated by every other european leader ( and the blame for this lies with cameron 's attitude and the general way he conducts himself ) . 
  france does n't have enough clout these days and is dwarfed by germany in terms of economic power . 
  this leaves only germany as the sole regional power that is able to bully/blackmail/convince / bribe other nations into going along with its plans . 
  it 's a comfy position for other nations , no effort required and at the end of the day the politicians of the smaller nations involved are guaranteed a nice job at the eu . 
  where else is a finnish politician going to go once they leave office ? 
  there 's no high-end private sector jobs in finland anymore . 
  same with the baltic states . 
  croatia 's opinion is n't going to convince anyone . 
  they do n't have the biggest trade surplus in the eu , they do n't have any soft power , they do n't have money to spend , they do n't have large multinational businesses building infrastructure in the poorer countries , they do n't have large influence in the eu 's appointment process which they can use to offer other politicians cushy do-nothing eu jobs after they leave office . 
  same with greece . 
  even the other piigs deserted greece because greece has no clout and germany does . 
  and the other piigs were predominantly ruled by right-wing governments who had no interest in helping a far-left government to re-negotiate . 
  if you 're not a powerful country nobody is going to listen . 
  v4 has the potential to work once poland becomes a regional power but that will be some decades off . 
  it worked with germany because the german people largely welcomed the american occupation . 
  they were relatively happy to be occupied by the americans rather than face the only alternative : soviet tyranny . 
  germans did n't start bombing american bases with rockets or planting ied 's on the roads . 
  the americans were there to defend the country from invasion , the german people were n't a significant security issue . 
  we left iraq because the iraqi people demanded we leave , america tried to stay longer but iraq 's government was unable to extend immunity to american troops due to public pressure in iraq . 
  afgahnistan 's people were growing tired of us too and it would have only lasted a few more years before their politicians forced us out anyway . 
  either we colonise the target country or just do n't bother . 
  there 's no point installing a `` democratic '' government that then has to ask you to leave because the people do n't actually want us there . 
  people in the middle east largely hate us because of decades of anti-west scapegoating and because of the actions we have taken in the region . 
  they do n't want us there . 
  lets not forget why islamic extremism is on the rise . 
  it 's partly because we invaded 2 countries , afghanistan and iraq . 
  iraq has already fallen apart , and afghanistan is going to fail within a few years . 
  ground invasions do n't work . 
  they are what caused this mess in the first place ... we 've gone from having 1 terror attack every decade to 1 every month after destabilizing the middle east . 
  what we need is serious diplomatic pressure on the remaining tinpot dictatorships like saudi and qatar and get them to exert some control over their nutcases , and preferably not exporting so many of them to the west . 
  we also need to sort out our own islamist underclasses and force them to integrate into society . 
  we need a peace plan in syria fast and we need to convince the iraqi government to sort their sectarian crap out . 
  india 's in the unfortunate position of being attacked by terrorists from a nuclear power , pakistan . 
  frankly india would be perfectly justified in invading pakistan and imposing regime change if it were able to , but realistically it ca n't because at one point some very stupid people allowed pakistan to obtain nuclear weapons . 
  now pakistan blackmails the world into propping up the regime with the implicit threat that if support ends , their loosely controlled terror groups will get their hands on nuclear weapons . 
  this is why nuclear proliferation matters . 
  imagine if saudi obtained nuclear weapons . . 
  it would be an absolute disaster in the fight against extremism . 
  tinpot regimes should answer to us and be controlled by us , not the other way around . 
  norway has had 1 terror attack in recent times . 
  how many has france had ... ? 
  and who has committed almost all of the attacks in france ? 
  1 incident every once in a while is unfortunate and unavoidable . 
  dozens of incidents suggests a serious , unsolved problem with political terrorism from certain factions . 
  the reality is france has over 10000 extremist nutcases on a list that they ca n't do anything about , because most of them are 2nd/3rd generation nutcases that were born in france . 
  the problem with having new elections is assad will win them ( again ) regardless of how much support he actually has . 
  we 'll then be back to square one because noone who fought against him will recognize his legitimacy . 
  it was after all his incompetence that caused the food and job shortages that led to the revolt in the first place . 
  after he shelled his own cities he 's not likely to be welcomed back by the rebel factions . 
  we need a lebanon-style power-sharing agreement and assad exiled to russia . 
  winner-takes-all democracy would completely fuck the country just as it did in libya and egypt . 
  assad is toxic and the alawites need a new face to try to reduce sectarian hatred from the other factions . 
  i hope russia has the sense to see that the country 's stability is far more important than the desire of a tinpot dictator to stay in charge of the country forever ... 
  the prosecution is politically motivated . 
  if these laws have existed on the books for many decades , why is it only just being enforced against facebook now ? 
  the law is clearly so far-reaching that everyone has probably broken it at some point . 
  selective enforcement of silly laws like this are always politically motivated . 
  this stems from the press , followed by merkel and co recently making some `` concerned '' comments about `` the rise of racism on facebook '' . 
  you 're deluded if you think that the press and politicians have no influence on the prosecutors . 
  in developed countries we 're just better at pretending that our shit does n't stink . 
  why are you spamming `` please read the article '' on every comment ? 
  the brics have n't been relevant since 2008 when foreign ( western ) investment dried up in those countries . 
  china is facing a massive crash , india has higher inflation than growth , brazil is failing to reach developed status due to political incompetence and russia is still completely dependant on oil/gas sales . 
  well the referendum has been pushed back due to the migrant crisis damaging the current perception of the eu here . 
  cameron was eager to get the referendum over with as early as possible to prevent damage to the markets but he also wants it held at a time where the vote outcome is guaranteed to be to stay . 
  it 'll be a long time yet until the referendum so you 'll have to learn to either ignore the coverage or enjoy it . 
  the funny thing is it 's the government ( who want to stay in the eu ) that 's to blame for that . 
  they could hold it in early 2016 if they wanted , but they wo n't because they might not get the outcome they want ... how democratic . 
  how would that be a good thing ( except for germany obviously ) ? 
  if russia is able to blackmail poland and ukraine by threatening to cut off the gas without any worry of germany being impacted then it weakens those 2 countries and strengthens russia and germany 's position . 
  germany no longer needs to care as much about eastern european affairs ( i.e. 
  germany would certainly not interfere in any issues between russia and ee that do n't directly effect them ) as nord stream 2 effectively frees germany from the shackles of `` solidarity '' with the eastern states . 
  russia is free to double down on pressure to its former satellite states , which means political concessions or higher priced contracts in the future . 
  ukraine itself is getting fucked over by the loss of transit fees . 
  it 's a near-bankrupt state that has to contend with a bunch of terrorists in the east of the country who will spend decades actively sabotaging the central government of ukraine . 
  who 's going to fill that hole ? 
  something tells me that the us will be left to pick up the tab for that . 
  balance of power must be maintained at all times . 
  allowing certain countries to ascend far above others is very bad for the continent in the long run . 
  russia ca n't be allowed to have too much leverage over eastern europe and germany ca n't be allowed to become the dominant power in europe either . 
  the pipeline is fundamentally bad for europe 's future , even if it suits germany and russia 's short term interests . 
   as a local citizen i know that people with serious health handicaps deserve better than cz/sk so syrians deserve the best healthcare money can buy for their ill children , but regular czechs and others do n't ? 
  the czech healthcare system clearly functions well enough to keep most of its own populace alive . 
  is it not good enough for refugees who previously lived in a refugee camp . . ? 
  this idea that refugees are entitled to the best quality of life that we can possibly give is utterly ridiculous . 
  what they are entitled to is a peaceful existence with the freedom to live in a safe country ( and not necessarily one of their choosing . . ) , and of course the right to work once they have refugee status . 
  if they want a nice house they should work for it like everyone else . 
  if they have sick children then they should use local hospitals like everyone else and make things work just like czech families with disabled children do . 
  eastern europe is not some god-forsaken place where everyone dies before reaching the age of 5 . 
  if a person can make it out of a warzone then i 'm sure they can survive in a developing country that likely has more wealth than their previous home country anyway ... 
  fear of communism ( or more to the point , fear that the working classes would revolt and kill the existing ruling class ) is partly what gave the western world the welfare states that we currently enjoy .
