  there would certainly be no border control in this region and we would see dozens more failed states collapsing , bringing more people to europe . 
  choose either a sustainable welfare state or a principled acceptance that every human in the world has rights . 
  you ca n't feasibly have both . 
  it 's not for us to enforce our own human rights rules over every country in the world , and we also ca n't grant human rights to citizens of every country in the world either . 
  we are n't that powerful , resources are limited and human rights are expensive . 
  seems reasonable . 
  once you join the euro you ca n't really leave without profound consequences . 
  it makes sense that such a permanent decision should not be made without directly consulting the people first . 
  if the euro is so great then convincing the general public of the truth will be no problem , right ? 
  people can use weasel words like `` but technically poland has already agreed to join the euro when they joined the eu '' , but nobody cares about technicalities . 
  it 's clear that many eu nations intend to postpone joining the euro indefinitely , i.e. 
  they have no intention of ever joining the single currency . 
  to pretend otherwise is just intellectually dishonest . 
  poland has every right to postpone joining forever just as other countries are doing . 
  the difference is if you oppose lgbt rights then really that it categorically homophobic , there 's no reason to oppose it other than `` it 's icky '' . 
  it 's not as if allowing gay people to marry is going to have any notable impact on the government budgets or on wider society . 
  it does n't create additional dependants and it causes no demographic changes , it does n't distort the economy or lower wages or create unemployment . 
  it 's a civil rights issue that nobody has any legitimate business in opposing . 
  comparing it to immigration is dishonest , it would be better to compare it to inter-racial marriage . 
  opposing endless immigration is in many peoples eyes a view based on realism . 
  welfare states ca n't sustain themselves if you suddenly invite a lot of net drains into the country . 
  there are issues with pressure on housing markets , job markets , health care , education , social cohesion issues , high rates of criminality from some migrant groups , suspicions of demographic warfare etc. 
  freedom of speech has nothing to do with being able to say what you like without any repercussions . 
  germany should process claims in the un refugee camps in turkey/lebanon etc. 
  when people are accepted , germany can fly them to their new country . 
  that way there 's no risk with people absconding inside germany while their claims are being processed/rejected . 
  there is simply no legitimate need for people to cross dozens of safe countries in order to apply for asylum in germany . 
  if germany wants refugees it should process claims at the camp like every other sensible country does . 
  those that want a safe , stable country are welcome to apply for asylum in hungary if germany refuses to follow a common sense approach . 
  you ca n't have your cake , eat it and demand seconds . 
  people should be grateful for what they 're given if they 're coming from a conflict zone . 
  housing people is not a 1-time cost . 
  no welfare state can function when too many people take and not enough people give . 
  there 's a reason why border control has become popular ever since the rise of nation states . 
  it 's a hell of a lot more efficient to spend money securing the border rather than just inviting everyone in and feeding & housing them all . 
  equally importantly , 80 % of syrians believe is is a western group ... 
  so 20 % of the refugees believe that is have the right idea , and most of the other 80 % hate is but believe that we are the ones who created it . . a complete recipe for disaster if the survey is correct . 
  you ca n't invite millions of people that think you 're the great satan and expect things to work out ok . 
  even 20 % of people being in favour of isis is far too high , many 2nd and 3rd generation migrants will be getting radicalised by those 20 % and the percentage will increase massively as time goes on . 
  the syrians are well-read and educated people but being educated does n't mean that they 're just going to slot into our society if they have fundamental misgivings about our culture and rule of law . 
  germany is probably the only country that can handle this without things going wrong . 
  they are n't seen as pro-us and their politicians are very good at grandstanding about how anti-american they are , and they have enough space to spread the 20 % extremists evenly across the country so that they do n't have any/much influence . 
  everyone else should sit out of this . 
  if anyone has an issue with the poll then i would welcome them to provide a more reliable poll that better reflects the situation . . orb is a legitimate polling firm , even if they have been criticized for exaggerating before . 
  because they allowed her to mix with ( muslim ) men twice her age . . ? 
  say what you want about right-wingers but they take parental discipline pretty seriously . 
  the problem with this case was likely that the girl was allowed to hang out with these characters for too long , and by the time her mother put her foot down and tried to instil some discipline it was far too late , the older men had far more influence/power over the girl than her own mother at that point . 
  here 's a question for you : how many female muslim teenagers do you see hanging out with 30 year old neo-nazi skinheads ? 
  none , because muslim parents are more conservative and simply do n't allow their children to mix with people like that . 
  then sue them . 
  advice does n't come into it , resources does ... where do you propose a poor ee country get the resources to defend one of the eu 's most busy borders ? 
  the eu sure as hell wo n't give more than a token amount , instead it prefers to spunk its membership fees on farmers subsidies ... 
  he 's probably referring to the academic left 's recent obsession with going on witch hunts over off-hand comments/jokes made by socially awkward scientists and declaring it to be a sign of institutional sexism . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_hunt for an example . 
  meanwhile we turn a blind eye to real patriarchal societies . 
  it 's good to see there are some real feminists still around to tackle important issues , as opposed to the new academic feminists who prefer to whine on social media about a so-called sexist joke . 
  you do realise you are essentially having an argument over who can better predict the future , right ? 
  extrapolating from graphs and reading editorials does not make you mystic meg ... 
  the kurdish-turkey conflict in a nutshell . 
  both sides retaliating because the other side did something first . 
  you do realise that such a conflict can never end , right ? 
  if both sides continue to retaliate for supposed actions of the other side then it 'll just carry on forever . . 
  both sides need to leave their idiotic conflicts at the border . 
  when people cross into europe they should forget about tribal wars and other pissing contests . 
  those that want to continue killing each other should stay in the conflict zones where this type of behaviour belongs . 
  an eu military would be about as effective as saddam 's iraqi military was ( i.e. 
  not effective in the slightest when things actually hit the fan ) . 
  on paper it would appear to be one of the strongest militaries in the world , in reality people join the military to defend their country , and by extension their friends/family . 
  pan-european nationalism does n't exist , nobody is going to fight for a non-existent cause . 
  it 's as fake an idea as pan-arab nationalism . 
  why would a french soldier want to get involved in a conflict between say poland and belarus ? 
  why would an estonian soldier want to fight in mali on counter-terrorism operations on behalf of french national interests ? 
  add in eu bureaucracy , dozens of pointless/overbearing treaties , national governments wading into the debates , and the inability for the member states to agree on anything and it would be the least effective military in the entire world . 
  if france and the uk ran it as a de-facto dictatorship ( as they dominate the military scene in the eu ) and it was only part of each nations military forces then it could work . 
  the trouble with that is it would mean the uk and france would be sending european soldiers wherever they like and the military would serve their national interests , nobody else 's . 
  kosovo 's declaration of independence was ruled as legal by the international court , so i fail to see why you refer to a very outdated un resolution ... 
  your interpretation of a particular resolution is not more valid than the interpretation of the international court of justice . 
  kosovo might be a failed state but it 's still de-facto an independent state , even if it 's unrecognised by parts of the world . 
  well they wo n't , because greece is de-facto bankrupt and will need more loans in order to repay its existing loans ... 
  it 's a debt zombie . 
  but it is true that the bailout is a tiny gift compared to how much germany has profited from cannibalizing the periphery states over the years . 
  good luck with that . 
  the western/central european companies that indirectly and directly benefit from the structural funds spending on the developing nations in eastern europe would probably have something to say about your idea ... 
  structural funds are not free handouts to the east , they generate wealth for everyone in the union in the long term , it 's an investment . 
  you ca n't just withdraw that funding without businesses raising concerns about the impact it will have on their revenue . 
  then there 's the political impact it would have on eastern europe . 
  these people lived under a dictatorial union once before , they sure as hell do n't want to go back to those days . 
  no really , try withdrawing the structural funds . 
  the eu in its current state needs to disintegrate sooner rather than later so that something better can be built in its place . 
  let 's not draw this out any longer than needed . 
  austria is just a client state of germany 's , in foreign policy ( as well as many other areas of policy-making ) it always takes the lead from germany . 
  germany is the one leading the calls for refugee quota 's , therefore they get the blame for this car crash of an idea . 
  the reality is dublin iii was suspended because it was completely impossible to deport migrants from germany/austria/sweden back to hungary , courts in those countries had ruled that deporting the migrants back to hungary violated their rights . 
  it was not really a political decision to suspend dublin , it was already de-facto suspended because of court rulings . 
  what germany did after that was what caused further problems . 
  inviting everyone in only encourages more migrants to cross hungary , further stretching their resources . 
  nothing germany has done so far has helped the outer states in any way . 
  their actions have only made the issue worse . 
  what 's needed is real eu funding for border security for the outer states like hungary , and countries like germany need to start taking in refugees from the camps in turkey ( i.e. 
  let them apply in turkey and if accepted fly them straight to their destination country ) which will discourage refugees from making the trip across europe .
