  but international law obliges a country to let its own citizens in ... afghanistan is no exception . 
  just because someone has lost their papers is no excuse . 
  this is n't extradition , it 's repatriation . 
  the afghan migrants never had any legal permission to be in germany in the first place . 
  why are we so eager to be bound by ridiculous international laws , yet when other countries do n't follow them we just shrug our shoulders ? 
  either you believe everyone should follow international law or you do n't . 
  afghanistan is a state entirely dependant on foreign aid . 
  their entire government was set up and created by us . 
  we likely know intimate details about every one of their ministers , seeing as we are the ones that installed the new ruling class in afghanistan . 
  many of their ruling class are drug-lords likely with foreign bank accounts in the uk , switzerland , etc. 
  stop all foreign aid , freeze their foreign bank accounts and revoke all visa 's issued to wealthy afghans by eu member states . 
  every other country in the world has no problem extorting and blackmailing others , i do n't see why europe should condemn itself to idealist stagnation when we 're currently getting screwed from all sides by countries that are far weaker than us . 
  this is all just thinly veiled protectionism . 
  the eu does n't like that us companies dominates the internet so heavily and wants to bring the big american giants down a notch or two . 
  which to be fair is reasonable , as that is the point of the eu as a trade bloc in the first place . 
  the problem is the bureaucratic central-planning approach is n't going to lead to any significant innovation in europe , it is n't going to allow new european giants to rise and start competing with google or amazon . 
  silicon valley works because the americans have a much more hands-off approach towards insolvency , regulation , new unregulated industries , etc. 
  europe can not re-create that unless it partially copies what the americans are doing . 
  doubling down on central planning in this particular industry is just going to put us in a worse position in the global marketplace . 
  bosnians are a different story though . 
  they do n't have a reputation for absconding as soon as they enter the country , they understand the concept of rule of law a lot better , and it also helped that bosnia 's government was actually willing to take people back . 
  bosnia had to co-operate with germany because otherwise germany would have refused to fund the re-construction projects there . 
  unless we install a strong pro-west puppet government in syria there is zero chance of any new government there taking millions of people back in 10 years . 
  a new syrian government could just rebuild off russian and gulf-state funding rather than require our help . 
  that gives us zero leverage . 
  i also suspect that the syrian refugee demographic is much more young-male dominated ( as most current refugees are fleeing conscription ) rather than families . 
  again , why would a syrian government want to take in millions of young frustrated men that dodged the draft ? 
  the balkan conflicts were much easier so solve than the conflicts in syria , afghanistan , iraq etc. 
  syria in particular , we have no idea when it will become stable , we lack the ability to intervene in the conflict in any significant way , and realistically germany is enjoying its biggest economic boom in history currently . 
  syria will be economically deprived for a long time . 
  i wonder if those bosnians would have left germany so readily if germany was n't at the time considered to be the `` sick man of europe '' ? 
  likely not ... germany is the place to be right now if you want to work . 
  they 're appointed , not elected . 
  nobody would say that the us supreme court judges are democratically elected because they are n't . 
  being appointed by a politician does not make you democratically elected . 
  to be elected you have to actually be elected . . 
  there was never any election where people voted for the commissioners . 
  it 's different with the pm and parliamentary politics . 
  people vote for a party knowing who will be the pm , in fact many swing voters will vote for the leader they like more . 
  the cabinet is appointed by the pm , although the legitimacy of this cabinet is usually improved by the fact that they are made up of democratically elected mp 's and the pm always holds the ultimate power over these ministers . 
  if we had national parliaments with cabinets regularly filled with large numbers of non-elected ministers or we constantly had new pm 's being parachuted in mid-term we would see the same criticisms that the system is not democratic . 
  and these criticisms would be right . 
  if people want to defend the system of appointing commissioners rather than electing them then fine , but at least be honest that it is categorically not democratic , it 's more similar to appointing judges or other senior civil servants . 
  there 's not necessarily anything wrong with a branch of government that is n't elected , but people need to be honest about it . 
  local authorities do n't have the money to house migrants . 
  they do n't even have the money to help their own residents . 
  there is already a massive shortage of council housing ... any funding must come from central government . 
  central government might as well make the decisions on numbers too seeing as they 're paying for it . 
  local politics is too corrupt to allow them to decide on this matter . 
  look at cities dominated by ethnic minorities , their crooked leaders would happily invite more migrants to the city in order to increase their voting base . 
  it would worsen the ghetto situation because we would get tinpot council leaders inviting thousands of people with the same ethnicity to themselves without any actual money to house these people . . 
  meanwhile white-dominated rural areas would just decide to invite 0 migrants . 
  in effect it would result in the migrants being more and more concentrated in certain urban areas . 
  that is exactly what we do n't want . 
  central government should be forcibly spreading new arrivals across the country to prevent ghetto-isation . 
  if people move outside their assigned area they should at least be denied any state benefit . 
  i think it 's time that we look out for our own interests rather than tripping over ourselves to be a greater `` humanitarian superpower '' than our neighbours . 
  look at where it got sweden . 
  it 's politically toxic to advocate for higher migration in the current climate . 
  the eu should look out for itself , not fuck over its weakest member for political points . 
  what the eu is doing is cannabalism , eating the weakest member of the tribe for food when they could be hunting other prey . 
  at some point the eu will run out of member states to fuck over and then what will it do ? 
  the eu should force a country outside the eu to be its bitch and take in the migrants , that way it strengthens the eu as a union and emphasises that the eu is a political force in its own right , not a playground made up for squabbling children . 
  there are many failed-states-in-waiting in north africa that could easily be convinced to help us . 
  greece should be kept in the fold because despite its shortcomings we 're better off having them as part of the union rather than falling into other spheres of influence . 
  everyone . 
  most insular communities tend to police themselves to prevent the authorities from sticking their noses in . 
  it 's self-preservation , better to deal with criminal elements within your own community yourself rather than doing nothing , as it inevitably invites greater government scrutiny and a more negative perception of your ethnic group . 
  why are so-called refugees being allowed to sexually assault and stab local women without the other refugees stepping in and forcibly stopping these criminals ? 
  in chinese-dominated areas do you ever hear about a chinese person throwing his weight around and assaulting local white women ? 
  no , because if someone did that they would quickly be `` dealt with '' by the local chinese community themselves . 
  no police , no human rights , the disruptive criminal would be dealt with in decisive way by his own community . 
  that 's self-preservation , deal with your own problems to protect yourselves . 
  if certain ethnic groups want to be utterly un-cooperative with the police then they should at least enforce some level of order in their own community so that we do n't see massive spikes in crime from local `` youths '' . 
  it 's not asking much . 
  the issue we have is that the recent arab/afghan migrants seem to have no interest in enforcing any kind of order amongst themselves . 
  every community has bad-eggs , but most communities actually deal with these bad-eggs because they know that it is n't sustainable to just allow idiots to run around stabbing and raping the locals without massive backlash . 
  that is n't an issue with the un though , it 's an issue with your outdated post-war constitution . 
  interpretations of international laws can be wide-ranging ( as there is no real international enforcement of these laws ) , it 's all about how you read and interpret the text . 
  very few countries believe that the un refugee convention mandates taking in limitless numbers of migrants . 
  the echr is again not a problem , i do n't see russia ( another signatory to the same convention ) inviting endless numbers of migrants or refusing to deport migrants back to afghanistan . 
  you 're not an american puppet state anymore , you can re-write the constitution to fit the 21st century . 
  international laws can easily be interpreted to be guidelines rather than laws , just look at the east asian countries and how many refugees they take in . 
  but keeping the ethnicity of suspects secret is exactly what empowers the far right in the first place ... 
  they get to use the argument that they are being silenced and information is being hidden from the people . 
  distrust of the authorities and mainstream parties grows which causes people to flock to extremism , anti-establishment parties . 
  if the far-right become correct in their doom-saying predictions they will gain more followers . 
  it 's that simple . 
  the way to prevent this is to be open and honest about the state of immigration and who is committing crime . 
  if you want to catch criminals , why the hell would you neglect to describe their ethnicity ? 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  russia could easily appoint a new puppet with less `` history '' of murdering protesters and shelling his own cities ... nearly everyone else at the top of the assad regime could probably remain the same so it should n't effect day-to-day governance ( or lack thereof ) too much . 
  that puppet can then represent the alawites and their russian/iranian paymasters in any negotiations . 
  do you think the rebels are more likely to negotiate with a mass-murdering tyrant who authorised the shelling of his own cities to crush a revolt , or a relatively unknown senior alawite official that ca n't be directly linked to previous war-crimes committed by the assad government ? 
  the answer is clearly the second one . 
  you can complain all you like about x , y and z not wanting to negotiate but the reality is everyone knows that a peace agreement is the only way to end the syrian war . 
  of course is wo n't negotiate but they can easily be crushed , we just need an actual government that is ready to take over is-controlled areas rather than allowing it to descend into chaos . 
  and no , assad ca n't take over these sunni-majority areas ... 
  the people would never accept it . 
  no side is ever going to re-gain complete control of the country .
