  prioritizing more migrants over existing residents will create social unrest and lead to the anti-immigrant right wing becoming more popular . 
  that is n't true though . 
  if refugees were economic assets then every single country in europe would be rushing to invite them in . 
  a lot of recent refugees have very high unemployment rates in countries like the netherlands . 
  there 's no reason to believe that things would be any different with the current wave . 
  the reality is refugees are net drains unless you select them very carefully like the us does . 
  a refugee that does n't even speak your language is going to drain a lot more resources than a dutch adult . 
  and these refugees will have more children than the average dutchman . 
  that 's more children your education system has to process , and many of these children will be massively behind due to lack of schooling . 
  these children will cost more than dutch children to bring up to speed , especially as they will need to be taught the new language . 
  the eu ca n't even stop russia taking ukraine , what hope would it have against the uk which already holds gibraltar ? 
  people are losing trust in the eu as an institution because this crisis has been so protracted and unsolved . 
  why stay in a union that is unable to tackle internal issues ? 
  it does n't help that germany is trying to bully other member states into supporting its unworkable re-distribution idea . 
  most people in europe do n't want tens of thousands more migrants/refugees . 
  you ca n't just reduce this down to `` voters are dumb lol '' , that 's immensely arrogant . 
  more people are beginning to see the eu as undemocratic because of people like you . 
  you view public opinion as an obstacle to be worked around . 
  you feel it 's acceptable to blackmail other countries into doing what you want . 
  you complain when people elect governments that go against germany 's established schools of thought on the eurozone or migration . 
  the eu is n't a damned empire and we do n't need to feel grateful to you for being `` allowed '' to stay in . 
  just because people in other countries have different opinions to you does n't mean that they 're dumber or that their views are less valid . 
  and you categorically do not have the right to dictate to other nations . 
  russians are n't interested in english-language news . 
  in order to influence them we need russian-language news and the bbc is in a good position to provide that . 
  what a dysfunctional system . 
  the police should not be acting as the banks/landlords private army , why are they even involved in evictions ? 
  i find it hard to believe that this happens in many other developed countries . 
  a relic of fascism i suppose ? 
  the police are there to prevent crime , not to forcibly remove people for not paying their mortgage/rent . . 
  i 'm guessing nobody in spain trusts the police at all , given that they carry out tasks such as this . 
  this does n't even scratch the surface of how ridiculous the spanish property market is and how massively out of date their regulations are on re-possessions and mortgage debt . 
  i do hope the eurogroup keep an eye on spain in the future because if things are left to their own devices again the next collapse will be 100x worse . 
  the idea that war can never happen again in europe is incredibly idealistic . 
  just because we live in peaceful times in most of europe right now does n't mean that things will stay the same forever . 
  like it or not , encouraging minority groups to declare unilateral independence in other eu member states would cause a lot of civil unrest and it would only be a matter of time before one of the internal conflicts become violent . 
  there are clear recent examples of separatism becoming violent or of newly independent states becoming failures , encouraging separatism is simply not something that the eu is interested in doing right now . 
  hell , look at the recent issues with serbia and kosovo . 
  we created a failed state with no un seat , whose main export is illegal economic migrants ... we need to learn from that so that we do n't repeat the same mistake again . 
  germany wants eastern europe to spend money taking on refugees that do n't want to be there and spend more money on internal border security to keep them inside the country . 
  meanwhile eastern europe wants germany to not get too close to russia because it undermines the current sanctions ( the sanctions which are intended to make russia withdraw from ukraine and/or reduce their ability to expand further ) . 
  stepping back from trading with russia and building massive new pipelines would cost germany and german businesses money . 
  exactly the same situation . 
  the migrant crisis is just as political as the ukrainian crisis . 
  the reality is nobody is interested in spunking money up the wall to help other countries out . 
  but it 's less understandable for germany to be acting so selfish when it has vast amounts of wealth and other countries do n't . 
  the issue is germany uses its significant clout on the european stage to lecture other countries on not showing `` solidarity '' and for `` not taking their fair share '' , consequently media spin has now convinced the general public that germany is some self-appointed moral paragon of europe and that we should be essentially following their orders . 
  germany takes the moral high ground in public and sells anyone and everyone down the river in private . 
  that kind of attitude epitomizes everything that europeans ( including a lot of germans ) dislike about the us . 
  germany needs to at least be honest that it 's a self-interested nation that cares nothing for wider issues , maybe then we can deal with each other in good faith . 
  germany is doing what 's best for germany , not what 's best for europe . 
  it cares nothing for what happens to eastern europe . 
  that 's the country that de-facto runs the eu and the eurozone . 
  does nobody else see problems arising from this ? 
  at least the us has a global outlook . . 
  yes , because without the us the middle east would be peaceful and the various tinpot dictators there would rule forever ... you do know that no dictator can rule forever right ? 
  it always collapses in the end . 
  the us only tries to influence things in its favour , it does n't control tinpot countries like syria . 
  these things always collapse , it 's a matter of when , not if . 
  if we 're going to circlejerk about wars , should n't we also circlejerk about how russia has been backing assad this whole time which has drawn out the conflict immensely ? 
  it 's obvious that assad has no authority over the country anymore and has no hope of regaining control of the country . 
  if russia cut him loose it would be easier for the various factions to agree a power-sharing deal . 
  both of those countries were only able to take in such vast numbers of immigrants by expanding their own borders and displacing the native population that used to live there ... see america 's oppression/genocide of the natives , the expansion south into mexico and israel 's entire recent history . 
  so how do you think this would work in europe ? 
  considering that we are the native population and there are no weaker countries to invade anymore ... 
  the reality is europe is not a new land , it has no room for vast numbers of migrants . 
  europe can take in enough migrants to ensure small population growth but any more than that is just a recipe for disaster . 
  where do you get this idea that the poorer european countries have functional welfare states and job markets healthy enough to absorb these new workers ? 
  you 're being incredibly germo-centric ... 
  the reality is being a legal refugee in poland is n't worth a flying shit . 
  better to illegally work in germany and earn more money . 
  the moment you start giving asylum to thousands of illegal migrants the numbers will increase exponentially . 
  see what happened when germany made a statement to the press essentially inviting syrians into the country . 
  we saw a massive surge of new migrants coming into europe , not just from syria but from other countries as well . 
  if europe accepts responsibility for housing these people then pretty soon the quota 's wo n't be 0.2 % , it 'll be 5 % . 
  anyone who hands over their immigration policy decision-making over to the eu deserves everything they get frankly , it would be borderline criminal negligence for any government to agree to it . 
  there is nothing so permanent as a temporary hand-over of power to a stronger organisation . 
  the moment estonia agrees to follow a legally binding quota it no longer has any control over its immigration policy ever again . 
  i ca n't possibly understand why western europeans on this subreddit have gained a reputation for being smug , arrogant bastards ... 
  teach the primitive easterners more about how to be a civilized , refined western european . 
  structural funds do n't even come close to providing enough money to create a functional welfare state . 
  structural funds are spent on infrastructure because it makes it worthwhile for the wealthier countries to `` give '' money to the new members , it 's an investment that generates more wealth for the wealthy member states and its businesses . 
  no german is going to spunk away its entire surplus in helping 1 eastern european country fund a welfare state for 1 year . . 
  but if one group is disproportionately committing a lot of sex crimes then it does matter . 
  in the uk for example pakistani 's commit far more sex crimes `` per capita '' than most other ethnic groups . 
  this is n't stuff that can be explained by socio-economic status unlike most crime stats , it suggests a cultural problem that needs to be directly addressed without fear of causing offence . 
  the only way to prevent rapes is to change how people view women . 
  changing patriarchal cultures is surely a big part of that solution . 
  if you do n't address the cultural issues then you do n't solve the problem , simple as that . 
  long wall of text article which talks about the issues within the pakistani community in the uk : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/asian-grooming-why-we-need-to-talk-about-sex-7734712.html germany obviously does n't have such a large number so it 's not likely to have much of an issue with pakistani sex crimes , but still . 
  there 's a reason why people pick out race when it comes to sex crimes , because there are some ethnic groups that are unacceptably disproportionately represented . 
  if germany pursues an open doors border policy it may also find these same problems occur . 
  but it does , because germany has agreed to stop enforcing the dublin regulation ... a rule that is unenforced is no longer followed . 
  if you want people to follow rules you need to actually enforce them . 
  the reality is a bankrupt state is incapable of defending the borders of the entire eu . 
  and germany is n't helping by encouraging migrants to make the journey . 
  you are adding to greece 's burden , so what 's wrong with them adding to yours ? 
  greece did n't invite them . 
  assad will never control syria again . 
  he shelled his own cities in response to protests , you ca n't just go back from that and take control again ...
