  you ca n't blame us for realising that angling for tough sanctions is a waste of time , nobody else wants to bother so why should we ? 
  syria 's lost , we collectively had our chance to influence things a few years ago and instead we spent years wasting our time figuring out how best to flood europe with the current syrian population rather than actually making improvements happen in syria itself . . again , another lost cause and everyone else in europe acknowledges that things are going nowhere in syria , we 're just catching up with the view of everyone else in europe . 
  but it is n't ireland 's choice to make , because the law forbids them from giving excessive state aid to companies . 
  the law that they have agreed to follow by being in the eu ... 
  i understand that the elites that run our countries would never have signed the state aid legislation had they known what it would be used for , but still . 
  ireland is bound by the law . 
  morally speaking they have no leg to stand on either . 
  i do n't see how anyone can justify what amounts to theft from the rest of europe just because some dodgy politicians had a nice lunch with some company executives at starbucks . 
  in an age where inequality increases more and more , how can you justify such massive thefts from the working taxpayer ? 
  the nigerians we have are relatively successful . 
  they 've integrated very well . 
  they do n't bring as much religious or nationalist baggage as the turks do so that probably helps . 
  although most of our current turks are ok , if we start importing turks now they 'd probably end up being nationalist nutcases . 
  see the situation in germany for an example of what we really do n't want , 2nd/3rd generation turks worshipping erdogan and pledging loyalty to turkey rather than their actual country of residence . 
  turk vs kurd warfare in our own cities is another thing that we do n't want either ... 
  i can find studies that claim the sky is green too , does n't make it true . 
  it 's pretty obvious to everyone in the working and lower-middle classes that immigration has made wages stagnant in the last 15 years . 
  it 's simple supply and demand . 
  while immigration does create economic growth and jobs across all sectors of the economy , most migrants take unskilled and semi-skilled work which depresses wages in those sectors . 
  of course , it has n't effected those in the upper echelons of society ( and if anything their wages have increased because there are n't many romanian solicitors or investment bankers ) so not everyone 's felt the impact . 
  you overestimate the competence of the uk 's home office . 
  there 's also the issue of space , i doubt dover has space to hold a massive shanty town . 
  the reason we have france do the heavy lifting in calais is because our government is utterly useless when it comes to immigration control . 
  our government will end up outsourcing the security of the camp to some lazy private contractors and consequently migrants will sneak through in droves , even more than they already do . 
  it 's unfortunate that we 've put ourselves in such a weak position on this matter , hopefully our useless politicians can put their few braincells together and come up with a workable solution in preparation for after you elect some corrupt , right-wing nutcase next election . . 
  term limits exist so that a country can pat itself on the back about everyone being given a fair chance at being in power , not having dodgy political dynasties , no corruption , not having leaders that overstay their welcome , etc. 
  term limits are done to placate the masses who complained about being ruled over by a bunch of corrupt self-serving morons . 
  unfortunately the reality is term limits achieve nothing of any use and it has n't actually changed things , it does nothing to prevent actual tyranny . 
  in the us all it 's done is reduce the level of choice and put the same political families in power time after time . 
  france is on the cusp of bringing sarkozy back into power , a man who proved himself so corrupt and untrustworthy last time he was president that he should be in prison right now . 
  russia famously has term limits to convince people that it 's a modern democracy when in reality these term limits are just worked around by the people in charge . 
  admittedly amending the french term limit to 1 before now would save you from the terrible fate of having sarkozy in charge again but to extend the terms to 7 years would just defeat the whole point . . 
  term limits are the politicians lazy solution in response to complaints about the legitimacy of the political system . 
  they 're not designed to actually improve things . 
  solutions that offer real accountability are always deliberately left off the table because it endangers the politicians jobs . 
  but it is extreme . 
  just as telling americans to get rid of their 2nd amendment is extreme , even though it 's objectively a ridiculous and outdated part of their constitution it is part of their culture and is n't going to go away . 
  you ca n't just appeal to logic and rip an idea like that up . 
  ideas and principles matter to people , not everything is explainable with charts and graphs . 
  inside the eu there 's still a great deal many people who favour protectionism and regulation and they would sooner die than surrender to the american view on trade . 
  of course the current policy has harmed the eu 's position in the tech sector , but for example the french farmers are n't going to want to have their entire industry shaken up by more competitive gm crops just so that a few city-boys in berlin can create the next big search engine . 
  a lot of people really like the preventative ( over ) regulation and you ca n't just pretend that it 's not a deeply divisive issue . 
  frankly if i were a eurocrat i 'd be hoping that the trade deal falls apart completely because at this point the a growing portion of the general public are tired of being sold down the river in the name of gdp growth and ttip is becoming toxic . 
  what self respecting politician would want to be attached to such a toxic deal . 
  `` idiots '' is a nice way to describe a sizeable portion of european people who have not benefited one bit from globalisation and are understandably sceptical that more neo-liberal free trade will somehow improve their circumstances rather than worsen the unemployment and decline in deprived areas . 
  but who cares about those `` idiots '' , as long as the wealthy and upper-middle classes benefit from the trade deal then it should obviously go ahead , right ? 
  fuck the electorate and fuck the workers at the bottom of society , they do n't matter . 
  seems like hungary has a streamlined and unforgiving process . 
  good , that 's the only way to make things sustainable . 
  if someone ca n't make a convincing case within 24 hours that they are unsafe in turkey/serbia/greece then why should hungary bother wasting 6 months `` processing '' their application ? 
  hungary is only doing what most countries in the world do , it 's only a few countries in western europe that have decided to get all soft and start taking months to process asylum tens of thousands of applications . 
  i doubt japan or china would spend longer than a day considering an asylum request either . 
  if you want to do business in the eu you have to follow state aid rules . 
  simple as that . 
  if a business does n't like following the law or is too lazy to read new legislation , it is free to fuck off at any time . 
  it 's not complicated . 
  if a business trades in california it is still subject to us federal laws too . 
  it ca n't just ignore them because `` our lawyers only had time to read californian laws , sorry , we could n't be bothered to read about the federal laws as well '' . 
  the onus is on the company to ensure that it does n't go over the state aid limit . 
  company breaks law for years , company gets punished . 
  i do n't see any problem here at all . 
  anyone who thinks these preferential tax deals are n't state aid are just utterly deluded . 
  it 's been clear from the start that the tax deals the big companies have are state aid plain and simple . 
  you ca n't pretend to be shocked now that the commissions ' caught up to it . . 
  bosnia 's census spent years in limbo before it was `` published '' . 
  why would you trust anything on it relating to unemployment or the economy , it 's already years out of date as well . 
  bosnia wants to join the eu and the easiest way to con the eu is to cook up some official stats that make the country look better than it actually is . 
  unemployment rate never includes students who are n't searching for work either ... 
  literally no measure of unemployment includes students . 
  it would help if you linked your source , otherwise it 's impossible for us to make a proper judgement of its reliability . 
  you 're right . 
  instead they 're used to exterminate shiites in neighbouring yemen , as well as any doctors unfortunate enough to be working in the hospitals there . 
  saudi has no legitimate need for military hardware . 
  it never fights proper wars by itself because its people are utterly useless at doing any kind of work . 
  in the event of any real threat they just run with their tails between their legs and call the us military in to save their hide , just as they did when saddam came knocking . 
  like most tinpot countries in the middle east its military is purpose-built to crush dissent and kill religious minorities . 
  they purchase western tanks for crushing internal dissent and the planes are for killing minorities in other neighbouring countries . 
  in the event of actual defensive warfare they would rely either on the us or dodgy mercenary militias to protect themselves . 
  why do people still give this guy the time of day , he sold out to the russians some time ago and has n't leaked anything worthwhile in years . 
  ever since his team fucked up the bank of america leaks due to his right-hand man being corrupt , they 've been nearly completely useless . 
  frankly american interference is the only reason why we have n't been killing each other for the last 70 years so it 'll be amusing to watch far-left `` pacifists '' get outraged over the evil america 's interference in our otherwise naturally peaceful domestic politics while simultaneously reading rt and praising putin . 
  greece is n't a cheap country ( mostly due to the wonderful currency union they joined which keeps prices and wages sticky despite their large recession ) . 
  the whole point of outsourcing your immigration problem is that you outsource it to a much cheaper and poorer country so that it costs less to house each migrant . 
  no elite government tosser in the other member states is going to bankroll such an expensive system and there is no/little political will to give greece any financial help anyway . 
  for greece to benefit financially it would need a lot of money which would probably probably wipe out germany 's budget surplus . 
  not going to happen . 
  and if they 're housed in greece it makes it easy for them to sneak into other eu countries in the future . 
  migrants should be housed far away from the intended destination to prevent the possibility of absconding . 
  something tells me that taking a boat to mainland greece is not going to be terribly difficult for an economic migrant . 
  there 's also the issue that the eu should be a union that pisses out from its tent rather than pissing on itself . 
  why would you go to great lengths to dump a problem on one of your fellow members , it goes against the whole point of having a union in the first place . 
  we have been playing the mainlanders against each other for centuries , there 's nothing pathetic about it . 
  it 's historically what 's kept us relatively safe compared to most of the continent . 
  what else is a small island nation to do in such an increasingly chaotic world ? 
  better to be cynically trying to gain leverage wherever possible to strengthen our position rather than going the greek route of just laying down and willingly getting fucked by the rest of europe . 
  it 'll be a bit rich if anyone lectures the uk on this decision . 
  a few years ago we were one of the only countries pushing for tougher sanctions against russia ( such as blocking them from swift ) while everyone else in europe took a more measured position . 
  now we 're suddenly traitors to europe for just treating russia like every other european country does ? 
  we 've just realised that it 's utterly pointless taking such a harsh position against russia when it 's clear that nobody else is interested . 
  we 're a spare part when it comes to the ukranian crisis , germany can continue to play the good-cop role and poland & co can continue playing the bad-cop .
