  chinese state-owned companies can dump their products for decades without going bankrupt . 
  we ca n't just wait it out . . 
  it would mean that we end up decades behind in the solar industry . 
  the whole point of the eu is that as a trade bloc we protect our own domestic industry from over-subsidised crap produced elsewhere in the world . 
  if china wants the restrictions lifted it can give us something that we want in return , or start reducing its subsidies . 
  as it is right now , china is doing what 's best for china by subsidising their solar industry and trying to maximize their global market share . 
  why should n't the eu do what 's best for the eu by protecting its domestic industry ? 
  your idea that housing developers will favour good quality solar panels over mass-produced crap is incredibly misguided . 
  have you seen what kind of houses get built these days ? 
  the cost is minimized as much as possible in every single way ... of course some posh office blocks in central london will use the best quality panels , but everyone else that lives in reality will end up with the cheapest product on the shelf . 
  when has leaving the me to its own devices ever worked though ? 
  especially after every faction has been armed to the teeth by various regional and global powers . . 
  the syrian civil war has been going on for years and it 's pretty clear that there will not be peace until russia and the us force a compromise between the factions in syria . 
  military air intervention against non-rational actors such as is is a necessary part of any peace deal . 
  the reality is the me is a region where people can barely elect a government without fucking it all up . 
  the idea that this crisis will sort itself out is lunacy . 
  assad is a power-hungry nutcase who answers to noone except russia . 
  and most of the rebels are equally as power-hungry and are n't going to accept peace until they 're forced to by their backers . 
  all the radicals that saudi has been exporting in the last few decades would return home to fight in the war . 
  al qaeda , is , and `` moderate '' groups would all have a presence . 
  hezbollah and co would also show up and it would turn into a full blown war between numerous terror groups . 
  the country has a very young population so that 's a lot of people who are able to fight . 
  oil revenue would ensure that every group is well armed and the natural resource wealth would inevitably cause greater conflict . 
  most saudi 's have enough money to try to flee to europe illegally . 
  the other gulf states would not take in millions of refugees and conditions in other arab countries would be far too poor for the spoilt saudi citizens . 
  we 'd end up with millions of entitled kids that are used to living in mansions and having sex-slaves . 
  it would make the syrian crisis look tiny . 
  it 's an open and shut case . 
  every other car manufacturer in the union is following these regulations ( without their cars blowing up too ... ) , one of germany 's pet manufacturing companies is n't . 
  germany 's government has gone far beyond its remit by essentially exempting a specific company from eu laws . 
  it 's blatant protectionism from germany and it goes against everything that the eu was initially designed to be . 
  regional elections always have a lower turnout ... and therefore every party gets less votes in the regionals than it does in the presidentials . 
  not sure what you 're trying to tell us here . 
  but in libya the rebels formed a transitional council too , it was stable for a couple of years only . 
  the problem is when actual elections are done it always ends with some people being in power and others not being in power . 
  those who do n't get into power tend to revolt against the new government and cause a new civil war . 
  you do n't fight for years in a brutal civil war only to then roll over when your faction gets no power in the new political system , you fight to win and gain power . 
  look at what the islamists did when they lost the libyan elections . 
  democracy is n't what syria needs . 
  what would happen is the sunni majority would elect some al qaeda-lite party and the minority groups in the country would be persecuted . 
  they would then very quickly revolt against the new government , causing a new war . 
  the same thing happened in iraq too but the roles reversed . 
  power sharing is needed and the factions involved must be strong-armed into this by the us , russia , and the other powers . 
  we need to face reality , some countries are not ready for democracy . 
  every country needs a functioning , stable government and it is n't necessarily going to be democratic . 
  and that 's why they block you . 
  nobody wants to see a friend acting like a political blowhard , regardless of what their views are ... 
  but the point is they do n't divorce , because the woman is told by the sharia `` judge '' to shut up and stop complaining about silly , unimportant things like domestic violence or fgm being carried out on her daughters . 
  very few muslim women would be brave enough to continue to pursue a divorce through the state itself if a powerful , influential `` sharia '' judge has ordered her to stay with her husband . 
  it would mean being completely shut out from her existing community , the loss of all friends , her family disowning her , and possible violent reprisals . 
  this is what parallel legal systems look like . 
  they 're nice and fluffy until you see what actually happens when people try to opt out and go through the proper legal channels . 
  they get killed or their lives ruined by the thugs that uphold the parallel system . 
  doubling production in that time is pretty poor though , especially given the state of russia in 1913 . 
  starting from a very low point should have created some serious percentage growth later on . 
  the green revolution saw far faster increases in food production in most of rest of the world during that same time period . 
  i think even developed countries like the us had faster food production growth than russia during that same time period . 
  it 's pretty clear from history that market-based solutions for food production work better than centrally planned food production . 
  involving politics in the business of food production tends to create famines , whereas allowing farmers to do their actual jobs tends to have a better outcome . 
  this would n't even be happening if iraq had sorted its own mess out and made efforts to take mosul back itself ... 
  instead their military ran away with its tail between its legs and has n't made any efforts to go back there . 
  meanwhile the kurds have been at least making efforts to try to weaken is in the area . 
  the krg in iraq has invited the turks in to help train their soldiers . 
  if the krg wants to invite the turks to help it get something done then so be it . 
  it 's not as if the iraqi army has any intention of actually fulfilling its obligations of defending the country itself . . 
  if the area concerned is n't dominated by shiites they 're just not interested in doing anything to defend it . 
  ^ sums up the european federalist contempt for democracy in 1 sentence . 
  good . 
  all of these preferential tax deals are ( illegal ) state aid and consequently the companies involved should pay it all back with interest . 
  if luxembourg does n't want to collect the money themselves then send it to the eu 's coffers instead . 
  it 's good to see the eu continue with these investigations . 
  hopefully in 10-20 years time things will settle down to a more acceptable norm where all big companies at least pay a reasonable amount of corporation tax in each country that they operate in rather than shifting their billions in global profits into a 0.1 % tax rate hidey-hole . 
  it does amuse me when people paint this as some sort of sovereignty issue . . every country has the right to set its own corporation tax rate in order to draw businesses to them . 
  what a country does not have the right to do is invite ( and specifically draw up a plan to allow ) a multinational corporation to essentially defraud every other member-state by funnelling all of its profits through their country . 
  profits made in france should be taxed in france . 
  profits made in luxembourg should be taxed in luxembourg . 
  simple . 
  elections would just result in a tyranny of the majority and would lead to massive sectarian revenge against the alawites . 
  then we 'd get a new civil war between the elected government vs al qaeda/is vs hezbollah and other shiite rebels . 
  the same thing happened in iraq but with the demographics were reversed . 
  same also happened in libya but without as much sectarianism . 
  islamist groups did n't win the elections so they refused to recognize the elected government and just staged a coup ... democracy does n't work when everyone wants total control , the losers will just revolt and fight the government . 
  what we need is a lebanon style agreement . 
  nothing gets signed into law without every single faction signing off on it . 
  that way every group is protected and has a reason to recognize the government . 
  the eu has severe restrictions on state aid because the whole point of the eu is that it 's a common market . 
  they do n't want individual countries subsidising a specific company through the nose and distorting the market . 
  the preferential tax deals are state aid and every sane individual knows it . 
  it 's literally the eu 's job to stamp out shit like this . 
  why should starbucks get millions in state aid from the government while small businesses get shafted by the taxman ? 
  wrong chart . 
  you 've linked a chart of month-on-month inflation . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/inflation-cpi shows clearly that inflation is still 15 % annually . 
  good luck with that . 
  at some point you 'll have to actually negotiate with those terrorists to achieve peace , like we did with the ira . 
  the pkk are a domestic terror movement that have some level of grass-roots support because of legitimate grievances from an oppressed ethnic group and are n't just going to be bombed out of existence . . 
  especially when the state does n't adequately protect the peaceful kurdish activists . 
  why go the peaceful route when it 'll just get you shot by turkish nationalists that the government has clearly turned a blind eye to ? 
  good luck and have fun . 
  if every country shot down every military plane that infringed on its airspace , nobody would have any jets left ... turkey certainly would n't have any left and greece would have a nice pile of turkish scrap metal to sell to help pay down its debt .
