spain is a country in the middle of a debt crisis , and one of the only productive regions in the entire country now wants to leave . 
  not a chance will spain or any of the creditors allow catalonia to just declare independence . 
  it would be financial suicide to allow catalonia to leave . 
  noone should be the eu leader , europe always turns into a mess when the balance of power is upset and 1 country begins to dominate others . 
  if france dominated the eu things would be just as ridiculous . 
  imagine waking up one morning to find that all structural fund spending has been replaced by increases to farmer subsidies ... austria and belgium are well within the german sphere of influence and are essentially puppets when it comes to eu and eurozone policies . 
  what 's needed is a balance of different factions so that no side has absolute power in the eu . 
  the problem is germany is in such a strong economic position while other core economies are doing far worse . 
  even though we pushed for expansion ( perhaps in an attempt to dilute the power of germany/france ) in the 2000s it has n't been enough . 
  we 're out of our depth and we can no longer play the various countries off against each other effectively enough . 
  the eu is becoming a failed experiment . 
  things will get more unbalanced as france continues to falter and germany continues to coast by thanks to its labour market reforms in the 2000s . 
  the kremlin have never worried about using spies against anyone so it 's not as if this changes anything . 
  spying is the only way for them to compete with other powers . 
  the point is it 's better that countries can engage in `` safe '' ego-contests by spying on each other rather than actually going to war . 
  this is how the game works . 
  estonia is welcome to spy on russia in return , and really it should be doing so anyway . . 
  there is no reason other than incompetence to not spy on other countries , especially a country that is your literal arch enemy . 
  i find it difficult to believe that russia and china would so readily accept saudi as an ally . 
  saudi has long funded chechen extremists in russia which has resulted in a couple of brutal wars , and it 's a direct competitor with russia in terms of oil production . 
  saudi has crashed russia 's economy twice now by ramping up oil production . 
  russia also lacks the military capabilities that the us has . 
  saudi 's military is designed to crush domestic revolts ( like most arab military 's ) , not to fight actual wars . 
  that 's why they needed the us to bail them out when iraq attacked , and we can currently see that saudi can barely intervene in yemen without their jets being shot down by militants . 
  saudi needs the us and its western friends . 
  china will make deals with anyone but it has its own issues with islamic extremists and has little interest in allowing saudi to spread its dangerous brand of islam to china . 
  saudi should be treated like the rogue state that it is . 
  we should do enough to keep things stable for now and that 's it . 
  they have sponsored terrorism against practically every superpower , they are a rogue state and should be treated as such . 
  better late than never , but really that should have been done years ago before the massive waves of refugees began . 
  what could easily happen now is the current wave sit for 1.5 years getting their application processed , and when approved they find that the law has changed and then they wont be able to bring their family to finland ... great way to create a criminal underclass with no loyalty to the state . 
  the state will have essentially wasted 1.5 years of these peoples lives because they applied banking on the idea of bringing their family over and they are n't going to be happy . 
  a country ca n't just lead people on for years with promises of x , y and z , and then suddenly take away the candy at the last minute , it 's just going to cause discontent . 
  either rush the law through right now and tell current applicants what 's going to happen ( which will give them the opportunity to go elsewhere ) or introduce some kind of phasing system for current refugees . 
  the reasons for slovakia 's lack of opt out come down to 2 things , lack of foresight from the politicians in charge and the lack of leverage slovakia has over the eu . 
  it 's all very well denmark or the uk negotiating opt-outs every time a new treaty is signed , denmark is a highly competitive developed economy and the uk is the finance hub of the world . 
  ireland is a respected , far-away country that does little to offend others so it 's also easy for them to negotiate opt-outs too . 
  meanwhile slovakia was a brand new state when it first started pursuing membership of the eu . 
  that gives it little/no leverage when it comes to signing treaties . 
  imagine if the ee countries were trying to obtain dozens of opt-outs when joining and in their first few years of the eu . 
  the uk gets enough bad press for how we deal with the eu ( see constant complaints about cherry-picking , and the uk not playing a proper role in the union ) , the ee countries would have been called selfish nazi 's by the other member states had they tried to act tough in negotiations . 
  they simply ca n't deflect criticism as easily as more powerful countries can . 
  another issue is that euroscepticism is stronger in the uk and denmark , in former soviet countries the political elite never envisaged this kind of issue arising within the eu . 
  they naively thought that they had broken free of a dictatorial union and that the eu was a far more friendly and democratic union to be a part of . 
  the populace were far too trusting of the eu and this is their punishment . 
  it raises good points there . 
  in an ideal world it would make sense for the eu to negotiate a trade deal with china because the eu would have more leverage than the individual states and therefore it would be able to get a better deal for all of us . 
  in reality though the eu is a bureaucratic mess and it takes many years to negotiate a trade agreement with a large country so we end up falling behind other nations . 
  there 's also the issue that things the uk wants in a trade agreement are n't necessarily things that the rest of the eu cares about because our economies are different . 
  so we might end up eventually signing a trade agreement and not getting the concessions that our particular country needs . 
  you 've lost it . 
  trump 's a moron who would single handedly destroy the us ' dominant position in the world with his complete lack of diplomacy . 
  the us already has very strict immigration rules for 3rd worlders ( hence why they do n't have monthly beheadings ) so what 's the problem ? 
  mexicans are largely a non-issue as they work hard and do n't cause too many problems . 
  in sweden most were fine with taking in more immigrants a few years ago too . 
  now sd 's support is growing faster than ever . 
  you ca n't just ignore a growing political movement just because it makes you uncomfortable . 
  popular opinion is pro-refugee now , if things continue down an unsustainable path you will find that popular opinion changes very quickly . 
  luckily for you merkel is such a good populist that as soon as public sentiment turns against refugees she will u-turn and change her policies to fit the new situation . 
  but in the meantime you 're going to create a sizeable disenfranchised underclass who despise the establishment and in the long term it will erode trust in the main parties . 
  nationalizing private businesses because they 're partly owned by foreigners is a great way to be labelled a rogue state . 
  nobody outside the balkans cares about your feuds but the moment you start going full venezuela and stealing other peoples property you 'll have crossed the line . 
  but neither side controls the country , which is why there is civil war and mass movements of refugees ... assad is done , he is n't regaining control of the whole country again even with russian support . 
  what 's needed is a power sharing agreement between the various factions and for assad himself to go into exile . 
  you paint it as this binary choice as if a dictator can just go back to ruling a country that he 's literally spent years tearing apart . 
  those that fought against assad ( so a good half of the population of syria ... ) would also still have justifiable grounds to flee and claim asylum anyway . 
  violent dictators do n't tend to treat those that opposed them very well if they get back in charge ... 
  the average underpaid public servant in germany is n't going to have a clue what the difference is between a syrian `` accent '' and an iraqi `` accent '' . 
  nor are they going to be greatly knowledgeable about the minute details of those countries to verify peoples stories . 
  they can just say they lived in syrian city x since 2005 . 
  there wo n't be any way of verifying the story at all . 
  but literally 0 of them claim any money from the polish state and they all contribute more than they take . 
  poland has no right to complain about the uk tightening its safety net when poland does n't even have a real safety net itself . 
  a uk citizen ca n't go to poland and claim benefits ever without working for years in poland . 
  and the numbers of migrants are obviously far lower so there are no social cohesion issues . 
  have british migrants caused large-scale discontent amongst your working class ? 
  probably not . . 
  i do think that the uk concentrates too much on european migration ( non-eu migration has always been very poorly managed in this country and the government loves to deflect onto eu migration to cover its own arse ) because overall eu migrants do at least contribute slightly more than they take back from the state . 
  but to compare it to the uk migrants that poland receives is just silly . 
  the british workers in poland are practically a licence to print money for the polish government , it 's not comparable at all . 
  poland would still take in these workers even if the eu did n't exist . 
  well if that happens then germany will essentially be housing and feeding the refugees anyway . 
  you might as well just give them the right to reside and work rather than jailing them . . 
  the point is they are n't going to stay in eastern europe . 
  they will end up in the west , whether it 's in flats , the streets , shanty towns or in prison . 
  because if hundreds of refugees are sitting on the streets , or living in houses not fit for habitation in germany and refusing to leave the country to go to their `` assigned country '' then public opinion will inevitably shift to `` let them live here '' . 
  once that happens the government will follow suit . 
  no bureaucrat is going to stop a refugee moving to their preferred country . 
  the government can only deport the same refugee x number of times before people start figuring out what a farce the entire idea is . 
  but there is no welfare state in most of eastern europe . 
  while your application is being processed you get free shelter and food , same as in every country . 
  but once you have been granted refugee status you are treated the same as any other citizen . 
  you get unemployment for a limited time if you have already worked , that 's it . 
  there is no permanent source of welfare for refugees that are unemployed in many countries . 
  many countries simply ca n't afford the kind of far-reaching welfare state that we have . 
  simply put , many refugees living with areas with bad job markets ( which currently sums up most of europe ... ) will find that they are better off going to germany/sweden and either begging and/or doing whatever illegal work that they can . 
  working illegally is n't a problem for someone that has illegally entered dozens of countries in search of a better life . 
  you can say `` it is difficult to live in germany illegally '' , and i say `` it is difficult to find a people trafficker to traffic them into europe . '', 
  something that is difficult for us sheltered people is not necessarily difficult for people who live in a far more desperate world . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of dodgy individuals ( usually foreign nationals ) in germany who rent out rooms to illegal migrants .
