  or do you want to dissolve the judiciary ? 
  those are your 2 options if you want to take the piss . 
  you have history mixed up . 
  germany did n't suspend dublin out of the kindness of its heart . 
  it suspended dublin because it was already de-facto suspended , as the courts in sweden and germany were refusing to allow migrants to be deported back to their 1st destination country . 
  it was essentially a rule that was not being enforced by the courts because human rights laws take priority . 
  i always wonder what kind of people vote for a party like korwin . 
  imagine voting for a party to protect you from hypothetical muslim invaders and demographic warfare but the leader of the party happens to be a massive putinbot that would probably happily invite russia in to run the country again if he ever got into power ... 
  frankly is controlled areas are ran like a well-oiled machine compared to russian puppet states . 
  at least poland 's centre-right party still has a grip on reality and after the election will be able to represent its citizens views on immigration on the european stage . 
  it would be amusing in a very bad way if things ever fell apart and fringe parties got elected there . 
  eastern europe 's far-right parties really do outclass ours in every metric , including stupidity . 
  it takes a very special kind of stupid for a former victim of the communist regime to turn to nazism , but still keep supporting putin , ex-kgb head ... 
  i 'm unsure if you 're calling for intervention or just more foresight and planning from europe on handling refugees . 
  europe does n't have the ability to prevent wars from happening across the world . 
  the civil war in syria has been a long time coming , the country has had a dictator from a minority sect for decades who suppressed dissent and regularly killed opposition to his regime . 
  these regimes always fall apart in the end and now every faction is fighting for themselves . 
  we ca n't prevent wars like this as they are caused by long-standing internal issues with how these countries govern themselves . 
  all it takes is a global recession to exasperate internal issues such as tribal favourtism , shortage of jobs , a government that does n't actually respond to protests ( other than by sending in tanks ) and you get civil unrest and revolution . 
  we do n't control what other countries do . 
  especially not syria which is in russia 's sphere of influence , only the us has the clout to interfere with russia 's backyard and even that did n't work out very well . 
  what we need though is a way to handle future refugee crisis ' because there will be far worse ones to come . 
  so many dictators from the cold war era are overstaying their welcome and they wo n't last much longer . 
  we need a stable country that can process asylum requests off-site for the eu and we need to seriously beef up funding for external border control and funding for refugee camps near the conflict zones . 
  to be fair no country that joined the euro actually met the strict rules required to join . 
  books cooking is always required . 
  if poland wanted to join all it would have to do is hire a few friendly american bankers and european bureaucrats who can fix the figures for them . 
  you can bet that if poland wanted to join the eurozone would be tripping over itself to make it happen , rules be damned . 
  there 's a reason why it invited so many unqualified countries to join at such an early stage in the experiment . 
  not sure where 3rd poorest comes from , but there are tons of ways of quantifying how rich/poor countries are so it 's hard to know what metric he 's used . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union#economic_variation turkey has a lower gdp per capita than bulgaria and far lower than poland , which is currently the biggest net receiver of eu funds . 
  its gdp ( which is what the membership fees would be based on ) is barely as high as that of the netherlands , a country with only 13 million people . 
  so we get a situation where turkey would pay as much in fees as the netherlands but based on its very large population and its low gdp per capita it would receive large amounts of cap and structural funding subsidies , far larger than almost any other countries . 
  well that 's the point is n't it . 
  when europeans invaded the america 's they killed most of the native populations there and created a completely new order . 
  the native americans now live at the margins of society . 
  in this day and age ( i.e. 
  where modern americans and europeans have the ability to secure their borders and prevent mass movements of people ) you 'd have to be a very special kind of stupid to allow yourself to become a victim to that very same kind of demographic warfare ... 
  turkey has too much leverage for us to get a good deal out of them , bin the idea and ask another country for help instead . 
  it 's unfortunate that it will mean more migrants getting to the eu before being caught and transferred elsewhere but it 's clear that turkey has no intention to act in good faith and wants far too much in return . 
  erdogan wants unconditional and immediate eu membership for turkey , even the most pro-expansion europeans would n't agree to that . . 
  it does n't have to be a syrian border-country , we could use morocco for example as an off-site processing centre for refugees that enter the eu , which would immediately halt illegal entries from the economic migrants . 
  risks of failed asylum seekers absconding would drop to near zero . 
  meanwhile we need to do more to process asylum claims at the refugee camps themselves rather than making people travel thousands of miles to apply . 
  not much point voting for a particular party in a country that already runs itself without any real issues and operates in near-complete isolation to the rest of the world . 
  as long as there are billionaire criminals around the world looking to hide their ill-gotten gains in secret banks then switzerland will always have a `` strong '' and growing economy , the government just exists to sit there and look pretty . 
  it seems that most important issues are dealt with via referendums anyway . 
  switzerland dodged a lot of bullets by not joining the eu , not broadening its immigration policy , not getting involved in borderline illegal wars , being more morally flexible than other nations , etc. 
  it 's no surprise that there 's little desire to be politically active in a country with no crisis ' . 
  i think you missed the point of the article ... 
  the police were arresting the victims because they were seen as troublemakers and the police refused to believe that these underage girls were being raped even when the victims told the police . 
  people from broken homes were betrayed by the police and rather than believe these girls the police instead chose to believe the word of some 40 year old pakistani taxi drivers ... 
  it 's institutionalised protection of ethnic minorities caused by political cowardice . 
  nothing more and nothing less . 
  frankly what people should have done is taken the law into their own hands , it is after all what most ethnic minority groups tend to do when horrific crimes are committed against their own . 
  the police proved to be utterly useless at dealing with the issue . 
  also the relevant quote with regards to the 2 fathers from the article is `` in two of the cases , fathers tracked down their daughters and tried to remove them from houses where they were being abused , only to be arrested themselves when police were called to the scene . '', 
  they tried to rescue their children from abusers and got arrested . 
  now try and spin that in a positive way for me . 
  were these fathers being drunk and disorderly too ? 
  kosovo is a failed state , nobody needs to put pressure on them . 
  you do n't call a pest control team when there 's a spider on your ceiling , you either leave it alone or kill it . 
  ultimately if serbia wants to join the eu it needs to meet certain criteria . 
  it 's up to them whether they want to comply or not . 
  kosovo would never be allowed into the eu full stop because the entire country would empty itself into western europe within months . 
  serbia at least has a chance of joining which is why they have been given guidance on what they need to do to be allowed in . 
  the same way that russia works/worked as a superpower . 
  a wide-reaching federation usually gives its outer provinces greater autonomy to prevent them from breaking away . 
  even if the uk is ever forced into joining a european super-state it would never accept giving up as much control as some of the mainland countries would . 
  of course given that the uk is n't in a very useful geographical location compared to the russian provinces in central asia it would probably be easier to just let the uk sit out of any super-state . 
  but it 's perfectly possible to have a super-state where some areas are given more control over themselves than others . 
  but the argument is about belgium vs france , eastern europe does n't come into it . 
  the best solution would be one that pisses off both sides equally which would have the added bonus of taking the 2 countries down a couple of notches . 
  give the parliament to italy or one of the baltic states !, 
  `` but according to some treaties that no living person has actually bothered to read since 1985 it says strasbourg should be the seat of parliament ! '', 
  is n't really a very convincing argument unfortunately . 
  there are old by-laws in some areas that it 's ok to kill a frenchman under certain circumstances , it does n't mean that these laws are actually valid and enforced ... just because something was written in a little-cared-about document decades ago does n't make it the absolute authority on what should happen . 
  thanks for reminding us that noone does smugness better than the americans ... 
  immigration is a problem for the working class though . 
  immigration of unskilled migrants ( including refugees ) puts more pressure on low quality housing stock which will drive up rents for the working class people . 
  they have nowhere to downsize to because they 're already at the bottom . 
  they are categorically worse off and there 's nothing they can do about it . 
  increased competition at the bottom of the job market is again a big problem because there 's nowhere to go . 
  they face a choice to either cut their pay and conditions or do n't work at all . 
  schools in low-income areas will become massively strained , especially as educating children who do n't know any german at all is far more resource-intensive than educating a regular austrian child . 
  education for austrian children will suffer unless schools are given additional resources . 
  these are basic fundamental facts . 
  you ca n't just flood a region with unskilled migrants and expect housing costs and education costs to remain the same . 
  the welfare state will also face increased costs if the refugees have difficulty integrating into the legal job market . 
  someone is going to have to pay for all of this . 
  the best thing to do is only accept migrants that will pay more into the system than they take , but that 's too insensitive and cruel so it wo n't happen . 
  even refugees should be judged on what they can contribute to their new country , not just what their new country can do for them . 
  and if anything it 's the right wing 's fetish for private industry that makes them so pro-immigration . 
  they are inviting these people in to depress wages and increase corporate profits . 
  the left wing are merely being useful idiots and agreeing to something against their own interests . 
  the reason the ukraine crisis has quietened down is because a stalemate has been reached and both sides know they ca n't win . 
  and that 's because ukraine was given weapons by the west ... 
  without outside help russian separatists would have gone much further before being stopped which would have prolonged the conflict . 
  this is n't 2 opposing solutions , it 's 2 solutions working together to create peace . 
  real peace deals only happen when both sides have something to gain from it .
