  you ca n't have slaves create a commercial passenger jet or write banking software , or even make cars . 
  slaves are good for agriculture and construction work but not much else . 
  slavery would n't work in any modern economy for obvious reasons . 
  why go to the efforts of making such a long post when you immediately start with something that is objectively untrue ? 
  even the most neo-liberal capitalist does n't want a return to slavery because it is incompatible with a modern economy . 
  you 're arguing against a strawman . 
  if you think slavery got abolished in the western world purely on moral grounds you 're being very naive . 
  people in power rarely make decisions based on morality . 
  slavery naturally became redundant as the world moved away from agriculture-based economies and towards industrial and service-sector economies . 
  there is absolutely no point having slavery in a country where agriculture is 1 % of gdp . 
  you 're not helping the reputation of far-left wingers being economically illiterate . 
  i mean jesus christ , if you think slavery is actually an economic boon to a modern developed country then you 're not really in a position to be taken seriously are you ? 
  the problem that france faces is that the well protected union-backed middle-aged and elderly workers are locking out their children from entering the workforce . 
  do n't play the children card when it 's france that facing large-scale youth unemployment , not the countries with more flexible labour markets ... 
  but you just said trump is honest , and now you 're admitting he is n't ? 
  make up your mind please . 
  that is n't how it works at all ... why even comment if you do n't understand the very basics of the uk 's political system ?? 
  it 'd also be completely pointless to cancel an election , if that were even possible . 
  she is still projected to get a bigger majority than she had prior to the election . 
  the presidency is winner-takes-all , it makes no sense to vote 3rd party because it has absolutely no positive impact on the result . 
  the presidency is by nature a 2 horse race . 
  the 3rd horse may as well not even be in the race at all . 
  the 3rd horse only serves to potentially split the vote and hands the victory to one of the other 2 candidates . 
  voting 3rd party in a 1 round presidential election is just pissing in the ocean . 
  this is why in most countries presidential elections use a 2 round voting system . 
  it 's honest because it formalises the process of shortlisting the contest into 2 candidates and it allows people to weed out the terrible candidates in the 1st round by giving them a real choice in who they want to advance . 
  if the us scrapped its terrible primary system ( which encourages the nomination of idiots and causes bitterness within the party ) and allowed a more open 1st round of voting with multiple candidates allowed to run for each party then things probably have gone better . 
  the uk has low productivity compared to most of the developed world and it 's partly because labour is so cheap . 
  by making cheap migrant labour more expensive it will push companies to automate rather than rely on cheap labour . 
  many jobs can already be automated , they just are n't because labour is so cheap that it is n't worth it . 
  when labour costs increase , more things will be automated . 
  look at how many hand car washes there are in the uk . 
  the technology to automate that process was invented decades ago , and yet cheap labour keeps those dead-end migrant jobs in existence and the workers usually end up claiming welfare to supplement their income . 
  the taxpayer pays for low productivity . 
  there are plenty of brits that can do most of the jobs that ca n't be automated . 
  for high-skilled jobs the fee is a negligible cost for the employer . 
  it 's a win win situation for the government , who gets easy extra revenue , the economy which can become more efficient and modern and potentially good for british workers who will have an easier time getting jobs compared to migrant workers . 
  and your solution would have been what , exactly ? 
  the ussr was too powerful to beat them back to their correct pre-war borders , so only part of europe could be saved . 
  the only two realistic ways of deciding who gets what is to have another full-scale war against the ussr ( which you would now be complaining about because it would have led to tens of millions more deaths in europe , mostly in the east ) or to boil everything down to maps and numbers and draw some lines . 
  what would you have done in their position ? 
  the ussr had a lot of leverage and millions more bodies to throw at us in the event of war . 
  if it was n't for the uk and us the soviets would have advanced a lot further across europe . 
  you 're welcome . 
  next time something like this happens you can come up with a bright idea to save the world instead if we did such a shit job . 
  you ca n't help or please everyone when it comes to international relations , it 's largely a zero-sum game unfortunately . 
  the job of the world leaders was merely to choose who to shaft and who to save . 
  better than saving noone . 
  well no it does n't sum up the eastern europeans in the east , because most of your criminals have migrated to the wealthier countries . 
  and now we have to deal with them . 
  to be fair poland 's not even the worst offender , not by a long shot . 
  but i think you missed his entire point . 
  nobody is saying eastern europeans are all criminals , but what he is saying is that many of your criminal lowlifes have migrated west due to economic pull-factors and now they have become our problem . 
  and it was clearly very stupid of us to allow that to happen because it has n't benefited us in the slightest . 
  it highlights that poland 's policy of giving out temporary work visas to migrants that share their culture rather than opening the floodgates to everyone is actually a very good policy . 
  it 's just unfortunate that the west decided to go with a far stupider immigration policy . 
  but that 's not an argument for poland to start accepting criminal migrants themselves , it 's an argument for getting rid of freedom of movement within the eu and start controlling immigration from the eastern european countries so that we can kick out the criminals and keep them out . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  just because western europe got conned into accepting open borders does n't mean other countries should as well . 
  the solution is to control immigration on every level , not try to one-up each other with terrible immigration policies . 
  poland 's been allowed to have its cake and eat it when it comes to immigration policy but that 's not their fault . 
  poland 's job is to look out for poland and good on them if they manage to send their crims to other countries while not accepting any criminal migrants in return . 
  it 's our fault for being weak and acting against our own interests . 
  blair in particular has a lot to answer for . 
  well we are already getting that , as the eu wants us to pay for their 2019 budget when we wo n't even be a member during that time ... 
  they also want us to pay the eu civil servants pensions for them , even though our membership contributions should already have been paying for `` our share '' of those pension liabilities . . 
  somehow the money we contribute year after year to the pension funds went missing and we need to pay for it again . 
  i suppose one of the biggest problems with having a yeltsin-esque drunk as eu commissioner is that there ends up being a lot of liabilities and very few assets . 
  oh come on , why even ask for examples if you 're just going to weasel-word your way out of everything people provide you . 
  if you 're one of those political fanboys that ca n't help but defend their favourite politicians then fine , but just admit it upfront to save us all some time and energy . 
  the person you replied to highlighted that schauble constantly publicly pressured the ec to be tough on the periphery states ( to please voters at home ) while engaging in backroom deals to protect his political allies in spain . 
  he said one thing and did another . 
  let 's not even go into his history with dodgy donors and illegal campaign financing . 
  remember when he claimed to be an anti-corruption force within the cdu ? 
  and then had to admit to being part of the corrupt deals after all ? 
  again , he said one thing but in reality his actions were completely different . 
  he 's a politician . 
  saying one thing and doing another is what they 're good at . 
  surely you must recognise that , even if it is a politician that you happen to like . 
  hollande got elected with much fanfare and promise too , but that did n't help anyone . 
  if macron succeeds in reforming france and giving the disenfranchised a place in society then that would be a turning point . 
  if he fails to make things work then it may end up with a melenchon vs le pen in the 2nd round in 5 years time . 
  public opinion will change when things improve , not when someone wins an election . 
  macron 's big problem is that as soon as he starts firing those 100k public sector workers and reforming the labour market he 's going to be hit by 24/7 riots in every major suburb for weeks on end . 
  people keep painting these election results as a `` victory '' against the far-right . 
  hofer came within a knifes edge of winning in austria . 
  le pen gained 15 % over her father from 15 years ago . 
  wilders gained seats . 
  right now the growth has been slowed but populists are still in a far better position than they were before the 2008 global financial crisis . 
  let 's actually wait until politicians start solving problems and bringing people back into the fold before we congratulate ourselves . 
  a lot of problems people have with immigration is the high levels of eu migration which we could n't realistically do much about . 
  also may was a useless home secretary who would say a lot of things but do relatively little . 
  the tories are against immigration to a degree , but they are funded by big businesses that have a chronic addiction to cheap labour so there 's always going to be a lot more rhetoric than actual action . 
  but for an anti-immigration voter there 's noone else to vote for . 
  labour ca n't be trusted after what blair did so people gravitate towards the party that at least do a few token things to appease them . 
  labour could become relevant again if it became the party of low immigration , low taxes on the working and middle classes and a welfare state for brits only . 
  it might be unsavoury for a few champagne socialists but in its current form labour is utterly redundant . 
  the tories have more working class support than the labour party at the moment . . 
  they need to capture the centre ground of the newly emerging nationalist vs globalist political spectrum , just as the tories have done . 
  also refugees are immigrants .
