  you 've got it the wrong way around here . 
  hollande is hated because he 's genuinely trying to do what 's necessary for the country but in a divisive way . 
  sarkozy is just a twat that is only interested in siphoning as much money off as possible . 
  inevitably when the police fail to act against migrant gangs people will have to take the law into their own hands . 
  this happens in any area where rule of law disintegrates . 
  people are only as civilised as the system allows them to be . 
  the police get funding cuts left right and centre and we 're about to see the first increase in crime in decades , what exactly do you expect to happen ? 
  and there 's nothing horribly wrong with informal justice when it 's done right . 
  when you look at other migrant groups such as the chinese they tend to rely on internal policing rather than involving the police or authorities directly . 
  but nobody complains , because we know that if a chinese pedophile gang was lurking around the rest of their own community would deal with it themselves before it gets out of hand . 
  and they would n't beat around the bush with trials or evidence . 
  notice how we do n't have many issues with chinese migrant criminals . 
  their approach works . 
  frankly if the pakistani and arab immigrant groups were better at policing their own communities we would n't be having anywhere near as many problems in the first place . 
  anything that makes it easier for people to enter a country also makes it easier for people to illegally overstay . 
  getting into the country is the difficult part , overstaying it as simple as just not going back . 
  visa free travel would without a doubt increase the level of illegal migration from turkey . 
  it 's made worse by the fact that many of our governments are incompetent when it comes to taking action against illegal migrants . 
  once they 're living here good luck getting rid of them . 
  it 's never been easier to be an illegal migrant partly due to the large numbers of ( legal ) foreign nationals already living here who tend to be the ones that are happy to employ and house illegals . 
  another issue is visa-free travel from the non-eu balkans countries caused a massive spike in crime in some eu countries . 
  anything that allows the criminal under-class to easily hop from one country to another will cause crime issues and turkey would be no exception . 
  but the wider issue is simply that people are getting tired of mass-scale immigration and loosening of border controls . 
  politicians have pushed through so many changes so quickly when it comes to immigration that the public just want things to stop for a while so that they can try to adjust to the situation . 
  turkey is a huge country ( far larger than the countries that have already caused significant anti-immigrant friction in the eu ) and people are already sick and tired of the constant erosion of our borders . 
  politicians can highlight that it 's only visa-free travel , not freedom of movement but at this point who the hell trusts what some establishment pro-business tosser has to say about immigration policy ? 
  we all know their motives , their motives are to flood our countries with as much cheap labour as possible and visa-free travel is just the beginning of a long process in fucking over our workers . 
  turkey is the focus of everyone 's anger but the real issue is we 've already gone too far and we need to take a few steps back , it 's not the right time to relax restrictions on any medium-large country . 
  turkey will always be a controversial country to open the gates to in any case and with the rise of the hard and far right in europe it would be utterly stupid to loosen restrictions on them at the current time . 
  it 's more because wikipedia does n't want to have to censor millions of its articles based on potentially hundreds of cases of select countries drawing up ridiculous laws and applying them globally . 
  france is just the starting pistol . 
  imagine an internet that is dictated to by the chinese , or the turkish government , or the venezuelan government . 
  if france gets to dictate what google.com or wikipedia.org show , then so can any government in the world . 
  french laws apply only in france . 
  eu laws apply only in the eu . 
  french laws do not apply globally . 
  simple as that . 
  google.fr is under french jurisdiction , google.com is categorically not under french jurisdiction . 
  to violate such a fundamental principle of sovereignty is wrong . 
  if france does n't like what a foreign-operated website is doing it should block that website in france . 
  i do n't know why you 're talking about red herrings either , jimmy wales has always largely been against government meddling with the internet in any way ( and when you look at how american companies massively outcompete our own in the online sphere it 's pretty clear that his point of view is correct ) . 
  but hate speech laws do n't directly concern his work so he 's not going to dedicate as much time or lobbying to it . 
   i guess some people misunderstood the principles of democracy . 
  it is not your way , it is the majorities way . 
  that 's not what democracy is . 
  that 's mob rule . 
  democracy is about rule of law , freedom of expression , an independent judiciary and usually a strong constitution that is difficult to quickly change . 
  poland currently meets very few of those criteria . 
  democracy is about limits on power . 
  at this point is there anything limiting the polish governments power other than the eu ? 
  judiciary in their pocket , constitution has been shat on and burned , the ruling party are attempting to consolidate their power so that the opposition ca n't win again . 
  the polish government has gone beyond the usual rules of engagement that all elites follow . 
  replacing a few employees at the state-owned news outlet or slightly redrawing boundary lines is one thing , but literally firing supreme court judges and replacing them with your own is taking things too far . 
  just because 51 % of your people vote some idiot into power does n't make the country a democracy . 
  otherwise we would consider china , russia , north korea , venezuela etc to be democracies . 
  the problem is many people do n't understand what democracy actually means . 
  i can understand that those who have only recently emerged from a dodgy one-party state would think that democracy simply means having 2 or more political parties , but it goes much further than that . 
  the eu has every right to criticise the polish government , especially as the treaties you have signed with the eu are still legally binding , and you will find that the commission and european court of justice are not as easy to magic away as the polish judiciary were . 
  the eu 's bureaucrats and judges are some of the most anally-retentive in the world after all . 
  the eu also has a great deal of leverage as your entire economic development is dependant on their `` benevolence '' . 
  tread lightly . 
  and just below that :  but the arrival in recent years of tens of thousands of unaccompanied teenage boys from afghanistan , syria and north africa is also having a significant impact . 
  and :  sweden 's biggest male surplus is in the 15-19 age group , where there are 108 boys for every 100 girls . 
  so clearly not . . 
  does spain have any world-class up-market retail outlets/streets ? 
  does spain have expensive historical attractions ? 
  is spain considered more exotic than other warm countries in the caribbean , latin america and africa ? 
  so i do n't know how you expect to change things . 
  rich tourists are pulled in by very specific things and if you do n't have them then you wo n't get the tourists . 
  why would any big spender go to spain , it would be equally as ridiculous as a tourist coming to london for the great weather . 
  spain ca n't run away from its geography problem . 
  it 's full of shitty lower class tourists for a reason . 
  because it 's cheap and close by , everyone else with money goes somewhere further away because those places will have less riff-raff and more to spend their money on . 
  in the long run your only hope is conning the chinese middle classes into believing that spain is an exotic , expensive country , because you sure as hell wo n't convince the european tourists ... maybe if you start advertising that bull-fighting is an ancient tradition that imbues spectators with enhanced fertility and has cancer-curing properties you might attract some rich chinese tourists ... 
   it was sustainable 30 years ago , it for sure can be now too if we would stop bleeding money on tax competition . 
  i think you underestimate just how much worse things are getting due to globalisation and europe 's demographic crisis . 
  we live in a world with so much more competition than even 30 years ago . 
  french workers and companies are n't just competing with 30 decent countries these days , they 're competing with 150 + functional countries and many of them have workers who are willing to work for nothing . 
  china is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  the global economy is so dynamic and ever-changing that it is n't feasible to have people employed in jobs for life anymore . 
  french small businesses are having to compete with businesses in other countries which have cheaper running costs and a more flexible labour market . 
  your small businesses ca n't even compete with germany 's , let alone any producers in the 3rd world . 
  we live in countries with so many elderly people that our welfare and health care costs are skyrocketing and our tax receipts shrinking . 
  closing tax loopholes is n't going to be enough to make up for those increases to expenses . 
  our immigration policies have largely been fantastic failures in producing net contributors to the state coffers , instead we 've produced a new underclass of welfare claimants . 
  you ca n't just keep uncompetitive businesses on life support . 
  the french government simply does not have the money to continue its current policies . 
  at least the german labour market reforms have brought them some time and made the government budget sustainable for the time being . 
  for a middle ground you should be looking at denmark which has a fantastic flexible employment system . 
  you ca n't cling to jobs for life forever , it 's not going to be sustainable and everyone knows it . 
  you ca n't stop globalisation , we are n't imperial superpowers anymore . 
  not really . 
  australia and germany have virtually no history of military co-operation at all . 
  they do have a history of war with each other however . 
  and germany was constantly saying that australia should choose them for the sub contract so that china would n't get pissed off . 
  if anything germany was presenting itself as a neutral country or as a trojan horse depending on the way you look at things . 
  and yet in the rest of the world businesses and local governments are funding free wifi all over the place because it brings in more customers to the area . 
  what 's so different about germany , other than its chronically weak and underdeveloped service sector ? 
  because they will have ever-increasing unemployment and eventually an unsustainable level of sovereign debt if they do n't . 
  their economy is wholly uncompetitive .
