  forcing banks to lend to political parties would be a disaster waiting to happen . 
  bad things happen when you force banks to lend sub-prime . 
  the financial ineptitude of the far-right has been highlighted throughout recent history just as it has for the far-left . 
  comments like yours highlight exactly why there can be no common european identity for a long time . 
  any other countries you 'd like to piss on before this thread is over ? 
  it does seem a bit silly to form a new ( borderline failed ) independent state when many of its residents still base their identity entirely on their ethnicity . 
  the ethnic group in question already has a more established and functional state elsewhere so it 's not as if they need kosovo to be a `` homeland '' for albanians . 
  if people consider themselves albanian first and kosovar second , why go to the lengths to create a new country which will inevitably disintegrate due to a complete lack of ( civic ) nationalism ? 
  you 're utterly obsessed with cash are n't you ? 
  you 're worse than the american gun-nuts who compare gun control to communism . 
  at least you can have a rational discussion with an american about guns . 
  meanwhile in this thread you ( as well as some other odd characters ) are positively foaming at the mouth about a 500 euro note being banned ... get a grip please . 
  a journalist has to protect its sources in situations like this . 
  if the info was from someone who works in the immigration service ( who else would have such info ? ), 
  it could jeopardise the persons job if their name was published . 
  it all comes down to whether you trust the individual columnist or not . 
  are her sources usually reliable or does she have a history of making up sensationalised stories ? 
  lies . 
  http://www.taxjustice.net/2015/11/06/leaked-documents-how-luxembourg-netherlands-block-eu-tax-reforms/ an eu solution is as international as it 's going to get . 
  but it wo n't happen unless we shove it through without the consent of certain member states . 
  it 's pretty sad how politicians never want to touch this issue with a barge pole , and it 's left to the bureaucrats in the commission to try to tackle tax evasion via state aid laws . 
  the rulings which member states like netherlands and co then have the audacity to whine about and even lodge appeals on behalf of the multinational tax dodging companies . 
  http://www.taxjournal.com/tj/articles/netherlands-appeals-ec-state-aid-ruling-starbucks-02122015 at this point the dutch government is entirely owned and paid for by the tax dodging multinationals . 
  your government has literally appealed to the commission because it 's been told to collect more tax money from starbucks . 
  it 's state-sanctioned theft by the government , politicians tripping over themselves to give tax money back to a company rather than have it actually go into the government coffers . 
  but germany could invite migrants from anywhere in the world , it has low unemployment and a good international reputation . 
  why do they not target christian countries in africa , or china , or south america ? 
  granted , some christians from africa can sometimes have dodgy cultural practices too but the culture clash is n't anywhere near as significant as it is with arab/pakistani/afghan muslims . 
   pepper spray  illegal weapon and people call us a nanny state ... she 's not carrying it to spray random bystanders in the eyes . 
  she carried it to defend herself from rapists . 
  in situations like this the police should use their discretion and not prosecute for possession . 
  prosecuting women that come forward to report an attempted attack would create a very chilling effect and would ultimately discourage women that carry pepper spray/other weapons from reporting attempted assaults . 
  the net result is everyone is more unsafe , how does it benefit anyone ? 
  it 's not entirely clear if the police did use their discretion in this instance because there have been no follow-up stories on whether the girl was arrested or not . 
  but you would think that following the initial wave of tabloid press on this , a competent police force would at least issue a press release confirming that they 've decided not to arrest a teenage girl for defending herself against a rapist ... 
  well it 's female muslims creating their own private place of worship because they are being made to feel like 2nd class citizens in the male-controlled , male-dominated mosques . 
  from their perspective , de-facto segregation is a step up from perhaps not even being treated as a human . 
  it 's like the difference between slavery-era usa and jim crow-era usa . 
  better to have your own water fountain , even if it 's deliberately kept in poor condition by the powers that be , rather than be a literal slave with no water fountain . 
  slow progress is the only progress you can get in a culture that is so heavily dominated by traditionalists . 
  give it 50-100 years and maybe women will be able to work and become the breadwinners in a muslim family . 
  every instance of female muslims challenging the genuinely patriarchal culture of islam is a good thing and should be encouraged . 
  every time a woman stands up for their right to worship , work , speak , and control their own destiny it chips away at the oppressive nature of islam . 
  if you 're expecting islam to westernize within 10-20 years you 're going to be heavily disappointed . 
  expect 100-200 years and you might not be . 
  that 's why for the time being we need strong immigration restrictions and a great deal more state involvement in mosques to try to guide things along as quickly as possible . 
  there 's no point inviting millions of muslims and expecting things to sort themselves out within 2 generations . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  poland is an american client state , without them you 'd just be a german/russian bitch . . be careful what you wish for . 
  better to be run by a country halfway across the world rather than run by a neighbouring country . 
  just ask ukraine . 
  so in effect you 're complaining that a news article that was never actually submitted to this subreddit , was not upvoted as much as this submission ... ? 
  not entirely sure what we can do about that , other than invent a time machine and travel back in time to get someone to actually submit the news article to see whether it does attract a similar outcry or not . . 
  i do n't understand why you get the idea that the submission would have been deleted by the mods either . 
  they 've largely been pro-immigration and only relaxed the rules on negative migrant threads when public opinion on this sub took a massive turn during the height of last summers migrant crisis . 
  hungary has no leverage so it does n't really matter whether they leave the eu or not . 
  hungary benefits too much from free movement of workers , free trade area , structural funds , etc and it would be little financial loss to say germany or france if hungary were to leave . 
  the uk has leverage which is why it has so many opt-outs in the first place . 
  it does n't need free movement of workers because its citizens are wealthy and could move to spain and other european countries through a legal migration program ( spain has no reason to decline migrants that do n't cost the state anything ) . 
  the uk can still import workers if there are shortages because people from other countries will apply to migrate to the uk legally . 
  we are net contributors meaning if we leave then every other country will end up getting less structural funds in the future . 
  we are also a very large player in the eu so our contributions are substantial and our absence would certainly reduce the power of the eu . 
  no it is n't . 
  this is a european subreddit about europe . 
  it 's largely populated by european people . 
  nobody even mentioned the us until you did . 
  why did you feel a need to mention the us ? 
  it 's entirely off-topic , if we were back in the age when most internet discussion boards actually had rules your post would have been removed for being spammy/off-topic . 
  in what way is the us even relevant to the topic ? 
  and how is it hypocrisy ? 
  did the person you reply to ever imply that american leaders do n't sometimes use the same tactics to consolidate power ? 
  if not then what makes you say he 's a hypocrite ... ? 
  just because someone does n't needlessly inject the us into every discussion does n't mean that they 're some america-worshipping jingoist . 
  if you have nothing useful to post other than `` what about x country '' , just do n't post . 
  give the eurozone its own seperate parliament for eurozone matters . 
  done . 
  why would you oppose such an idea unless you want to disadvantage the non-eurozone states in the eu ? 
  subsidising rents will just increase market rents so it will have zero effect . 
  landlords charge what they can get away with , now they can charge 30 % more and people will be able to pay it . 
  the only way to lower rents in big cities is to either make the city a shit place to live , or to increase the rate of house-building . 
  you ca n't magic away the issue of supply and demand . 
  rents are high in cities because people really want to live there . 
  if the government wants to account for the external costs of long commutes ( such as pollution ) they should increase the fuel tax , that 's what it 's there for ... 
  what banking regulations were opposed by the uk ? 
  other than the idiotic financial transaction tax , which was just an thinly veiled attempt at trying to siphon money from the uk/sweden and send it to the rest of the eu member states . 
  we 're ahead of the curve when it comes to bank regulation . 
  meanwhile in the eurozone you 're still propping up greece because you 're terrified of what chaos will be unleashed on banks such as germany 's deutsche bank if a greek default causes people to look closer at the banks assets . . 
  for once the germans might actually be right about this particular plant . 
  classic belgium , regular fires and cracks in the reactors and the belgian regulator decides that fixing things is n't a priority . . ? 
  what exactly do the belgian regulators spend their time doing then ? 
  unfortunately it 's a boy who cried wolf situation . 
  nobody trusts germany 's opinion on nuclear power because their recent policy on the matter has been utterly irrational and dictated purely by populism . 
  it 's a country ruled by a physicist which shut down its reactors after an earthquake in japan ... 
  it was just beyond parody . 
  surprise surprise , it 's mostly girls who are married at very young ages . 
  marrying girls at a very young age is endemic in the me . 
  it would be perhaps easier to wipe out this archaic tradition if it was n't for the fact that the founder of islam himself married a 6 year old girl ... give the girls asylum and deport the `` husbands '' . 
  and for christs sake , do n't allow family reunification in instances like this . 
  patriarchal culture is cancerous and young girls should be protected from their immoral relatives . 
  we should prioritize exploited children over perverted men .
