  welfare is n't the be all and end all . 
  some countries wo n't have any welfare to give , and the vast majority of refugees have no problem doing some work if it makes them better off . 
  the issue is where is the work ? 
  far-right parties have a history of financial ineptitude and embezzlement from their leaders , which is why banks do n't tend to lend to them unless there is a political motive ( like there is with state-controlled russian banks ) . 
  an organisation that tends to `` lose '' money without trace tends to be very bad at paying loans back . 
  with the establishment parties it 's not such a concern . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  democracy does n't come into it . 
  no party has a right to borrow money for its campaign . 
  fn has always been a big family affair so it 's no wonder that banks do n't trust the money to be kept within the party and not siphoned off by its leadership . 
  as you 've highlighted with your comment about sarkozy , foreign funding of politicians creates large conflicts of interest and really should n't be allowed at all , loans or gifts . 
  france should not play host to a proxy war between various nations around the world , they should determine their own future . 
  structural funds are in exchange for market access and to benefit european businesses in the long term . 
  i 'm sure german businesses would n't be too happy if the structural fund spending in poland stopped . 
  it means lost revenue for german businesses . 
  the structural funds are not in exchange for refugee quota 's ... solidarity is a meaningless emotional word . 
  nobody joined the eu for some self-congratulatory happy-club . 
  they joined the eu to get rich . 
  this quota exposes just how undemocratic the eu is . 
  4 countries voted against this . 
  4 independent , sovereign states want nothing to do with this policy . 
  they will be forced to take in people and keep them there as prisoners . 
  that 's a violation of their borders . 
  if i march into your home with 10 other like-minded people and `` vote '' that you should house 4 nearby homeless people , would you not have an issue with that ? 
  but tough shit , 10 people outvote 1 . 
  the only difference is the eu had the foresight to make countries sign away their rights a few decades ago , and so for them it 's actually legal to coerce countries into doing their bidding . . 
  but france has one of the highest numbers of millionaires in the world and its inequality just as bad as the uk 's and other developed nations ... france ( even under hollande ) has implemented austerity measures just like most countries because of falling tax receipts and increased social spending due to higher unemployment . 
  its lack of competitiveness paves the way for more inequality , not less . 
  you could argue that everyone being out of work means that we 're all more equal , but i doubt many would agree with that logic . . 
  does n't matter how benevolent a government is , it needs money to function . 
  generate growth = higher tax receipts = more social spending . 
  you ca n't sustain a welfare state with continuous 0 % growth , eventually the wheels will come off . 
  the courts in germany , sweden etc have ruled that migrants ca n't be sent back to countries like hungary due to human rights issues . 
  so it is de-facto suspended , even if the legislators think otherwise . 
  a law that is n't enforced and upheld by the courts is n't a law anymore , it 's just a guideline . 
  but they are n't applying for asylum in hungary ... 
  there is no legal way to force an individual to claim asylum in your country . 
  if they do n't want to claim asylum then you have 2 choices , either deport them or let them move on . 
  there is no 3rd option where you waterboard them until they claim asylum in hungary . 
  and now we see why the establishment have been so transparently pro-migration in this crisis . 
  cheap labour . 
  germany is the most dependant on cheap labour costs ( compared to the other developed nations in europe ) and that is why their media has been the most supportive of inviting millions of people in . 
  it has to be the greatest con in history for the wealthy elite to have managed to convince left wingers and centrists to support open borders . . 
  if you thought wage depression was bad already in germany you have n't seen anything yet . 
  well many people believe that if we just keep the borders open then the numbers of new migrants will increase and increase . 
  following this : large demographic changes will cause social unrest . 
  religion , race , culture , etc. 
  many countries do n't have strong enough job markets to absorb new workers . 
  wage depression is also a concern . 
  gender imbalances ( in particular large numbers of males ) cause a lot of social unrest . 
  i guarantee you that if it were only women and children illegally entering europe there would n't even be 1/100th of the panic that there is now . . 
  someone on this sub jokingly suggested that europe should only take in women refugees and it was actually very well received by people that were normally anti-immigrant . 
  many countries are still near bankruptcy and unable to support refugees . 
  many countries do n't even have a welfare state and the politicians are scared that they will be forced to take people in and ultimately give refugees more money than regular citizens get . 
  you simply ca n't justify to your own electorate why a refugee receives more help than a 35 year old hungarian national with 2 children . 
  housing shortages , not so much a concern in ee but still a problem in other parts of europe . 
  he 's not totalitarian . 
  he 's an authoritarian populist . 
  redrawing a few districts to favour your own party does not a dictator make , otherwise nearly every country is a dictatorship . 
  he 's little different to merkel in that he is a very `` good '' politician and very focused on power , his supporters call him a pragmatist but the reality is he 's just doing what people tell him to do . 
  if hungary 's electorate became far-left and demanded open borders he would be the at the border right now welcoming the migrants , he does n't have any actual principles . 
  different countries require different brands of populism , that 's all . 
  he 's not a dictator , just a politician that puts everything into staying in power . 
  not really ethnic , 90 % of blacks always vote for the democrat presidential candidate , and most of them have been white ... 
  even if republicans threw up a token black candidate they would still get next to 0 % of the black vote . 
  ethnic minorities as voters have just been completely ignored by the republican party and have therefore been captured by the democrats . 
  the republicans are redundant these days . 
  they 're a hard-right party in a world where centrism is becoming more popular , it 's no different to how the left wing parties in europe are struggling to maintain relevance . 
  the democrats are centre-right and they 're not complete loose cannons when it comes to foreign policy so why bother to vote for anyone else ? 
  most of iraq is safe ( if is went anywhere near the shiite dominated areas they 'd get tortured and killed by militia groups ) and somalia is getting safer . 
  those states are n't non-functional enough to justify fleeing halfway across the world with the intention to not return . 
  peace in iraq could probably be brokered if the iraqi government just started bribing the sunni militia groups again , all it needs is political will . 
  lots of countries have some instability , it does n't mean that it 's asylum-levels of instability . 
  mexico has instability and gang violence too , yet clearly mexicans ca n't claim asylum because most of their country is safe . 
  same with ukraine . 
  if most of the country is safe then you do n't have a case unless you 're a political refugee . 
  that 's the intended design though . 
  superpowers have no reason to be in the un if they can be dictated to by 100 irrelevant tiny states . 
  they will just end up leaving and then the un will have even less power because without the superpowers it wo n't get anything done at all . 
  how would a un resolution be enforced without america , russia , france , etc ? 
  the un only reflects the reality of the world . 
  smaller nations have as much power in the un as they do outside the un , very little . 
  veto rights are given to the countries that actually have the ability to enforce decisions . 
  the un is about maintaining the balance of power , not about empowering smaller states or empowering certain factions such as western states . 
  upsetting the balance is how you create conflict . 
  but it is . 
  europe has historically relied on brutal dictators ( who have no concept of human rights ) around its borders to keep things stable . 
  we relied on libya to keep african illegal migrants contained in africa . 
  gaddafi 's libya was doing things that would be against every one of our own human rights laws back when it was defending its border from african migrants . 
  did we complain ? 
  we rely on dozens of despots in the middle east to maintain stability in their own countries . 
  as we can see , many of these despots are on their way out which has caused massive movements of people . 
  we rely on horrible countries like eritrea having some semblance of border control to prevent their people flooding en-masse out of the country ( as many of them would head to europe if the state actually failed ) . 
  it 's no different to how china relies on the north korean government keeping nk stable , it does n't want to deal with millions of refugees flooding in from a failed state . 
  all of our current social stability is built on despots indirectly doing our dirty work for us . 
  we enjoy a sustainable welfare state because we allow other rulers to do things that do things that we are too idealistic to stomach . 
  people in saudi arabia do not have rights , people in eritrea do not have rights , people illegally trying to enter gaddafi 's libya had no rights . 
  extending our brand of human rights to the entire world is not sustainable . 
  that is the reality and that is how things work . 
  if everyone followed our human rights laws nothing would ever get done .
