  the reality is the sunni 's will never allow assad to rule them , especially as many sunni 's will fear reprisals for allowing is to control their towns . 
  unless you want to literally murder every kurd and sunni muslim in syria , there is no scenario in which assad can regain control of the country . 
  you imply that his view is less valid because he made a comment about the integration of current migrants in the uk ... 
  he literally gave his opinion on a hot topic and you 're trying to imply that he 's some sort of wingnut . 
  you are the problem with this subreddit . 
  let people have a discussion without trying to shout others down with personal attacks . 
  but portugal is n't refusing asylum to applicants ... that 's the point . 
  nobody is applying for asylum in portugal . 
  so how do you choose how much `` cost '' to deduct from portugal 's funds ? 
  you 'd have to create a fictional number of refugees that portugal is `` refusing to resettle '' out of thin air which would have no legitimacy . 
  portugal is costing germany and co exactly the same amount as saudi arabia , china , the us , etc are , 0 euros . 
  none of them are getting any asylum applications from syria either . 
  what are you going to do , invoice them all for not resettling refugees against their will ? 
  also i hope you realise that taking away countries structural funds/cap income is the fastest way to make the union disintegrate . 
  nobody actually cares about the european project , the eu is a way to get rich , nothing more . 
  if it no longer makes people rich then it 's of no use . 
  but the fact remains qe did not cause any significant inflation . 
  we have record low inflation currently ... 
  looks like germany and austria have decided to take a good cop , bad cop approach to the migrant crisis . 
  it 's strange for a country that never usually does anything on the world stage to suddenly become so outspoken . 
  that 's 2 inflammatory comments in just a week from the austrians . 
  if there 's one thing worse than a superpower dictating to you it 's a 2-bit client state trying to dictate to you on behalf of its master . 
  i suppose that 's how europe feels about the uk at times too . 
  not quite sure how they envisage this plan working out well for them but oh well . 
  blackmailing countries into submission is not going to work out very well , especially when you 're trying to blackmail countries like the uk or the eastern countries . 
  and i doubt that merkel has the ability to ride in as the good cop in a few weeks time and magic a deal out of thin air . 
  it turns out that defaulting on your debt 15 years ago and having a credit rating lower than poland 's has at least one `` advantage '' . 
  russia has a low debt-to-gdp ratio because noone in their right minds would lend them money at reasonable interest rates . 
  meanwhile the us essentially gets paid to borrow and spend money . 
  in addition to the fact that turkey clearly does not meet the eu 's own criteria for visa free travel ( lets face it , we will see a massive increase in illegal migration by turks over-staying . . it 's bad enough as it is ) , what people object to is the visa-free travel for turkey potentially being shoved through the council on qmv and certain countries that voted against it will be forced to comply , i.e. 
  sovereign countries will be forced against their will to let people into their country without any visa checks . 
  qmv for decisions like this is fundamentally undemocratic when you consider what the eu actually is . 
  the eu is not a federation and it must never become one in its current state . 
  every member state must retain its ability to block things that its electorate wishes to block . 
  of course giving the eu itself more powers ( i.e. 
  get rid of the council and just allow parliament to pass legislation with a 51 % majority ) would allow it to get more done because it would be able to more easily disregard the opinion of half of the union when making any decisions . 
  but that 's not a solution to this crisis any more than drinking bleach is a cure for cancer . . look at how much unrest has already been caused in europe by politicians ignoring a sizeable minority 's opinions on immigration , free trade , etc as it is . 
  the establishment can not keep ignoring a sizeable minority on the basis that `` we have 51 % already so who cares about the others '' . . disenfranchise whole countries and you 'd break the union apart . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're a deliberately over-exaggerated satirical german caricature or if you 're actually serious . 
  what next , are you going to give your opinions on the merits of 500 euro notes and how personal and corporate bankruptcy should be abolished ? 
   you could give a thousand people their yearly wage with the price of one house . 
  which would then cause massive inflation in their local area , ruining local businesses for generations . 
  something tells me the subject of international aid is not your strong point , so why comment on it ? 
  this is priceless , a german lecturing the uk on how it fucked up palestine . . 
  if germany had n't tried to exterminate every single jew in europe then they would n't have had such a burning desire to create a jewish state in the first place . 
  i realise that the desire for a jewish state predates the holocaust but it was never such an emotive , burning issue until after 1945 . 
  the uk did fuck-all in palestine , we had a mandate to keep the peace which ultimately failed because there was absolute nutcase extremists on the palestinian side and there were also nutcases on the zionist side . 
  we were caught in the middle and had no chance of fending them off . 
  when 2 groups want the same land and have no intention of negotiating then there is n't anything anyone else can do to resolve things . 
  were the zionists not an endangered species at the time they would have been much easier to negotiate with . 
  instead some of them took to bombing hotels and trying to out-compete the arabs at terrorism . 
  when half of your people are dead because some idiot has tried to exterminate you all , you tend to become a lot more extreme and less willing to share or negotiate . 
  visa free travel should be based on security and the rate at which people from the country in question abscond ( i.e. 
  how often they stay on illegally at their destination country ) us citizens that come to europe on holiday do not tend to abscond and stay on illegally . 
  this is why they have visa-free travel here . 
  meanwhile there are many countries in eastern europe where they have a very high rate of absconding when their citizens go to the us . 
  the us is only following its own rules , if countries do n't meet the requirements for visa free travel then tough shit . 
  it 's for the governments in question to sort their own citizens out so that in future they can meet the requirements . 
  if you want visa-free travel then start convincing your citizens to follow the law when they go to the us in future . 
  there is nothing to negotiate and frankly merkel has little influence in this seeing as germany already has visa free travel with the us . 
  the problem is other countries in the union whose citizens abscond too much . 
  visa free travel with turkey was a massive mistake , why should america copy such a self-destructive policy ? 
  we will see massive increases in illegal migration in europe due to turks over-staying illegally , the reality is they do not meet the requirements for visa-free travel here and should not have been given it . 
  the eu has no need to get itself involved in this , it 's an internal matter for the member states that do not yet have visa-free travel to resolve by themselves . 
  structure the agreement in a better way and sure , why not . 
  the 1-for-1 resettlement turkey agreement rewards them for allowing as many migrants as possible to illegally leave turkey in the first place so that they can then take them all back , which is ridiculous . 
  at least libya will be easier to negotiate with as it 's in a weaker position . 
  the added bonus is that the libyan leadership probably wo n't care if our comedians satirize them . . we should pay libya x amount per year , the majority to be spent on border control and internal security and for every migrant that illegally reaches our shores from libya we should deduct y amount from that payment . 
  allow it to go into the negatives if necessary . 
  that will create a great incentive for them to absolutely lock down their end of the border and clamp down on any people smugglers illegally operating there . 
  money is a great incentive even for corrupt and dysfunctional governments . 
  no resettlement rubbish and no visa-free travel for millions of random people . 
  we ca n't give handouts to every government that asks but we do of course need to understand that border control costs money and the libyan government has no reason to do our dirty work unless it 's worth their while . 
  if the new libyan government can do a good job it should be paid accordingly . 
  if they do n't do a good job then stop the funds . 
  of course this all assumes that the new national unity government will actually be able to control libya and that it wo n't just fall to islamists in a couple of months/years time like the last transitional government did . . 
  nonsense . 
  in most countries police ( and prosecutors ) have discretion and it 's acceptable to use it . 
  many laws that are on the books are not enforced , or are selectively enforced . 
  otherwise i could just go kill some welshmen at noon with my bow and arrow and be acquitted of all charges because `` a law from 500 years ago says i can do it '' ... 
  many people would call this common sense . 
  italy 's police can barely handle actual organised criminals , i very much doubt their police has the time or energy to arrest comedians and other enemies of turkey . . an individual who leads a major political party should not be arrested for low level crimes like this . 
  who the hell signed off on it ? 
  in other first world countries the authorities always tread very carefully with politically-sensitive cases like this because otherwise you get a massive mess further down the line . 
  imagine how idiotic things would be if the french police arrested le pen every time she said something that could be construed as offensive ... what sort of message does it send to turkey that the german government prioritizes erdogan over german political representatives ? 
  he 's going to end up extorting more money from you because your government has placed your country in such a weak and subservient position . 
  not every country takes such a literal interpretation of its laws . 
  germany is special in that its people are heavily sceptical of the authorities using discretion rather than applying the law as it 's written . 
  politically you 're a very inflexible country whereas in italy the entire system is infamously flexible at all levels . 
  two polar opposites which both create absolute messes . . you ultimately have the right to vote for whatever politicians you like and arrest yourselves for whatever rubbish you can dream up , but when your laws start hitting actual opposition candidates who want to change your country surely that has to be considered as over-stepping the line ? 
  drop the charges and use some common sense . 
  leaders of developed , democratic countries do not sue or prosecute people for insulting them , even if the insults are libellous . 
  they perhaps legally could , but it 's generally accepted that it would be seen as an abuse of power so they do n't do it . 
  there would be exceptions to this unwritten rule if a false story majorly damaged a leaders reputation , i.e. 
  if it were so serious that it caused a resignation . 
  this erdogan shit obviously does not fall under that criteria . 
  obama could fill the courts up with thousands of cases in his own country where people have outright lied about who he is and attempted to damage his reputation . 
  he could fill up the courts in germany with similar people who have made fun of him and outright made things up about him . 
  but he does n't because he 's not a complete idiot . 
  the german law against insulting foreign leaders is only going to be used by despots and morons because noone else in their right mind would waste their time trying to prosecute a comedian in another country .
