  greece has an unsustainable debt level , it needs a large haircut , simple as that . 
  other countries do not have unsustainable debt levels which is why the other piigs have come out of the bailout schemes without too much damage done . 
  those are the facts , politically it 's slightly more difficult . 
  given that merkel has proved herself to be extremely adept at `` convincing '' the rest of europe to agree to various hair-brained schemes i 'm sure she would have no problem convincing them to agree to an actual realistic write-off plan . 
  the only reason she wo n't lead on this issue is because the german public do n't want to accept the basic realities of how over-indebtedness works . 
  segregation has never prevented racist behaviour ... 
  it just allows people to pretend that the problem does n't exist because it 's easier to ignore things that are happening far away from them . 
  do you think the neo-nazi football fans wo n't still be yelling racist chants at the black fans/footballers ? 
  segregation will just make the mob mentality worse . 
  whether it 's pre-civil rights america , current refugee camps , gulf states and their segregation of migrant workers , or ethnic ghetto 's in the west , de-facto segregation always increases tension between the different groups and does n't really prevent racist behaviour . 
  the initial uprisings/protests were nothing to do with us , it was motivated by economic factors inside the arab countries themselves . 
  you ca n't surely deny that rising food prices , crop failures and mass youth unemployment caused the arab spring movement in the me ? 
  at some point you do have to accept that the west is n't actually directly controlling every event in the world , we do n't actually have complete control over things you know . 
  internal protests and unrest will always occur eventually in any country ruled by a brutal dictator . 
  all we did is pick a faction to back after things disintegrated in libya and syria . 
  the civil wars had already started before we made a move , as funnily enough most people do n't take too kindly to their city being shelled by their own governments tanks . 
  islamism is not a creation of the west ... and iran itself has its own brand of islamism ( you do know the iranian political system is islamist right ? ), 
  you only have to look at lebanon or yemen to see the radical shiite branch of islam in action . 
  our unholy alliance with saudi and co is of course a big problem but they would be spreading their wahhabism with or without us being their allies . 
  again , we do n't actually control the world . 
  shia-sunni rivalry is again not a creation of the west . 
  it has existed for over 1000 years and has always been a cause of infighting and conflict between muslims . 
  iraq is clearly the fault of the invading countries , but to blame everything else that happens in the me on the west is just intellectual laziness . 
  beware of extrapolating population numbers , it 's about as scientific as throwing a dart at a dartboard to predict how many migrants will arrive next year . 
  ireland 's migrant groups are mostly poles , chinese , brits , americans , etc. 
  economic migrants from countries with strong work ethics that may actually end up contributing to the coffers rather than draining them . 
  ireland is n't stupid , it obtained migration opt-outs for a reason . 
  they wanted the full amount of what they had deposited into the banks . . what 's wrong with that ? 
  iceland wanted to effectively steal a large proportion of the foreign depositors money so that it could give it to its own people . 
  they were prioritizing icelandic depositors over foreign depositors . 
  you can be sure that if the uk or usa tried to shaft foreign customers in this way it would cause massive global financial collapse and possible war . 
  i agree with him , the authorities should put him in general pop rather than solitary confinement . 
  make him sit with a muslim prison gang ( or any other gangs that hate the far-right ) and see how long he lasts . 
  the problem will quickly be solved with 1 less waste of space to pay for . 
  the case was brought up again by so-called anti-racism groups rather than the government . 
  and somehow even the prosecutor says she should be acquitted . . classic case of an archaic and confusing legal system being mis-used by far-left activist groups that have become obsessed with identity politics in recent years . 
  le pen will only gain popularity from the court case and it 's a massive own goal for the activist groups who have brought her to trial . 
  but germany is also run by a populist ( although merkel is a more friendly populist because the german public generally have less harsh views ) , so it 's not as if the eu can go around overthrowing elected governments just for being populist ... you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either you overthrow populist regimes or you do n't . 
  you ca n't just implement regime change in so-called `` uncivilized '' countries like hungary but ignore rampant populism in the more developed nations . 
  this is n't the german empire . 
  the government gets its mandate from the public . 
  without public support they are nothing , they have no legitimacy and no real power . 
  even in a dictatorship this is true to a lesser extent . 
  no government rules by divine right anymore . 
  they rely on the consent of the people that they govern . 
  it 's one thing to bail out the banks to save the global economy ( most of which has now been paid back ) , it 's quite another to invite millions of resource-draining people into the continent , causing financial woes for national and local governments , as well as social cohesion issues for decades to come . 
  what orban is saying is that the eu member state 's decisions on the migrant crisis does not have the backing of the general public of the eu . 
  nobody recently elected a government with a manifesto promise of inviting thousands of illegal migrants into the country . 
  no political party campaigned on implementing migration quota 's during a general election . 
  several countries even voted against the quota but were overruled due to qmv . 
  that 's several countries that have just been completely disregarded by the so-called democratic process . 
  they are being dictated to by the rest of the eu . 
  where 's the democratic legitimacy there ? 
  what does snow have to do with it ? 
  the government does n't control snowfall . 
  handling migration is one of the governments main jobs , if it ca n't do it adequately then it needs to sort itself out fast . 
  the reality is you are running out of accommodation for migrants and you do not have the resources to teach the new arrivals german or spend money on other programs to integrate them into wider society . 
  it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  you 're in the wrong sub to circlejerk about how great trump is . 
  just so you know ... nobody here wants to be reminded how intellectually bankrupt american politics is becoming . 
  look at how dysfunctional india is . 
  democracies tend to have a poor track record of making decisions when the population of a country is too large . 
  the larger the country the more likely for there to be chronic polarisation and splits . 
  many chinese believe that open elections would give rise to populism and point-scoring which would negatively affect the ability for the country to run itself . 
  simply put they fear politicians prioritizing getting re-elected over what 's best for the country 's long term prospects . 
  china does have a large corruption problem but it 's nothing compared to the corruption in india and south america , despite china being far less democratic . 
  right now china is a developing country and it needs a firm hand at the wheel to ensure that it advances to become a developed nation . 
  some would say that creating large-scale instability and change could set the country back a long way . 
  not saying it 's right or wrong , but there are reasons why some people do n't support a western-style democracy in china . 
  imagine the clusterfuck of 1 billion people voting in a government , or just look at india to see what it 's actually like . 
  it 's democratic in the same way that someone with a gun to their head will vote to give all of their money to the burglar . 
  just because someone `` votes '' to do something does n't mean anything if that decision was made under severe coercion . 
  this is no different to how any regional power manages its vassal-states . 
  putin visits belarus and tells the belarus government what it will do when it comes to matters that are relevant to russia . 
  merkel visits estonia and tells the estonian government that it will agree to a refugee quota . 
  at some point some politician in the vassal state will vote things through and it will appear as if the democratic process is working without issue . 
  there 's always the implicit threat of `` consequences '' if the vassal state does n't follow the instructions . 
  it 's not democratic , regional powers have always relied on bullying and coercing weaker states into agreeing to things that are not in their own interests . 
  germany is riding the wave of the migrant crisis to boost its economic growth , depress wages and re-balance its population pyramid . 
  everyone caught in the cross-fire is just collateral damage . 
  these decisions do not have the consent of the general public . 
  the fact that some spineless politicians have decided to sell their respective country 's down the river is irrelevant and does not give these decisions legitimacy . 
  if you want an example that 's relevant to germany , think back to schroeder 's time as chancellor . 
  when it came to certain areas he was essentially a puppet for russia who made all kinds of questionable decisions that enriched gazprom and co at the expense of the german public . 
  after he left office he gets a job at gazprom !, 
  do you think he was acting on behalf of the people while in office or was he at times perhaps taking orders from a more powerful country ? 
  blackmail and extortion are powerful tools against politicians , as well as the current fear in europe over being seen as anti-immigrant aka nazi . 
  it took months to shove the quota through on qmv , and during that time the germans and their puppets the austrians were lobbing out every single threat they could in public towards other member states . 
  what do you think they were saying behind closed doors to other leaders ? 
  and it was 4 voted against , ( that 's 4 sovereign , independent nations that will now be forced to take in migrants against their will ) . 
  3 countries have opt-outs and have decided to either choose to participate or not , so they never had a horse in the race to begin with . 
  poland only voted for it because it was their current governments way of taking a farewell-shit on the table before being booted out of office . 
  finland abstained before their politicians are completely spineless . 
  france is again run by a completely spineless politician that at this point just follows germany 's orders . 
  i do n't buy this idea that the politicians who made the decision represent european opinion . 
  we see the anti-immigrant right wing rising in every country , how could this be happening if there is n't some serious growing support for anti-immigrant ideas ? 
  but the whole reason you suspended dublin was because your courts are not allowing you to deport illegals to hungary and other so-called `` uncivilized '' countries due to human rights etc. 
  germany ca n't send these people back , its own judges have said so . 
  do you want to be in contempt of court by sending the migrants back to austria ?
