  france is in the same position the uk was in the 70s . 
  it 's only a matter of time before things fall apart . 
  the unions would be better served going the german route of accepting some reforms in order to maintain a decent level of employment . 
  if the unions bite off more than they can chew they will find themselves powerless and most of their members will get utterly screwed by the government by the reforms . 
  if the unions compromise then at least they will continue to have some level of control over the situation in the future which is obviously better for the workers . 
  labour market reforms will happen , it 's just a question of how many burned cars and far-left violent protests will it take to break the camel 's back . 
  the unions should compromise because it 's in their own best interests . 
  democracy does n't mean much if you 're a completely broke country . 
  just ask greece and how their last referendum went . 
  failed states do n't have a democracy , they just get dictated to by everyone else . 
  it 's in peoples interests to avoid things getting to that point . 
  i mean what do you think will happen if hollande fails to push these reforms through ? 
  the next president will try the same reforms to save his country from certain doom and it will fail again . 
  this will repeat until france eventually is pushed to the brink and elects a batshit insane right-winger who fucks every worker and union as hard as he/she can . 
  you 'd have to be utterly mad not to see the writing on the wall . 
  your comparison is incomplete . 
  imagine if your father lent you that money , not gave you it , and therefore you have to pay it back . 
  because he wants to avoid accusations of favouritism from his other children he gives you some fairly strict re-payment terms on this debt . 
  furthermore he also drags his neighbour mr imf into things and forces him to lend you 25 % of the money . 
  mr imf runs an investment fund and many of his clients are from the poorest parts of the world . 
  normally he would n't lend to such hopeless cases such as yourself but because he has personal connections with your family he agrees to lend his clients money to you . 
  unfortunately you could never afford such an expensive motorcycle in the first place and you 're stuck living in a crappy area with no work except crappy seasonal jobs . 
  so you fail to pay your debt again . 
  to protect his family from shame your father lends you money to pay back his old loan but keeps you on the same repayment terms . 
  he also drags mr imf into things again for no reason whatsoever and forces him to cough up more money to you . 
  and so on and so on . 
  until someone accepts that this farce is n't going to end until debt relief is given or greece defaults . 
  lagarde should be fired for prioritizing her beloved euro over the concerns of the other imf members . 
  in what world does it make sense for poland , ghana , nigeria etc to bail out you for buying a motorcycle that you never needed ? 
  in this example it 's clear that your family should deal with your inability to pay your own debts and you should stop involving other bystanders in this farce . 
  that is part of the reason why germany got debt relief , but another reason germany got debt relief was because it was the first country in the modern age to completely throw its toys out of the pram over a centuries old tradition , i.e. 
  the loser of a war pays reparations and cedes territory to the winner . 
  france paid reparations after it lost the franco-prussian war , every country that lost a war in the last 1000 years paid reparations to the winner up until the post-ww2 age . 
  that system fell apart because germany willfully refused to pay after ww1 . 
  germany broke the system . 
  the americans knew that the age of european dominance was over and so they took charge of the situation and applied their own methods . 
  the eurozone would benefit from shoring up greece too . 
  if you want to challenge the dollar 's dominance you have to be willing to throw some money at it . 
  but nobody wants to help their fellow eurozone member because greece is weak and can be pushed around easily , nobody respects a weak and incompetently run country . 
  if greece as a country had half as much balls as germany does it could do something equally as impactful as germany did . 
  greece has ( or had ) the power to hold the eurozone to ransom and it did n't take it . 
  if germany was in the position greece is now it would n't hesitate to throw the rest of europe off a cliff in order to force an endgame . 
  many criminal gangs have migrated west too . 
  they might be a minority compared to the usual beggars and pickpockets ( largely because of the sheer number of pickpockets/beggars that come over here . . ) but they 're still drawn to cities like london because there 's so much more to steal . 
  romanians are top of the list when it comes to fraud convictions and burglary when you look at foreign convicts in the uk . 
  in particular they seem to have taken a liking for armed robberies of shops . 
  murder is n't so much a problem , but that 's because we 're very compliant so there 's simply no need to murder anyone to get what you want . 
  areas with low crime are easy to move into without much resistance from local criminals . 
  in other news drink driving incidents in poland have probably decreased too , while we see more drink driving incidents and deaths here . 
  if you think the us is unwilling to continue to stabilise europe then you 're sorely mistaken . 
  of course it 's a strong populist move domestically to say `` europe should defend itself and we should stop subsidising them '' but no serious politician or senior advisor in the us would support pulling back from europe . 
  europe has a tendency to disintegrate whenever you leave it to its own devices and your politicians know this full well . 
  this is why nato spending targets are never enforced . 
  europe is the oldest game in town and it 's still a very important part of the world , even if other regions are becoming more important to the us . 
  expanding nato is an easy way of expanding us influence and power . 
  of course the us likes to do some gentle diplomatic nudges to ask europe to pay more for its defence but it 's never actually going to go anywhere further . 
  the us is never going to willfully going to give up its status as a superpower , it 's what makes your borrowing so cheap and gives you such strong influence over other nations which benefit your own corporations . 
  you would be very stupid to cut spending abroad just to become isolationist because pretty quickly your borrowing costs would rise , your corporations would lose out on new contracts and make less money and your tax collection would drop like a rock . 
  the establishment politicians are banking on the anti-immigration right being run by utter buffoons with no clue of how to run a country so that when these people do actually get into power they fuck everything up and get voted out , leaving the establishment parties to continue running the country with an open-borders policy , much to the delight of the large businesses that bankroll the establishment parties . 
  people will tolerate a poor immigration policy as long as most other government services appear to function correctly . 
  there 's a good 50 years before the demographic time bomb explodes so there 's still plenty of time for the establishment politicians to devalue peoples wages further and drain as much money as possible before retiring to the bahamas . 
  they are hoping that the rise of the anti-immigrant right is just a blip that will fade away once these parties actually get a whiff of power . 
  to be honest when you look at how badly fpo did when they were last in power or how finlands `` true finns '' did once they got into power , the establishment are probably going to end up winning this bet ... another example is france 's fn who ca n't even manage their own party 's finances , if they ever got into power they would fuck things up so bad that it would make hollande look like a financial wizard by comparison , which would tarnish the anti-immigration side across europe for a long time . 
  what europe needs is a component set of politicians who refuse to be bribed by the big businesses that have been the driving force between large-scale immigration . 
  unfortunately it 's difficult to find a politician that is incorruptible , let alone a whole party of them . 
  germany is really too powerful a country to exist , giving it even more power by allowing it to expand would be ridiculous . 
  ever since its creation it 's upset the balance of power in europe and caused a lot of unrest amongst the rest of europe . 
  we can see with the recent refugee crisis that people still fear german dominance just as they did 100-150 years ago . 
  there 's a reason why world powers have chipped away at germany 's territory and only allowed reunification in exchange for germany joining the euro and committing to further european integration . 
  after ww2 western policy has always been aimed at keeping germany 's power as limited as possible . 
  we 're just not very good at it . 
  imperialism ? 
  the world intervened because the people in the balkans could n't stop killing each other . 
  we would n't have to appoint `` dictators '' ( who frankly do n't have enough power and do n't use their powers enough ) in that region if the locals did n't commit genocide against each other . 
  giving complete democracy to countries dominated by ethnic or religious division is a recipe for disaster . 
  see iraq for a recent example . 
  the only way bosnia functions is because of outside influence and carefully crafted peace deals with necessitate a limitation in absolute democracy , without it the country would disintegrate again . 
  bosnia does n't deserve representation in the eu any more than the phillipines deserves representation in the usa . 
  just because one country is protected by a stronger country does not entitle them to political representation within the stronger country ... 
  you 'd probably get a higher multiplier effect from hiring people to build walls and knock them down again . 
  does n't mean we should do it because it 's quite literally a waste of money . 
  the idea that many refugees will actually earn enough to pay any income tax is utterly ludicrous . 
  there is also no shortage of unskilled labour because the eu provides an infinite number of cheap labourers anyway . 
  all that would happen is a further devaluing of wages for the working and lower-middle classes . 
  the unemployment rate for iraqi 's , afghans and somali 's in europe speak for themselves . 
  culturally they are not very good at adapting to a western job market and the stats prove this . 
  the report goes on to say that we should recognize syrian qualifications and fast-track people to become doctors and pharmacists based on dodgy diploma 's obtained in a 3rd world education establishment . 
  i do n't even need to go into how utterly irresponsible that would be . . 
  when people start dying to dodgy doctors who are plain not qualified to practice in this country who will pay the compensation to the patients ? 
  the taxpayer of course , the same mug that pays for every fuck-up the do-gooders create . 
  the uae has extremely tight border control . 
  any emirati coming here on visa free travel is going to be actually from the uae , rich and with a lot to lose . 
  they are therefore unlikely to commit terror attacks and there 's obviously no risk of them absconding and causing longer term problems . 
  having said that it is only a matter of time before some gulf arab terror group comes over here and commits a terror attack . 
  it just has n't happened yet . 
  terrorists are n't the smartest bunch , it takes them decades to figure something like this out . 
  just because our governments have made one potentially stupid decision does not mean they should make another stupid decision just to be seen as `` fair '' ... 
  meanwhile in turkey you have pretty much no border control currently due to the destabilized warzone next-door . 
  the point is we know that is can get their militants into turkey , and not just a few but hundreds . 
  and you know this as well .
