  russia should get rid of assad and we need to get rid of some of the worst figures on the rebels side too , it would make a peace deal more likely . 
  right now nearly every faction is led by power-hungry war criminals which is n't a good thing for anyone . 
  how do you expect european workers to cope when they inevitably see massive reductions in their wages or lose their jobs altogether , as their employers would prefer to replace them with migrant workers who can work for 10 cents an hour ? 
  it 's all fun and games if you 're in a highly qualified position and do n't have to worry about competition from unskilled migrant workers , but if you 're part of the working or lower-middle class you would get utterly fucked by policies such as this . 
  the minimum wage exists for a reason . 
  why even have it at all if you 're just going to make certain ethnic groups exempt from it . . 
  if it comes down to a choice between ensuring our own citizens have work and decent pay or ensuring foreign migrants have work and decent pay , then it 's clear where our priorities should be . 
  politicians are elected to represent their electorate , not the entire world . 
  if assad wanted to flee he likely would have been able to , it 's not as if the us has the ability to stop a syrian plane flying to moscow carrying assad and his family . 
  assad is a power-hungry despot that has no intention of stepping down , ever . 
  that 's why we have this massive civil war in the first place , he refused to implement reforms or step down when the protests began . 
  the only way he steps down is if russia ( his paymaster ) orders him to do so . 
  diplomacy with russia is the only real way to of removing assad , we ca n't just invade syria because it will put us in a direct conflict with another nuclear power . 
  the middle east has been fighting amongst themselves for thousands of years , even back when we in europe were burning witches . 
  no dictator rules forever and they 're all going to fall ( and be replaced by other despots ) eventually . 
  ultimately if you try to prop up the dictator you get the syrian civil war ( assad would be gone by now if he did n't have russia 's backing ) . 
  if you try to oust the dictator you get the libyan civil war a few years down the line . 
  there is n't anything we could have done that would have prevented these conflicts . 
  if you think things are bad now wait until countries like egypt and saudi arabia disintegrate . 
  we 'll desperately back the despots that rule those countries until their last breath but at some point their regimes will fall and there wo n't be a thing we can do about it other than direct military intervention ( which people will then complain about , naturally ) . 
   you do n't get downvoted into oblivion for a pro brexit opinion have you seen the vote totals in this thread ? 
  some of the more prominent pro-brexit posters are in the negatives on nearly every comment here ... 
  it 's ridiculous that comments on 1 side of the argument are -5 or -10 while comments of equal quality on the other side sit at +20 . 
  reddits voting system creates echo chambers , i do n't understand how you can claim that there is no echo chamber here . 
  people are patting themselves on the back because they read an article that confirms their bias and have accepted it as definitive fact . 
  it does n't get much more smug and self-congratulating than that . 
  if this is n't an echo chamber then what is ? 
  it 's an silly what-if because nobody would ever demand such a thing anyway . 
  polish and irish catholics are n't demanding a catholic court to handle their civil complaints , even though our court service is literally named after our queen , the head of the protestant church of england . 
  why is everyone else capable of accepting our laws and happy to use our court services ( despite religious/cultural differences ) but not some muslims are not ... ? 
  the reality is if some catholics started setting up dodgy religious `` councils '' to settle disputes we would be pretty dumbfounded by it . 
  there is nothing wrong with how uk law functions and we are in fact one of the best places in the world to settle civil disputes . 
  if new arrivals do n't like that why are they even here ? 
  but the queen holds no real power , parliament has held the real power in the uk for hundreds of years . 
  the supreme leader of iran holds a lot of power , he and his unelected friends essentially decide which politicians get to run for office and which do n't . 
  election rigging is also prevalent . 
  the unelected parts of the iranian government hold power over the elected parts . 
  it 's not a democracy any more than china or morocco is . 
  the change from ahmedinejad to the more friendly rouhani was approved by and essentially orchestrated by khomenei who saw that iran had to start back-pedalling and get the sanctions removed to prevent unrest . 
  the mexican illegals actually work though . 
  meaning they end up contributing more to the state than they take , especially as the us has less government provided services that illegals can use . 
  if these mexicans all claimed asylum and leeched from the state for years on end you would be singing a different tune . 
  this is why people say politicians are out of touch . 
  increase gas taxes ( which disproportionately hit the working poor and lower-middle classes ) to pay for millions of new arrivals that do little except cost the state billions per year . 
  i 'm sure the truck drivers in particular will appreciate their operating costs increasing when they already face massive financial costs from migrants in calais trying to break into their trucks on a daily basis . 
  the working/middle classes are pissed off enough as it is with immigration due to culture clashes , lack of integration , job competition , high rates of welfare receipt amongst some immigrant groups , etc. 
  schauble ca n't seriously think that this idea is politically viable . . 
  even if he claims that the purpose of this levy is to increase border security , it is n't going to do down well with anyone . 
  current revenues should be more than sufficient to pay for border control . 
  if we are to take in millions of migrants then the tax should be placed on the large businesses that have encouraged this wave and stand to benefit from the depressed wages that the migrants will cause . 
  i do n't understand how the eu does n't have money for frontex when it pisses away so much money every year on paying farmers to keep their fields empty . 
  cut the farmers subsidies and start spending the money on real border control . 
  why do grown adult men need a babysitter ... ? 
  especially when it 's a group of people who are perfectly capable of making sure that the few idiots in the group are kept in line and not allowed to harass women . 
  what will happen when/if these people are granted asylum ? 
  do they get their own personal minder to help them understand western customs and ensure that they do n't go back to their old ways ? 
  we 're just too soft . 
  we should only consider asylum applications from people that are already familiar with western culture and way of life . 
  there are millions of urbanized people in developing countries who practically already live a western lifestyle and could potentially live a productive life in europe . 
  instead we waste our time with people that have no hope of fitting in here . 
  but the reason you have such a low birth rate is because you are all chronically underpaid and underemployed which means noone can afford to have kids ... 
  your pursuit of massive trade surpluses is one of the things that is causing your low birth rates . 
  you ca n't be the japan of europe forever , you need to actually join the real world at some point otherwise your unsustainable system will implode and there wo n't be any solvent states left to bail you out . 
  on the other hand look at what happened in egypt during the revolution . 
  collogne-style gang-rapes were common place in tahrir square during the uprising and egypt has long had one of the highest real incidents of rape in the world . 
  meanwhile their police systematically ignores rape which causes egypt to appear to have one of the lowest `` crime rates '' for sex-related crimes in the world . 
  it 's a country with a deep-seated misogynist culture and a justice system that completely ignores rape as a problem . 
  it 's not as if `` democratic '' morsi was doing anything about the culture of misogyny that plagues egypt , instead preferring to ban bikini 's in order to please the religious hard-liners ... egypt is screwed and the best we can hope for is that its rulers can at least keep most of the country stable . 
  the only faction that could challenge the military are the islamists and i do hope we have learned by now not to back these nutcases , no matter what promises they give us . 
  the us has had problems with terrorism ( of the right wing lone white guy variety ) for many years so it 's no longer newsworthy . 
  france has only recently seen a surge in terror attacks in the past few years so it 's more newsworthy . 
  we do n't report much on afghan suicide bombings either . 
  it is the responsibility of the company itself to declare all state aid it receives to the ec . 
  if it does n't do that it has noone to blame but itself when it inevitably gets invoiced for the illegal state aid that it 's received . 
  i do n't understand what sane person does not realise that these preferential tax discounts are state aid ? 
  a company is being given money by the government for free in the form of a tax discount and every other company in that same industry does not get that same discount . 
  it 's state aid . 
  it 's not an edge case , it 's absolutely clear cut . 
  the only reason people are whining is because the ec has only recently started enforcing the law . 
  everyone involved knows these rules exist , everyone knew this from the start , the rules were just being will-fully ignored by the national governments and the big businesses who hoped that the ec would not have the balls to enforce actual laws . 
  i 'm sorry but if i murder someone and then get arrested in 5 years time i do n't get to complain about the government being too slow to investigate me and i do n't get to use the excuse of `` uncertainty '' of not knowing whether it 's ok to murder someone or not ... 
  there are no retroactive laws being applied here , this is just the enforcement of existing laws that all eu member states have agreed to . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  look at how the eastern bloc countries grew since the 90s . 
  the countries that joined the eu have done very well , romania in particular is making fast progress and poland has essentially leapfrogged ukraine in the last 20 years , despite being dominated by shit politicians . 
  those that did n't join the eu are stuck with gdp per capita 's lower than many african countries ... 
  the eu is the only game in town if you 're a developing country that wants to see serious economic growth . 
  russia is an economic dwarf and has never been able to match the per-capita wealth of western europe . 
  the right wing establishment have always been in favour of mass migration , it means cheaper labour costs for the businesses that bankroll the party . 
  the only objections to mass migration tend to come from the middle and working class voters and not from the establishment itself . 
  merkel is a populist first and a right wing politician second . 
  when someone changes their viewpoint on a weekly basis due to changes in opinion polls , changes in the winds , changes in political trends , can they really be said to have any actual concrete political opinions ( the only bizarre exception being her staunch opposition to gay marriage ) ? 
  merkel will do and say whatever will generate the least amount of controversy while advancing the interests of herself and her party . 
  raping defenceless women is slightly worse than staging a nude protest ... or do you subscribe to the taliban style of morality where women having rights is equally as shameful as someones wife being raped ? 
  we always complain that the political left are prioritizing identity politics instead of confronting and criticizing islam . 
  now that a genuine far leftist takes a stand against one of the most depraved and sexist cultures in the world it 's still not good enough for some people . 
  we should be encouraging everyone from all political wings and viewpoints to confront the issues caused by culture clashes , regardless of how they choose to protest , it all counts and raises awareness . 
  all jihadists are either 2nd/3rd generation migrants or they are heavily influenced by migrants . 
  like it or not radical islam is not an organic french movement ... 
  it comes from immigration .
