  give turkey visa-free travel and there 's nothing stopping these militants coming here too , it 's not as if it 's going to be difficult for these people to bribe turkish officials into giving them a turkish passport and hopping on a plane to enjoy visa-free travel . 
  we have enough dodgy terrorists in europe already , why potentially invite more ? 
  turkey does n't even meet the requirements for visa-free travel anyway so it 's not as if we 're being unreasonable here . 
  it 's time to take border control more seriously , not less . 
  that 's not what dictator means . 
  merkel is a machiavellian politician who knows how to keep control of her party and has a strong instinct of when she should u-turn . 
  she might share some skills and traits that some dictators have but she is n't a dictator . 
  she 's just exceptionally talented at holding and maintaining power , in particular she is very good at preventing internal party revolts/challenges . 
  which is practically a requirement for any `` successful '' leader if they want to rule for longer than 6 months . 
  she 's about as democratic as a politician can get . 
  she has no opinions of her own and will u-turn at a moments notice when the opinion polls go the wrong way . 
  if anything she 's an argument against democracy being too strong . 
  sometimes you need a leader who can make unpopular decisions and temporarily ignore the opinion polls for the long-term good of the country . 
  merkel would never do that . 
  merkel is fortunate that all necessary reforms were done before she came to power , because frankly she would never have had the balls to implement the unpopular reforms that shroeder carried out . 
  america would be stupid not to continue to be involved , seeing as one of their goals is to reduce russia 's sphere of influence . 
  the us has never cared about democracy or dictatorship or corruption as long as they are able to expand their influence and make deals . 
  with a failed state like ukraine where the regimes are constantly collapsing it 's worth putting your fingers in a few pies just in case it pays off later on . 
  on the other hand you can expect the eu funds to dry up pretty soon because the large member states have no desire to get involved in geo-political power plays . 
  the public were skeptical enough about ukraine to begin with and right now it 's clear that the country is just a black hole of money from a trade perspective . 
  back during the revolution the discussion was always about how ukraine would fair in a closer relationship with the eu , not the us . 
  euromaidan was never about america ( the key is in the name ) . 
  1 less net contributor means less money for the net takers . 
  membership fees wo n't increase for the others so ultimately there would be less money for dodgy hungarian politicians to siphon off in a few years time . 
  as with any budget reduction it would probably cause greater scrutiny by the eu over how the remaining funds are used as well . 
  pretty insane that even the right wing parties voted against the reforms . . 
  it 's not pretty but the reality is when you 're in a currency union it needs to be made a lot easier for employers to reduce wages because you ca n't rely on devaluation . 
  we 've seen this issue across the eurozone from finland to greece , sticky wages are an absolute death sentence and only germany has managed to escape that . 
  more broadly france ca n't afford an ever-increasing unemployment rate and lowering or freezing wages and making redundancies easier is really the only way to reduce it in this day and age . 
  as long as they do n't go too german with their reforms they should be able to find a decent balance again . 
  greece 's government ca n't even do one thing correctly , let alone multiple things at the same time . 
  let 's not run before we can walk . . 
  when greece tries to re-negotiate they fuck it up , when they try to reform they fuck it up , when they join a currency union they fuck it up , i 'm sure greece trying to get these marbles back will also end with them fucking it up too . 
  frankly giving artefacts of great value to a country that is de-facto bankrupt is also heavily irresponsible . 
  give it a few years and they 'll end up having to sell the marbles to some dodgy chinese collector in order to pay germany & co. 
  the us and iran were cooperating during the afghan war prior to bush 's statement so it was n't just a dumb phrase , it completely jeopardised the outcome of the war in afghanistan . 
  it was a colossal diplomatic fuck-up and really it highlights that you should never have elected him in the first place . . you whine about terrorism yet you do n't seem to understand that our unconditional support of saudi arabia and pakistan is what has caused such a large resurgence of sunni extremism across the world . 
  who flew the planes into the towers in 9/11 and killed thousands of americans ? 
  saudi 's , and some high level officials in the saudi government knew of an imminent attack and did n't even inform the americans . . who sheltered al qaeda ? 
  pakistani-backed taliban . 
  iran is an ideal partner in the current war against sunni extremism . 
  of course we should n't unconditionally back them because we 'll end up with hezbollah throwing their weight around again , but it 's better to utilise something when necessary and also maintain a fairer balance of power in the middle east . 
  saudi dominance has been undeniably bad for the middle east and bad for the rest of the world too . 
  we need to ensure that neither iran nor saudi dominates the region and that means working with both sides when it suits us , not declaring one side as evil and fucking the entire region up bush-style . 
  a little bit of historical revisionism there . 
  the greek government at the time was looking for someone to cook their books so they could enter the eurozone . 
  they very obviously did not meet the requirements at the time ( as they were declined by the eurozone only a year previously ) so it was equally obvious that they needed to engage in some creative accounting to be able to join . 
  any bank would have been happy to help because they 're all run by crooks , goldman sachs just happened to `` win '' the job due to its good working relationship with the greek government . 
  goldman sachs did not act in a predatory way , they were simply the crooks in the right place at the right time and seized an easy opportunity . 
  the greek government was not coerced into doing business with them , greece willingly defrauded the rest of the eurozone for financial gain . 
  it 's all a bit silly anyway as the other countries in the eurozone were perfectly aware that greece had cooked the books and yet they were still let in . 
  that 's the funny thing with emotionally-motivated expansionism , it causes people and politicians to ignore facts in favour of idealism . 
  the greeks elected a series of dysfunctional governments so they have to be at least partly to blame . 
  you were rebuffed by the eurozone once and your government should have taken the hint and abandoned the idea of joining in the short term . 
  the greek politicians only did what the public wanted , over 60 % of the greek public wanted greece to join the euro so the politicians made it happen . 
  it 's not as if they went against the electorate on this ... 
  no they were n't . 
  the imf is just interested in getting their money back . 
  it 's not about punishment , they just tend to support measures that strip back the state and generate short term cash ( privatizations ) because that way the imf will actually be paid back . 
  they do n't care about the wellbeing of the citizens involved , they 're a lender of last resort not a charity . 
  it 's not the imf 's job to give stimulus money to countries to generate growth , that responsibility in this case lies solely with the eurozone states who should by now have created a system of fiscal transfers . 
  the eurozone is what blocked any non-austerity solution being offered to greece , it 's simply not the imf 's mandate to get involved with stimulus spending . 
  if you borrow money from the imf you will need to sell off state assets and lower spending to pay them , that 's how the imf has always worked , why would anyone expect things to be different now ? 
  the imf is n't interested in punishment because it is n't accountable to the public . 
  it was the germans , dutch , finns etc that wanted greece to be punished because their electorate demands it , the imf is a cold-hearted loan-shark that does n't get involved with the concept of right and wrong . 
  the imf did n't bankrupt greece and frankly it should have just told the eurozone to deal with its own problems in the first place . 
  greece does n't need an international bailout , it 's a small economy in a currency union and the eurozone itself is sitting on bags of cash that it is n't spending . 
  the solutions lie with the eurozone . 
  either they acknowledge that greece is bankrupt or they do n't and we can re-visit this farce every year until they acknowledge it . 
  the imf must not lend more money to a country that will not re-pay it . 
  i think it 's pretty clear at this point that ukraine is n't culturally ready to work with the eu and will at some point fall back into russia 's orbit . 
  they suffer from russian-style corruption at every level of society and installing some western advisors ( whose advice is often promptly ignored by the corrupt ukranian politicians ) in their government is n't really enough to institute top-down cultural and political change . 
  the whole parliament is full of crooks that should just be thrown in jail so that the country can start again . 
  the only measures that would work at this point is a fully-fledged western government takeover and forced privatizations of all assets owned by ukranian oligarchs . 
  unfortunately these measures would be so extreme that it could turn ukranian public opinion against us and is probably not worth the risk . 
  it 's probably better for us to just watch the current `` reforms '' fail and let the ukranians try again in another 10 years . . 
  when this farce repeats itself another 5 times maybe it may eventually reach a point where there can be real internal change . 
  the russians were partially right about our doomed efforts but we did the right thing by trying . 
  opportunities should always be taken even if they do n't pan out well . 
  and at least we 're seen to be trying to help ukraine which will set us up for better relations with them in the future . 
  those agreements were signed during a time of post-war optimism though , and that optimism is long since dead . 
  and in reality the interpretation of such conventions has always greatly varied . 
  japan has signed the convention but we do n't see them taking in thousands of refugees . 
  it 's only recently that the european establishment has decided to take such a liberal interpretation of its international obligations . 
  international laws are extremely flexible and often they are not enforceable in the slightest . 
  our deportation processes are woefully slow and inefficient and if we actually had a fast method of deporting those that have no right to live here there would n't be half as much anti-immigration sentiment as there currently is . 
  the cost of accommodating them is also a problem that can not be ignored . 
  no country has infinite money and spending money taking in refugees is money that could have been spent somewhere else and naturally politicians have to be mindful of this , clearly there has to be some level of limit involved . 
  we live in an age where some governments can barely even fund their own citizens health care or police forces and you 're trying to tell us that money does n't matter ? 
  this is n't the 1950 's anymore . 
  the us takes in only the educated , urbanized elite from `` problem '' regions like the middle east , and its unskilled workers are primarily from mexico . 
  the us has a vastly less generous welfare system which means they only get immigrants that work . 
  those that do n't work do n't last very long . 
  it 's vastly different to taking in millions of arabs who have very controversial views regarding religion , women 's rights , and frankly an addiction to state help due to being from a region full of despots who have historically relied on giving handouts to its citizens to remain in power . 
  europe needs population growth but it needs people who will work and pay taxes to the government , otherwise we 're just making our pension problem worse in the long run . 
  you do n't pay peoples pensions by inviting more people to come here and be unemployed or work a shitty job earning less than the income tax threshold . 
  the unemployment levels of iraqi 's , somali 's and other groups in europe speaks for itself . 
  if you 're worried about demographic time-bombs why on earth would you want to create more time-bombs ? 
  take in only those who will contribute more to the government than they take . 
  the us manages it to a degree and we should do the same .
