  this is why france has such a massive deficit , despite making efforts to cut the deficit it 's fighting against the tide and not succeeding . 
  you ca n't necessarily endlessly raise taxes because people will put in more effort to avoid the taxes . 
  at least with underemployed workers the government only has to subsidise a proportion of the workers living costs . 
  and if/when these workers are promoted and get more hours then they will no longer need government help and will end up paying into the system again . 
  when they 're unemployed the government foots the entire bill . 
  it 's a lot more financially sustainable to subsidise low-pay than it is to finance a large underclass of unemployed . 
  germany implemented the reforms over 10 years ago and is now in a position where it can piss away its massive budget surplus on migrants . 
  france has stayed with the high-wage high unemployment model and rather than being an equal to germany it 's now been relegated to the status of being its near-bankrupt stooge . 
  stop complaining about the us and face facts . 
  your governments policies have seen france shrink in power on the european stage and it 's in a very unsustainable position . 
  better to compare yourselves to the uk and germany which have more similar cultures to you and a similar sized economy . 
  and importantly they have low-wage low unemployment economies . 
  the us is a basketcase in many respects and it 's disingenuous to compare yourselves to them . 
  germany 9.2 , uk 6.2 . 
  if you want to bring up some stats as a checkmate do n't use stats that will blow up in your face ... why are you even bringing america into the debate ? 
  this is about germany vs france , high unemployment and high wages vs low unemployment and low wages . 
  it 's pretty clear that currently one model is working better than the other ... france will have labour market reforms at some point , it ca n't afford to keep the gravy train going forever . 
  if your only defence is that your country is doing better than the us then it 's pretty clear that you 're fucked . 
  well the same thing happened to stop the spread of communism during the early-mid 1900s . 
  the establishment in all western european countries had to steal and implement `` bad '' ideas like universal suffrage , women 's rights , progressive income tax , rights for unions , implement a welfare state , in order to steal the oxygen from the communist revolutionaries . 
  very few of the people who ran our countries actually wanted to implement most of these things because it took money and power away from the ruling class and gave it to others , but from their perspective it was the lesser evil compared to being overthrown and executed by revolutionary nutcases like in russia . 
  the establishment only changes course when it 's under threat . 
  the pro-migration mania is going to have to come to an end soon because it 's becoming politically untenable . 
  if you want to defeat a populist fringe movement sometimes you do have to use some of their ideas , although you can of course water them down . 
  but we ca n't just pretend that the anti-immigration thing is n't happening , because it is happening . 
  if we do n't clamp down on immigration and radically re-think how we handle outsiders then we will end up with violent far-right regimes taking power and running our countries into the ground . 
  being tough and strict on migration is not `` far right '' any more than the welfare state is `` far-left communist '' . 
  it can be done in a moderate way and it will have to be done unless you want some nazi-saluting morons running your country in 20 years time . . 
  in a similar vein , kabul is safer than most of afghanistan but i certainly would n't want to live in ( or visit ) a city that is in military lockdown every couple of months with a seemingly endless number of jihadists plotting within a ghetto that the police have nearly no control over . 
  it is n't normal to have weekly counter-terror raids in 1 dodgy district of your capital . 
  when even your common criminals are all integrated into the local jihadists network and essentially helping the jihadists hide from the police then it 's clear that brussels has a far bigger problem than most other capitals . 
  even in afghanistan at least the local heroin growers & dealers could be convinced to turn against the taliban , we even got one elected as president . 
  the lowlife criminals in brussels seem to prefer to protect the jihadists on the basis of their shared ethnicity ... 
  we have a problem with radical muslims because we allowed far too many muslims from backwards countries to migrate here and get permanent residency in such a relatively short space of time . 
  giving automatic citizenship to their children was also a very , very stupid and self-destructive idea . 
  because we invited too many we have completely failed to integrate them all into our society and now their children have grown up with no connection to their country of residence and they gravitate towards a decisive ideology that offers them a sense of belonging . 
  we have demographics with high levels of unemployment living in ghetto 's and committing crime and yet people still insist that our immigration policy is not the issue !, 
  how did these people get here in the first place ? 
  because we invited them to live in these ghetto 's . 
  our mistake was inviting too many people and not being active enough in making sure that every individual who migrated here is a perfect fit for europe . 
  our governments have been too lax and too generous . 
  it is n't possible to lift all of these disadvantaged people out of their relative poverty because they 're already completely reliant on welfare and have little/no incentive to actually improve themselves . 
  their culture which heavily discourages women from working and using family planning also means that they will always be inherently disadvantaged in a modern , developed economy . 
  we need to be less generous , not more . 
  the mistake we made was believing that we could just invite millions of people to live here and that they would all just naturally become like us and we could all live happily ever after . 
  of course it does . 
  the eu has largely abolished internal borders yet its member states have refused to merge its intelligence services . 
  it 's common sense that this will cause security issues . 
  if a terrorist can hop from france to belgium or from netherlands to belgium without any checks and without any over-arching security service having jurisdiction then it 's going to be near impossible to keep track of the terrorists . 
  from the uk 's perspective how can we get reliable information on a potential dutch terrorist heading to the uk when countries further down the line like france may not even know that the individual has ever stepped foot in france because noone 's told them and there are no border checks within schengen . 
  information sharing between dozens of different organisations is never ever going to be as efficient or as easy as having 1 centralized service that at least covers the whole schengen area . 
  especially when there are no border checks anyway . 
  there are particular problems with countries like belgium that really do n't have a functioning central government at all . 
  how can such a country ever run a functional intelligence and security apparatus ? 
  force the benelux countries to merge things at the very least . 
  at least the uk does n't get hampered too much by the eu as far as security goes because we still retain our own borders , but let 's be honest , we get the majority of our useful information from the us and countries closer to the me region . 
  the mainlanders except perhaps for france are n't as strong in the intelligence game and many of the mainland countries are cutting funding constantly due to media hysteria over the recent nsa revelations . 
  when defence of the nation becomes a taboo and cutting government spending becomes a near-religious dogma of course there 's going to be a lapse in security . 
  but you can . 
  that 's the job of the intelligence agencies ... 
  this is literally their entire job . 
  when you have individuals that you do n't have enough evidence on to arrest but you believe them to be a threat to national security you should be tracking every damn thing they do . 
  go through everything they do until you find an offence to arrest them for to get them off the streets while you 're at it . 
  the police have their part to play , they know the local scum in their area and should be keeping a close eye on them . 
  low life scum like this are always committing crime day after day . 
  if the police are n't keeping a close eye on these people then they are n't doing their jobs properly . 
  it might be a bit taboo in today 's hunky-dory world of tolerance and human rights but it 's what works . 
  immigrant-dominated ghetto 's need more police attention and more government scrutiny , not less . 
  and hiding behind `` he went to another country '' does n't fly either . 
  start co-operating and merging if you want to abolish your internal borders . 
  we 're a continent run by government departments that do n't actually want to do their jobs and instead would rather have their agents sit in a cosy office hoovering up everyone 's internet history en-masse `` just in case '' instead of doing real intelligence work . 
  and yet by putting him on trial it brings more attention to him and paints him as a figure being persecuted by the establishment . 
  this soviet-style crushing of dissent does n't actually work you know . 
  you ca n't prosecute everyone who says something politically unsavoury because there are too many people that agree with it and you ca n't throw them all in jail . 
  please link us incidents when this `` law '' has actually been enforced ... 
  and yet the greek government clearly does n't do other things other than ringing up merkel and asking her what to do next . 
  greece is a bankrupt state that has failed due to decades of criminal mismanagement and general incompetence . 
  creating and continuing pointless naming disputes like this in order to distract the masses is the hallmark of a failed regime . 
  can you not understand why many in europe have so little sympathy for greece when incidents like this hit the news ? 
  a country that does n't act like a sovereign state wo n't be treated like one . 
  the un was created to prevent another global war , not to give up to 7 billion people free money courtesy of the european taxpayer . 
  the un never had any moral backing , it was purely about pragmatism . 
  ww2 destroyed europe as well as much of the rest of the world and the un was created to prevent that from happening again . 
  the treaties and agreements that we naively signed during the era of post-war optimism regarding refugees were never meant to be interpreted in the way that the un interprets them . 
  it simply is n't sustainable for a modern nation state to take in limitless numbers of refugees . 
  our entire welfare state is on a knife edge due to upcoming demographic issues and adding more net-takers would destroy us . 
  politics is about power . 
  and taking the law into your own hands is what extremist groups love to do because it gives them power . 
  these people have decided to `` police '' the border at calais themselves by robbing and physically preventing migrants from sneaking onto lorries or stepping outside their camp . 
  those who are only in these gangs for money are happy because they get to walk away with some loot , those who are in it for the politics ( i.e. 
  they want to gain power ) are happy because they get to play policeman and exert power over the migrants . 
  it 's little different to what some migrants did to women in cologne . 
  attacking random women is n't purely about sexual gratification in the arab world ( or anywhere ) , it 's about exerting power over a group of people that you see as utterly inferior to yourself . 
  every extremist has similar desires , they just fulfil them in different ways . 
  i think you underestimate the amount of lowlife criminals that inhabit all extremist spheres . 
  these people are likely ex-football hooligans who would relish a fight with the calais migrants . 
  it 's just what they do . 
  in a similar vein , many people running off to join is are just regular lowlife drug dealers and `` rappers '' who are n't really that interested in the religion at all . 
  it 's about power . 
  to be fair ukraine would be better off run by an american dictator , because their elected politicians are utterly corrupt and inept .
