  the laws are aimed at getting rid of street beggars and other common criminals that come from europe and have no real ties to the country . 
  there is an underclass of european criminals particularly in london who are infamous for shoplifting , pickpocketing , the kind of crimes that you will only get community service for . 
  one european immigrant group commits a particularly large amount of crime and do n't respond very well to the usual sentences that we hand out . 
  it also explains why the number of detentions has risen so substantially , as the restrictions on immigration from their usual country of origin were only lifted a couple of years ago . 
  i doubt the government is bothering to deport actual working europeans who break a minor one-off crime such as speeding or being drunk and disorderly , these new rules are targeted at those that have no legitimate business here . 
  serious criminals can be locked up for a long time so the justice system already deals with them effectively ( ish ) . 
  but for pickpockets and other delinquents the only way to deal with them is to detain them and deport because our lenient sentences towards the offenders are n't working . 
  it may seen harsh and authoritarian from other peoples perspective ( and may is certainly very authoritarian ) , but after speaking to an elderly lady in her 90 's who was several days later still in a state of shock after having her handbag stolen in broad daylight by a roma migrant , it 's understandable how so many people in the uk have gravitated towards such tough measures . 
  they feel that they are being taken advantage of and that the system is too lenient towards those that have no intention to act in good faith . 
  that 's complete rubbish though . 
  poland , germany , denmark , netherlands , hungary are big examples of countries that are vehemently opposed to transferring power from the national governments to the european parliament . 
  it was never just the uk that was opposed to it ... only a very few countries want to give up more of their own power to brussels . 
  the european council is powerful because very few national governments would ever accept a system that gives parliament actual control over things . 
  the eu is not a federal superstate . 
  only failed governments like belgium and france are actually in favour of transferring more of their own power to the european parliament , because it would make their own politicians jobs a lot easier and the people in those countries would probably welcome being ruled by someone else at this point . 
  clearly germany would never support such a move though , as the german people are generally quite pleased with their own governments performance and that merkel has enough influence in the council to protect german interests . 
  giving more power to the ep would be a politically irrational and unpopular move on germany 's part , it could cause the eu to introduce all sorts of unpopular things such as proper american-style fiscal transfers . 
  same applies to denmark and all the other rich northern states , if the national governments can not block things that are harmful to their own countries then it dilutes the power of the electorate . 
  as well as this the eastern states are too proud and too wary of the past to support transferring their national governments decision-making power to the european parliament . 
  look at poland and hungary 's current governments . 
  you 'll never convince them to weaken the european council 's power , it would take them out of the driving seat and no rational person would ever agree to such a thing . 
  the fundamental flaw of the eu as a political institution is that in order for it to work correctly it needs a hell of a lot more power , yet the public would never approve of giving up all of their individual power to such a large institution . 
  without public support any power-grabs are doomed to fail . 
  the only way for it to ever function correctly is if the europhiles manage to shift public opinion across the bloc significantly into supporting a federal europe . 
  in a world where civic nationalism is currently on the rise and globalisation is beginning a collapse in popularity i do n't see that ever happening . 
  she says that now because there is a court-imposed gagging order against her that forbids her from telling the truth about the incident . 
  rich millionaires with hotshot lawyers can get away with nearly anything . 
   ivana trump was also subject to a gag order , which stops her from talking about her marriage to donald trump without his permission . 
  essentially when discussing her marriage with him she can only say what donald has allowed her to say . 
  reading the article you linked does n't do his reputation any favours . . `` there 's no such thing as marital rape '' , ok donald . 
  we know you will defend him no matter what , so it 's pointless even discussing things with you . 
  trump could reveal himself to be a bona-fide fsb agent and you would still be on here defending him ... 
  pointless . 
  well there 's probably a middle ground to be found between the european billionaire-backed puppets inviting millions of people to our countries and the weird over-the-top smug elitism of the swiss . . 
  many people find the swiss ( as a group ) to be outright twattish and would n't like to live in a country filled with such people . 
  case in point , you think women 's right to vote is a `` silly social justice issue '' . 
  what makes you any better a neighbour than some islamist nutcase ? 
  i 'd rather not trade one bunch of tossers for another , thanks . 
  it 's another pakistani rape gang ( complete with the one token white guy ) , and they are over-represented in sex crime stats in the uk . 
  it 's probably not so much news as much as op reminding us that there is a cultural problem here , as pakistani 's commit far too much sex-related crime but nobody seems to want to acknowledge it . 
  these people are n't proper commercial human traffickers , they 're just perverts who drive girls from the local childrens home in the same town to some dodgy place to rape them . 
  lack of education does n't come into it . 
  turkey has a developed education system , the issue is since erdogan came into the picture they are starting to teach children the wrong things . 
  saudi arabia has a highly developed education system , but the people are still far too religious and often donate money to is and other extremist groups . 
  the taliban was created by university-educated people who were taught in special islamic schools . 
  they were absolutely not stupid goat-herders , they were highly intelligent people who had been taught that islamism is the only correct political ideology to follow . 
  isis is similar , they are headed by highly educated individuals although some of them are not very religious ( ex baathist 's , because when we invaded iraq we were too stupid to execute the fuckers at the time and instead let most of them go ... ) tribalism and sectarianism is another issue that the arab world faces that nobody in the region seems to want to tackle . 
  this idea that lack of education is the biggest problem is just incorrect . 
  the arab world has a problem with extremism and it 's because of their culture , their politics and their religion . 
  the region has gotten worse since the discovery of oil and the proliferation of religious schooling for the masses . 
  there are countries in other regions that are far poorer with much worse education systems that do not have such large issues with extremism . 
  there needs to be an modernisation movement across all of the arab world , backwards cultural practices need to be changed , arab political leaders need to reform and stop using hot-button hate-figures such as israel or america as a scapegoat whenever they fuck things up , tribalism needs to go , and the more extreme interpretations of islam need to be thrown in the bin where they belong . 
  the arab world needs proper , strong leadership figures who are willing to change the region for the better . 
  at least jordan has a very good leader but that 's 1 good egg in a basket of dozens of terrible ones . 
  the region is stuck between idiotic despots who would rather bomb their own cities rather than reform and idiotic extremist groups who would rather execute heretics than actually do something productive . 
  people are n't allowed to join isis either and yet they still do ... 
  i very much doubt that it is physically impossible to leave the country when on unemployment benefit , especially as you can easily hop the non-existent border to germany who will have no records of whether you are unemployed or not and hop on a plane to turkey . 
  the government is n't omnipotent and security services wo n't be sharing information with the welfare department either . 
  what these militants are doing is going abroad to join isis without telling the government ( obviously ) . 
  welfare payments continue going into their bank every week/month/whenever automatically and the welfare department wo n't find out that this individual is no longer living in the country for many months . 
  at which point they then cancel the welfare payments . 
  i 'd rather the government did collect these stats so that we can definitively see if there is any institutional discrimination against certain groups , and likewise if certain demographics are more likely to be successful in life , or commit more crime , etc. 
  it allows for better debate on policy and society 's views and better targeting of solutions . 
  meanwhile when you look at countries like sweden where gathering such statistics is banned , people can only rely on rumours and hearsay . 
  for example people have a pretty good idea that certain immigrant groups commit more crime than others , but without any stats politicians can simply hand-wave it away with `` there are no stats on this '' which completely shuts down any debate or discussion . 
  likewise , sweden has issues with employment discrimination against certain ethnic groups , as seen in studies such as http://www.thelocal.se/jobs/article/47164 where they found that non-swedes ( particularly arabs ) have a much tougher time getting a job based purely on their names not being swedish enough . 
  but again , politicians hand-wave it away by proclaiming that the country is actually hyper-tolerant and `` there are no official stats to show otherwise '' . 
  it 's a recipe for social unrest , a government that pretends to be a humanitarian superpower while many of its populace secretly house very different views . 
  the country would be far better off admitting its faults and issues and working to solve them , rather than ignoring reality and just doubling down on false political correctness . 
  every one of your recent comments is either directly saying or implying that : british people are xenophobic . 
  british opinions do n't matter because they `` are n't part of europe anymore '' brits hate polish people the uk is a racist country . 
  `` for me the uk has shown its true colors . '', 
  brits who voted to remain in the eu do n't matter because they 're a minority blah blah brexit ( you seem unable to post a comment without mentioning brexit or otherwise shitting on brits ) do n't play the fool . 
  you 've got some serious axe-grinding going on and it looks extremely petty and obnoxious to the rest of us . 
  and yet when people vote for an anti-establishment party you would complain that people are voting for populists ... how can voters hold politicians accountable in a system that only has a few mainstream parties , all bankrolled by the same massive corporate donors and unions ? 
  many people argue that it is an illusion of choice , which is why they gravitate towards populists who make every effort to appear to be different to the others . 
  the reality is very few decent people are able to get involved in high-level politics . 
  so voters have a choice , they can either vote for the same 2 mainstream parties over and over again , who are provably corrupt and unaccountable because they just swap positions every 5 years , or they vote for a dodgy , likely-corrupt anti-establishment party filled with some of the oddest individuals . 
  and if there is a 3rd choice , a party filled with decent , truthful individuals who want to actually improve the country , they usually do n't get very much exposure because without either the support of the establishment or controversy-filled 24 hour news coverage you will never get anywhere . 
  to win at politics you have to either be a hero or a villain because coverage is essential . 
  you ca n't just run as a reasonable , level-headed party with no financial backing and no outlandish views and expect to win . 
  a party like that would get no headlines , no big donations from big organisations , no controversy , no 3 am tweets stirring things up , noone talking about the party on social media or at work , no votes . 
  if you want an alternative to mainstream politics it 's populism or nothing , because no other brand of politics has a chance at beating the establishment . 
  that 's the reality of the world we live in . 
  see the state of the lib dems for an example of where being reasonable ( and slightly bad at politicking ) gets you . 
  alternative parties that work for the good of the country just get sidelined and out-spun by the establishment every time . 
  the whole system is rigged against decent politicians . 
  i think you 're being slightly optimistic here . 
  w bush was widely considered an idiot when he was elected and surprise surprise , he ended up completely fucking up the world within 8 years by starting wars and presiding over the biggest economic meltdown since 1929 . 
  in reality he was n't actually that much of an idiot and was just weak and easy to manipulate . 
  trump is a far bigger idiot and even more easy to manipulate , whether it 'll be his own cabinet ( full of bona-fide nutcases ) or other world leaders ( putin , who will be happy to fatten up trumps business empire in exchange for favours ) calling the shots is hard to say at this point . 
  did i mention that pence is even more of a nutcase than cheney was ? 
  i do n't understand how you can be under the impression that a trump presidency is going to be fuck-up-free . 
  we do n't even have to look back more than 16 years to see just a small taste of how this will play out . 
  malaysia is not india though . 
  it 's like comparing germany to kosovo . 
  i 'd imagine the uk government is more fussed about what china and india think rather than the smaller countries . 
  democracy always involves politicians lying to win votes . . 
  there is n't a single time in history where democracy in any country has n't involved some lying . 
  the uniqueness of the current situation is that we 're at the point where nobody cares what the press say anymore , so any legitimate criticism from journalists of unrealistic policy or obvious political lies just gets shot down with `` fake news '' or `` so-called experts '' .
