  we are obliged to offer it to spain first before giving it or selling it to anyone else . 
  if spain was unable or unwilling to pay a decent price then we could offer it to morocco afterwards . 
  the land and the tax base is worth a sizeable amount , why should we hand over such things for nothing ? 
  it would never happen of course , but still . 
  you do realise the irony of that coming from an american , right ? 
  by your logic the usa should belong to the natives , all the colonists should return to europe where they came from . 
  when are you handing over mexico 's rightful land by the way ? 
  it 's a bit late to evict thousands of people when they 've been living somewhere for hundreds of years . 
  if a country lost a war hundreds of years ago and has no current demographic presence in the area concerned then it really has no recourse other than to try to take it back by force . 
  land being close to you does not give you a valid claim over it . 
  you 're arguing semantics . 
  if you were protesting against the government because of high unemployment and high food prices and they started bombing your homes in response , what would you do ? 
  `` you 're making shit up '' have you read your own posts ? 
  assad 's civil war has so far killed over 1/3 of the fighting-aged alawites . 
  had he compromised with the protesters in the first place his own religious sect would still be living in peace instead of being sent as cannonfodder to protect him and his corrupt family . 
  his war has put christians in the country in immense danger from numerous sides . 
  yet you give us this utter bullshite that assad is some great protector of minorities ?? 
  he started this civil war for christ 's sake . 
  prior to the war religious and ethnic division in syria has been exploited by him and his father before him for decades to keep control the populace . 
  he and his father created the powder keg and lit it . 
  you then proceed to deny that assad has killed hundreds of thousands of his own citizens . 
  over 100k rebels have died , over 100k of assad 's soldiers/militia have died , and nearly 100k civilians have died in the conflict . 
  let me guess , the rebels did it all ? 
  give me a break . 
  the majority of killings of doctors and other medical staff have been caused by assad in this conflict , and his brutality is such that even is and other nutcase groups pale in comparison to assad 's civilian death count . 
  you say there is no evidence assad was behind the attacks . 
  the pentagon had such compelling evidence that assad was behind the attacks that it caused trump to completely 180 his position on assad within days . 
  now trump might be a bit of a dumbass and out of his depth but he 's extremely stubborn and it must have taken some very compelling evidence to make him change his mind . 
  forced regime change is n't the answer , but acting like assad is a saint is just historical revisionism and needs to be thrown in the bin where it belongs . 
  mass-murdering despots do not tend to be very rational . 
  they 're obsessed with being seen as all-powerful and have an inclination to use cruelty and terror to demoralise those that stand against them . 
  chemical weapon attacks are assad 's way of telling syrians that if they implicitly side with the rebels , even if they are non-combatants , they and their families will die painfully . 
  assad is really not very different from is and other terrorist nutcases when it comes to his tactics in war . 
  lets not forget that during the arab spring , syria could have gone the path of jordan and promised reforms and kept everyone placated . 
  instead assad started shelling his own cities to stop protesters . 
  no sane dictator would act as assad has done in the last few years . 
  a sensible dictator knows when to back down or if things go really badly , when to go into exile . 
  assad could step away any time and go into exile to russia and have a care-free life . 
  russia has the power to protect the alawite minority from revenge attacks by the rest of syria . 
  why has he chosen to fight a never-ending war for his own survival instead ? 
  because he 's a power-hungry nutcase . 
  assad does n't fear russia , he 's outright lied to putin countless times and has always gotten away with it . 
  remember a few years ago when assad promised putin that he had handed over his entire stockpile of chemical weapons ? 
  it 's no different to how north korea treats china . 
  the dog treats the master like shit and the master just does n't care enough to start disciplining it . 
  even blair could n't sell the euro to the brits , and he was probably the slimiest sales-politician in a generation who even managed to sell an illegal war to the majority of the populace . 
  the uk would never join the euro voluntarily . 
  it 's about as likely as france voting to join the us . 
  it 's just a lazy cop-out to say `` in 1000 years time all brits could all be cyborgs so how do you know they wo n't want to join the eu at that point '' ... clutching at straws . 
  german intelligence is notoriously useless though , both historically and presently . 
  they rely on american gathered intelligence when it comes to anything complex . 
  most recent major terror arrests in germany were made as a result of the german authorities being tipped off by the american nsa , who apparently have a stronger grasp of what 's going on in germany than the german authorities do . . and then there 's the recent attack in december that they were made aware of before it happened yet failed to prevent it . 
  for all we know the russians and other unsavoury characters may have infiltrated right to the top of the german intelligence services , it would n't be the first time that their intelligence apparatus is filled with double and triple agents after all . . germany does n't even know what 's going on inside the country , it 's no surprise that they lack decent contacts in russia and are therefore unable to sufficiently prove that any disinformation is state-backed . 
  i would n't upvote an article with investment advice from a greek bank manager either , so why would i upvote the opinion of one of the most inept intelligence agencies on the planet ? 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you do n't believe any media articles that say something negative about trump because the press is biased , but you do believe any interviews and press articles that support your point of view ? 
  and you prefer to believe the word of a politician who is infamous for his lying and spin ( turnbull ) in a damage-control interview over the words of investigative journalists who actually have reliable sources ? 
  we 've reached a ridiculous point in the world where investigative journalists who broke watergate and other major scandals are now trusted less than slimy lying politicians like turnbull and dodgy crooksters like trump . 
  you 're just stupid if you think the media ca n't be trusted but a lying politician on the radio and/or twitter can be , that 's just idiotic logic and there 's no sense in it whatsoever . 
  we already know that putin 's propaganda machine is feeding the trump team fake news about eastern europe and the rest of the world , because during the election trump himself directly quoted an incorrect sputnik article in order to attack hillary , that 's proof right there from the man himself that he is getting his news from russian propaganda . 
  yet you still would n't believe it would you ? 
  the me needs to learn to at least partially handle its own security , it is n't viable for western troops to march into every war-torn area to bring peace , especially when our last effort failed so badly and the people do n't want us there in the first place . 
  we also do n't have the money for a ground conflict . 
  the iraqi military will only improve by fighting and winning , if we march in there and dissolve them again it will solve nothing in the long term . 
  arab militaries in general will only improve if they have to start winning and dealing with shit themselves , every time we bail them out it just keeps them lazy , why would any iraqi soldier bother doing their job if they know that they can just run away and the west will send troops to do the heavy lifting for them ? 
  we give them plenty of help as it is , they do n't need to be hand-held . 
  it may have taken a few years but at least now iraq 's military is doing a decent job at pushing is back , and we have n't seen many embarrassing retreats from the iraqi 's recently . 
   if wealth ends up being concentrated in a few , we already have taxes that increase with excess wealth to deal with that . 
  but hollande tried that before , and it did n't work because the rich did everything in their power to make the supertaxes fail to produce additional income . 
  so those taxes then got scrapped . 
  the rich are too mobile for wealth taxes and higher income taxes to work . 
  they 'll just move to whatever dodgy country will take them . 
  in the post-employment age it 's going to be important that automation is taxed higher than human labour in order to account for the external costs to society that automation brings . 
  it 's no different to taxing carbon or empty properties , you tax them to help pay for the damage they cause to society which the government has to fix . 
  voting to leave a voluntary political union is undermining the economic and strategic interests of the people that live in it ? 
  that 's a bit of a soviet-style stretch . . and you think it also means the end of an alliance ... ? 
  the uk is still in nato and still cooperates a lot with the french military in particular , leaving the eu does n't change any of that . 
  the eu can go on just fine without the uk , the uk made the decision that was best for itself , not because it wants to damage the eu . 
  i do n't understand why you or anyone else would be pissed off when it 's always been clear that the uk does n't fit culturally or politically into the eu . 
  the split is best for both sides . 
  it 's not as if the eu is going to miss our mep 's grandstanding in parliament and the union will probably be more stable long-term without the uk pushing for such rapid expansion of the eu membership . 
  the current situation will also force the mainland to show some balls on the russian issue , as the union has now lost its toughest opponent of russia . 
  that will be a good thing in the long term , russia should and will be dealt with by germany , poland & co. 
  the problem is by getting bitter about brexit the eu pushes the uk into the arms of nationalist governments like trump 's and whatever 5th column nationalist governments that are likely to start popping up in europe . 
  the uk will do whatever it takes to get a good deal and protect its own interests , even if it means allying with bona-fide nutcases or mass-murderers . 
  equally , they 're perfectly happy to deal with the friendly faces at the eu if possible . 
  it 's the eu 's choice , brexit does n't have to be damaging for anyone if there 's the political will to make it work . 
  unfortunately as we can see from the comment sections on this sub , the general public in most of the eu want to see their politicians punish the uk for leaving the `` voluntary '' union in a soviet-style display of force . 
  consequently there will be no political will for a friendly deal and we will be forced to cast our lot with trump . 
  if that damages the eu then so be it , if we have no choice but to side with a nutcase who is actually interested in helping us then we will do it . 
  he was n't sentenced for thinking something though ... 
  proudly displaying nazi tattoo 's and trying to sell music glorifying the nazi 's are both actions and both crimes in austria . 
  disagree with the law all you want but do n't be obtuse about it . 
  the government ca n't read your mind , but people do have eyes and ears . . 
  it 's not difficult to grasp the difference between thoughts and actions . 
  you remind me of when some islamist preacher scum gets arrested and there 's always one internet smart-arse who complains that the preacher is being prosecuted for thought crime ?? 
  thoughts are not actions , learn the difference . 
  your quote from the pro-immigrant charity is probably slightly exaggerated . 
  nobody gets detained for losing their id card , as most people do n't even have one . . 
  i 'm guessing a criminal tried to be smart by losing their documentation and the excuse did n't work .
