  it 's her pr teams job to manipulate how the press report on things and ensure that her governments message always resonates with the public . 
  they do n't call her teflon merkel for nothing , she 's one of the best populist politicians and she certainly knows how to handle the press . 
  there was no misunderstanding . 
  merkel 's comments were made for domestic consumption and it was a calculated move to show that the government was singing from the same hymn sheet as the general public . 
  the issue is she and her spin doctors did n't bank on the international press getting hold of these statements which were designed solely for the german electorate . 
  now we have thousands of iraqi 's and pakistani 's who are genuinely convinced that merkel has invited them to germany . 
  in an ideal world merkel should have realised that germany is currently a regional power and its public statements matter across the world , not just inside germany . 
  populist statements should take a backseat when the whole world is watching you . 
  think back to greece where varoufakis , as finance minister nearly said that greece was bankrupt . 
  everyone knew it to be the case anyway , but when a finance minister says that their country is bankrupt it carries enormous meaning and can be interpreted as a declaration of default . 
  the point is public statements by government officials matter , they carry enormous weight because the officials are essentially speaking on behalf of the country itself . 
  even stating well-known facts can have huge repercussions and merkel should have known this . 
  she ca n't use an excuse of being inexperienced . 
  a person of international importance has to move beyond domestic populism and actually be more diplomatic when speaking in public . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  why would a company , after losing a ton of money to fines , just suddenly fold when it is perfectly solvent ? 
  do you file for bankruptcy and quit your job every time you get a parking ticket ? 
  or do you pay it and move on , because other people rely on you continuing to produce things ( i.e your family ) shareholders depend on these companies , they put money in and they expect a return . 
  they are n't going to watch their investments turn to nothing . 
  they will demand the board clean up their act and fix the problems so that the company can continue to make profits . 
  the reality is the demand for cars , tv 's etc is always there anyway . 
  if one company folds due to becoming insolvent other companies will take their place . 
  there is no magical way of massively expanding your share of the market without hiring new people . . 
  whining about downvotes is a great way to get downvoted . 
  lose the victim complex and people might hear you out . 
  ironically this is something that the anti-immigration crowd learned a while ago . 
  remember back when it was the wingnuts that would complain about downvotes and yell at everyone for having different viewpoints to themselves ? 
  they got downvoted for being annoying just as you get downvoted now . 
  do n't expect to be treated any differently than they were . 
  there is n't one . 
  conflict is limited to small areas in the west of the country . 
  pakistani 's should be deported just as serbs and kosovars are . 
  `` stories that do n't agree with my personal views are all made up '' . 
  well at least you 're upfront and honest about your cognitive dissonance . 
  try this small challenge for me . 
  would you be able to post one comment without resorting to using the islamophobia buzzword ? 
  the thing is we all like to pat ourselves on the back and sit in our ivory towers proclaiming that our country has n't got an ever-increasing number of disenfranchised voters . 
  and we can point to how our middle-class friends are all seeing wage growth or our gdp grew by x % as evidence that everyone 's happy . 
  but it does n't make it true . 
  former industrial towns in france are deserting the traditional left wing politics and being drawn to le pen 's populism . 
  people seem to be getting more distrustful of politicians after the disappointment of hollande . 
  how can you say with a straight face that france does n't have disenfranchised voters ? 
  it 's not just the muslim `` youths '' that are disenfranchised . 
  the white french do their fair share of car-burning and rioting too . 
  and as you 've said it 's the whites that vote . 
  the demographic most likely to vote far-right . 
  regional elections are n't considered to be as important , by either the disenfranchised voters or fn . 
  let 's be honest , i doubt fn wanted to win any of the regions because they could only stand to lose credibility by winning and then likely fucking things up . 
  better to stay as the anti-establishment party and go directly for the crown jewels . 
  whoever le pen goes up against is almost certain to have a history of corruption charges , juppe is barely any less crooked than sarkozy and we all saw how much clinton 's dodgy past came back to haunt her , even though much of her `` scandals '' were just standard politicking . 
  people just could n't trust clinton and that 's why many people who agreed with her policies just could not bring themselves to vote for her . 
  all le pen needs to do is sufficiently erode peoples trust in juppe/sarkozy/whatever other dodgy politician the right-wing wheel out and the result could end up being a lot closer than you think . 
  le pen has a much bigger hill to climb but we should know by now not to assume that we know what the electorate really thinks . 
  were you not around the last time the republicans held both wings of congress and the presidency ... ? 
  you 're a bit of a twit if you think it 's so outlandish that they might end up starting an illegal war or causing other big fuck-ups such as another record-breaking recession . 
  this is very recent history that you should know about . 
  it 's never good when a party dominated by nutcases has complete control of government , and an administration headed by pence ( let 's be honest , trump will be just as much a figurehead as w bush was ) is going to make some pretty stupid and outlandish decisions . 
  the w bush admin brought us an illegal war and the worlds largest recession since the 1930 's . 
  do you really rate an idiot like trump higher than bush ? 
  i think you 're confusing what you think should happen to merkel with what will actually happen to her . 
  you can be correct about the success ( or lack of ) of her policies but that does n't mean she 's going to magically lose power so quickly . 
  it takes years for disastrous policies to cause any substantial political backlash and often the politician who caused the mess is long gone by the time the backlash happens . 
  merkel will probably do a blair and retire from politics just before shit hits the fan , she 'll appoint a replacement that she dislikes who will then take all the blame for the mess . 
  she 's probably got years left yet . 
  merkel is still popular and is n't afraid to change her stance slightly when new polls come out which keeps her approval at a decent level . 
  the afd , like all fringe parties , are run by a bunch of amateurs who lack serious political instinct and things would have to get a lot worse before a skilled politician like merkel loses out to them . 
  other mainstream politicians love open-borders even more than she does so i doubt many people will switch away from merkel at this point . 
  you really should n't create dozens of strawmen in response to a perfectly reasonable comment that merely outlines that a politicians viewpoint does n't have popular support . 
  sgtnatino 's original comment was informative , largely factual and was n't particularly inflammatory or outrageous . 
  now re-read your responses and think about how they appear to the rest of us . 
  nobody is asking you to agree with him , just recognise that his point is valid and it was completely ridiculous for you to launch into a tirade calling him and every other brexit voter an authoritarian racist . 
  within your first sentence of your original comment you essentially said that the majority viewpoint does n't have to be catered to , and in your second sentence you accuse others of being authoritarian ?? 
  the main argument in favour of authoritarian rule ( such as the style of governance in china and singapore ) is that a strong leader is better able to make the correct decisions rather than having to follow public opinion all the time , so how do you reconcile your two completely contradictory viewpoints ? 
  to top it all off you complain about others over-simplifying what people think . 
  you just called 17 million people authoritarian , nationalist , stupid , and all because they voted for something that you do n't like . 
  elitist , sneering attitudes towards those that are sceptical or worried about the negative aspects of immigration is what has caused so many disenfranchised individuals to vote for brexit . 
  i would say that your attitude is a great example of the kind of thing that many are tired of seeing . 
  as a general rule , if you ca n't make a single comment without throwing in `` nationalist '' , `` racist '' or a `` hurr durr '' strawman then you probably should n't post . 
  political ideologies like islamism is not the same as the religion islam ... we stamp out nazi 's because they are incompatible with western democracy . 
  the same needs to be done against islamists . 
  just because these idiots play the religion card does n't mean we should treat them with kid gloves . 
  what next , no more imprisoning nazi thugs because they claim to follow christianity ? 
  classic arab conspiracy theory right there . 
  what next , is is actually israeli trained and mossad commands them ? 
  the us has been bombing is , not supporting them . . 
  if you want to look at who supports them take a look at some of the private donors in the gulf states , other arabs which frankly the us has little/no control over . 
  nobody is better at making arab muslims fight each other than arab muslims themselves . 
  this saying comes to mind : `` i , against my brothers . 
  i and my brothers against my cousins . 
  i and my brothers and my cousins against the world . '', 
  the syrian civil war in a nutshell . 
  even without other powers meddling the country would still be a cesspit of war because there 's decades of sectarian strife bubbling over . 
  the us has always wanted to end the conflict on its own terms and supported their own rebel groups in trying to take control of the whole country ( although they got involved late and only directly trained a few heavily vetted rebels ) , they have little interest in the me becoming more destabilised . 
  of course when the war broke out they did seize the opportunity to try to remove assad , who is an enemy of the us and it did at least make some sense at the time to support the revolutionary groups because of the whole `` arab spring '' fad . 
  it just did n't work out because the us is out of its depth . 
  the us has never backed is and people really need to stop with ridiculous conspiracy theories and inferiority complexes . 
  the us has a bad enough track record in the me without people having to make things up as well . 
  a few years ago we were the only country calling for harsher sanctions including banning russia from swift . 
  but none of you wanted to bother getting tough on russia . . 
  so if we 're now some sort of traitor to europe , what does that make the rest of you ?
