  it 's an immigration problem , the problem just started 50 years ago and not yesterday . 
  what will happen if we invite millions of syrians ( as well as any arab who can pretend to be a syrian ) into our countries is these migrants will have children and many of these children will grow up in 20 years time to hate everything we stand for , they will be more loyal to their inherited religion than to the state and they will cause trouble , just like the current crop of 2nd/3rd generation migrants are doing . . do 2nd/3rd generation chinese migrants bomb us or call for the chinese communist party to take control of europe ? 
  do 2nd generation polish migrants plot to overthrow our monarch and replace it with a catholic monarch ? 
  we can take in migrants from anywhere in the world , why should we take those in from the region that produces grade-a nutcases rather than regions that produce well-adjusted individuals ? 
  funny that you find basic war-crime conventions ludicrous . 
  even nazi germany followed these rules in its fight on the western front . 
  it 's not like we 're asking much from people ... of course individual civilians can be angry and wo n't follow these rules if a pilot lands in their village after a bombing raid , but any militants and soldiers must follow the rules of war . . 
  the turkmen rebels are recognized militants and should follow the rules . 
  they shot an unarmed pilot and killed him , it 's a war crime . 
  it 's a pretty sad state of affairs when rules such as do n't use chemical weapons , do n't shoot unarmed pilots , etc are disobeyed in the syrian war . 
  these are rules that even hitler followed for christs sake . 
  it really highlights how difficult it will be to achieve peace in syria , we have a mass-murdering lunatic on one side and the rebel groups are absolutely filled with grade-a war criminals with genocidal tendencies . 
  it 's not censorship , it 's about protecting your brand . 
  look at the daily mail and their comments . 
  does a respectable news source want that kind of reputation ? 
  online news comments are absolutely toxic and we all know this . 
  the job of media is to inform and persuade , they have no obligation to provide you with a place to discuss the news . 
  a supermarket does n't have an obligation to provide you with a place to eat the food that you 've bought . 
  you are free to discuss it on other websites , the pub , your house , the street , at work , etc. 
  can we please stop over-using words like censorship and free speech ? 
  it 's getting to the point where they 've joined the league of other meaningless overused buzzwords like islamophobe , fascist , communist , etc. 
  morocco is run by a monarch who still wields great power , he has slowly been giving some powers to the parliament over the last few decades . 
  so would you support the same happening in syria ? 
  because clearly just springing democracy on a country with no actual experience of it will end badly for everyone . 
  look at libya and iraq ... tunisia was in a much better state than the other arab spring states . 
  syria has just had years of civil war . 
  syria does n't need western-style democracy because it wo n't work . 
  the idea that the election of a sunni majority government in syria would end well for anyone is utterly absurd . 
  none of the other factions would recognize the legitimacy of such a government and war would continue . 
  syria needs a political system that makes decision making and legislating difficult , it needs a system that prohibits any changes from being made unless every major syrian faction agrees to it . 
  it needs to prevent any kind of majority government from occurring . 
  it 's the only way to prevent sectarian divisions from tearing the country apart again . 
  and it needs someone who can step in if any faction decides to seize power for themselves . 
  like a dictator or call it something more politically correct if you want ... how else do you propose to make syria function ? 
  punitive measures like that would likely just escalate the crisis and cause more problems for everyone . 
  copying early 20th century aggressive diplomacy is a pretty stupid idea for obvious reasons . . exclusion from the eu goes both ways . 
  would german companies be happy about being shut out from the polish market ? 
  we all know that the structural funds are in place to facilitate greater trade with the newly growing economies in the east and they primarily benefit our own large businesses . 
  no structural funds , no free trade with poland . 
  i 'd really love to see the eu try and throw its weight around like that . 
  merkel 's phone would probably catch fire from so many calls from angry german lobbyists within the first few hours of such an idea being agreed . 
  same for other european leaders who represent powerful business interests . 
  which is why it would never happen . 
  the eu can be good at influencing dodgy eastern european regimes into actually running their country properly but it is n't suited towards ultimatums and outright blackmail , it always causes more backlash when it tries . 
  this has nothing to do with france and germany ... during the beginning of the war they also implemented ceasefires which failed because both sides still felt they could take more territory . 
  either merkel has only recently gotten better at jedi mindtricks or her input had little/no impact on the outcome of the conflict . 
  the war has simply reached a natural pause . 
  both sides realise that they ca n't go much further . 
  the separatists were never going to get to the western parts of ukraine but they have consolidated their grip on some key areas , and the government in kiev realises that it is n't getting the separatist-controlled parts back in any meaningful way . 
  the reality is russia has loose control of half the country now and these separatist regions are going to be a constant thorn in the side of the ukranian government . 
  it 's going to drain resources for decades and derail any hope of economic and political development in ukraine . 
  if this is your idea of victory i 'd hate to see what your idea of a defeat is . 
  i would say losing real control of half your country is a pretty big defeat , especially when the central government will still have to pay for these regions as well . 
  or to be more precise , as ukraine is bankrupt it will actually be us the european taxpayer who has to pay to prop up russian-controlled fiefdoms in east ukraine . . 
  the us does n't have issues like this though because they 're been careful to take in only the urbanized , educated elites from muslim countries who tend to produce children that are much better adjusted to the western lifestyle . 
  meanwhile we prefer to take in pakistani goat-herders and rural-dwelling algerians . 
  the us has had what , 2 domestic islamic terror attack attempts in recent times , and 1 of those failed because the terrorist was shot by texans before he could do any harm . 
  and that 's if you even count the boston bombings as islamic terror which is debatable . 
  the us does n't spend half its time under martial law unlike belgium . . 
  it 's simply not sustainable to lock down an entire city every time there 's a major date on the calendar . 
  belgium is stuck in a position where it needs to do the impossible , either they just keep their city in lockdown for years or they start mass deportations , which would be illegal and impossible under current rules . 
  the government is n't particularly interested in sending people to jail for tax evasion . 
  what it wants is revenue . 
  prison is a last resort . 
  even you as an individual would be unlikely to go to jail . 
  if you were stupid ( i.e. 
  you bin every letter and do fuck-all to co-operate ) enough to not make a payment plan with the government over unpaid taxes you may be prosecuted and given a suspended sentence and some fines . 
  nobody goes to jail anymore . 
  because of the costs involved in prosecuting someone for tax evasion or any other fraud-related crime it 's usually cheaper for the state to just settle on a middle-ground figure and at least then they get some money out of it . 
  rather than focusing on prison terms which would just cost the state a shit-ton the government should try to rig the game in its favour as much as possible , legislate massive 150-200 % fines for tax evasion/avoidance , reduce any room for appeals and reduce the burden of proof for tax avoidance . 
  the end result would be more revenue for the government and a reduced financial incentive for multinationals to cheat our tax systems . 
  who would you even jail in this situation anyway ? 
  no american fatcats will go to italy voluntarily to be imprisoned ... you 'd end up with a trial in absentia and no prison time for the convicted , massive cost to the state for nothing . 
  not everyone wants a western style democracy you know . 
  some people prefer religious theocracy , or an absolute monarchy , or a dictatorship run by `` technocrats '' . 
  i do n't think the chinese would be happy if we marched into china , installed a new democratic regime and started lecturing them on how oppressed they were and now we 're here to free them . . 
  while we may be comfortable that our way of life is the best , clearly there are others who would disagree with us and would fit better in a country run by a different system . 
  if syrians and other migrants can find a new home in a country that suits their needs better , why is that a bad thing ? 
  sweden is about as boring as it can get , if migrants want a more exciting home there are plenty of other places they can choose from ( outside the eu of course ) ... 
  i 'd far rather these disgruntled migrants found a country that suits them rather than living in ghetto 's in malmo and spending their entire free time lobbying for sharia law in sweden or rioting over insufficient bar opening hours . 
  germany 's view is n't relevant in this area , they do n't get to decide who uses nuclear power and who does n't . 
  i know the eu 's a bit of an ever-hungry dinosaur but it does n't yet get to dictate to member states how they produce their energy . 
  the real reasons are likely due to coal being cheaper , and the effects of climate change are n't particularly important to poland geographically . 
  finding sufficient financing for nuclear power plants may also be a challenge . 
  creating a pan-european identity is going to be near impossible as every european country has hundreds of years of history , culture , tradition etc. 
  even in this age of secularism and peace there are still vast differences in how a greek person lives their day to day lives compared to a finn or an irish person . 
  even when confronted with an outside enemy such as political islam , there are such vast differences in opinion across europe on how to combat this new threat . 
  the do-gooders in west europe have completely opposing views on the matter to those in eastern europe . 
  we only have to look at the middle east where a similar experiment was tried . 
  pan-arab nationalism was tried by various rulers who had absolute power over their countries as well as money and weapons on their side . 
  it was designed to contain the threat of political islam and protect the despots from revolt . 
  it has failed spectacularly because there is simply nothing connecting the dozens of states in the me except for a few common things that they can all agree on . 
  artificially created identity 's quickly collapse and are replaced by older , more powerful identity 's such as tribe , religion , sect , or in europe 's case , civic nationalism . 
  why should a pole believe that europe has its best interests at heart when it comes to fighting radical islam when eu bureaucrats are ordering poland to accept muslim refugees from syria ? 
  even if the state puts a lot of effort into manufacturing a new identity it usually tends to fail , another example is yugoslavia . 
  people can see the difference between a real ideology and one that has been manufactured by some out of touch bureaucrats . 
  that is just childish `` he started it ! '', 
  reasoning . 
  how about the government actually follows the constitution ? 
  your comment does nothing to justify the actions of the current government .
