  who says he actually flew fighter jets ? 
  the reality is a lot of `` qualified '' people in the 3rd world purchased their qualifications from diploma-mills . 
  that is why we do n't recognize degrees from foreign countries unless the institution is reputable . 
  i doubt that finland is preventing this man from taking flight exams in finland and getting the real recognized qualifications . 
  he should do that , if he was a fighter pilot then he should only need a small amount of training to bring himself up to speed with rules , regulations etc in finland . 
  simple . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  allowing unqualified people to work in highly skilled jobs ? 
  if russia-backed assad takes control of most of syria again there is no way the sunni residents ( i.e. 
  the majority of the country and the majority of the current refugees ... ) will consider syria to be safe . 
  they will continue fleeing syria citing a justified fear of ethnic cleansing from assad and co as revenge for many sunni 's siding with rebels during the civil war . 
  good luck convincing those in refugee camps to return to syria if assad is still in charge . . what syria needs is a power sharing agreement between various religious groups and assad exiled to russia or another country that he 's friendly with . 
  there is n't really any other way for the conflict to be resolved , with or without occupation by foreign entities . 
  do you not think discussion about this subject would be significantly better if you did n't resort to ridiculous strawmen straight off the bat like that ? 
  there is no binary choice between granting everyone permanent residency and air-dropping them into a warzone . . to boil it down to such a choice is intellectually dishonest and manipulative . 
  this is n't a tabloid comment section . 
  the us armed very few rebels , it was the gulf states that were doing the majority of the funding to rebel groups . 
  the us armed the `` western approved '' bunch like the fsa who got absolutely destroyed by the better armed extremist groups which had huge funding from `` individuals '' from the gulf states . 
  that alone should make it obvious that the us was not the one deciding the course of the war . . you would have a point if us-backed rebels were winning . 
  they are not . 
  if you want to blame someone for how things went , walk up to a qatari and complain to him . 
  there is n't really any other way to operate in the middle east though . 
  look at egypt and what happened when they elected the so-called moderate muslim brotherhood . 
  or iraq when they elected a shiite government . 
  the problem with democracy in the middle east is when 1 faction loses they tend not to accept defeat and attempt to seize power ( see libya 's islamists ) , either that or the winning faction has no plans of leaving office and makes themselves dictator for life , and then spends their time screwing over the other factions . 
  tito suppressed dissent too , but he was undoubtedly the only man capable of keeping yugoslavia together . 
  it 's difficult to rule a nation any other way when there are many radical factions who seek to take control of the country . 
  and now the lack of opportunities in the refugee camps and the prospect of decades of civil war in syria are pushing these refugees towards wealthier countries . 
  gulf states are closed so they go to europe . 
  the person you replied to should have clarified that it 's the gulf states that do n't take in refugees , border states such as turkey and lebanon border the conflict zone so of course they take in most of the refugees . 
  the gulf states are partially ( but not completely ) responsible for the conflict in syria becoming so protracted . 
  you could argue that they 're deliberately shoving this problem onto us to advance their own agenda . 
  many people fear demographic warfare for good reason . 
  we only have to look at the countries neighbouring russia to see how migration can be weaponized to advance another countries agenda . 
  we really need to do something to counter the unrealistic expectations these people have about europe and its asylum system . 
  the press have n't helped by broadcasting certain politicians comments about everyone being welcome , part of the blame also lies with the politicians themselves and their spin doctors who gave these statements to the press in the first place . 
  the traffickers have also clearly spent a lot of effort spreading wild rumours about how immigration works here . 
  it 's not a package holiday , if you want asylum in a safe country you should be happy with what you 've got , even a wooden shack in rural poland with a school nearby is 100x better than living in a refugee camp in turkey . 
  people should learn to be grateful for what they get , not demand more from the benevolent state who frankly gains nothing from accepting these people in the first place . 
  these people are all safe in turkey so we have no legal obligation to even take them . 
  these people will get shipped to sweden and sweden will then try to ship these people to a rural area so as to not make their ghetto problem worse . 
  they will of course protest again and refuse to co-operate until they are shipped into existing ghetto 's in the urban areas . 
  realistic expectations have to be set . 
  hungary had the right idea by being firm with the migrants , processing them and enforcing the rules . 
  it 's a shame they buckled due to outside pressure and lack of resources . 
  the moment you show yourself as a soft touch their expectations will get more and more ridiculous . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  stop posting and start reading . 
  women and children , people with skills , people who know multiple languages , urbanized people with moderate views . 
  people without large extended families ( so that we can take in x number without that number multiplying by 20 after family re-unification comes into play ) we ca n't save everybody and it 's not our job to do so . 
  we should take in those that will fit in with their new country . 
  our primary responsibility is to help those that will be assets to our country in the long run . 
  take a leaf out of america 's book and take in those that can generate value . 
  there is no sustainable scenario in which we take in every single refugee currently in refugee camps . 
  it simply is n't going to happen and people need to get used to that reality . 
  all dictators are hated , it does n't stop them from ruling for decades . 
  poland being forced to follow orders from a german electorate is a dictatorship plain and simple . 
  germans have no business running any country except their own . 
  merkel does n't care if she 's hated by europe , as long as she remains popular in germany . 
   racism  sweden and germany what ? 
  explain to me the differences between the `` german '' race and the `` swedish '' race ? 
  racism has nothing to do with it . 
  sweden has very little power and influence in the world . 
  germany is the most powerful economy in europe and when merkel says something everyone listens . 
  merkel is also highly respected ( god knows why ) on the global stage . 
  when she invited all refugees into germany people took it seriously . 
  that 's what happens when the de-facto head of government of a powerful country makes a promise to the global media . 
  sweden is a small pull factor as far as the migrant crisis goes , but germany has always been the largest pull . 
  and merkel 's statement made things 10x worse . 
  you really think the german banking sector could take business from the uk ... ? 
  that has about as much chance of happening as france has of becoming the industrial powerhouse of europe . 
  eu banking would go towards sweden which already has a strong banking sector , not germany . 
  you only have to look at germany 's current government to see how utterly alien the financial sector is to the german politicians and workforce . 
  german investment banks are internationally known for their incompetence and blind trust , pre-gfc it was often joked in new york that the german banks would buy pretty much any assets for any price from other traders . 
  germany is n't cut out for the world of banking . 
  whenever some idealist says that europe is a post-nationalist society i think i 'll link this thread to prove them wrong . 
  arguing over a name and complaining about people stealing the glory of your so-called ancestors ... christ . 
  but that will just make the eurozone banking sectors less competitive and more business will flow to sweden and the uk , countries outside the eurozone . 
  weakening the eurozone banking sectors might not be the best idea when many banks are 1 big shock away from bankruptcy ( again ) . 
  this is why the eurozone want an eu-wide financial transaction tax so that they can screw over non-eurozone countries equally . 
  the eurozone needs common fiscal policy and fiscal transfers , there is no other way to make it work . 
  financial transaction taxes do n't even scratch the surface . 
  india has way over a hundred million muslims already . 
  it 's not the same in the slightest . . 
  the refugees you took in were a drop in the ocean . 
  in europe it taking in all the syrian refugees ( as well as any other people who can pretend to be syrian ) would cause a massive change in the demographics . 
  india also does n't have a vast welfare state so it 's easier for you to take in refugees without making your country bankrupt . 
  they funded rebels after the civil war had already begun ... assad was shelling his own cities , it 's not as if people were n't going to fight back . 
  would you not want your government overthrown if they ordered the military to fire artillery at your home ? 
  or would you wait for america to make the decision for you ? 
  there were also other countries arming the rebels anyway like saudi and qatar . 
  the us has little/no ability to influence these countries . 
  it 's not a false dilemma though . 
  the government has limited resources to spend on peoples welfare . 
  accepting thousands of refugees means money needs to be spent on them , money which must then be taken away from someone else . 
  teaching refugees the language costs money , giving them essential skills training costs money , educating their many children costs money . 
  housing them costs money . 
  where does this extra spending money come from if not from other budgets or by increasing borrowing ? 
  very few countries in europe have government surpluses to dip into . 
  germany is the exception and not the rule .
