  many germans rely on welfare payments to feed their families , they rely on the many services that the german government provides them . 
  add too many net-drains on the government coffers and the entire system will collapse . 
  the eu is categorically not about `` free movement of benefit claimants '' , because such rules would utterly bankrupt countries like germany and the uk . 
  if you want to move to a country and work there then fine . 
  but why should you be entitled to claim welfare benefits when you 've only been there 5 minutes and you are essentially the responsibility of a different government ? 
  the state answers to the electorate ( the nationals that are actually able to vote in general/national elections ) , not the millions of foreigners who want a piece of the pie . 
  if a romanian national wants to claim welfare why do n't they ask the romanian government , as it is that government which they have elected to represent them . . 
  arab military 's are notoriously bad at fighting actual wars though , they are only good at crushing protests or killing muslims belonging to other sects . 
  look at saddam 's iraq , one of the best military 's on paper . 
  folded within weeks in the face of an actual foe . 
  or look at what happened when all the arabs decided to attack israel at a time when it had little/no friends in the world . 
  saudi 's military is all shiny equipment and well-groomed men . 
  they ca n't actually fight a real war . 
  having a sports car does not make you a racing car driver , and having advanced western weapon systems does not make you a military powerhouse either . 
  the eu is a french and german club and everyone has always known this , you may as well complain that the vatican never appoints a turkish pope . . 
  it 's nothing to do with racism and everything to do with the powers that be not wanting to invite another very large and powerful country into a union which is currently dominated by 2 powerful countries that get on fairly well with each other . 
  germany and france will never give up their dominance over the eu , especially when it 's divided enough as it is . . 
  if the eu was as discriminatory and racist as you say it is there would n't be millions of turks living in various eu member states . . how 's life for turkish people living in russia right now ? 
  how many turkish people would even be allowed to go live and work in china or belarus ? 
  i 'd wager not many . 
  that 's very naive . 
  everything a serious politician does is for the ultimate goal of attaining power . 
  of course boris believes that in the grand scheme of things he 's doing what is best for the country , every politician believes that if they attain greater power then the country will be improved . 
  that 's purely because most individuals tend to believe that they know what 's best , politicians are no different . 
  if boris did not stand to gain politically from joining the out campaign he would have likely stayed out of the referendum issue entirely . 
  no serious politician makes moves like this without being fairly sure that this decision will increase their chances of getting actual power . 
  boris is n't some backbencher mp who does whatever he wants , he 's a serious potential leadership candidate for a party that is dominated by euro-sceptics . 
  complete rubbish . 
  spain is n't going to kick out a bunch of pensioners who contribute massive amounts to the spanish economy , just as we are not going to kick out the european workers who currently live here and work . 
  we already have deals regarding healthcare coverage and payments between each country so that 's not going to go away either . 
  anyone working in a professional job in the mainland is clearly not going to be deported back to the uk , it would be completely unworkable . 
  this is a continent that ca n't even deport illegal immigrants and we 're expected to believe that the likes of germany are going to start deporting a brit that has worked in germany , paying german taxes for many years ? 
  they will keep their existing rights to work and continue working . 
  no mainland company that employs brits is going to want its government to force it to fire all these brits or spend money applying for visa 's , it would be ridiculous . 
  given that most brits abroad are contributing more than they take from the country they live in , i ca n't see why they would lose their residency . 
  frankly i doubt it would even be legal under current human rights treaties . 
  as a last resort , if the mainland does start sending back brits en-masse , we can always refuse to accept them and pretend that they are n't actually british . 
  that 's what every other country does anyway . 
  yep , i remember when all those companies left the uk after we decided not to join the euro ... oh wait that never happened because it was all a load of rubbish . 
  biased poll , bad reporting , awful spin , political posturing from many of the polled businesses , nothing to see here . 
  why would germany be so in favour of us staying in the eu if us leaving would mean that so many businesses would re-locate from the uk to mainland europe ? 
  by the logic of this poll germany should be encouraging us to leave because it would mean more businesses being set located in germany , creating more growth and tax revenue in germany . . 
  every thread about this kind of issue turns into a pissing contest where kurds and turks constantly try to one-up each other on which side is the most barbaric . 
  this comment thread is a prime example . 
  it 's playground squabbling . 
  in previous recent threads involving some kurdish violence there were countless turks taking the opportunity to shitpost and gloat in the comment section it 's just utterly pathetic viewing it from the outside . 
  you say it 's not an all-out ethnic war yet there 's clearly a lot of bitterness on both sides and this bitterness exists in the real world too and creates conflict . 
  we should n't tolerate idiots bringing their conflicts with them when they migrate . 
  if people want to fight in an ethnic war they can go back to their home country and do it there . 
  if the ira decided to have turf wars with unionist paramilitaries in istanbul i expect you 'd be pissed off too . 
  the us does n't answer to serbia and likely did not have serbia 's intelligence on this . 
  it has no obligation to wait for other countries to pay ransoms to release hostages before carrying out air strikes on terrorist strongholds , and more to the point the us would not have known that there were serbian hostages in there anyway . 
  the bottom line is serbia and the us are not allies . 
  that means they do n't share much sensitive information with each other . 
  the us would n't have known about the serbian hostage issue . 
  serbia would have a right to complain if the us was an ally that they often shared intelligence with , but in this case what more could the us have done other than re-double its efforts in creating mind-reading technology ? 
  i 'm sure most is strongholds always have a few hostages/human shields in them at any point in time . 
  putting civilians in harms way is the bread and butter of islamic insurgency . 
  does n't stuff like this come from france fairly often ? 
  it 's no secret that they favour further integration in many areas . 
  taxation is an obvious area that many countries including france and germany want to harmonise but the problem is countries like luxembourg and the netherlands will block anything that hurts their status as tax havens . 
  it 's been a stumbling block for many years and the uk has n't really been the main country blocking progress on this . 
  the eurozone is heavily divided politically which limits its abilities to move forward . 
  france has long known that the eurozone needs greater political integration in order to solve its structural issues , but it currently speaks from a position of relative weakness ( i.e. 
  a weak economy and its government has no money ) , germany holds all the cards when it comes to any decisions that will cost money and they have long been opposed to any kind of fiscal transfers or eurobonds . 
  nobody will agree to greater budgetary constraints ( including france ) without there being some kind of federal government to distribute money across the eurozone . 
  germany will never agree to anything like that . 
  eu membership has never been all-or-nothing , because different countries gain more or less from membership than others . 
  our rebate for example was designed because we pay nearly the same membership fees as france yet france draws a lot more money from the eu due to the cap . 
  therefore we got a rebate to make things `` fair '' . 
  there are many examples of opt-outs and other individual deals being made with certain member states . 
  this eu of yours where it 's all-or-nothing has never , ever existed except in your imagination . 
  it 's historical revisionism to suggest otherwise . 
  because you do not have the legal power to expel another country from the eu , so holding a referendum over it would be pointless . 
  the uk does have the freedom to leave if it wants , therefore it 's able to hold a referendum . 
  this is n't a difficult concept . 
  in a similar vein we do n't get to hold a referendum over whether germany should be split into 2 again because we have no legal right to decide what germany does . 
  what you 're essentially saying is that people would like the uk 's politics if they made self-destructive decisions that are against their own interests , such as signing up to a european super-state and joining the euro . 
  with friends like that ... why ca n't every country act in their own self-interest and be honest about it ? 
  there 's really nothing wrong with it . 
  it 's intellectually dishonest to suggest that the other eu nations do n't have exactly the same motives ( self-interest ) , it 's just that many countries are more quiet and dishonest about why they do things . 
  why is germany constantly stalling progress on eurozone integration and the single service market ? 
  because it 's in their own interest . 
  why does france constantly protect an outdated and wasteful cap ? 
  because it 's in their own interest . 
  every country does these things . 
  the pope is a head of state , he is obviously still welcome to visit other countries and make speeches . 
  the saudi king can do the same , iran 's leader can do the same , etc. 
  you ca n't ban a head of state from visiting your country unless you 're literally at war with them . 
  it 's not our fault that islam does n't have a `` pope '' , why should we take the blame for the fact that islam is so heavily fragmented and politically disorganized ? 
  that 's a problem for them to solve . 
  you 're talking rubbish and resorting to creating stupid straw-men . 
  what `` redditors '' are you actually talking about here ? 
  you do realise that if not for the west 's actions , your entire nation would have been under russian control for many decades , right ? 
  or are you a self-hating american with 1/32nd german ancestry ? 
  there 's a reason why germans in 1945 fled west as fast as they possibly could , people were terrified of the russians and knew that they were far better off being ruled by america . 
  banks do n't care about ethics . 
  the reason nobody lends to far-right parties is because they tend to be nepotistic in leadership ( check ) , have bad history with finances ( check ) and they 're just generally much riskier to lend to than establishment parties . 
  russian banks lend money because they are politically motivated to do so ( read : the government leans on them and likely covers the costs ) , they do n't actually expect to get the money back . 
  it 's the same reason why a bank would rather lend money to google rather than a kebab shop .
