  not just that . 
  but the vvd and cda have been adopting even more of his rhetoric . 
  and the alt-right party fvd got 2 seats in parliament . 
   personally i respect that they took the responsibility to get into government even when they probably knew it 'd hurt them like this . 
  unless you 're right-wing i do n't really see this sentiment making any sense . 
   i hope jesse klaver knows he 's going to have to surrender most of the ` links ' part of groenlinks . 
  if he does it 's probably going to cost the party dearly . 
  if they fail to negotiate a deal with gl ( which is quite likely ) cu would be in a far better position during negotiations , since they 'd be the last realistic option . 
  d66 also lacks a thorough restructuring of the economy . 
   every party basically has them in their program nowadays . 
  having it in the program is one thing . 
  actually working towards it is quite something different . 
  in that entire section i count about 37.5 billion euros of lastenverlichting , while only counting 17.1 billion euros of lastenverzwaring . 
  and if you look at the overview ( table 2.1 of the hooofdlijnen ) you 'll see that gl increases the purchasing power of the working people by 1.3 % ( which is 0.1 higher than vvd for example ) . 
  heck according to the same overview gl 's policy would reduce our gini coefficient by 6 % . 
  it 's called nivelleren . 
  maybe you should look at the big picture rather than at some isolated figures . 
  a left-wing party is n't going to screw over the regular worker , that 's antithetical to what the left is all about . 
  sounds like a tax reduction on the middle class to me . 
  and there 's no reference to small businesses to be found . 
  but maybe i 've missed it . 
   as we say , glas plas was . 
  we do ? 
  first time i 've heard it . 
   it 'll be same old same old politics like it was since ww2 . 
  personally i 'd like something different . 
  normal ? 
  then you have n't noticed how much the pvv and cda has shifted towards the pvv . 
  there 's a lot of people who think it does . 
  while it 's a logical result of the election results , it 's also fucking awful . 
  wait why do they close so early ? 
  do n't people have to work or something ? 
  edit : voting on sunday , got it . 
  ( fyi in the netherlands we vote on wednesdays . ), 
  i 'm not sure anything with vvd will be truly climate friendly . 
  well that 's good news . 
  the talking heads are n't all that interesting ( sorry jesse ) , if you 're a bit like me you might find the party programmes ( or better yet their articles written by their scientific bureaus ) a lot better . 
  i&o always has a small pvv . 
  it 's probably ( though not hopefully ) a bias in their part . 
  fair enough . 
  how exactly was our sovereignty being threatened ? 
  yeah but if we make sure everyone that tries to cross the mediterranean drowns they 'll lose all hope and not even attempt it . 
  that 's why torpedoing some boats full of refugees now will save lives in the long run making it morally justified . 
  idk , this kind of escalation will only strengthen erdogan 's position . 
  i feel like we 're getting played here . 
  though i 'm not sure if it 's erdogan playing us , or the political establishment in both parties playing the electorate . 
  [ could be beter , could be worse . 
  ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=80270ned&amp;d1=24&amp;d2=0&amp;d3=0-2%2c6-7&amp;d4=a&amp;hdr=t&amp;stb=g1%2cg2%2cg3&amp;charttype=1&amp;vw=g ) about 1/5 has trouble holding a conversation in dutch , which is more than i would 've suspected . 
  though the effect seems to be gone by the 2nd generation . 
   diplomacy is a two way street . 
  i say we owe them one . 
  assuming wilders has n't already put us on a insult-deficit . 
  given how they 've treated foreign democracies during the cold war this should n't be a surprised . 
   forgot to mention that a coalition with the pvv is also `` not . 
  going . 
  happen . '', 
  according our pm . 
  it might be worth noting that a [ recent poll ] ( http://www.ad.nl/binnenland/peiling-kiezers-geloven-rutte-niet-over-pvv~a4c71195/ ) showed that 71 % of respondents do n't believe rutte when he says he wo n't work with the pvv . 
  well , i 'm not going to complain about pvda committing political suicide , at least they 'll end up reducing the fragmentation of the left . 
  i 'd be surprised if pvda will enable yet another right-wing cabinet . 
   i am just not really sure how exactly gl will rule out the vvd . 
  they say it is going to be unlikely , but they have n't made a hard statement on exclusion . 
  they have n't excluded vvd . 
  they did state some preconditions to working with the vvd that seem rather unlikely to be met . 
  he 's not all that popular , a mere 16 % of people are willing to vote for him . 
  that 's 84 % who do n't . 
  the only reason he 's relevant is because the people that do n't vote for him are spread out over about 10 different parties . 
  that 's basically the dutch system , we have about 10 relevant parties so it 's quite possible to be the largest party without actually enjoying broad support . 
  the right is at about 41 % in the polls , the center at about 22 % and the left at about 31 % . 
  vvd and pvv are the largest parties at the moment with about 16 % each . 
   back to the netherlands take issue with immigrants ? 
  fun fact , there are more people volunteering to help with the refugee thing than we have refugees . 
  socialism , the last 50 years ?!, 
  under what rock have you been living . 
  every goddamn government has been centre-right ( or further to the right ) at best . 
  was there even any coalition since ww2 that did n't include either cda , vvd or any of their precursors ? 
  i doubt cda will want that , they seem to have forgotten they 're supposed to be in the centre not the right . 
  did n't klaver basically say he 'd rather have new elections than work with vvd without some major consessions ? 
  fallacy fallacy ? 
  also i did n't see myself arguing against crime statistics , not sure what you 're going for there . 
  the point , and i 'll spell it out clearly , is that the people voting for wilders wo n't be pleased with any amount of anti-immigrant policy . 
  even if we kick everyone who is n't pearly white out of our country these people still wo n't be pleased because the actual cause of their anger wo n't we resolved . 
  in all the interviews and things i 've seen with the pvv voter their anger is directed at certain issues in society , issues they think are exacerbated by our immigration policy , but as far as i can tell are n't ( or at least not to the degree they seem to think ) . 
  most of them even stress the point that they 're fine with moderate muslims who integrate/participate properly . 
  to further add to the irony , at least in my view , the issues they 're angry about are mostly caused by right-wing policy something we 're going to get more of if the anti-immigration parties get in power ( since they 're right-wing ) . 
  i 'm not going to concede to the existence of a large group of people i 've only ever heard about in hypotheticals . 
  my view is n't based on personal experience but on the numerous journalistic attempts to actually figure out what motivates the wilder 's voters i 've seen over the years . 
  a lot of them do n't even believe the pvv will really solve anything they just see it as a way to punish the political establishment . 
  sure , i would n't refer to `` creating more problems '' as helping . 
  we 're going to have to be smart about it . 
  some of the refugees are already here in europe while far more are in countries next to the conflict . 
  and the problem with the latter is that those countries are likely to destabilise under the strain which would lead to far more privileged l problems . 
  we ca n't just descent into isolationism like the pvv and their ilk seem to want . 
  nah , you tell me instead . 
  are some people inherently criminal or are criminals primarily created by their environment ? 
  good thing i was n't talking about people the world over but about the dutch people . 
  pretty much all of the reasons i 've heard for voting pvv is something along the lines of : `` i 've got nothing against muslims/immigrants but i do n't want any more money/attention going to them because we have plenty of problems get to begin with . '', 
  usually followed with something about feeling abandoned by the political establishment breedste te average person is being hit by austerity while the people/companies that caused the crisis go unpunished . 
  do you have sources for all those claims ? 
  yes ?
