  not to mention that the same argument can just as easily be applied at the national level . 
  ( also iceland is n't an eu member , not quite sure what you meant by that . ), 
   the uk goverment is very much pro-eu i do n't think you 're really pro-eu if you constantly use it as a scapegoat . 
   which really is n't sufficient reason to keep halting the progress into the next century . 
  i ca n't imagine how dark or boring the future must be for nation states to remain relevant indefinitely . 
  but they 're not foreigners , they 're fellow european citizens . 
  have we read the same article ? 
  cause as far as i can tell joris does n't want to increase the amount of power the eu has at all . 
  rather he wants what power it already has to be handled more democratically . 
  because a free trade agreement is n't quite the same thing as being a part of the single market . 
  yeah , after that eu/ukraine association agreement referendum debacle ( and now the brexit thing ) i 'd be surprised if any of our politicians will promise to follow the result of the referendum . 
  i guess a minister could request a referendum but i do n't see that happening . 
  the popular initiative version can only be done for laws/treaties that have just been signed . 
  not to mention that afaik it is legally impossible , barring a sudden new eu treaty . 
  well as i understand it a lot of the special treatment and exceptions the uk has they managed to get under the threat of leaving the eu . 
  staying in the eu after the referendum makes it kinda clear that all that was just posturing done to get their way , if they 're not leaving now they 're probably not going to leave ever . 
  so that particular bluff should n't work any more . 
  how do you get that from that comment ? 
  being a populist demagogue goes a bit beyond `` giving your honest opinion '' . 
  some of it is probably also down to politicians erring on the side of national sovereignty ( or if you 're a cynic , erring on the side of keeping to power to themselves ) . 
  pfeh . 
  if you advocate for a group having certain powers you do n't get to complain if they 're misused ? 
  by the exact same logic anti-eu people should n't get to complain if their national governments make bad decisions . 
  if i have to take responsibility for every decision made by the power distribution i 'm in favour of then i might as well advocate for making me supreme leader of the world . 
  is n't that basically all governments ? 
  it 's not like any of us here agrees 100 % with what their national ( or local ) government is doing . 
  indeed , for-profit media is one heck of a problem . 
  i recently binge-listened to skeptics with a k who do quite a bit on [ media ] ( http://www.merseysideskeptics.org.uk/category/media/ ) and man is modern news-media insane . 
  most basically are n't even allowed to do proper journalism because that 'd be too expensive . 
  i 'd rather just blame both the racists and politicians exploiting them . 
  being provoked by politicians is no excuse , we 're all exposed to their bullshit but only a few attack foreigners . 
   a really crappy deal ( including free movement , payment to eu , ceding all voting rights in eu , potentially losing scotland ) which is basically the deal any non-eu country would get . 
  you do realize that spelling out period at the end of your argument just makes you look like an angry twat ? 
  it does n't actually make your argument hold water . 
  also denying them the vote does n't make them go away . 
  you think the poor disenfranchised are a problem now ? 
  they already think they 're not getting listen to . 
  taking away their right to vote wo n't make the situation any better . 
  sure . 
  * but there is no need to refer to the poor as human garbage . 
  * that 's the issue i 'm taking here , not the tax based incentive . 
  meanwhile the vast majority of students in higher education who do n't pay taxes ( because they live off student loans ) are human garbage ? 
  and the working poor who earn too little to pay taxes are human garbage ? 
  and those with disabilities , unable to work , living off benefits are human garbage ? 
  you basically want to recreate a 21st century equivalent of the good old days of democracy when only land owning gentlemen had a vote . 
  yet you claim others are the human garbage ? 
  oh wow not having any money means you 're human garbage ? 
  so fix that instead of making the inequality official ? 
   negotiating the conditions of their exit ; it takes two to negotiate , why would the eu negotiate if article 50 has n't been triggered ? 
  well sorta . 
  after any law or such is signed there is a period during which anyone could request a referendum on the matter . 
  ( as far as i can tell our government does n't call for referenda , tough i could be wrong about that . ), 
  such a request requires 10 000 signatures and needs to be followed up by a second definitive request with 300 000 signatures , if both requests are accepted a referendum happens . 
  basically any time our government signs a new law ( & for some other things ) it goes `` everyone cool with this ? '', 
  and if a sufficient number are uncool a referendum happens . 
  so there are two ways a nexit referendum could happen . 
  if a law is signed stating that we will leave the eu ( a law that triggers article 50 or something ) and a referendum is requested . 
  but this would never happen as such a law would n't pass our parliament ( only 1 party in our parliament would be in favour , that 's probably no even enough for it to get on the agenda ) . 
  a more realistic way would be if a new eu treaty is being signed into law and ~ 300 000 angry euroskeptics file a referendum request . 
  i 'd be more sympathetic to the dutch populist voters if there were n't perfectly good non-populist opposition parties they could vote for if they wanted to spite the establishment parties . 
  it 's not like there are n't any alternatives to the cda , pvda or vvd they 're like 13 other parties in parliament . 
  i 'm just glad a dutch referendum on the eu is legally impossible at the moment . 
  ( we can only hold a referendum in the brief window when a law is accepted by parliament but not yet gone into effect . ), 
  also would n't , compared to the kind of treatment the remain camp has talked about , being given no special treatment be tantamount to punishment ? 
   52 % of people would disagree with you there , especially ukip :p [ that remains to be seen . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2016/jun/25/brexit-live-emergency-meetings-eu-uk-leave-vote?page=with:block-576e2c76e4b0be24d34f6017#block-576e2c76e4b0be24d34f6017 ) :p, 
   underhand closed door politics by national governments . 
  with a liberal helping of using the eu as a scapegoat for unpopular things while claiming national responsibility for anything popular . 
   its incredibly hard for eu citicens to put pressure on the eu . 
  is n't a big part of this due to the one eu body directly elected by the people ( the european parliament ) also being one of the weakest ? 
  while most of the real power lies by appointees appointed by appointees in the national governments ? 
  the national government seem rather content to let the power lie by their appointees ( while blaming the eu for the things their appointees do ) rather than actually give the parliament real power . 
   ultimately , i believe it should be down to the people , not parties . 
  well then you 'd like the pvv since the only member is wilders himself !, 
  / s but they 're a bit scary yeah , crazy high in the polls at the moment . 
  though in the end it was n't just ukip but also the tories/cameron 's stupidity and i do n't expect the vvd to try to pull something like that ( especially not after watching it backfire horribly in the uk ) . 
  could we maybe ban lies in politics ? 
  that 'd be nice . 
   i do n't think you can compare ukraine to this , their referendum happened whilst occupied by russia , a country notorious for unfair elections . 
  sorry if i was unclear but i did n't mean the referendum in ukraine , i was referring to the referendum on the ukraine-eu association agreement in the netherlands of earlier this year . 
   surely your parliament can change the law and call for a new referendum though ? 
  you 'd need a government that wanted a referendum , but can parliament change the law ? 
  technically speaking , but it 'd require a constitutional change ( which iirc requires 2/3 majority to call a constitutional congress , followed by special elections , the actual congress done by the newly elected and again 2/3 majority to accept the results of the congress ) . 
  and our government does n't want an eu referendum at all . 
  the only party that wants to leave the eu is the pvv ( aka wilders ) and they 're not government material , having alienated pretty much every other party with their populist rhetoric and policy . 
  i was more addressing the whole `` one country deciding for everyone '' part . 
  note how i do n't actually give a solution to the immigration issue , i just say something about how responsibility for it ought to be organized . 
  i do n't actually know how immigration ought to be solved , it 's a hairy issue to say the least . 
  but policy on it should probably be harmonized across europe , which wo n't happen any time soon if we have 27 national government argue about it . 
   if there was a referendum then you could make sure everyone is informed . 
  if the ukraine thing is any indication informed decisions are impossible in a referendum . 
  the anti-eu people lied horribly then and they 'll lie just as badly in a real eu referendum . 
  ( i do n't recall any lies by the pro-eu people , but i 'm kinda biased so i might not have noticed it . ), 
  luckily though an eu referendum is impossible in the netherlands . 
  i 'd forgotten but some other thread reminded me of this . 
  in the netherlands a referendum can only be held on a treaty or law during the period in which the law/treaty has been signed but has yet to go into effect . 
  ( and referendums can only be held on laws or treaties . ), 
  the current eu treaty is in effect so the window for having a referendum about it has passed . 
  any eu referendum will have to wait for a new treaty . 
  fucking sigh -_- you 're trolling are n't you ?
