   back to my first point it is n't really practical to stalk a politician and make him regret his position . 
  the other side being that lobbies also know where he live and what buttons to push . 
  he does n't have to regret his position ( assuming no laws were broken ) he just needs to be removed from it . 
  and lobbies are n't 100 % evil , sure the tobacco lobby is but the cancer pantient lobby ? 
   this is exactly my problem you do not know who is in charge sure we do cabinet + parliament + senate . 
  they 're the ones the people put in positions of power ( well legislative and executive power ) and they 're the ones that will be held responsible . 
   faceless parliament is imposible to corrupt and virtually impossible to contaminate true . 
  there are other ways to guarantee the independence of judges ( at least how me manage here , it 's a pretty important given we do n't use a jury ) . 
  the head of state ( aka king ) appoints a judge for life after a commission of jurors and laypersons has determined who to appoint . 
  politicians have no official influence over this . 
  and then there 's the procedure of `` wraking '' which allows one of the parties in a court case to demand a new judge if there is reason to assume the judge is n't impartial/independent . 
  ( it is n't invoked often but when it is they tend to err on the side of caution and appoint another judge to the case . ), 
  the only political party that afaik tried to change this is the pvv who wanted to fire judges for being to lenient . 
   is anybody accountable in our current model ? 
  well we know what politician did what en where they live , it 's more accountable than someone anonymous . 
  there are things like public corruption scandals ( just try to find conflicts of interest of an anonymous parliament ) , votes of no confidence , politicians/cabinets that step down , constituents to keep satisfied , voters that can walk away , investigative journalism that keeps tabs on what 's what , opposition that scrutinizes everything you do , etc. 
  try to do that when the public ca n't even know who is in charge . 
  and the system is really vulnerable , it would just take a little corruption/blackmail of those responsible for the assignment of the anonymous parliament and you 've got yourself an anonymous dictator . 
   their own self interest of creating a better society , as they are not career politicians at the end of their term they will rejoin the society the changed . 
  ah so random faceless strangers are waaaay more trustworthy than a politician ? 
  ah , i see you 're from romania that may explain our difference of opinions somewhat . 
  on the [ 2012 corruption perceptions index ] ( http://cpi.transparency.org/cpi2012/results/ ) netherland scores 84 ( 9th least corrupt in the world ) and romania 44 ( 66th least corrupt in the world ) . 
  so perhaps your idea of an anonymous parliament would indeed be an improvement in romania , i however do n't think it would be here in the netherlands . 
   who believes gl after halsema turned it into an opportunist party ? 
  would n't know what you 're talking about , i 'm too young to remember greenleft under rosemuller . 
   the only reasonable alternative seems to be sp . 
  that bunch of eurosceptics ? 
  oh sure , i just hope the relevant laws get updated . 
  oh yeah i remember those youtube commercials . 
  were n't those kinda against the spirit of dutch electoral law since ( at least tv ) commercials are banned or strictly regulated ? 
   like a severe punishment for a victimless crime or something similar . 
  unlikely given the number of dutch folk who think that judges punish too lightly . 
  seriously though our judicial branch and legislative branch are quite well separated . 
  politicians have little power over judges and ( iirc ) none of the parties seem to think this ought to change ( except for the pvv but they 're bonkers ) . 
  i do wonder why the dutch appear to be a lot less afraid of their governments than others ( though that perception may be wrong ) . 
  is it because of our long tradition of egalitarianism ? 
  of our view that leaders are there to serve people instead of the other way around ( started by william of orange back in the 16th century ) ? 
  is it because of our politics of compromise ? 
  or is it because a dutch cabinet that does n't fall before the end of it 's term are quite rare ? 
   this is because , sadly , we are currently in a position internationally that makes us pretty much subservient to the usa . 
  while the usa is powerfull i 'd assume that a government that at least tries to act in favor of our privacy would be an improvement over one that gleefully violates it . 
  we do a lot of warentless phone tapping of our own volition . 
   edit : out of curiosity , where do you stand on the leadership of gl ? 
  halsema was awesome . 
  sap seemed to lack charisma/passion which is quite important for a lijsttrekker since people react better to an emotional message than a rational one . 
  the whole kunduz debacle was unwinnable , tough politically it probably would have been wiser to err on the side of the pacifists . 
  ( especially in hindsight . ), 
  the spring-deal seemed to have been handled well . 
  after she left some rumors surfaced about her leadership style being quite authoritarian if this is true i say good riddance , authoritarianism is quite contrary to the spirit of greenleft . 
  the way the whole lijsttrekkers elections thing was managed by the party leadership ( different from the lijsttrekkers who are solely political leaders ) was shameful . 
  regardless of ones view of tofik dibi he is an accomplished and competent politician . 
  heck in 2010 he was nr 3 on the list , just behind sap ( halsema on 1 ) . 
  apparently a couple of other candidates were also rejected . 
  the whole thing was idiotic , even cda was handling their lijsttrekker elections more democratically . 
  anyway those responsible have stepped down and a lot of the outdated party mechanisms have been reformed . 
  it probably wo n't happen again . 
  do n't know much about bram van oijk which shows he is doing his job well . 
  he 's simply supposed to mind the shop ( he already said he probably wo n't be participating in the next lijsttrekker election ) and have the party keep low profile for a while . 
  during and after the lijsttrekker election debacle it seemed like the media was simply trying to kill off the party . 
  so the plan is to lay low until the eu elections next year . 
  the current non-political party leader is rik grashof . 
  i actually met the guy at the only local greenleft meeting i 've attended so far , he 's a nice guy i think the party is in good hands with him . 
  i 'm hoping jesse klaver will be the next lijsttrekker , he seems to have plenty of the charisma and passion sap lacked ( and non of the nervous demeanor dibi has ) . 
  hopefully arjan el fassed will get back into parliament , he 's really big on privacy , internet freedom , government transparency and such . 
  googled around a bit , surprised i could n't find any clear study on judge vs jury thigns . 
  did find [ this ] ( http://heinonline.org/hol/landingpage?collection=journals&amp;handle=hein.journals/judica59&amp;div=120&amp;id=&amp;page= ) though . 
  a quick look at my sociology textbooks did n't yield anything . 
  though it did serve as a useful reminder of the metric crapton of cognitive biases we humans have . 
  the halo effect , just-world hypothesis or just in/out-group effects are a couple of examples that could seriously screw up any judgement . 
  whether judges or juries are better in that regard remains to be seen , though i 'd assume it would be the one with professional training and years of experience . 
  still though , if anonymous strangers get to rule who will be held accountable if shit hits the fan ? 
  according to an article in the june edition of kijk ( dutch pop-science magazine ) called `` what if the eu was never formed '' world war 3 would have been a real possibility if the european coal and steel community was never formed . 
  the community was set up on purpose in such a way that the members basically had to surrender control of their military industrial complex . 
  it was done to ensure peace . 
  so yes , that peace prize was bloody well deserved . 
  same here . 
  the page was also linked on / r/til , it 's not just / r/europe doing the ddosing . 
  it 's almost as if that nobel peace prize was actually deserved !, 
   i personally see the `` jury of peers '' as a democratization of the justice system . 
  the idea of democratic justice system makes me a bit uneasy . 
  i think justice should be about objective truth ( or as objective as it can get ) and democracy definitely is n't . 
  democracy already has a say in justice via the legislative process , they get to define what is and is n't illegal . 
  someone 's guilt should n't be up for popular vote , it should be determined as objectively and rationally as possible . 
  --  the sourcing of legislation would still remain the same , the voting would be crowed sourced . 
  i did n't make this clear in my previous post but i would n't want the actual voting on legislation to be done by the crowd . 
  the representatives should still be the ones to vote and the ones responsible for the whole thing . 
  i just would like to make the process as transparent as possible ( with strictly time limited exceptions for secret matters ) and give the representatives access to crowd sourcing as a tool to use as they see fit . 
  transparency should n't be optional . 
  of course they 're going to get feedback from the crowd whether they like it or not and the loudest ones will be best heard , but that 's a feature of any democracy . 
  ( edit  part of the issue with a participatory democracy is that there ought to be a good balance between the influence of the general elections and the influence of the participatory system . 
  we should n't penalize those little interest in politics . 
   think about this scenario , 1000 representatives annually selected anonymously from all of our countries voting for legislation . 
  legislators that actually would need convincing to vote for something . 
  lobby groups and law proponents that actually had to explain their opinions a faceless agora of voters made of apolitical commoners , the royalty of europe would weep for weeks . 
  sounds like [ sortition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sortition ) , it 's an interesting suggestion though i 'd be afraid that anonymity would foul things up . 
  i would n't trust the choice of people who wo n't be held responsible for their choices . 
  easy [ greenleft ] ( http://europa.groenlinks.nl/node/98559 ) !, 
  sure they 're not a major party but that 's because people , for some incomprehensible reason , do n't vote for them . 
  personally i prefer to vote for a small party i actually agree with than with some larger party i agree with a lot less . 
  [ greenleft on privacy ] ( http://standpunten.groenlinks.nl/privacy ) ( ex .
