   you should concentrate on keeping your other member states together rather than exacting some sort of weird vengeance on the uk . 
  disincentivizing other member states to leave is perfectly in line with keeping them together . 
  [ the current top / r/nottheonion link is brilliant . 
  ] ( http://www.cnet.com/news/what-is-the-eu-trends-on-google-in-the-uk-as-the-country-votes-to-leave/ ), 
  if it were n't for the glib dig at half the population 's intelligence i would 've let the slightly dodgy statistics slide . 
  if you 're going to complain about people 's intelligence or ignorance , at least make sure you 're complaints are accurate . 
  [ afraid not . 
  ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2016/06/24/man-who-voted-for-leave-says-he-thought-his-vote-wouldnt-count-wins-moron-of-the-year-award-5964450/ ) there 's even a clip of the idiot . 
  well [ median ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median ) is literally defined as the value that separates the data in two , with half below and half above the value . 
  i do n't know what the other guy was thinking , maybe he was mistook it for mean ? 
  granted intelligence is probably normally distributed so median and average would be the same . 
   makes it much easier to replace a government . 
  how ? 
  between gerrymandering and the tendency towards a two party system it does n't seem to facilitate the changing of government at all . 
   tl : dr ; always remember half the people out there voting are of below average intelligence . 
  median . 
  the average can differ from the median in a skewed distribution . 
  indeed [ the gut is known for it 's statistically perfect predictions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cognitive_biases ) . 
   the vatican could fit in the list as well that 's because i looked up the list . 
   less unskilled labour means more room for skilled people the country actually needs . 
  i do n't follow . 
  are you literally referring to living space ? 
   as leave supporters have put it , the eu is n't the sort of club you want to be in if it wants to kneecap people on exit , that 's more the mafia 's bag of tea . 
  kneecapping is quite the exaggeration , losing the benefits of membership if you cease to be a member is hardly a unexpected . 
  and it 's in the eu 's best interest to disincentive member states to leave , after all a union without members does n't exist . 
  which means that whatever deal the uk will get in the future it has to be worse than actual membership ( not accounting for the value of independence from the eu itself ) . 
  that does n't mean that the deal has to be bad compared to not having a deal at all , it just ca n't be good compared to membership ( again ignoring the value of independence itself ) . 
  at least he 's funnier than cameron , though i 'm glad i can witness it from across the channel . 
   that thing in italy i can ' r recall the vatican ? 
  or san marino . 
  well we 're still allied through nato , so it 's not a complete loss defense wise . 
  but we 're not really that pro-integration though . 
  d66 and greenleft are probably the most pro-eu parties we have and they account for about 16 seats in parliament at the moment , compare that to the 15 seats of the nexit party pvv . 
  granted maybe the pro-eu-but-let 's - keep-things-more-or-less-the-same block is a bit bigger than most countries ( and probably the majority in the netherlands ) . 
  why that is i do n't really know , it 's probably a bunch of factors . 
  i suspect it is in part because we damn well know we have a massively internationally dependent economy . 
  historically we 've always been a nation of trade ( though maybe without the uk 's island mentality ) . 
  government policy has always reflected this international economy , see for example the language requirements in education . 
  ( everybody learns english , higher levels of education require even more foreign languages ( usually french or german ) and most ( if not all ) of our master 's programs are in english ( with a decent number of bachelor programs as well ) . ), 
  another part of it may be that we 're a rather small country who 'd probably just be pushed around if not for the eu . 
  ( at least the uk can fool itself into thinking it has significant political clout internationally speaking . ), 
  granted now we lose `` sovereignty '' to the eu but at least we have a say in what it does ( not to mention that we 're significantly closer politically and culturally speaking to the other eu countries than the rest of the world ) . 
  also you ca n't throw as stone around here without it landing in a different country , having the borders close on us would be rather claustrophobic . 
  and it might help that historically speaking dutch politics has tended towards pragmatic compromise , see [ poldermodel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polder_model ) and [ pillarization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pillarisation ) , despite current populism . 
  or maybe we 're just a bunch of political/economical union hipster , i mean the [ benelux ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benelux ) was here first . 
  i knew i shoud 've qualified this . 
  by `` progressive '' i do n't mean the us definition of the word , i mean the more european/dutch usage , people more open to changing how current government/society works . 
  literally the opposite from conservative ( as in people in favour of maintaining traditional social/government institutions ) . 
  for example , greenleft is willing to consider looser labour laws ( as long as proper social protections are in place ) and wants to update the pension system to bring it more in line with how people currently work , while the socialist party ( left conservative ) are , well , more conservative about these things . 
  and the current unhappiness has nothing to do with the progressive thing . 
  most dutch redditors are simply pro-eu . 
  ( which correlates with the progesssive thing in dutch politics . 
  because pro-europe is generally considered to be synonymous with pro-further-integration , which would require a change to current social/governmental institution . ), 
  i 'm not sure if the pro/anti-reform lines are that easily drawn . 
  the national governments do also seem to like to fuck over the eu ( they , for example , seem to always use it as a scapegoat ) . 
  the european council and parliament do n't seem to see eye to eye with regards to a lot of things ( including reform ) . 
  and i 'm not sure if the council should even be considered to be really democratically european since they consist of appointees from the national governments ( iirc ) . 
  unlike the eu parliament which actually directly represents the people . 
  that 's my biggest gripe with the eu at the moment , all the bodies appointed by national governments . 
  i ca n't trust them to actually do what 's best for the eu as a whole without protecting the interest of the people who appointed them directly . 
  well one thing to keep in mind is that if / r/thenetherlands is any indication the dutch redditors are rather pro-europe and progressive compared to the rest of the country . 
  iirc the most popular parties in / r/thenetherlands are d66 ( center progressives ) and greenleft ( left progressives ) . 
  so what the dutch people think and what dutch redditors think is likely going to differ . 
  edit : by progressive i mean progressive in a sane european political context . 
  not the tumblerites/radical feminist types . 
  i 'm not so sure , they already did the whole gedoogconstructie thing . 
  obviously crazy brains grow crazy hair . 
  and those policies are more than just populist lip service ? 
   risking that would be utterly moronic so is voting for wilders . 
  might want to wait for some kind of court/judge to make a call on that . 
  most similar means nothing . 
  two things can be arbitrarily different while remaining most similar as long as all other things area more different . 
  and the difference between the us and ( at least some ) europeen countries is significant . 
   she is a little . . special . . are you merely referring to the fetish stuff ? 
  a far greater mark against the pp , in my opinion , is that about half a year ago the entire management of the party left the party and joined the forum for democracy . 
  which sounds innocuous at face value but fvd is alt-right . 
  i would want to see more detail on how that decision was reached in the eu . 
  cause a lot of decisions in the eu were really made by the national governments using the eu as a kind of front to deflect responsibility . 
  you 're kinda jumping to conclusions there . 
  two fairly big parties , d66 and greenleft , are as good as the pirate party when it comes to privacy and internet security . 
  about 38 seats in total have gone to pro-privacy parties in the last election ( d66 , gl and pvdd ) . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of the new wet op de inlichtingen - en veiligheidsdiensten . 
  edit : for the non-dutchies . 
  it 's a draconian expansion to the powers of our intelligence service and police . 
  allowing , among other things , for mass surveillance and hacking by the government with toothless oversight . 
   the feelings of one group trumps the security of another . 
  so could we please stop tearing down our human rights just because some people feel a bit scared ? 
  or is that not the kind of security and feelings you 're referring to ? 
  is n't part of the issue that most modern security efforts require some amount of violence to be used ? 
  or at least the permission to use violence by the group that 's supposed to improve security ? 
  which in turn is a permission few countries are willing to grant to the eu . 
  and it 's a record number of seat for them . 
  greenleft was the result of a merger between the communistische partij nederland ( cpn ) , pacifistische socialistische party ( psp ) , politieke partij radicalen ( ppr ) en de evangelische volks partij ( evp ) frankly none of those sound like they would be too happy if their party ends up supporting a green but ultimately right-wing government . 
  admittedly there 's no telling how much of the sentiment of the original parties still remains with the gl electorate . 
  personally i vote for greenleft for both the green and the left aspects and think they could do with some proper socialism/communism instead of all this social democracy stuff . 
  that makes sense . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  i doubt many highly educated gl voters do so for financial reasons . 
  let 's not forget ( even though i 'd like to ) the alt-right fvd who got 2 seats . 
  hate to break it to you , but [ they 're right-wing economically as well ] ( https://decorrespondent.nl/6208/de-pvv-is-economisch-helemaal-niet-links-integendeel/373481344192-92be8b24 ) .
