   without junckers the uk would probably have voted to remain . 
  he is loathed there . 
  that is quite short sighted , he wo n't be president of the commission forever . 
  we did get the word from the french , but we spell and pronounce it differently ( just like metre/meter ) . 
   maybe if everyone used si , but that is n't true . 
  it is the most widely used measurement system by far though . 
  probably because in dutch we spell it as `` liter '' as well . 
  also 1 liter of water equals 1 kg of water . 
  obviously it is outdated . 
  but the point that funding was never actually closed to what was expected to be required still stands . 
  it 's worth noting that none of those parties i listed above have ever had the opportunity to form a ruling coalition . 
  some of them have been involved in coalitions ( pvda and d66 if i recall correctly ) but always in conjunction with either vvd or cda , neither of which seem to mention democratic eu reforms on their websites ( among their policies , `` standpunten '' , that is ) . 
  heck the vvd even has a bit on eu `` bemoeienis '' ( meddling ) . 
  about half of our parliament seems to think the eu should be abolished or kept the way it is ( the it-should-only-do-trade folks ) while the other half thinks it requires democratic reform ( with various degrees of further post-reform integration ) . 
  what 'd happen if actual reforms are proposed is indeed kinda up in the air . 
  indeed , as far as i 'm aware `` nee '' ( no ) is really just the opposite of `` ja '' ( yes ) , it does n't really have any other usages . 
  it 's probably saying something that most of the pro-eu political parties ( if not all of them , could n't be bothered to look through all the programs , just d66 , gl , pvda & sp ) all agree that the eu is in need of democratic reforms . 
  i always found [ this graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sjh5r.jpg ) to be particularly illuminating when comes to the whole `` why is nuclear fusion always 50 years away ? '', 
  thing . 
  showing that the answer to that question is that we 're perpetually 50 years away from nuclear fusion is because we do n't actually put any real effort in achieving it in the first place . 
   she 's a self admitted troll i guess that 's * technically * better than being a misandrist . 
  i do n't know about the rest but when i see people refer to `` the media '' i usually think of news media . 
  news papers , news shows , current affairs shows , political late night talkshows , etc. 
  eh i would n't be all that sure about that . 
  i 'm willing to believe that the left-wing parties & d66 would refuse to work with the pvv no matter what ( since they have too little in common any way ) . 
  but cda & vvd ? 
  i could see them working with the pvv . 
  ( they already did once . ), 
  well if you want to leave the eu at any cost , it makes sense to want to do the referendum before the cost to the uk become clear , since that might cost you the support of those that want to leave the eu at some ( but not all ) cost . 
  it 's more an informed consent vs uninformed consent type issue . 
   that can be reached with agreements between states , no need for an use which has been working oh so well in the past . 
   an use would be the result of globalisation . 
  nationalists are against use . 
  globalists are for use . 
  maybe i have a somewhat uncommon view of globalisation . 
  but to me the biggest issue with globalisation is how it allows corporations and such to play nations off against each other . 
  the only way to deal with this is for nations to make deals with one another limiting what they 're willing to offer these global entities . 
  pre-empt any deal with globally harmonized legislation . 
  granted doing this at global level ai n't going to happen any time soon . 
  but if we , as europe , band together our position against these globalized forces would be much stronger . 
  ( for example , if we had a european minister of finance all this tax dodging bullshit would be much easier dealt with . ), 
   i can live with that . 
  with the level of political power the eu has now . 
    i can not deal with more . 
  well congratulations . 
  what i was arguing for way above was not for more political power for the eu . 
  but for organizing what political power it already has in a more democratically legitimate manner . 
  fixed . 
  thanks . 
   you 're seriously implying that someone for florida will see himself as floridian above being american ? 
  i 'm sure such an individual exists . 
  though i never claimed that the eu identity needs to supplant the national identity , that 's all on you . 
   latvia can stand against russia as latvia . 
  latvians on their own could not not get at least partly assimilated in russia . 
  and latvia on it 's own ca n't stand up against the us , china , climate change or globalization ( and i doubt it could stand up to russia as wel , not for long ) , the eu could . 
  your argument in favor of nation states can also applies to the eu . 
   meaning , you guess it , that the nation that is bigger has more votes thus more power than the smaller one . 
  nations do n't get votes , citizens get votes . 
   the eu is 100 % perfect as it is now . 
  an economical and trade union . 
  hate to break it to you but the eu is not an economic and trade union . 
  it has had political elements from the start because politics , trade and economy ca n't be divorced from one another . 
  also prefect yet in a state of civil war in 10 years ? 
  bit inconsistent . 
   for the only reason that they value their national identity more than anything . 
  that 's not really a reason . 
  also we do n't have to give our national identities up , regional identities are still around despite the nation state . 
  in the us they seem perfectly capable of being both american and < insert name of state here  - ian . 
  people need to feel like they have some control over the eu and that it is n't simply a mechanism for the stronger members to exert their will upon the rest . 
  we do n't do too shabby in [ non self-reported studies ] ( http://www.ef.nl/epi/regions/europe/netherlands/ ) either ( granted that one has a self-selecting bias , turns out it 's rather hard to find a bias free study ) . 
  also there is a quite a focus on foreign languages in our secondary education . 
  ~ ~ amsterdam ~ ~ ~ ~ antlantis ~ ~ atlantis ( all the points ), 
  bit of a chicken and egg situation though . 
  if you were more interested the media would show more , if the media were to show more you 'd be more interested . 
  eh , we 'll just move to europa . 
  if we get proper democratic reforms increasing the eu 's democratic legitimacy it might lessen people 's negative view of the eu . 
  best case scenario brexit ends up motivating our politicians to perform these democratic reforms if only to reduce anti-eu sentiment . 
  ( because i got a sneaky suspicion that a lot of the democratic illegitimacy of the eu is the result of national politicians keeping power to themselves . ), 
  damn these comments here are salty . 
  did n't expect so many defensive meat eaters . 
  [ it 's a bot . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/ ), 
  because that apparently was something one of the leave campaigners said to dismiss the opinions of experts . 
  except , assuming i understood the html correctly , it ca n't even be clicked . 
  sure your pointer turns into the little hand thingy but that 's just css trickery , there is no actual html form or hyperlink . 
  edit : actually if i understand the javascript correctly you can click it but it will just do the same dodging animation it does when your mouse enters it 's area . 
  presumably for compatibility with touchscreen devices . 
  well regardless of how democratic it actually is , as long as major decisions in europe appear to be taken by the national politicians of a few countries , it will appear to be undemocratic as fuck . 
  the example he gives , of the crisis talks between founding members earlier this week , does make it seem as if 21 out of the 27 remaining members are being excluded . 
  on paper all members are supposed to be equal , but in practice a core group appears to be in control . 
  it 's kinda insane that any time there is a crisis in the eu we do n't turn to the european parliament/president/councel or other european political body , a body we all voted on collectively , but instead we turn to the leader of germany ( or france ) a position most of us did n't vote on . 
  european leadership should n't lie with any nationally elected/appointed official , those are n't beholden to all the people of europe they 're just beholden to their own country . 
  also as far as i know the eu does n't do referenda . 
  it 's always a referendum that either advises or compels a national government , if it is ignored then politics at a national level is to be blamed . 
  how can you encourage anything if the government has no hand in policy anymore ? 
  seems kinda inconsistent . 
   when europe 's democrats talk about `` eu reform '' they mean putting arrangements in place to make europe 's pooling of sovereignty democratic . 
  britons mean the rollback of that very pooling of sovereignty . 
  for this reason , britain 's membership would have hit a wall sooner or later . 
  i 'd rather start at fellow citizens and have relations deteriorate from that point than start at foreigners .
