  the attack constituted the breaking of a couple of windows , no people were hurt . 
  a lawyer working at the cultural center suspects turks based on recent tensions . 
  police are investigating . 
  or just add the appropriate amount of lag artificially . 
  the one thing worse than a circlejerk is the whiny counterjerk . 
  did you drop the / s ? 
  well there 's more than just one terrorist group . 
  but they should report it regardless , democratic legitimacy and all . 
  those wanting change are unlikely to be undecided . 
  for the non-dutch : it 's a studie investigating discrimination on a job searching website . 
  the only variable that was changed was the persons name . 
  no actual contact was had . 
  all the prospective employer had to go on was a cv . 
  there is a [ window after infection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diagnosis_of_hiv/aids#window_period ) in which a hiv test has a chance of giving a false negative ( the test saying you do n't have hiv while in reality you do ) . 
  the test detects the precense of anti-bodies and it takes your body some time to get those anti-bodies going . 
  so testing would be of limited use . 
  of course . 
  i was considering it more from a dutch perspective . 
  as a `` what if they were a dutch political party '' hypothetical . 
  i do n't know . 
  while the direct democracy certainly is n't enough reason not to vote for them . 
  and their other policies look pretty good . 
  i fail to find any mention of climate change . 
  i would n't necessarily say that people ca n't govern themselves * in principle * . 
  however making properly thought out decisions takes a lot of time and research and nobody has time for that . 
  not to mention that the reaction of some to the refugee crisis here in the netherlands has me dispairing for democracy ( not to mention the polls ) . 
  though that delegative democracy idea is actually pretty interesting . 
  apart from the direct democracy ( that just seems like too much work imho ) bit it seems quite good . 
  do you guys in the us frack near population centers ? 
  cause here in the netherlands it 's impossible not to . 
  i could imagine that some solutions you guys used may not be sufficient here due to our population density . 
   keep in mind i have no love for oil companies , which are bloated with subsidies or state sponsored monopolies . 
  i also think we should phase carbon based fuels out of our economy as soon as it is feasible to do so . 
  we 're going to continue to need to use petroleum and natural gas for chemical applications , though , and building an oil-and-gas-free infrastructure takes money and ... well , oil and gas . 
  if i were a european voter i 'd be against a fracking ban . 
  though if we reduce usage of oil and gas as fuels i do n't see why we would still need to up the production for other chemical uses . 
  not to mention that i 'd rather see us use co2 sequestering technologies ( where possible ) instead of pulling the stuff out of the ground . 
  anything to avert/reduce the climate crisis . 
   then again i 'm also 100 % in favor of gm [ 1 ] foods [ 2 ] and see protesting it as bourgeois moralism , so maybe i 'm not your prototypical european voter . 
  yeah the anti-gmo/nuklear stuff annoys me to no end as well . 
  still vote greenleft though , despite those things they 're still much better than the other parties . 
  eh , do n't pretty much all package delivery services offer the option to pay extra for faster delivery ? 
  fracking can cause mini-earthquakes and has damaged buildings here in the netherlands . 
  people were a bit ticked off . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is n't such a thing as `` eu petrochemical regulations '' it 's all still handled on a national level . 
  here in the netherlands fracking is still in the pionering phase and i doubt it will progress beyond that . 
  there 's heavy resistance from the population , dispite what some political parties want . 
  so why are n't you one of those then ? 
  if you think they 're that more worth to society than everyone else . 
  the same way we do it today ? 
  ( it 's not as if for-profit companies do n't need permission from the government to do shit like fracking . ), 
   ( 4 ) domestic policy in the us will be terrible , but ultimately not a problem for us . 
  the evangelicals are firmly in charge there . 
  let 's hope the senate flips . 
  this is probably going to results in a brain drain that will only compound the american stupidity problem . 
  just fyi those knobs are simple thermostats themselves . 
  well , at least some of the sensibler ( read : non-rightwing ) parties around here are in favour restructuring the debt and help them rebuild their economy ( including dealing with corruption and such ) . 
  i 'm hoping they get their way but they 're not in power to probably not . 
  it 's not just that they needed to be convinced . 
  it 's that they foolishly promised their electorate that all the money the greeks borrowed would be payed back , that no restructuring of debt would take place . 
  ( which they had promise because their electorate would n't accept any debt restructuring for the greeks so long as they themselves had to deal with austerity . ), 
  i 'm pretty sure the troika understood that varoufakis 's plan made economic sense but they had backed themselves into a corner politically . 
  afaik he did n't take into account the politics of the situation . 
  assumed the troika was primarily motivated by economics not politics and did n't realize his plans would lead to an ( for them ) unacceptable loss of face for the troika . 
  [ fuck the pope ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sph8qu8wlak ) you said ? 
  jup classic neo-con / right-wing / whatever-the-appropriate-name-is tactics . 
  undermine a popular thing you do n't like under the guise of austerity , so the thing starts to perform worse and public opinion turns against the thing , then you 're free to completely defund/privatize/remove the thing without political backlash . 
  does n't hold a candle to the [ dutch figures ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_netherlands#tendencies ) ( 24 % atheist , 34 % agnostic , 28 % ietsist and 14 % theist ) which we managed ( so far ) without banning religion . 
  except judges would n't even be remotely `` in charge '' of the media . 
  and judges still answer to the people ( even if they 're not elected they ca n't tick everyone off because if they do laws will be changed and they 'll be replaced ) . 
  and again `` a few '' being in charge of the worlds media accurately describes the current situation ( [ for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rupert_murdoch ) ) . 
  less power for who ? 
  an unfettered global media conglomerate has more power than many a government . 
  but allowing massive media conglomorates to lie to our faces is n't exactly working out either . 
  let the unelected judges handle it . 
  in general it seems that willingness to fight is inversely proportional to how nice the place is . 
   in 20 to 40 years , you can be served by robots at mcdonalds that 's a rather conservative estimate . 
  especially given that mcdonalds themselves wants to open [ 25 000 automated restourants by next year ] ( http://newsexaminer.net/food/mcdonalds-to-open-25000-robot-run-stores-by-2016/ ) . 
  i would n't call it inevitable , there are plenty of ways for us to fuck it up completely , but it does seem possible and rather desirable . 
  wait you raise your kids on minerals and water only ? 
  they only refer to two of the 13 parties as racist . 
  it 's derived from latin , it basically means `` with '' , so jet-with-rocker engine . 
  besides the other meaning that is . 
  nah , we also call things neoliberal . 
  also did n't the aivd claim iraq had no weapons of mass destruction ? 
  kinda silly to ignore your own intelligence services . 
   yes , there has been a move to create a pan european culture . 
  and do you have something , besides repeated assertions , that this is actually happening ? 
   `` for the first time , the eu is dealing with refugees , investment and security , and our budget is being cut . 
  the eu is being asked to do more with less money , '' that does seem kinda ridiculous . 
  i take it nobody actually read the article ? 
  cause the stuff they want funding for are things like the new european border program , an investment program for improving the european telecommunications networks , the horizon 2020 research program and a youth employment initiative . 
  things i only expect die-hard euroskeptics to be against . 
  i would n't be surprised if the actual parliamentarians agree with that . 
  i doubt they like wasting their time going to strassbourg every month either . 
  they do ? 
  also countries are n't exactly homogeneous themselves . 
   yes and most pro-europeans want to homogenise it to an extent to create a nation called europe . 
  pro-europeans want to homogenise europe ? 
  never heard an actual federalist say something like that .
