  we 're a stupidly rich country we should help when we 're reasonably able . 
  our immigration centres are partially empty while refugees in greece are sleeping in tents in winter , while we promised the greeks we 'd take in more of their refugees . 
  even without a `` right wing '' immigration policy the left would be way fucking better than the right for the poor and working class . 
  and just fyi [ greenleft wants to stop foreign eu workers from working below the wages set in the collective bargaining agreement ] ( https://groenlinks.nl/standpunten/arbeidsmarkt ) and i would n't be surprised if other left wing parties have similar policies . 
  as i said most of the problems are addressed by the left , just without the `` kick them out and close the borders '' kinda attitude the right wing populists use . 
  these people are n't angry because of immigrants . 
  they 're angry because of systemic social issues which have little to nothing to do with immigrants . 
  nah that 's [ pechtold ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_pechtold ) . 
  the vvd ( rutte 's party ) only pretends to be liberal , they 're quite conservative nowadays . 
   i 'm 100 % certain a leftist government is n't going to happen with the 3 largest parties being right wing either . 
  maybe a miracle will happen and cda remembers it 's supposedly a centrist party . 
   we need a decent leader like pim fortuyn on the right to ever any sensible immigration policies implemented . 
  i 'd rather have someone on the left with the ability to speak to the disillusioned pvv voters . 
  most of the problems the pvv voters going on about are things the left recognize and would seek to solve if given half a chance . 
  one of the things common to all the pvv voters that have done interviews with luyendijk for the correspondent ( and some other papers ) is that they 're completely disillusioned with the political establishment and came to the conclusion that immigrants and muslims are to blame for most of their problems ( rather than the continual ( centre - ) right-wing cabinets we 've been having since ~ ~ wo2 ~ ~ ww2 ) . 
  so they ca n't vote vvd or cda , cause they 're establishment , and they ca n't vote for anyone on the left or d66 cause they insist on treating immigrants and muslims like human beings so all they 're left with are pvv ( ignoring fvd and vnl which are a too new to really matter ) . 
  wait a second . 
  since when does de correspondent have a . com domain ? 
  [ dutch version . 
  some people seem unable to grasp that one should be able to consider both let pen and that mufti guy to be assholes . 
  false dichotomies and such . 
  we 'd better start working on that revolution before it becomes completely impossible . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure it 's just a point and click kinda thing right ? 
  with the way he 's talks about our judicial system i would n't put it past him . 
  the rocking the boat ones ( or as i called them the accellerationists ) are indeed internally consistent , though i doubt that they 're the representative of trump supporters . 
  also regarding your devils advocating , we do n't get all our information through the liberal-friendly press . 
  these people have a history that precedes their appointment to the cabinet and we can get information on what they did , who they worked for and what kind of policies they advocated for without going through the liberal press ( social media for example ) . 
  heck in most cases you just need to look at their cv and listen to what they 're saying . 
  a lot of trump supporters are so aggressively misinformed or steeped in identity politics that they reject any information that might threaten their world view or dear leader . 
  in that sense your arguments are indeed representative of the kinds of arguments they 'd be making , but they 're still weak arguments . 
  and yeah what they 're doing is typically human , you do n't have to tell me that ( [ just look at my favourite wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cognitive_biases ) ) . 
  but just because we all do it to some degree does n't mean we all do it to the same degree . 
  and frankly the left seems a bit better on this . 
  i did n't refer to disagreement , i referred to internal inconsistency . 
  it 's kinda hard to have a productive dialog with someone who purports to be in favor of draining the swamp while turning a blind eye to trump 's corporate cabinet appointees . 
  they say the want x while vehemently supporting the opposite of x. 
  at this point i 'm not sure what conclusions a one is allowed to make about the trump supporters . 
  either they 're aggressively misinformed . 
  or they 're lying about their desires and secretly want a authoritarian corporate kleptocracy . 
  or they are impressively good at dealing with cognitive dissonance . 
  or they are completely taken in by right-wing identity politics . 
  or they are accelerationists who just want to see the world burn . 
  or some combination . 
  none of these views is particularly nice or friendly but if you know of a nicer explanation of the behavior of trump supporters i 'd gladly hear it . 
  nobody wants to believe that a third of their country has gone off the deep end . 
  i 'm pretty sure the liberals are `` fazed '' about it all . 
  but you should n't change your world view just because it 's a bit unsettling , you should change it to fit the evidence . 
  and honestly i do n't think calling trump supporters crazy in a non-literal hyperbolic way is that far off the mark ( aggressively misinformed/naive is probably closer though ) . 
  i 'm not so sure though , wilders has been living in a kind of social isolation for the past decade due to security issues . 
  it would n't be surprising if the has lost touch with society , and to a degree reality , because of it . 
  do n't count on it being an act . 
  mentally unwell is a bit hyperbolic but the consistent level of insanity coming from the trump administration does require some serious mental gymnastics to support . 
  the image most trump supporters seem to have of him ( a man who will defend normal americans from wallstreet , drain the swamp and make america great again ) versus what he 's actually doing should elicit some serious cognitive dissonance within his supporters . 
  we humans are pretty good at dealing with cognitive dissonance but i would n't really fault anyone for thinking trump supporters are a bit crazy . 
  no worries we all speak english . 
  heh , our usernames are pretty much phonetically identical . 
   reactionary intellectuals an oxymoron if i ever heard one . 
  i may be misremembering but his policy has been way beyond the line for a while now . 
  not to mention that due to vergrijzing there are probably more old people to begin with . 
  yeah but there are n't that many farmers though are there ? 
  maybe . 
  but there are other considerations as well , quality , environmental effects , working conditions , political influence . 
  it is n't just as easy as subsidies = bad , there are circumstances under which subsidize are sensible . 
  unless i 'm massively underestimating the size of the farming lobby . 
  oh fucking please . 
  the evening before brexit most assumed it would n't happen . 
  the eventing before the us elections most assumed hillary would win in a landslide . 
  optimism has n't had a great track record recently . 
  but sure let 's throw away our food security for some short term economic gain . 
  not really , we 're already there . 
  at least [ according to this research the government had done ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2013/02/01/voedselvoorziening-in-nederland-onder-buitengewone-crisisomstandigheden ) we could reasonably convert to a completely independent country food-wise ( taking limits on import of fertilizer and such into account ) should the need arise . 
  and the point obviously is n't for us to be able to go `` north korea '' it 's to be able to go independent in case the rest of the world goes nuts . 
  which i might have found over the top in the past but then 2016 happened . 
  nah , just the first time i encountered that word . 
  ( til is an abbreviation for `` today i learned '' frequently used on reddit . ), 
   [ subventing ] ( http://www.wordnik.com/words/subvention )  n . a subsidy ; provision of financial or other support . 
   v. to subsidise . 
  huh , til . 
   however , if literally half the world would suddenly stop selling us food and 100 % of dutch farmers would stop working , we would still get plenty of food and be fine . 
  so food security to you means being able to be fed by half the world ? 
  here i was assuming it means a country being able to feed itself completely independent of the world . 
  good point . 
  so i googled around a bit and found [ this research ( download page is in dutch , rapport itself in english ) ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/rapporten/2013/02/01/voedselvoorziening-in-nederland-onder-buitengewone-crisisomstandigheden ) done by our government to answer the question of whether or not the netherlands could feed itself in the absence of any import/export . 
  the conclusion is that we could but that it 'd require drastic changes to our diet and agricultural sector . 
   free trade for africa is the best way it can emerge from poverty . 
  except that most ( if not all ) developed nations built their economies up under protectionists policies before opening them to the outside world . 
  call me nuts but i 'd rather go without computers for a while than go without food . 
  ( also we have nxp . ), 
  it 's one thing to compete on luxury items , it 's another thing to compete on basic necessities . 
  britain maybe , but iirc the netherlands is a net exporter of food . 
  and how much non-actionable intelligence was gained ? 
  and did they know the difference before it was acted upon ? 
  the mild right party is d66 . 
  yeah that 's a problem as well . 
  wonder why they do n't use protectionist measurers themselves . 
  ( but i assume they 're pressured by us to open their markets to our products . ), 
  on the unsustainable subsidised part . 
  there is an argument to be made for propping up the agricultural sector so we do n't become dependent on others for our food security . 
  if i had to pick something i 'd be our neo liberal politics . 
  vvd being the main issue .
