  yeah , if you look at it like that , it 's quite a bit better than i would have expected . 
  by 2035 [ iter will have been operational for ~ 10 years . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/12djxz/ama_im_a_fusion_scientist/c6u62mj ), 
  for those who want to see a more stats . 
  well the russians seem quite positive about it . 
   the issue with fedralising the eu is why not go beyond that and fedralise the whole world ? 
  first europe ( and the other supernational unions ) , then the world . 
  i do n't understand how some people deem it feasible , in the long run , for humanity to remain separated into different competing nation states . 
  how are we ever going to prosper as a species if we refuse to work together and settle our differences peacefully ? 
  i 'm probably sounding like quite the hippie at the moment , but i genuinely have trouble conceiving of any kind of long term vision for humanity that does not involve some kind of world government . 
  i 'm not sure the platinum [ hydrogen catalyst ] ( http://www.reddit.com/search?q=hydrogen+catalyst ) thing is going to be a problem for much longer . 
  ( granted it is probably going to take a little while for these discoveries to be applied commercially . 
  could be a bit quicker if we were willing to invest a proper amount of public funds . ), 
  nice to see the netherlands doing relatively well , but damnit we should be completely blue , knowledge based economy my ass . 
  it did n't work for me a while a go , but now it does . 
  you may have to wait a bit for the page to load properly . 
  there 's a [ link ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/lar7jiej0i66v05/v9tgwpfhxf ) the the op 's post . 
  damn , i 'm slightly surprised at the relative large percentage of dutch folk around here . 
  ( it appears that wherever you go there are always more dutch around than you 'd expect . ), 
  europe has certain standards regarding human rights and democracy , no way russia in it 's current state would be allowed to enter . 
   bring on the downvotes , you filthy , skeptical imbeciles . 
  i 'd like to direct you to one of the [ survey results on the subreddits views on europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hqekm.png ) . 
  i 'm guessing you 're going to find more agreement than disagreement in this subreddit . 
   take care of ourselves surely you mean `` each other '' in light of european cooperation , solidarity , unity and whatnot . 
  or maybe i 'm failing at grammar . 
  mmmm , interesting , would such a system require a formal coalition ? 
  cause without some kind of coalition agreement defining the governments line on a number of policies i suspect government would be a lot weaker ( and it would be unclear who truly bears responsibility for the government ) . 
  maybe that 's right in the case of the socialist . 
  but the greens have never been big enough to be considered potential coalition partners . 
  the irony is that this may end up to be one of the more stable governments in a long time , given that it 's a coalition of just 2 parties ( instead of the normal 3 + party coalitions ) . 
   if there 's no majority , elect a government ( say eliminating weakest candidate round by round until one remains ) . 
  if the parliament wants to censure the government , it should need to name and so elect a new one in the same motion etc. 
  as a dutch person , big no ( assuming i am interpreting your statement right ) . 
  the idea of a single party holding the majority in parliament just sound wrong wrong wrong . 
  especially if you need to eliminate the small parties to do so . 
  one of the major advantages of the parliamentary system is the abundance of choice . 
  i am able to vote for a party that i actually like and agree with ( not just the party i dislike and disagree with the least ) . 
  and while they may not be a part of the coalition they still do good work ( passing motions , amendments and even the occasional law ) . 
   also it can make the parliamentary term fixed or near-fixed , which is a bit fairer than the government being able to choose the time of the election . 
  that sounds a lot better . 
  one of the issues with a parliamentary system is that near the end of the term maintaining the coalition becomes a liability to a parties performance in the next elections , creating a rather perverse incentive for a coalition member to blow up it 's own coalition after ~ 3 years . 
  ( i think we had about 6 parliamentary elections in the past 10 years . ), 
  though i think it would require a decoupling of cabinet and coalition . 
  de-politicizing ministers , have the parliament assign them based on merit not political affiliation . 
  so that when a coalition falls and a new one forms ( without intervening elections cause the term aint over ) , you do n't end up with ministers enacting ( or worse , refusing to eneact ) policies they personally disagree with . 
  and so that a minister is dismissed because of incompetence is n't an immediate threat to the coalition . 
   `` the treaties laid down that the most important institutions in the european union should be spread among the member states , '' could anyone explain why this was deemed to be a good idea ? 
  spreading a single institution over multiple member states just seems horribly inefficient . 
  the greens ( and maybe the sp but i 'm not sure ) never got to govern in the fist place . 
  i like the old dutch flag . 
  the slightly brighter colours ( orange-white-lightblue ) make it look a bit cheerful . 
   if they do n't start anything and do n't move forward , the eu will fracture , and the south will go bankrupt . 
  which the north would n't like cause we lent them lots of money . 
  even without the euro a lot of greece 's debt would probably have been owed to the northern countries . 
  ( which they then could get rid of by devaluing the drachma screwing over the north . ), 
  yes , of course . 
  gladly , let 's get that joint european army started . 
   eastern europe is a bit more to the right than western europe lol , it certainly is on a map !, 
   you can not ** out / `` doxx '' ** a reddit user i 'm sorry but what does that mean ? 
  ahh , that explains how i woke up so early this morning . 
  let 's see , alarm clock updates via radio , mobile phone , laptop and pc update via internet , so all i need to change is the time on my mp3player . 
  if it was n't for this post i would n't even have noticed . 
  that 's spot on in my case . 
  got any examples beyond the usa ? 
  cause i know church and state are separate over here ( netherlands ) and we do n't have much trouble with religion getting into our politics . 
  damnit schippers , ca n't you do anything right . 
  as health minister should n't she be on the side of the patients/hospitals ? 
  if those databases have been made , with consent of the patients , to aid research would n't they break their prior agreement with the patients if they hand it over to law enforcement ? 
  i think the class warfare bit mainly stems from how spending is cut . 
  if you hit welfare service hard you are hitting the lower classes more than the upper classes . 
  ah , yes you are right , i was thinking of single-district proportionality . 
  yeah , parties do n't have 150 people on their list . 
  most parties just nominate a realistic number of people ( or rather the number they need to satisfy their internal politics ) plus a few lijstduwers ( list-pushers , celebrities that are on the list but do n't actually want to be elected ) . 
  though it occurs to me that if we have a proper , dependable , electronic voting system the number of people on the ballot would not be constraint by physical ballot size . 
  ah well , at least it makes some kind of sense now , thanks . 
  i have a hard time imagining any world where licking whipped cream of the knees of a priest is appropriate/good . 
   the series of pictures show boys and girls , apparently pretending to be cats , approaching the priest , seated in a battered armchair , on all fours . 
    they then take turns at licking cream from his legs in what the school has described as an `` initiation ceremony '' for first year pupils at the school in the south-west town of lubin where the priest is also the director . 
  pretending to be cats ?!, 
  i am at a loss for words , this is just too weird . 
  how so ? 
  here in the netherlands we have a open-list system and no election districts . 
   a country with close to 100 sub divisions , how efficient . 
  and what exactly do you mean by efficiency ? 
  cause that is one of those words that sound objective but often are not . 
  and random related anecdote , during the last european elections our mayor ( of the city of nijmegen ) wanted to take / u/metroxed plans a couple of steps further . 
  he found , as a mayor , that both other cities ( including foreign ones , nijmegen lies on the border with germany ) and european institutions were often quite easy to work with . 
  while our the national government was more of a hindrance to his work than a help . 
  therefor he wanted to divvy up the power & responsibilities of the national government between the european level and the local level resulting in a kind of federation of city states . 
  how ? 
  maastricht to groningen cost about 26 euros by train . 
   the dish was conceived in 2003 by nathani\u00ebl gomes , a cape verdian hairdresser in rotterdam who in collaboration with the neighboring shawarma store `` el aviva '' combined all his favorite ingredients into one dish . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kapsalon ) not sure what nationality the dish has then , but it was conceived of in the netherlands . 
   the dish was conceived in 2003 by nathani\u00ebl gomes , a cape verdian hairdresser in rotterdam who in collaboration with the neighboring shawarma store `` el aviva '' combined all his favorite ingredients into one dish . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kapsalon ) not sure what nationality the dish has then , but it was conceived of in the netherlands . 
  does belgium have significantly colder weather than the netherlands ? 
  as i understand it duty to retreat basically means you can only use lethal force to defend yourself if you ca n't run away . 
  castle doctrine is an explicit exemption for when you 're attacked in your home . 
  so let 's look at the spectrum presented here . 
  on the extreme end , stalin & hitler , they both suck royally so no real difference there .
