  fun fact : obama promised protection for whistleblowers !, 
  how will he get to switzerland ? 
  yeah , but the uk has more resources to help out asylum seekers . 
  you ca n't expect them to take whatever spain or italy is giving out for charity , can you really ? 
  i would do the same given the situation if i were from some impoverished country . 
  it might start with some harmless words but how many young men look up to the heads of the mosque ? 
  how long before one of those young men goes to fight for isis and perpetuates the insane violence ( crucifixions , beheading ) . 
  what if someone feels `` inspired '' to do a lone wolf attack ? 
  edit : i support free speech 100 percent , but i think this mosque is fucking delusional and not taking an academic approach to the situation . 
  the guy might be an asshole , but he should have the right to say what he wants . 
  his freedom of speech should be protected . 
  only 2 percent ? 
  this is not normal where you are from ? 
  a confederate flag does not automatically equate to racism . 
  it is all about perspective . 
  to me this demonstrates how left wing europe has become . 
  :-d edit : for example i was in canada today where i am considered moderately conservative , yet returning to the us some people label me as a raging liberal . 
  my worldview didnt change , but the perspective viewing the worldview changed . 
  omfg , who cares ? 
  how silly are european politics when its `` far right '' to introduce a pork option on a school menu . 
  it is good to see that europe is interested in space . 
  space holds limitless possibilities for the human race and it would be a shame if we squandered our chance to reach for the stars . 
  what are some big upcoming projects for the esa ? 
  were the riot police dismissed . 
  or did they disobey orders and concede a government building ? 
  why were there not more of them ? 
  it looks like they had fallen back as far as they could and were unable to effectively hold the building . 
  the korean peninsula is very small . 
  where would you put those millions of people ? 
  there is no way this could be done even remotely secretly . 
  i went to north korea for a few minutes once . 
  it was a creepy place . 
  do n't forget the variety of women !, 
  not that i would know , i never looked , not once !, 
  its not size it is how you use it !, 
  i have not been to europe , but when i lived/travelled around asia the countries were really small , but the variety , culture , history and people were varied . 
  i would take a continent full of small interesting countries , over huge empty landscapes ( which are nice sometimes ) and the occasional city . 
  north america is huge . 
  i was in canada a few days ago , talk about alot of open space . 
  no , just driving home after xmas . 
  i would not have believed in it if it were not for the fact that it is mostly japanese people who are affected . 
  i have a friend who was in france recently . 
  he was surprised the most by how many non french people there are in paris and other major cities . 
  he told me at one point going through paris that he was the only white guy in the train car . 
  * '' it is 6 hour drive from one side of our country to another '' . 
  * i have a six hour drive in the morning . 
  i am not even leaving the state of washington . 
  i lived in japan for 3 years . 
  some of the unhappiest people i felt were otaku ( anime lovers ) who came to japan with tons of expectations and were let down when they realized that real life in japan is not always like a cartoon . 
  real japan was surreal enough . 
  i was surprised to see this message broadcast in rural washington tonight . 
  while i am not a huge fan of europe allowing anyone from arabia or africa in . . how is the uk justifying stripping people of their citizenship ? 
  glad to see american litigation is spreading throughout the world !, 
  i welcome our new overlords . 
  awesome . 
  i know this is going to sound unpopular , but america already has a substantial force in europe . 
  i am sure countries could find a way to make deals and contract out their security to the very capable us forces already there . 
  it will also help america retain the bases , which may be needed in a future conflict or crisis . 
  if you disagree , do n't just down vote , participate in a discussion !, 
  wait . . i thought that the eu only wanted countries to join that were going to be mutually beneficial to one another . 
  how is the ukraine needing aid ** on day one ** going to help the eu . 
  is the eu making a long term investment here ? 
  you ca n't start a discussion then just bail . 
  right ... right ... ? 
  i am thinking the same thing , yet europe continues to welcome immigrants with open arms . 
  i admittedly do not live in europe , but i get the feeling from people that do live there that people are scared about talking immigration for fear of being labeled a racist . 
  til the nederlands are racist . 
  edit : / s, 
  i am all for the us , eu and anglo-saxon sphere leading the way . 
  i spend a few months a year in bc as a tourist * , would not mind working in alberta a few months of the year :d, 
  wo n't recruit american workers ... because we might potentially flood the border ... 
  thats good advice man . 
  people just get frustrated with it man . 
  no , it wont . 
  simply because most americans cant be bothered with the above stated issues . 
  also , people tend to polorize on specific issues such as abortion to either the democrats or republicans and they vote for the major party representing their belief . 
  it was a different game 40 years ago . 
  i am in the midst of getting citizenship with the republic and would like to visit the houses where my grandparents , great grandparents and great great grandparents lived . 
  the houses still stand to this day . 
  although , i wonder what the reaction might be if i walked up to one of them , told them my grandparents lived in their house and started asking questions about the neighborhood . 
  i put their hypothetical reaction anywhere between being suspicious or calling the cops . 
  i am looking at ireland as a possible destination for travel in 2013 . 
  i just want to see where my grandparents lived and worked as well as get a feel for the place . 
  hostels and homecooking at said hostels saves $ $ . 
  a shift to the right could be a good thing , i lived in southern california for many years and saw what can happen to jobs with unrestricted immigration . 
  i am actually pro immigration from latin america/mexico , but not hundreds of thousands at a time , especially when we have no idea who the majority of them are . 
  i was under the impression that the island is slammed with american tourists during the summer . 
  ** zerg rush !, 
  ... what is a weeks rent in england ? 
  the chinese are imperialists that i do not trust . 
  do n't trust anyone , but especially do not trust the chinese . 
  does this mean that if my neighbor pisses me off , i can report them as a terrorist and have them subjected to restricted movement/communication for two years ? 
  when can i start denouncing my neighbors and have them sent away ? 
  do n't forget that you are being watched and logged while you view your al-qaeda rape porn ... terrorist ... 
  womans menstruating porn subreddit . 
  he just needs time to bring that change !, 
  cameron tried to order the media around ? 
  seems like a bad idea for pr . 
  basically political censorship . 
  yeah , i may have a low opinion of white supremacists or extreme islam .
