i think what they meant is that it first appealed to maghrebis in the 90s before becoming popular among the rest of the population . 
  i ca n't tell whether it 's true or not , since i was just a kid at the time . 
  but nowadays yeah , everybody eats kebab . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  it 's delicious . 
  i would have thought japan was more into cats than dogs . 
  i went there for a week a few years ago . 
  despite being a busy week , since i went there with my school to film a short documentary , it was one of the best trips i 've ever had . 
  it makes me nostalgic to see metelkova ( that 's where we stayed when we were in ljubljana iirc ) , the so\u010da and the karst . 
  i wish i had more time to see more , especially in the karst - we only had a few hours before we had to cross the border to italy to catch our train back to france . 
  we visited the \u0160kocjan caves before we had to leave . 
  we also stayed in a small town called kobarid near the alps . 
  gorgeous place . 
  i grew a weird affection for mount krn while being there and this is where i saw the so\u010da . 
  the color of the water truly amazed me . 
  it 's a very interesting region too , there are a lot of ruins in the area dating from wwi and we went to a museum . 
  i did n't know anything of slovenia 's history before , so it was pretty fascinating . 
  i was also surprised at how friendly people were in ljubljana too . 
  some of them taught us some words in slovenian and i had a blast talking with them in my broken english . 
  it 's a pretty beautiful city too , especially at night . 
  slovenia is an awesome country . 
  i took a lot of pictures and i definitely want to come again to take some more . 
  according to wikipedia , 6 killed and about a dozen wounded in action . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_mali_conflict_ ( 2012 % e2 % 80 % 93present ), 
  `` i know nothing about the history of the fn but you 're wrong '' thank you for your input , foreigner . 
  we 'll be sure to consider your worthless and baseless opinion . 
  the uk 's admission was relatively late because of him . 
  he was firmly against it and vetoed the application twice . 
  he died in 1970 , and three years later in 1973 , the uk joined the eec . 
  you 're right , i 'm sorry , it was gratuitous and uncalled for . 
  i deleted the comment . 
  essentially , i condemned the graph you posted but did not state my position on your opinion on the subject . 
  the graph is over-simplistic and it does n't help understand the issues with islam which as a result does n't help find realistic solutions for anything . 
  using the data of the report , i showed that there are plenty of muslim in different countries that do n't support shariah law in majority ( lebanon , albania , turkey , kosovo , russia , bosnia-herzegovina , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , kazakhstan , azerbaijan , tanzania , guinea-bissau and chad ) . 
  i expanded on albania ( although it applies to other countries as well ) , saying that those who support sharia law do not in fact support corporal punishments for crimes and death penalty for leaving islam . 
  i also picked the case of tunisia which has a majority who does support shariah , but like in albania , those who do do n't support corporal punishments and death penalty for leaving islam . 
  i speculated that it might be a case where they want sharia law in parts , without the anti-human right elements of it . 
  at the same time , i pointed out a bunch of other stats in the report that are in line with western values that the majority of muslims , mostly across the board , support - condemnation of suicide bombings , let women choose whether to wear the veil or not , support right of divorce for women , a widespread support for democracy , etc. 
  i then compared the data with the data of similar studies on christianity , comparing american christians , who for example support creationism , and french christians , who do not even believe in god for the majority of them . 
  with that , i explain that values , morals and religious teachings vary from country to country , concluding that religions are not as monolithic as they used to be , including islam . 
  which can also be seen in real life with the various current religious conflicts in africa and the middle east . 
  from all that , my point was n't to prove that islam is n't incompatible or something , but rather that the topic is too complex to be simplified by a simple graph like the one you linked . 
  for instance , it completely ignores the ideological divide within the muslim world as well as the varying views from a region to another ( e.g. 
  central asia much less radical than middle east ) . 
  then i finished by saying it is more objective and intelligent to read the full report to get all the elements instead of relying on one simplistic graph that tries to condense over 200 pages of data . 
  i also decried the degradation of the sub as a whole , arguing that people have started citing such simplistic graphs instead of full studies . 
  if you want numbers for all i just said , you can find them in the report . 
  now if you want my opinion on the subject ( this was not present in the deleted comment ) , after reading the report , i come to believe islam is not the problem in and of itself , although i agree there are in islam problematic views incompatible with western values ( the most obvious one being death penalty for leaving islam ) . 
  to me however , those views seem to emanate from issues on a regional level . 
  it correlates with the data in that report , where as mentioned before central asia has much less extreme religious views than the middle east in general ( with the exceptions of lebanon and turkey ) . 
  essentially , i think the problem is a lack of education , the unstable governments , the constant infighting and the poor conditions of the middle east that push people to have more extreme views . 
  i think the different past bombings from western powers also play a role in developing those negative views in the area , as well as anti-western attitudes not shown in the report . 
  i do not think the current fighting against isis specifically is a major determinant as various countries in the region back up the nato coalition . 
  i 'm more unsure on northern africa . 
  while tunisia and morocco tend to be more progressive compared to the rest of muslim countries , they 're still not quite on the level of lebanon and turkey . 
  at the same time , the report misses a few countries that would help get a better idea of the situation in the area , most notably algeria ( to me the biggest flaw of the study ) . 
  as for sub-saharan africa , the sheer poverty of these countries and the resulting lack of education are to me the main reasons for these views . 
  all in all , i would say that in general , the muslim world has been slowly changing and islam in general is also slowly becoming more in line with western values , as can be seen by the fact that most muslims , all over the world , widely support democracy , and the increasing number of countries that do not support sharia law . 
  the democracy question can be admittedly flawed as the definition of democracy can be a bit ambiguous , so you will find some people define it differently than others . 
  that graph is bullshit though . 
  take the support sharia one . 
  turns out the actual report shows that most muslims say sharia should only apply to muslims , which really does n't seem all that radical to me . 
  it 's almost as if people 's views were more nuanced than black and white ... http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf like i 'm all against radicalization and shit , but that 's no justification to post over-simplistic graphs . 
  do n't be lazy , and read the full report to get a better idea of the situation that you wo n't get with this kind of graphs . 
  edit : removed all the vitriolic nonsense, 
  i suppose that 's true . 
  like i said , nobody has ever told me i was antisocial for not using facebook either , but if somebody were to think that it is an antisocial trait , it means that facebook is probably way too present in their life to me . 
  i 'm really not trying to shit on people for using facebook as a general mean of communication . 
  i personally do n't use it , but i can see the appeal and despite the privacy concerns , i do n't think it 's that bad of a tool to keep in touch with people . 
  but i also do n't think it 's that necessary to have a great social life , and having an account is not a sign of sociability . 
  i admit i had n't thought of group communication . 
  it 's true that facebook does make it easier . 
  true that . 
  feels like not imposing an upper age limit for eligibility was a huge mistake sometimes . 
   there is a lot of social stigma from not being on facebook . 
  your family and friends will also keep pestering and bothering you asking why you are not on facebook . 
  `` why are you so antisocial ? 
  why wo n't you add me on facebook ? '', 
  really ? 
  cause i mean , i stopped using facebook like 8 years ago and when people ask me to ( re ) join and add them to facebook , i 'm like `` bitch i do n't have time for virtual friendships when i can have them face-to-face '' . 
  and if they called me antisocial because of it , although nobody has so far , i would just tell them `` bitch , you poke random people online and play candy crush while i 'm out drinking a real beer at a real bar with real people . 
  sounds like you 're the antisocial one here '' . 
  like i 'm not trying to talk shit about people who use facebook , but it is n't the epitome of a good social life . 
  if people need to contact me , that 's why i have a cellphone . 
  only real argument i see for using facebook is if you have friends abroad , in which case you have to pay extra for phone calls or texts , so it makes sense , but i 'm not in such case . 
  and so far , i have n't been marginalized for not using facebook . 
  so i do n't know , maybe it 's just france being a special case in that regard or something , i would n't know , but there really is n't a social stigma for not being on facebook in my experience . 
  edit : just noticed my comment sounds a bit inflammatory , so i wanted to make it clear that it was n't directed at you , but the people who say shit like `` why are you antisocial ? '', 
  for not being on facebook that you mention in your comment . 
  in france , they just catcall them . 
  but it does n't really count . 
  our parliament is basically a retirement home for the senile now , so it would be unfair to expect them to have any sort of decency . 
  i mean really . 
   `` we were n't heckling or whistling cecile duflot , we were admiring her , '' conservative mp patrick balkany told french daily le figaro . 
  -  mp jaqcues myard also tried to justify their behavior , explaining le point magazine that `` simple whistles '' were a way of `` paying homage to the beauty of this woman . '' m'lady shit right here . 
  then the first dude went on :  `` if she did n't want us to take an interest in her , then she should n't have changed her look . '' yup , it 's her fault if you 're too retarded to think with your dick . 
   another socialist mp for paris , sandrine mazetier , once turned up to a parliamentary commission in tight-fitting clothes , but was jeered by a male mp , who said : `` dressed like that , do n't be surprised if you get raped . '', 
  do n't mind him , he 's just paying homage to the beauty of this woman . 
  i yearn for the day all these old people die , so we can move on as a society . 
  [ we could accelerate the process i suppose .
