  isis has 0 chance against egypt . 
  isis has actually 0 chance against jordan , a county with a military 10 times smaller than egypt and with whom they share a border . 
  isis has absolutely nothing , zilch , nada , chance of getting close to any country in europe ( excluding suicide terrorist attacks ) . 
  anything along these lines is pure fear-mongering with ( i 'm guessing ) political goals . 
   i can only help other people when i 've no immediate problems to deal with myself . 
  dude , that is very selfish . 
  even spain has lent money to greece and i can guarantee that spain has i worse than germany . 
  that attitude will only lead to never wanting to help anyone , because it 's never `` perfect '' in any country . 
  there is always an excuse not to help . 
   if isis would attack germany tomorrow we would n't even be able to put up a fight . 
  sorry , i though we were having a realistic discussion . 
  this claim is beyond ridiculous . 
   there is no way that egypt is able to stop those lunatics . 
  just because those lunatics were able to take over parts of two under-deveoped countries after they 've beed torn apart by war ? 
  egypt has a highly trained albeit slightly outdated military that will have no problems dealing with them . 
  the peshmerga with their pick-up trucks and light rifles have been able to stop isis , what makes you think they have any remote possibility against a coordinated army with armored units , air support and american help , who fights in their own territory ? 
   turkey will happily join them the turkish military has always been the least radical and the most pro-democracy organ of the country . 
  not to speak about that they are the second largest military of nato , only behind the usa ( who has nuclear-armed bases in turkey ) . 
  let me guess , pegida member ? 
  i see a lot of fear and misinformation ... 
  true . 
  but when ** everybody ** has worse problems than you , you should stop and reevaluate your situation . 
  i lived in a few places in europe and i 'm in munich for 5 years now . 
  no chance in hell i 'm moving anytime soon . 
  the thing is that this proposals are from last tuesday/wednesday , well after the referendum was called , after greece entered a technical default situation and the eu stated that all negotiations will have to wait for the result of the referendum . 
  only then ( after the eu decided to wait until after the referendum ) did tsipras submit the very similar proposal . 
  the point of suggesting bitcoin is for the greeks , not greece . 
  the impossibility of devaluation ( by the government ) is the goal . 
  right now if you have money in a greek bank the bank can refuse to give you your money ( or give you just 60 $ a day ) and next week just convert all your saving to drachma which will be worth 1/4 the next day . 
  with bitcoin you physically control the money , similar to cash in your wallet , or gold in your safe . 
  no one can hold it hostage or convert it without your permission . 
   we cut the debt down to 3.50 $ and would like to get paid in greek euros . 
  but you discover you 're not dealing with greece , you are dealing with an 8 stories tall reptile from the mesozoic era . 
  or the world would pull a `` freedom fries '' on them ... 
  take your thermometer out of the oven , man ... 
  it was * barely * 30 in munich ( thank god ) . 
  gon na change my flair to saudi arabia real quick for a great comeback for that ... 
   butter is x1000 times worse and unhealthy says the country producing 40 % of the world 's olive oil ... 
  busted . 
  cause being angry and helping are not mutually exclusive . 
  so might be europe ... 
  you sir have seem to misspell fries . 
  [ these are cheesy chips ] ( http://imgur.com/cwrnak8.jpg ) . 
  ps : poutine is frickin delicious !, 
  sure it does . 
  have you read the law described in the article ? 
  look closely at point 10 . 
  sadly , he 's just probably a bigot and a homophobe . 
  please ignore this fucktard , people like them are why poland has such terrible image . 
  he 's not alone , tho ( sadly ) :(, 
  nobody thinks that leaving furniture on the street or smoking weed in the subway should be protected . 
  but take a look at `` no taking pictures of the police '' and `` no disrespecting the police '' , in a country where the police are famous for heavy-handedness when not straight abuse . 
  not only it will be abolished the first day of the new govenment , if someone is processed in the meantime and appeals up to european tribunals , the law will be found void and null ( probably no time for that , elections coming soon ) . 
  yes , afaik . 
  you also needed permission before , but unless it was anticonstitutional ( supporting a terrorist , for instance ) , it was granted . 
  more `` registration to prevent unexpected traffic jams '' than `` asking for permission '' . 
  now any random policeman can decide that you get a 30k $ fine for any bullshit reason and the is no judge in the way to prevent it . 
  source : lived in spain for a long time . 
  yeah , i know , but i would n't equal tracking to spying , just as `` manslaughter '' and `` murder '' are different crimes . 
  not saying it 's ok , just a different level of wrong . 
  i 'm a pole living in munich ( so i can vote on the local elections but not the national ones ) . 
  i agree with your points , just keep in mind that many other countries face the same problems on top of much bigger ones . 
  i lost my sympathy for the greens when the greens ' candidate for mayor in munich made it a main point in her campaign to undo the migration of munich to linux and go back to microsoft for completely bogus and untrue reasons . 
  btw , the tuition fees are lifted even in csu-ruled bayern ... 
  you are assuming the government knows email ... 
  i 'd send faxes . 
  good job everyone !, 
  keep up the good work !, 
   well , the youngest also vote to podemos even though in my opinion is the same shit i think that it 's even worse . 
  pp and psoe are full of corrupt incompetent people with friends who know how to more or less keep the country from completely collapsing . 
  podemos is full of people with very good intentions but with no idea nor experience on how to run a country ( or a comunidad aut\u00f3noma , or even a city ) . 
  and on top of that you have iglesias who says stuff like `` private media should be shut down to protect freedom of speech '' . 
  during an interview ... on antena 3 . 
  in spain almost no one votes for a party . 
  people mostly vote * against * someone . 
  i hope that changes with podemos and c 's . 
  do n't forget that psoe 's strategy to deal with the crisis during the 2008 campaign was to deny it and not take any measures against it because that would would mean that there is in fact a crisis coming . 
  this all while many ( not all ) other countries all across europe were taking preventive measures that somehow softened the blow . 
  i particularly remember the debate between solbes and pizarro when solbes said `` you might know a lot about private companies but you do n't know anything about big-picture economy , there is no crisis coming '' . 
  most media considered solbes the winner of the debate and a lesson on economic knowledge . 
  good times . 
  i went to school in spain . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  meh , [ * there 's an app for that * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steganography ) . 
  even in the remote chance that it passes in any way and the even remoter case anyone chooses to * follow * it , suddenly all traffic online would be unencrypted pictures of cats with weird artifacts in them . 
   facebook is banging on about the same thing ( ironic as they spy on their users better than the nsa  ) . 
  well , asking you politely to tell me 5 times a day where you are and what are you doing and who are you doing it with , is not exactly * spying * , is it ? 
  to be honest , many times you can apply `` if it works , do n't touch it '' . 
  i know that probably living standards in `` west germany '' were better than now , but germany has a great political atmosphere and living standards compared to most european countries . 
  as for who to vote for ... 
  i think germany needs a few representatives of the piraten in the bundestag . 
  not to rule , but to be heard and propose some modern ideas , at least as far as internet/communications are concerned . 
  hence , decent , not great . 
  perspective , man , perspective . 
  do you know personally any people like those statistics describe ? 
  also , source for those statistics ? 
  i know a lot of people in spain , and while not doing great , no one is going hungry or knows anyone that goes hungry , or has to burn furniture for heat in the winter . 
  yes , they can not afford a new car or extended vacations but it 's not the end of the world . 
  eu has nothing to do with military decisions , see finland , sweden or austria .
