  one lebensraum to go , please !, 
  or jersey ... 
  wtf ? 
  i guess because finland and greece already took all available designs :p, 
  portuguese people have superpowers . 
  they understand spanish and brazilian portuguese . 
  neither spaniards nor brazilians ( i 've been told ) understand them . 
   i guess the one nice thing about british tourists is that they make americans look cultured and knowledgeable . 
  do you want some freedom ? 
  because that 's how you get some freedom . 
  that is actually also true . 
  damn 17 cases ... 
   germany ( or sweden ) is not most of the world , most of the world sucks , agreed . 
  i had the eu in mind . 
   i still do n't understand why health care is organized as it is i have a chronic illness which makes me visit the ( family - ) doctor quite frequently and i find german healthcare leaps and bounds ahead of the spanish one , precisely because the way it 's organized . 
  in spain i felt like the doctor does n't care/have time to treat each patient , whereas in germany they want you to keep them as your doctor of choice and are much more dedicated . 
  on top of that , the periodic checkups i need to make , took 4 different appointments in spain over the course of almost a month and in germany i take care of everything in one visit . 
  i 'm sure there are other areas where spain is ahead ( transplants , for instance ) but the organization of the health system in germany is superb . 
   the german people ( and the swede ) seem to have a deep conformism ( maybe not the exact word for the attitude to public matters ) . 
  i have the feeling that is common in most germanic europe . 
  i think quite the contrary . 
  people in spain suffer corrupt politicians and at most joke about it . 
  you have people in the middle of a criminal prosecution against them and they refuse to resign . 
  in germany if they find out that you plagiarized a fraction of your phd thesis , you do n't even think about continuing , you resign the very next day . 
  health insurers are having problems ? 
  you make people co-pay 10 $ per doctor visit . 
  health insurers are doing better ? 
  you cancel the co-pay . 
  universities are short on money ? 
  make students pay tuition fees ( 500 $ / semester ) . 
  universities have money again ? 
  cancel tuition fees ( currently in germany at 42 $ / semester for administrative costs ) . 
  do you really think the recent tuition fees hike in spain is going to be reversed once the `` crisis '' is over ? 
   btw , i have heard histories from hungary and romania that are worse than the worst that i have seen or heard about those matters in spain . 
  i do n't know how much can be extrapolated to other ex-communist countries . 
  ex-communist countries are 10-20 years behind spain , probably more behind western europe , in most areas . 
  our * francos * `` died '' in 1989 , not 1975 , 
  agree to disagree , then . 
   honestly , it is a better place to live that most of the world . 
  depends what you value/appreciate . 
  i like germany better . 
  the `` ma\u00f1ana '' , `` enchufismo '' and `` picard\u00eda '' culture outweighs the benefits for me . 
  many germans disagree . 
  thank the eu for free movement   spanish parents , germans parents living some years at spain ? 
  polish parents that moved to spain , i then moved to germany . 
  always go back for vacation . 
  said the pot to the kettle ... 
   why does drinking gives you the right to act like total douchebags ? 
  it 's not a right , it 's more of a fact . 
  drunken people will tend to act like morons and you should plan accordingly . 
  source : have to endure oktoberfest every year . 
   only for that i 'd say spanish health care is better . 
  ** oh , and waiting lists . 
  ** care to explain ? 
  afair spain has a terrible waiting list problem . 
  i 'm not familiar with sweden , but it 's a non-issue in germany . 
  many people i know pay for sanitas/adeslas just to avoid waiting lists . 
   old people seem to be in worse physical state at sweden , but that 's probably due to the lack of sunlight that is bad for the bones . 
  ** i am not sure what the health care can do about it ** . 
  spending money seems to be working , 
   the spanish public health care is better than the swedish with less budget ( even excluding the difference due to the higher salaries of the employees ) , and some of the things that i have heard about what are doing with some privatizations on management of public transport and health care smell ten times more corrupt than the spanish ones . 
  but everybody seems to have very high opinion of their country and their political class . 
  and the usual revolving doors and stuff like that . 
    also their mandatory education has been becoming bad in the last ten years and they seem to be unable to change the voucher system that they introduced due to created interest of for profit schools that offer shitty education and others . 
  they got worse results than spain in the pisa tests , but then they have over 90 % of graduates in high school and our students with better results in independent ranks 75 % . 
    the housing market , specially at stockholm , is completely fucked up and they seem completely unable to fix it and they have put their financial sector in a stupid position also . 
  if spain built too much too quickly , sweden seems unable to build even the normal amount of housing for its needs . 
  nimby and lobbies are rampant , let 's call it democratic process . 
    and in germany wolfgang sch\u00e4uble was involved in a illegal financing scandal comparable with the one that the spanish pp has going on and he is the minister of finances . 
    however , this is sort of one of the things that i like more about spain . 
  many germans and swedes have too good opinions of their countries in my opinion . 
  thinking that you need to improve is like the first requirement for improving . 
  that means spain must be very nice ...  edit : i moved to sweden . 
  :d ... as a holiday destination :p source : grew up in spain . 
  moved to germany . 
  i guess it 's time to prepare , then . 
  i 'll go buy some anti-broomstick technology :p, 
  no true scotsman , either . 
  now w\u00f6rk . 
  polish does n't have v , only in loan-words . 
  even the name of the letter `` fa\u0142 '' is a copy of the german name `` vau '' . 
  here 's a list of polish words starting with v : http://sjp.pwn.pl/lista/v;1.html, 
   yes , since we 're all about efficiency and only joke during alotted time in the basement . 
  so * that * is why spaniard like germany ... , 
   beautiful place ... 
  i 'd be worried , 
  nothing like a german discussing about the efficiency of a joke ... 
  [ please come visit , tho !, 
  that is actually true . 
  do you hate spain more than the spanish , tho ? 
  i 've heard that `` the king of spain '' plays as the boogeyman in dutch children stories ... 
  well ... fuck . 
  go on ... 
  yes , that is the cyrillic equivalent afaik . 
  as for the two different ways for writing one sound it 's historic reasons . 
  i imagine few hundred years ago they where pronounced differently , now it 's only to screw with kids learning to write . 
  it 's like the zh in zhukov ( the soviet general ) . 
  we also have another letter ( \u017c ) for the exact same sound , because otherwise spelling would be too easy . 
  i 'm fine with feminist noises , it 's fallacies , flawed logic and bullshit arguments i have a problem with . 
  sometimes we do , but that word has 5 distinct consonant sounds : z - w - z - g - l . the ones that make one sound are sz , cz , rz , dz ( roughly equivalent to \u0161 , \u010d , etc in other slavic languages ),
