  they are skewed against us because none of them take vat into account . 
  so other countries can dump their products in our country with very little overhead because of `` free trade '' while making american goods non-competitive in domestic markets . 
  that works just fine for the big international corporations that get their labor cheaply overseas and then sell into the us market without having to worry about local competition , but it 's not fair for americans . 
  poland has kept to its commitment , so no worries there . 
  the country does prefer our military hardware to european make for whatever reason , so who knows what kind of deal we might be able to strike ? 
  germany treats poland worse than america ever could , but that 's been the case for decades so nothing new really . 
  i do n't see why there would be any obligation to serve merkel 's interests after the kind of threats they have made over migrants and the `` constitutional crisis '' . 
  maybe it would be done out of spite even . 
  there is n't much solidarity in the eu as we all know . 
  our biggest problem is the lack of vat honestly . 
  i would prefer that we did n't have it , but everyone else does and it 's killing our trade balance . 
   you people can not be trusted , you 're just a bunch of unreliable wackos . 
  oh please . 
  you 're french and whining about iraq ? 
  go destroy another african country why do n't you ? 
  i 'm sure you do n't have enough of a migrant flow yet to meet your diversity goals . 
  there is no desire to have an agreement with the freakish monstrosity known as the eu . 
  the confusion is all on your end . 
  you guys ca n't even decide if you want to be a single country or not . 
  i 'm talking about making free trade agreements between countries , like the us and germany . 
  the eu can play games but we all know that organization is n't going to last . 
  it 's either going to fail , or become a new country . 
  we can wait for that because i do n't think it will take long ... 
  excellent analysis , i have to agree . 
  i guess i 'm just shocked that they actually believe that . 
  i assumed it was just posturing for appearance 's sake . 
  they disparage him almost daily , and have joined with the democrats in the russian witchhunt . 
  mccain and lindsey graham are particularly loud examples . 
  preibus and others are leaking information from within his administration . 
  they want him gone , preferably so pence can be president . 
  as for the nominations , part of that is trump has very few people that he can trust . 
  he did not start out as a politician , remember ? 
  so he did not have a pre-established network of supporters like previous presidents . 
  another part is that democrats are literally opposing every single one of his picks , attempting to stall his administration for as long as possible . 
  fox news is not on his side apart from a few specific hosts who seem to like him . 
  breitbart and talk radio ? 
  you are comparing that to basically every other news network and major newspaper out there ... 
  i mean do you think breitbart is some kind of media juggernaut or something ? 
   you 're also forgetting that fewer people supported trump in the election than supported hillary , and next time , trump might not be so lucky at where voters decide ( not ) to show up . 
  no , i did n't forget , i just do n't take into account irrelevant things like the total number of votes . 
  that 's not how our elections work . 
  given how pathetic the democratic message was during the campaign , and remains to this day , i do n't see any particular threat to a second term . 
  that could change , but so far the opposition party has proven to be really pathetic . 
  i do n't think germany can unilaterally apply tariffs to the us . 
  if germans did n't play the role so well , maybe it would n't be so effective . 
  germany is not much different from mexico in how it takes advantage of the us . 
  most countries in the world do . 
  you can hurl insults as much as you like , but that does n't change the reality of what a vat does to the trade balance . 
  open the market to competition and there wo n't be anything to complain about . 
  well it 's a question of numbers , is n't it ? 
  if the cost/benefit leans in favor of the us then i do n't see why they would n't go for it . 
  if 70 + years of influence can disappear practically overnight due to some minor trade dispute , then it was n't worth much to begin with . 
  it 's actually rather shocking how quickly the major eu countries turned against the us once there was a disagreement . 
  trump is just asking countries to stick to their commitments , trade more equitably , and allow our country to do what it needs to create jobs again . 
  japan jumped on board straight away when presented the same conditions , probably because the japanese better appreciate the long and prosperous history between our nations , and are willing to admit the relationship was unequal . 
  true , but the other issue is that member states may take advantage of the situation to get what they want . 
  poland and us military contracts come to mind . 
  say that it does happen , what would germany be able to do about it ? 
  it does n't appear to me that eu members are all that united as it is , and the us is a bit of a special case compared to rivals like china or russia . 
  he 's being sabotaged by the previous government , which was n't an issue for past presidents because they were n't all that different . 
  the democrats and republicans are basically a uniparty that entirely opposes him , in addition to almost the entire media . 
  i 'm amazed he 's been able to get anything done . 
  there are already tangible results , like illegal immigration being down massively and criminal gangs being deported . 
  his supporters are not going to hold things that are outside of his control against him , so i 'd expect to see him for the full two terms . 
  we wo n't know because it 's too expensive for american manufacturers to try to sell in germany . 
  no , it 's due to protectionism that makes it very difficult for american companies to sell in the german market . 
  the us is one of the only countries in the world that does not have a vat . 
  that 's not what he 's complaining about . 
  he is complaining that while we impose a 2.5 % tariff on automobile imports , it 's closer to 30 % for american manufacturers who want to export to germany . 
  he is really just making the relationship more reciprocal . 
  trump has criticized japan on both defense spending and the trade deficit . 
  the difference is that they are committed to reducing it and recently announced greater investment in the us economy . 
  germany is not going to do the us any favors , so why would he stop criticizing them ? 
  what if some countries do n't agree with punishing the us in kind because they see this as an opportunity to get what they want ? 
  poland could want certain guarantees related to russia , for example . 
  somehow i doubt other eu members are going to want to make sacrifices for germany . 
  there 's nothing sad about it . 
  it 's a brilliant political strategy and has been going on for over a century . 
  the whole point of the game is to get as many votes as possible , so making your message comprehensible to the masses is the best thing you can do to facilitate that . 
  he intentionally puts spelling errors in his tweets so that morons in the media will point out how dumb he is , and in the process cover the message he wants . 
  if you know anything about sales , making your message accessible to lowest common denominator is important . 
  people can continue to call him dumb ... while he manages to get two terms as president of the us . 
   it 's not a conspiracy that current minister of environment is climate change denialist which has fuckall to do with the forest . 
   maybe it will collapse partially , but that 's the fucking point to see how the nature will deal with it . 
  i thought it was about preservation ? 
  if cutting down part of it can save the rest , that seems worth whatever nebulous ` risk ' there is to the ecosystem . 
  it is people appointed by obama who are undermining trump now by leaking information . 
  you 're right though , trump should have fired them all immediately instead of thinking that he could compromise and work with them . 
  ironically , part of the reason western rome fell were the barbarians within who did not assimilate ... 
  nyt is n't conservative lol ... 
   there 's a leadership vacuum at the federal level . 
  more like a rebellion by obama appointees and obstructionists . 
  being sore losers is not a good reason to leak , but luckily trump is going to fire some people when he gets back so it should stop soon . 
  he was fighting against gaddafi , so it was n't three weeks before the attack . 
  he did go there recently , but he was already radical by then . 
  the san bernadino attacker in the us is another example . 
  he was by all accounts normal , went to saudi arabia to learn how to be a better muslim , came back with a wife , and that 's when his behavior changed and he went postal . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of people convinced by local imams or with internet videos , but just as many become radicalized by traveling overseas and meeting others who have extreme views . 
  here 's an [ article on the phenomenon ] ( https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/salman-abedi-what-we-know-manchester-terrorist-attack-radicalised-isis-islam-british-a7754906.html ) , where the author says this :  right now , local authorities and prevent teams need to redouble their energies to review cases of young people in their care who have shown vulnerabilities and who have travelled overseas in the last 12 months , in particular to countries where islamist extremism is active . 
   the chances of vulnerable and troubled youngsters returning to their parents ' countries of origin ( in the arc which starts from tunisia through to jordan and including pakistan ) , and coming across islamist extremists or extreme material is , depressingly , a realistic prospect .
