   i 'm sure the germans would prefer to spent 200 billion and to talk everyone into building a eu army to provide their own security against russia . 
  i agree that multiple superpowers would be a disaster , but i do n't think an eu army could happen . 
  i 'm first generation american , my family is polish , so i have some insight into both worlds . 
  there is too much internal division in europe for the eu to become more federal . 
  you germans could probably manage it with the french and dutch , and a handful of other countries , but there is far too much patriotism in poland for them to join . 
  they are seriously like an america inside europe when it comes to nationalism . 
   worth noting but this is an entirely different system to ` immigration ' this system is n't about ` picking the good ones ' seems like you understood me just fine . 
  and japan , the philippines , china , israel , etc. . . 
  you do n't see the difference between hand picking the best candidates vs anyone off the boat ? 
  i was just commenting on the german perception of him , lacking in nuance . 
  well their contributions have been going in the wrong direction . 
   you mean without the context ? 
  nato is obsolet . 
  he already said nato was no longer obsolete , months ago . 
  what is the putin connection ? 
  if you mean working for putin , that is just the pathetic attempt of the media to explain why democrats lost what they thought was a sure thing . 
  ( the media in the us supports the democratic party ) yeah , i understand that your impression of him is distrust . 
  that is all the media is saying , all day , every day . 
  when he was running , we were told that he was a madman that would start ww3 with russia or accidentally nuke someone . 
  now he is an agent of putin . 
  it 's a big joke over here . 
  edit :  distrust is coming from uncertainty . 
  he never directly said anything really wrong . 
  but the impression he creates , sews distrust . 
  looking back over this quote , it strikes me that perhaps the biggest issue with trump , and tell me if i 'm wrong , is that germans do n't like unpredictability . 
  i know he seems chaotic but there is a method to madness that i will explain below . 
  the temperamental nature that you see is just him venting his mood in an unrestrained way . 
  it should n't be taken literally all the time . 
  he trolls and jokes as if he was in a less serious position , but he is deadly serious in intent . 
  his personality is part of his negotiating strategy . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's 100 % calculated , just that he is using similar tactics as he does in business . 
  he takes advantage of people underestimating him . 
  for example , he will put really obvious typos in his tweets when he wants the media to cover an important topic because he knows that they ca n't resist any opportunity to mock him . 
  while they are laughing at how dumb he is , they are inadvertently drawing attention to the content of the tweet . 
   so if reality is that our market is much more intertwined than trump suggests and american companies dominate many segments of our economy and america is earning very good with that : why does he complain ? 
  what do you think how normal dude would read that ? 
  the reality is that our economy has been bled over many decades now due to really stupid trade practices . 
  ( i do n't even believe they are stupid , it 's too well orchestrated ) for example , do you know that we are one the few countries in the world that has no national vat ? 
  so when we set up a free trade deal with a country like mexico , what they do is apply vat universally but then reimburse companies if their goods are exported into the us . 
  that means our companies pay extra to send products to mexico , while their companies pay nothing to send to us because of ` free trade ' . 
  the result ? 
  one way dumping of products while jobs go overseas . 
  we run a half a trillion trade deficit annually , so do n't tell me our country is doing well . 
  how many jobs do you think tech companies provide ? 
  not many . 
  their profits go to the wealthy , not the average american . 
  you are seriously saying that we have nothing to complain about ? 
  we do n't all have a sweet setup like the eu to artificially cap our currency 's value and promote exports ... 
  i would take a solid manufacturing economy like germany or china over a financial/service economy any day . 
   and i also think she 'd prefer to wait a bit for that to happen . 
  those refugees are not that cheap . 
  some talk about a sum 25-45 billions a year does n't that say everything though ? 
  the priority are these refugees and not the shared defense spending . 
  that 's fine if you think that is more important , but it does make it a reasonable criticism as well . 
   and all what merkel said was that we are following our law and when a refugee crosses the border why would she need to say that you are following your own laws ? 
  i 've seen many germans give the reasoning that you have , but no one other than you saw it that way . 
  even the migrants thought it was an invitation . 
   nonetheless it would be nice to see that as what it is : money spent for the war in syria . 
  and when we ask for help we 're mocked and told `` keep those brown dudes away from us ! '' . 
  it 's not just syrians that came through though . 
  they were like what , half ? 
  plenty of north africans joined the party . 
  i 'm from the us , so we get this race shit all the time , but i am telling you , it 's not about that . 
  people are shaking their heads looking at what germany and sweden are doing to themselves . 
  you are n't taking educated black americans or brits here , who just happen to have a string of bad luck . 
  they may share a skin color , but these migrants are in complete opposition to you culturally and will be nothing but a burden for future generations . 
  if they were real refugees , you would see more women , children , and elderly , rather than boatloads of fit young men . 
   but you must also accept that it 's very alienating to be trolled and insulted by him all day , while he congratulates erdogan and duterte haha . 
  did you pick those two because they have a bad reputation for being authoritarian ? 
  if you are arguing that germany is a better and more free state , you would get no disagreement from me . 
  the reason trump praises them and has criticism for many in the eu is simple : they do n't oppose him . 
  turkey and the philippines want to work with trump , while europe wants guarantees that things will be as they have been before they will take any action . 
  unfortunately , trump 's perspective is that america has had a raw deal and he wants things to change . 
  you see how this would naturally lead to conflict ? 
  to give the eu their guarantees is to make them comfortable again , and where would there be any incentive to change ? 
  trump is in a tough position , because he really wants a nato focused on terrorism and ensuring security in europe , but he can not allow things to remain as they are given the promises he made to american voters . 
  if europe would realize that and just give him what he wants , real progress towards the 2 % goal , then he would easily give them what they want . 
  you notice he made a threat about nato members making up for having missed their promised targets for so long ? 
  he does n't want to do that , but he feels as though he must keep pressure up to see anything happen . 
  look how nice he was to the romanian pm , or how nice he has always been with japan . 
  if you work with him , he works with you . 
  challenge him , and he will give you a serious fight . 
  how do i know this ? 
  trump is predictable . 
  in the primaries , he would go after his opponents really hard , and then not mention them at all once they were defeated or capitulated to him . 
  he does not hold grudges because it 's truly not personal . 
  it 's the american way , and we love him for representing us like that . 
  you should not rely on american media to accurately gauge his popularity among the populace , or you will be caught off guard when he is re-elected , just as when the world was shocked by his victory . 
  ( i feel like there is probably more correlation between the media and popular opinion in germany , but you tell me ) the way macron behaved at the summit , like he was going to dominate trump with a handshake , was so embarrassing and cringey . 
  trump is not some bully to stand up to , he is the guy that wishes to get along but needs you to meet him halfway because he has things to do , goals to meet . 
  you said it 's diplomacy , not business . 
  well for trump , it is entirely business . 
  that 's why it 's not important to him if turkey 's voters want to empower a strongman like erdogan . 
  his focus is on america 's interests ( america first :p ) , not safeguarding liberty around the world . 
  ( you should be happy about that after bush ) at times , that will mean getting involved internationally because we are all connected , but if you do not get in his way when it comes to restoring the american economy , then he would rather get along with you than waste energy fighting . 
  thanks for going in depth . 
  it is interesting to see the german perspective fleshed out more . 
  the world could use more of that . 
  strangely , he was well received in saudi arabia and i think there are muslims there . 
  your statement lacks nuance .
