  what a perfectly reasonable thing to say . 
  if you do n't like who they pick , why would you unconditionally support them ? 
  the way he got under people 's skin and really questioned the status quo was refreshing . 
  he encouraged people to question the purpose of nato after the dissolution of the ussr , which you might think was a bad thing , but it did stimulate discussion of how we could repurpose it to focus on more modern problems like terrorism . 
  that 's the kind of quality you want in a leader . 
  he will speak his mind without a filter ; a treasured american trait which can come off as impolite or alienating to europeans especially . 
  he has kept his promises to americans as much as possible , and this is the most important thing in a democracy . 
  when i say rational and pragmatic , remember that i 'm speaking from an american perspective . 
  a german may look at his actions and see a bumbling fool or madman due to our differing worldviews . 
  we are quite divided in our own country for the same reason . 
  at least we can all agree that the next eight years wo n't be boring . 
  i guess i was wrong , you really did n't understand what i was saying lol . 
   you formulate it as we have a choice anymore . 
  the refugees are in the country , nobody wants to take them in europe or turkey . 
  and we are not allowed to send them to syria . 
  i 'm not saying i want them deported immediately . 
  this is some weird british fatalism . 
  you can do anything you want here . 
  what you mean is that your commitment to arbitrary ` human rights ' prevents you . 
  no one has a right to live in germany other than the germans , and if there was a will in this case , you are smart enough to find a solution . 
  how do you think europe was safe for so long from this kind of migration ? 
  local leaders in africa were bribed to prevent their people from leaving by force . 
  so if the idea of protecting borders forcefully disgusts you , you can always outsource it like in the past . 
  the turkey deal is one example . 
  the alternative is that the wave comes and crushes you . 
  we have a similar problem in the us , where we are forced to crack down on illegal immigration or watch our schools and hospitals become overwhelmed . 
  we now have a serious gang problem we are trying to fix too . 
  ( ms-13 )  even if their status is unclear , for example by not having papers , they will be sooner or later sorted out . 
  you ca n't [ keep track of them ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/35667858 )  they should get our help , as long as the war is raging . 
  but then they should go home to rebuilt their country . 
  again they should get our help while rebuilding . 
  but then it needs to be over . 
  being a refugee should not result in immigration . 
  this worked for example very well during the kosovo war . 
  believe it or not but i respect that opinion . 
  it 's just that in these times , i think you are naive to believe that they will go back . 
  you can tell by how the media speaks of the ` new europeans ' . 
  if my country wants to help at all , i would ideally want it limited to outside of the borders . 
  we have taken many somalian refugees , and the results are terrible . 
  one example involved a somali man taking a person at walmart hostage because he did n't get a promotion . 
  he was gunned down by police . 
  when i first heard the story , tragic as it is , i actually laughed because i realized that he is just applying what is normal in his culture to ours . 
   if he does plan to keep himself out of all wars , why would he need to increase the military budget ? 
  would n't it be good for economy to put the money into infrastructure and schools ? 
  that 's what i would call the ` american burden ' . 
  trump believes that you need the military to be strong enough that you never have to use it , and he 's not wrong . 
  iraq may bother you , but have you considered what the world might be like if there were no american hegemon ? 
  part of the reason oceanic trade works is that we totally control sea lanes and there is no power that could challenge us . 
  if people began blockading strategic points , or if other powers tried to extend their influence , you would see a lot more suffering in the world . 
  the sacrifice has always been that americans have the military cost and associated criticism when it is mishandled , while europeans could spend more freely on their social programs . 
  ( no criticism . 
  if we let you do that then that 's on us )  but we should n't throw out all of our values just to earn some money . 
  that 's one way to look at it . 
  i would say that we are not throwing out our values , just not forcing others to adopt them . 
   trump was annoying a lot of people with his strongman handshake . 
  he did the same thing macron was doing about a dozen times before . 
  so why was this not cringey for you ? 
  not sure why you forgive him everything , while you think it 's cringey when anybody else is doing the same ? 
  macron was obviously trying to show off and act like he was taking a stand . 
  as you said , trump always shakes hands the way he does . 
   why is he doing that ? 
  i mean making up stuff . 
  it has never agreed on the 2 % now . 
  with nobody in nato , with no president of the us . 
  why is he keeping to repeat that made up bullshit ? 
  he wants to see movement towards the goal , so he applies pressure . 
  i do n't think he is making up stuff . 
  he is shaming in a way that has never been done before , and yeah , i would n't like it either , but that 's why he does it . 
  think of it like teasing you to spur some action . 
  he wants you to be pissed off and motivated , hopefully to comply , but he will happily spar with merkel if he has to . 
  he 's been fighting people in the business world , and then the political world , and now the media world . 
  he will be fighting his whole presidency . 
  we americans like that lol . 
   where we needed 10 people to produce something , we already need only one dude anymore . 
  and this will increase . 
  not sure why he thinks that manufacturing will get your economy anywhere . 
  i mean what use has the biggest manufacturing complex in the world for the workers , if there is only one employee in the whole complex , overseeing the machines ? 
  :p manufacturing is everything . 
  you are thinking solely in terms of the factory , but what about all of the economic activity it generates ? 
  in sc , for example , we do n't just have a bmw plant . 
  we have parts suppliers , maintenance technicians , repair , etc. 
  the workers spend that money locally , creating demand for grocery stores , etc. 
  an automated factory still needs employees , just fewer of them . 
  i would rather have high tech factories in the us than rely on slave labor in china . 
  it 's inevitable anyway as chinese wages increase . 
  ( as you said ) in this world , you either have resources that other people need or you make products with those resources that you can export . 
  services are nice but much easier to replicate . 
   i also need to say that trump losing trust does not mean hate or something . 
  germans just love security . 
  especially social security and economic security , but also security from war . 
  for example : losing a job in germany is a really big thing . 
  its perfectly normal to work your entire life for one company . 
  its not like we shake in fear when someone is threatening this security , but we might overreact a bit by getting angry for being threatened and start to implementing a wide array of security nets everywhere . 
  and we tend to be a bit stubborn when a decision is made . 
  this kind of overreaction and stubbornness has a name since the romans came to germany . 
  i thought that 's what it was , nice to have it confirmed . 
  it 's a sad thing then , since trump is also stubborn . 
  i hope the fallout is n't too bad . 
  i 'm not sure the end result matters though . 
  if he can not get the commitment he wants , then he will move to other options .
