  it 's possible to increase efficiency with higher wages , through attracting better skilled workers , but there 's no causal relation . 
  shopping itself is not productive at all . 
  ( it 's consumption ), 
  well prices for consumer electricity in sweden are almost triple what i pay . 
  in germany , they are closer to 4x . 
  if they would like to pay higher prices to lower their co2 output , that 's great . 
  not everyone shares that sentiment . 
  i look forward to the day china takes over the world so that europeans have a new boogeyman to complain about , albeit one who will care far less about the environment or your criticism . 
  so education is n't the only factor that makes you a normal european then . 
  he said education makes you as good as a normal european . 
  the terrorism in the uk shows that it 's not that simple . 
  if terrorism is too uncommon , we can go into genital mutilation , honor killings , etc. 
  let me ask you , who should be appointed to a finance position in the government ? 
  joe schmoe off the street who knows how to add numbers together , or someone who has a clue ? 
  if you have evidence of corruption in the current admin , let 's see it . 
  this retarded `` hate anyone associated with a large corp '' attitude is delusional . 
  instead of putting successful people in these important positions , let 's stack it with people who have n't made any money !, 
  brilliant idea . 
  if it could replace human workers then it already would be . 
  even in the wealthier western countries we do n't see it that much yet . 
  is hungary also demanding solidarity from other states ? 
  it 's the hypocrisy of germany that attracts the beatings . 
   it was to stop immigration , which it did in the long term . 
  you mean in the short term , while also giving turkey leverage over the eu . 
  one day he may decide to open the flood gates , and what then ? 
  it should n't be . 
  why not pay some poor african country nearby to take them and then force them back to where they came from ? 
  they would be happy to get their hands dirty for you in exchange for very little money . 
  fucking sad , is n't it ? 
  if what you 're saying is true , there should n't be any home grown terrorists in britain because they get the same education as the natives . 
  we expanded the definition of ` people ' since then . 
  that does n't make his quote incorrect . 
  that 's called quality of life . 
  you think the nigerians would n't emit the same co2 if they could ever reach a similar level of development ? 
  watch what happens as china and india develop . 
  he will raise it to attract a better quality of worker from a limited pool . 
  the productivity results in higher wages but inflation eats those earnings so you do n't see them . 
  the money floods into the banks which then props up record level stock market prices , and real estate , things typically owned by the wealthy rather than the peons . 
  that and the fact that they only like to loan to the already wealthy is exactly why the wealth disparity in the us is so bad and continues to get worse . 
  money would be an accurate measure were currencies not heavily manipulated , or had governments not created incentives to throw money into things like the stock market . 
  you are right , everything being equal , but if it 's truly the same quality , why ca n't the polish worker offer his services so that the client can benefit from a lower price ? 
  if the client prefers a swedish worker , perhaps for the ease of explaining things and cultural familiarity , then it is not the same quality of labor is it ? 
  the swede would have a domestic advantage when it comes to communication , in the same way that nobody in america considers tech support from an indian named `` bob '' to be equivalent to a native english speaker . 
  pathetic . 
  why not beg the un to send some peacekeeping troops while you 're at it ? 
  no , we just do n't read the same propaganda as you . 
  you think growth will stop ? 
  remember that automation is only used when it is cheaper than paying wages to a person , so the only way it would take over in eastern europe is if wages rose high enough that it would be worth considering . 
  if conditions for investment are attractive and you see more businesses demanding labor , they will bid up the price to the point that technology becomes more attractive . 
  even in china they are feeling the pain of rising wages . 
  the bar for being a neo-nazi is pretty low these days . 
  no i 'm saying with regards to security , there is not much he can do personally there . 
   is it the same in usa ? 
  where court system does n't have effective power to elect their own members ? 
  yes , it 's the same but without this middle layer council that selects nominees . 
  why should they be able to elect their own members ? 
  the legislative branch is chosen by voters , so there is some tiny level of accountability . 
  allowing the judiciary to select themselves seems to be like it would promote a hierarchy based on seniority , a club atmosphere where everyone knows everyone , in which people must be appeased to move up , and where there will be pressure to fit in and think the same . 
  you are talking about the way he expresses himself . 
  many people do n't like it , and would prefer polished rhetorical speech like obama 's , but that really says nothing about his intelligence . 
   this brings us to a third , more compelling and quite disturbing theory -- the one that my afghan friend , the court translator , puts forward . 
  on the basis of his hundreds of interactions with these young men in his professional capacity over the past several years , he believes to have discovered that they are motivated by a deep and abiding contempt for western civilization . 
  to them , europeans are the enemy , and their women are legitimate spoils , as are all the other things one can take from them : housing , money , passports . 
  their laws do n't matter , their culture is uninteresting and , ultimately , their civilization is going to fall anyway to the horde of which one is the spearhead . 
  no need to assimilate , or work hard , or try to build a decent life here for yourself -- these europeans are too soft to seriously punish you for a transgression , and their days are numbered . 
  perfect summation . 
   once you have set foot in europe , it will be almost impossible to get rid of you ; indeed , you can literally commit murder . 
  if a court finds you guilty of rape , you need only argue that if you are sent home , your conservative society will kill you for the dishonorable act -- then you ca n't be shipped out , because eu law forbids extradition if doing so puts the individual 's life at risk . 
  and murderers can not be sent back to countries that have the death penalty or a judicial system known to be harsh . 
  makes me wonder how strongly europeans believe in these values . 
  is n't that the point of asylum ? 
  he 's in an impossible situation really . 
  they very regularly abduct people who are n't north korean . 
  http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/04/17/north-korean-commandos-ready-to-kidnap-americans-says-defector.html https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/01/north-korea-abduction-robert-boynton-invitation-only-zone-book https://nypost.com/2016/01/10/how-north-korea-kidnapped-hundreds-brainwashed-them-into-spies/, 
  plenty of them are more than willing to let the extreme ones handle the killing . 
  the us does n't do anything like what i read in that report . 
  they might contract the work out to brutal regimes , but they do n't do it personally . 
  it 's not different . 
  this law basically aligns their judiciary with that of most western nations , including the us . 
  welcome to the circlejerk , where we only read the title and then proceed to bitch and moan about it . 
  if you look at it objectively , it actually introduces a check on the judiciary that did n't exist previously . 
  they can decide whether a parliamentary election is valid , but they themselves are only beholden to professional associations of lawyers , and the president , who confirms their nominees . 
  this adds an additional check from the legislative body . 
  i ca n't speak to any of the social practices , i 'm just looking at the law itself . 
  it does n't force anything , so i do n't see how you can say that judges ` must ' do this or that , or that it 's not a suggestion , when that is what it amounts to from a legal standpoint . 
   it simply should n't ever be suggested that any one religion 's values are equally important as the existing law and should influence the court 's decision in any way people 's values should not be reflected in the law ? 
  they are not talking solely about christian values , but social values also . 
  it is right to say that your law should reflect the morals and beliefs of the people in your society . 
  my interpretation is that they are simply reminding judges not to attempt to rule in a way designed to change society rather than reinforce the existing values , allowing any changes to come from the bottom up instead of being forced from the top down . 
  you may see some ulterior motive behind the legislation , and you might be right , but i do n't see christianity being forced on people in this instance . 
  by the way , what is your ideal ? 
  that religion not exist or not have any effect on the government ? 
  i guarantee you that religion is influencing courts everywhere that religious people exist in the judiciary . 
  just as it influences legislators and the laws they produce . 
  as long as law codifies morality , religion will play a part in determining the law . 
  ( as an aside , it just seems to me that you do n't enjoy living in a religious country ), 
   judges in accordance with the new law must adjust their verdicts to christian values . 
  ok , this sounds bad too , just like the article . 
  ( tell me if i 'm referring to the wrong section , i took it from a facebook post which refers to ` kaczy\u0144ski 's caliphate ' ) :  in social life , in addition to legal norms , there is also a system of norms and values not covered by statutes , but equally well-rooted , derived from morals or christian values . 
  social justice plays the role of principle , pattern , ideal ; is to move the ethical and legal idea of justice into the sphere of socio-economic relations .
