  economics play a much larger role and we have several parties to cater to the various possibilities . 
  link ? 
  i 'm curious how you know that they do n't . 
   idk why giving you an example is revelant with what i said well i have to understand what you mean by successful integration . 
  are you talking about some hypothetical that you hope will come true , or do you know it can ? 
  you are saying that it 's only far right bias to claim that they wo n't assimilate , and i want to know why you think so . 
  the fact that you are comparing jews and eastern european immigrants , both of which were quite similar to western europeans culturally speaking , to arabs and africans and acting like there is no difference , indicates to me that you are utterly clueless . 
  it says that you believe the only difference between everyone is skin color , like there is no such thing as culture at all . 
   in the same time , it wasnt write on their face unlike old colony descendant migrant that they parent was n't french . 
  why even bring up polish or portuguese integration if you are going to admit at the same time that it 's way easier for them to integrate because they look the same ? 
   like disrespect , common humiliation @black people in usa what the hell are you talking about ? 
  black people are n't humiliated in the us . 
   usa/canada even if it 's far away to be perfect , we ca n't say there is no progress since the xix century to make a more peaceful society than before so hundreds of years and our population is not integrated , but you think it 's going to be easier for you ? 
   the main problem to do a successful integration/assimilation in a specific country is the common core of the far right ideology ( from every religion or ethnic group ) and their zealots which do whatever they can to keep hate and division between humanity . 
  oh fuck me , you are insane . 
  there are those who [ disagree ] ( http://www.epi.org/blog/fast-track-to-lost-jobs-and-lower-wages/ ) . 
  why are our imports so excessively high if we are not losing jobs ? 
  if we are producing a similar amount , just automated , then we should be making our own goods . 
   that job creation increased across the board ( which is why the 90s were the most massive job creation period in us history ) . 
  we were at that part of the business cycle . 
  people often attributed the growth to clinton , but it would have occurred no matter who was president , or whether we had nafta . 
   germans have a rather rational way to think about the advantages and disadvantages of their country . 
  that 's a good way to put it . 
  it 's very present-focused . 
   on the other hand what is integration supposed to be ? 
  people migrating to the us do n't change their religion or stop watching football and start watching american football . 
  they learn the language ( at least most of them ) and try to succeed economically within the boundaries of the law . 
  this is integration and you 're considered to be integrated in the us if doing so . 
  you would be surprised how many americans disagree with you . 
  we want immigrants to love our country and its people , to respect the history and the sacrifices made in the past to secure the freedoms we have , to celebrate the independence and not try to change things . 
  you can keep your turkish traditions , or mexican ones , but when you come here you are expected to become american and place that loyalty above ties to your homeland . 
  that means celebrating with us , respecting the flag , etc. 
  keeping a flag of your home country is fine , but waving it around in protest is considered a huge sign of disrespect . 
  we want people who come here to share our values , because if you are coming here just for a job then you are n't trying to become american at all . 
  we want a certain spirit more than anything else . 
  the german way is quite mechanical , to an american . 
  you expect conformation with language , work , and i guess all the appearances of being a productive member of society , but you do not demand any affinity to the country itself . 
  what i 'm saying probably comes across as barely comprehensible lunacy to you , the ramblings of a mad man . 
   actually from my experience the people living in germany from english speaking countries like the us , uk , canada , australia and irland are the least integrated . 
  they are usually not learning german while working here . 
  they do n't now anything about german politics or culture because everything they can read or watch has to be in english . 
  still those people contribute to germany by working here although living in parallel societies without integrating at all . 
  ** so even if not integrated , people can improve the situation in countries . 
  ** yeah that 's no great shock to me . 
  the last sentence there illustrates the difference between our two countries perfectly . 
  i vehemently disagree with it . 
  without integration , any immigrants brought to the country are harmful , contributing partly to its slow deterioration . 
   you criticized it for being a misnomer , but you were n't understanding the point . 
  think of it as a verb and not a noun . 
  hey a distinction without a difference . 
   and you also said that the tpp was largely about copyright - that 's also bullshit . 
  it was about protecting us intellectual property in asia . 
  it 's the most important aspect for the us , since it covers our main export . 
  you can call it bullshit if you like but you have n't actually said anything of substance . 
  no i think that germans do not particularly hold their own culture in high esteem . 
  german culture appears from the outside to be more like anti-culture , where the value is placed on everything that is different in germany . 
  the foreigners know this and they do take pride in their own culture , so there is no motivation for them to change . 
  they would rather be turks in germany than germans of turkish descent . 
  the things you listed are true . 
  they came to germany for a better future . 
  they came to earn more money . 
  they want their kids to succeed in school . 
  they did not come to be germans though . 
   you 've been listening to some bizarre conspiracy theories , my friend . 
  it 's called using logic . 
  tpp includes various intellectual property provisions . 
  obviously since we are a very advanced economy dependent on that to protect our innovations on things like drugs and software , and we were entering into an agreement with asian nations that are not dependent on those things , it would have given us a huge advantage . 
  ( our corporations , anyway )  stop thinking about it as `` trade is now free '' and think of it instead as `` trade is now free-er '' . 
  thanks for restating my point a different way . 
  hopefully that clears it up for people who are still confused . 
  link ? 
  well yes but they followed the rules and their children learned the language and customs . 
  they did not stay separate for generations unless they were isolated in rural areas . 
  germans and italians came not knowing english and they integrated without welfare , so no , it 's not impossible . 
  i 'm saying that just because the deal is called a ` free trade ' deal does n't mean that it is perfectly fair . 
  yeah i 'm aware . 
  after all , tpp was largely about getting asian countries to accept america 's patent system . 
  i think you 're missing my point though , which is the fact that differing policies can still give unfair advantages even though low tariffs and regulatory concessions create the appearance of fairness . 
  free trade is a misnomer , because it does not mean there is no discrimination happening . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not saying he is some fanatic , just that he will allow fanaticism to grow because he is making it part of the turkish national identity in order to consolidate power . 
  once he begins to ride the tiger , he will not want to stop . 
  as far as christianity goes , how common is dominionism ? 
  and how commonly is islamic law the law of the land ? 
  christianity just does n't have the circumstances surrounding it that islam does . 
   what i object to with erdogan is n't that he leverages religion , but that he 's taking actions that deeply modify the political system to eliminate sources of opposition to him ( to say nothing of his mass purges ) . 
  well i think you should , because if the culture changes to become more fundamentally religious , that will be far harder to undo than it would be to change the political system . 
  politics is downstream of culture , and culture always changes more slowly . 
  yeah i agree . 
  if anything , nafta has made things worse for mexicans by taking away farming jobs . 
  they ca n't compete with our government-subsidized corn prices , for example . 
  why are we subsidizing corn anyway ? 
  who knows . 
  no but it is what erdogan is moving towards . 
  it 's how it works for america . 
  well of course they do . 
  they are looking mainly at gdp growth and consumer prices , and not the effect on worker 's jobs . 
   plus it went a long way in deepening north american relations , helping maintain a stable , friendly continent for america to project it 's influence from . 
  canada would have been a good neighbor either way , and mexico remains a nightmare country so i 'm not convinced . 
  if we really wanted a stable and friendly continent , we would do something about drugs and corruption from south of the border instead of trade .
