  we are a very critical bunch in general . 
  i like to challenge myself to avoid falling into group think . 
  unfortunately i find myself having to defend trump constantly because the media does not want to stick to any actual problems that he has . 
  nobody talks about how much trouble he is having getting anything done , for example , due to the courts and republican failures . 
  too busy on russian bullshit for that . 
  sidenote : i watched the joint conference with macron . 
  surprisingly pleasant , and interesting to see that they have some relationship . 
  how do you interpret that ? 
  is macron now as much a russian agent as le pen ? 
  obviously it 's not going to stop at 7k . 
  if you believe that , you are a naive fool . 
  the 7k is just the method of opening the gates to the vast flood that will come from africa . 
   i think it enriches my own country in many ways but i disagree with the anti-secularism , erdogan preaching , anti-western fanatics who believe in an ideology that is arguably outdated by at least several centuries . . what i mean is that i think the statement above is contradictory . 
  you ca n't have a multicultural society , meaning a society made up of multiple distinct cultures , without inviting cultures that are in opposition to yours . 
  it 's not a matter of homogeneity in race or not . 
  the question is : do you have a single unitary culture that you expect others to adapt themselves to , or do you take the relativistic approach and think all cultures have a rightful place in your society ? 
  if you believe the latter , you can not exclude hateful ideologies . 
  the fact that western countries are not enforcing their own culture as the best is why competing ideologies are allowed , including those that would destroy yours . 
   yep , it 's not like i do n't want a multicultural society . 
  i really do n't get this . 
  you clearly see what is happening , and it concerns you , but you still want multiculturalism ? 
  i think that germany/france/uk are feeble countries that do n't have any desire to protect their own values . 
  that is why they invite people with opposing values into their country . 
  why would people in poland want any part of that ? 
  destroying your own country is not a sign of strength . 
   most media really , apart from the conspiracy sites i suppose . 
  most media is owned by a handful of companies that push propaganda to serve their interests . 
  why did jeff bezos , owner of amazon , buy what is basically a money losing business when he purchased the washington post ? 
  it 's not out of the goodness of his heart . 
  but you get to hear similar opinions coming from what you think are disparate sources , and it pleases your confirmation bias to know that you possess the ` correct ' majority opinion that these ` news ' organizations are trumpeting . 
  congratulations , you 're a corporate slave . 
   of course , sadly enough it seems that trump has a personality cult , who will not accept anything against their guru . 
  even at the time of bush , this was n't the case . 
  there are legit criticisms of trump . 
  i have some of my own . 
  the problem is you brainwashed fools will latch on to whatever the media feeds you about russia or whatever . 
  no , propaganda is not legitimate criticism . 
  for example , what proof is there of any connection between putin and trump ? 
  none , but you hate russia and so any action that is friendly towards them means something sinister must be going on . 
  infantile thinking . 
   actually it 's strange , this is more like going for a verbal punching bag that says everything i expect to say in response , than an actual back and forth , since i doubt anything will change or be different . 
  a destress exercise mainly . 
  or a game of who gets tired of taunting first . 
  then why respond ? 
  of course . 
  you brainwash yourself with leftist propaganda media , so all you hear is how bad trump is . 
  no shock here . 
  given the social programs , it does have to constantly grow or you run into problems remaining solvent . 
  well you either grow or start cutting . 
  how do you know it 's not ` development aid ' that has created this problem ? 
  it 's not going to flow into the muslim world because those ideas get pushed off a roof to fall to their death over there . 
  you did n't understand me . 
  i 'm saying that no polish politician 's career would survive such a move . 
  about france ? 
  lol . 
  leftists in my country do enrage me though , as they work fervently to destroy the freedoms we still have here . 
  your people already seem to submit to them . 
  why would i care about le pen ? 
  i do n't think about your country at all unless it ends up in the news for some reason , usually some new terrorist attack . 
  whether you continue to vote for leftist politicians that destroy your country or not is your business . 
   also , i thought you lot were about muslims , so why say we 'll be replaced by africans ? 
  well where do you think they 're going to come from ? 
  saudi arabia ? 
  you french pushed so badly to fuck up libya ... and you got what you wanted . 
  now reap the harvest . 
  judging by your most recent election , you 're more worried about being perceived as racist than protecting your own border , so the end result of that thinking is pretty obvious . 
  the faster you and germany descend , the better , so that you do less damage to europe as a whole . 
  you 'll be too busy focusing on internal problems to worry about others . 
   guess the fact that the continent you try to get your legitimacy from having nothing but contempt for you lot hurts . 
  maybe you 're a little upset that we stole your thunder , that france will never get that kind of attention again , except for as a lesson of what not to do with a country . 
  i ca n't blame you , it must be depressing . 
  i did n't say i had concern . 
  i said other people in the sub i 'm a part of had concern . 
  that 's why i said ` they ' . 
  personally , i 'm fine with you destroying yourselves . 
  the only problem i have is with the mess you will leave behind for the rest of europe who still give a shit , poland in particular . 
  enjoy your caliphate and the eventual replacement of your people by africans . 
  you wo n't be missed by the end . 
   no one else apart from the trump cabal is fooled . 
  should n't you lot be more worried now about the current scandals ? 
  actually no , i have a clue since i actually live in this country . 
  people do n't believe the media and are tired of being primed over and over again to expect some bombshell russian connection , only to find out there 's no evidence . 
  you can only do that so many times before people tune you out completely . 
  trump is easily going to win in 2020 . 
  what are you going to do then ? 
   also not my own words . 
  i think a few from your sub went around talking about a `` crusade on europe '' . 
  you do realize that we can see what you lot say , right ? 
  rofl , apparently you ca n't understand what we say , despite being able to read it . 
  when they talk about crusades and europe , they 're talking about it becoming christian again or protecting it from muslims , or joking about having to do something once muslims take over , because western europeans have become pathetic cowards who would rather let a barbaric culture wipe them out than stand up for anything . 
  they do n't literally mean we want to invade and take control of it , just for fun ... ( in fact , it 's the opposite . 
  they do n't want to see europe change , it 's a protective impulse that you have interpreted as a declaration of war lol ) we look at most of europe like a retarded step-brother who needs to be rescued from his own stupidity . 
  we stare aghast at your mistakes while thanking the heavens that we do n't live on your continent . 
  the only reason i care at all about what happens in europe , believe me when i say that most americans do n't even think about it , is that i still have family in poland . 
  lol , incredible . 
  from `` i 'd like not to have nuclear war with russia . 
  trade would be great too '' we get to `` try to invade us along with russia '' . 
  you do n't even realize how ridiculous you sound ... 
  yours clearly did . 
  glad to hear your honest opinion of us .
