  are they ? 
  in the meantime , obamacare 's failure is pricing many americans out of the healthcare market entirely , and insurers are pulling out now that the subsidies are drying up and the costs keep increasing to cover people with pre-existing conditions . 
   how is that better ? 
  trump will litteraly cost you trillions in damages that climate change will unquestionably cause . 
  hypothetically , you mean . 
  co2 is not bad for the environment . 
  it will stimulate algae and phytoplankton growth in the sea and increase our fishing supplies . 
   saved ? 
  he 's utterly destroyed america 's position as a world leader , he 's ruined political discourse with many long-time allies ... 
  he 's a disaster . 
  only people saving money are the rich btw , so unless you 're wealthy - you 're litteraly voting to make other people richer . 
  good job . 
  only in the eyes of european leaders and their sycophants . 
  when i saw that germany called us unreliable because we want them to meet their commitments on nato , get a fairer trade deal , and not destroy our economy with this climate agreement , i just rolled my eyes . 
  if our relationship means so little , then maybe we never really had one . 
  we offered similar terms to japan , and our relations are better than ever . 
  we even seem to get along better with china now than europe . 
  i never thought i would see that happen . 
  you 're welcome . 
  do n't forget [ germany !, 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11584031/germanys-record-trade-surplus-is-a-bigger-threat-to-euro-than-greece.html )  if eu law were properly enforced , germany would face fines for endangering eurozone stability and breaching the macroeconomic imbalance procedure for the fifth year in a row, 
  downvoted for honesty . 
  trump is n't trying to dodge . 
  he said he is open to renegotiating and would be happy to enter the agreement under better terms . 
  if other people do n't want that , well , it was going to cost us trillions anyway . 
  you really have nothing to threaten us with . 
  obama created a bunch of part-time mcjobs by making it really unattractive for employers to hire full-time due to obamacare , [ which he funded by stealing money from fannie and freddie ] ( http://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/2017/05/01/mnuchin-on-fannie-and-freddie-funds-used-to-pay-for-obamacare-its-true.html ) , knowing that it would fail once he was out of office . 
  the guy was an excellent grifter , i 'll give him that . 
  i remember how he kept saying that we could keep our doctor and plan , which was a total lie , while he imposed this massive tax on our population . 
  do you know why he ca n't call this agreement a treaty ? 
  because he knew he would not get support in our senate . 
  so he bypassed the whole process and called it an ` executive agreement ' . 
  yet people are concerned that trump is going to undermine our democracy lol . 
  he could n't do it better than obama already has . 
  trump will save us trillions by getting out of this crap agreement . 
  he saved tons of jobs by exiting tpp before that . 
  he 's already renegotiating our trade agreements . 
  when the healthcare and tax reforms happen , he will save us even more . 
  i feel that i should reward him for sticking to his word by voting for him again . 
  well i guess if you think population control means genocide , then i could see why you would think that . 
  are you telling me that you favor genocide ? 
  that 's pretty fucked up . 
  of course i am . 
  he is doing what he promised by saving us jobs , deporting illegals , etc , etc. 
  he 's the first honest president we 've had in a long time , and he is truly doing what is best for my country . 
  why would n't i vote for him ? 
  right , so we should be getting kudos for exercising population control . 
  more people means more co2 production to support them . 
  it was due to be 30 % lower emissions until we found out china was exempt . 
  what do you mean throw everything out ? 
  all trump is saying is let us change our contribution to something more reasonable . 
  yeah , we do foreign aid too , on top of securing oceanic trade routes and defending your countries so that you do n't have to . 
  maybe someone else can lead for a change . 
   because we needed the industrial age to get where we are now . 
  china and india are just recently booming and had/have a lot of projects in the pipeline . 
  oh my bad . 
  we absolutely need to drop co2 levels or we are all going to die , but let 's be fair and let china and india have their industrial age too . 
   but i guess you can just stay on your island and reject everyone . 
  i 'm sure a lot of countries will buy your environment damaging products . 
  we 'll still hurt the environment less than china or india . 
  yeah , probably should have saved that condemnation for the important stuff . 
  we 're not going to be insular . 
  we will trade like before , just without this agreement . 
  where is china 's sacrifice ? 
  india 's ? 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  is n't something better than nothing ? 
  right now , they 're going to get nothing . 
  he told me to think about what the other 192 countries could do with my country , the one that decided not to remain . 
  so their economy is worth more to them than these goals . 
  great , i agree with them . 
   meanwhile , the us is a fully developed country that can cut a lot more co2 emissions and still be , relatively , perfectly file . 
  it 's completely and utterly selfish to say bullshit like `` this is just a plan to drain wealth from us to china '' when the fact is that china needs that help and the us can provide that help for both countries to remain fine and for the planet to not be completely fucked up . 
  what ? 
  this does n't even make any sense . 
  let 's use an analogy . 
  say that i 'm draining water from a pool , and you are adding even more than i am removing , every day for 13 years . 
  how does me removing water from the pool achieve anything , if the goal is to empty it as quickly as possible ? 
  clearly we would all need to be removing water to make a difference . 
  how does the us committing to a 30 % reduction ` provide that help for both countries to remain fine and for the planet to not be completely fucked up ' ? 
  can i see your math on that ? 
  what goals are you talking about ? 
  the us reduces its footprint , and has been for a long time . 
  china only has lower per capita emissions because many of their people live like peasants . 
  when they are developed , their emissions will naturally rise to meet ours and exceed them . 
   same with india btw they cancelled several massive coal power plants and we are moving to natural gas , all without this dumb agreement . 
  so why is it needed then ? 
  well if it does , then why do n't germany and france want to renegotiate ? 
  anything to help save the world right ? 
  certainly the us economy will be much better off now . 
   think of what the 192 other countries can do now with the usa who dediced to not remain in the paris accord . 
  trump and his supporters make a big mistake if they believe that the paris accord is just about cutting emissions . 
  if you think you can threaten us into submission , you are mistaken . 
  i completely disagree . 
  trump is pointing out the fact that this is basically a scam meant to drain wealth from the us and send it to other countries . 
  he offered to renegotiate and was told to fuck off by germany and france . 
  if china and india had to follow the same emission reduction goals , then it would be different . 
  we would still be losing a lot , but everyone would be making the sacrifice instead of just us . 
  how do we know that china wo n't just use this opportunity to grow their economy and then just decide they do n't really want to participate in 2030 ? 
  we will have let them take over the world by then .
