  * we have an active missile shield in romania * we 're selling missiles to poland so what , now that we want to work towards peace this means trump is in bed with putin ? 
  do you expect a war with russia to prove loyalty ? 
   us is less willing than ever to stand in russia 's way . 
  based on what ? 
  some masturbatory fantasy ? 
  you are aware that we are currently sanctioning russia , yes ? 
  and condemning them for what they did in ukraine ? 
  apparently , you ca n't seek to work with a nuclear armed state towards peace without that being a form of capitulation ... 
  you think it wo n't happen in germany if you stop them from doing it back home ? 
  the law is n't some magic spell . 
  it 's not legal in the us either and it still happens here . 
  it 's just going to be a growing trend in germany over time . 
  gray means data is unavailable . 
  ( it 's on the wikipedia page for female genital mutilation ), 
  the right and far right in the us knows there is a big muslim problem here . 
  you see that trump was elected , after all . 
  what response are europeans taking ? 
  i see merkel saying that germany will not put a limit on the number of refugees admitted . 
  we are the canary in the coalmine . 
  we are telling you do n't do what we did . 
  south africa also . 
  you think they wo n't bring that practice to germany ? 
  they 're doing it in the us . 
  i heard that the israelis are buying the land , but then , due to the hatred between the two , palestinians are claiming the land was stolen after so as to not appear as traitors to their own people . 
  i do n't know the truth , but i am skeptical that they are outright stealing the land . 
  that just seems unnecessarily confrontational . 
  you need a strong eu to keep the individual member nations in line huh ? 
   a confrontation with between poland and the e.u. 
  plays right into the hands of the kremlin . 
  sure , a divided eu is good for putin , but the eu was divided long before this incident . 
  i guess people just wanted to pretend like it was n't . 
  europe is homogenous compared to us . 
  people do n't yet understand what kind of future is waiting for them once the migrant crisis really takes hold . 
  we americans warn you but you wo n't really understand until you have ghettos in your country . 
  wow , she was very beautiful . 
  what a waste . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know that the eu conditions it 's trade deals with israel on the progress of the peace talks . 
  edit : lol , why am i being downvoted ? 
  it says that in the article . 
  that 's going to happen eventually anyway . 
  better to do it now than when the next crisis hits . 
  because under globalization there are no more borders . 
  everyone is a ` global citizen ' . 
  we do n't have crime because of a lack of welfare . 
  you 'll understand when your nation is as diverse as ours . 
  maybe the speed of the immigration was a factor ? 
  more likely it 's like what the poster above said , where brits have been upset about the high levels of immigration for a long time but were afraid to be called racist if they complained about it until the immigrants were white . 
  yeah i just found that out yesterday . 
  unbelievable . 
  over in / r/the _ donald , someone was joking about how we should just put an illegal in charge of ice , and my first thought was that you canadians beat us to it . 
  you may not think so but i agree with you . 
  i 'm just stating what i think is realistic , given not only russia 's situation but the situation in ukraine . 
  it 's not that different from the situation with north korea . 
  the reason nothing is done about them is because china does not want to see a unified korea that is allied with the us on their border . 
  now you could say it 's a policy of appeasing china to think that there is not much we can do about the situation , but from a practical standpoint , they wo n't let it happen and they have the resources to keep it from happening because it is right next door to them . 
  we can encourage ukraine to find its own path and promote ways to help them gain independence , like poland with the lng terminal , but there are certain things that should not happen . 
  for example , someone tried to sneak a little promise into trump 's republican platform about arming ukraine with heavy weapons . 
  as an american , i am thinking `` no please no '' . 
  a bigot concerned about bigotry is the most amusing thing i 've seen today . 
  thank you for the laugh , i 'm happy to share the tears . 
  no , just your hypocrisy . 
  welcome to planet earth . 
  pick a country and enjoy the show . 
  edit : rofl , is that where you should be ? 
  you seem perfectly happy to hate on americans for their nationality . 
  yeah that 's because our illegal immigration problem stems from mexico , not europe . 
  if we only received legal , well-integrated english-speaking latinos , no one would care . 
   there 's no real culture to ` protect ' , the us culture relies on its diversity and patriotism , to which all races contribute . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  there 's always been a us culture that immigrants were expected to assimilate to . 
  this myth of america being some cultureless melting pot is a recent invention that serves the interest of politicians who want to increase immigration . 
  go to europe if you hate america so much . 
  these are the most dangerous cities by murder rate . 
  logically , most american cities do n't fall into this category . 
  if you promised to keep all the migrants in your country , i 'm sure they would gladly do that . 
   their numbers are rising because of legal immigration rofl  also states have no control over immigration policy or the border , this is a federal issue . 
  they are refusing to cooperate with federal authorities on the matter . 
   latinos have had good integration with us culture and the problems resulting from their immigration are fairly widely blow out of proportion . 
  damn , that 's a total lie . 
  we are importing their gangs here and seeing the insanity that was previously confined to mexico in our own country . 
  many cities are outright refusing to enforce immigration law . 
  the added stress on schools and hospitals is causing them to border on bankruptcy or force large increases in taxes . 
  there are various separatist movements wanting to take us territory for mexico . 
  they are better than muslims but not by much . 
  turkey is really just flirting with russia for its own selfish interest . 
  they do n't want to leave nato , they simply want to extract as much benefit out of both sides as they can . 
   pretending like nato is some sort of mafia insurance where other ( smaller ) nato members should pay up protection money to the usa . 
  / clap that 's the funniest thing i 've read on this board in a long time . 
  i ca n't say that russians are behind it , but this is absolutely happening in the us . 
  not just with blacks but with hispanic separatist movements . 
  i 'm almost certain the us will balkanize along ethnic lines in the future , although hopefully not in my lifetime . 
   right now , i am very concerned about the undercurrent in western europe and the us that russia should be somehow accommodated and given its `` sphere of influence '' , and that would make russians friendly towards us and more well-behaved . 
  it 's not about tempting russia with treats . 
  it 's realizing that russia is not going to allow the countries around its border to join the eu/nato for obvious security reasons . 
  the us has a lot of money and a strong military , but there are limits to what you can do when it comes to a powerful , nuclear-armed state that wants to maintain a buffer zone for itself . 
  i just try to put myself into the mindset of wondering how the us would respond if russia had bases , soldiers , and missile shields in mexico or cuba . 
  it would be intolerable and the us would do everything possible to stop that . 
  additionally , there is no way russia could maintain such a thing . 
  that 's not to say that you ca n't support ukraine being independent , but we should recognize that it has always been and will always be in russia 's sphere of influence and work on that basis .
