  what is exaggerated ? 
  yeah i would say it 's premature , more of a dream than anything useful today . 
   but look it this way , a country such as czech republic , they have to rely on someone else anyway , why would they choose poland over germany as their ` senior partner ' ? 
  it 's illogical . 
  in raw gdp terms , yes . 
  i 'm talking about being more of an equal partner though . 
  there is something to be said for having a voice at all . 
  the only issue is that this group ca n't easily stand on its own economically . 
  it will always be that way though , if the euro is adopted and they are more integrated into the german sphere of influence . 
  it seems rather necessary though . 
  what choice is there when you are stuck between germany/france and russia ? 
  would cz and slovakia rather be dependent on germany ? 
  seems to me it is better to be a small fish in a small pond than a small fish in a big pond ... surrounded by big fish . 
  i would love to see what ` unpoliticized ' history looks like . 
  trump has been unable to make any progress because of the allegations that he was installed by putin . 
  i think there will be a big change after he meets with him at the g20 . 
  nato also decided to refocus on terrorism directly because of trump 's statements . 
  so people can call him inconsistent or whatever , but he changed his mind after seeing an actual difference being made . 
  hard to create the eu nation state if you have people who are called ` french ' that like to distinguish themselves from the ` germans ' . 
  it 's a lot easier when everyone is ` european ' and has no ethnic ties to the land because they come from all over . 
  what makes them neo-fascist ? 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  it 's not that we 're better at assimilating them . 
  it 's that we have far fewer of them than europe , at less than 1 % of the population . 
  the areas where they congregate , like dearborn , are hotbeds of extremism no different than any other place . 
  it 's not true . 
  there is welfare for them here and they do not assimilate . 
  we often get stories of somalians getting killed by police for doing things like taking hostages . 
  there 's no sense in rewarding anyone for attempting to win a darwin award . 
  what 's the point of quibbling over it ? 
  they certainly took it as an invitation , and she did nothing to dissuade them of the notion . 
  i do n't remember a whole lot of czechs or hungarians complaining about their accommodations ... 
  i agree , and i do n't get it . 
  the proper thing is to call him a british citizen . 
  america is so diverse now that the label can mean anything , but most european countries are still ethnocentric states like china . 
  these redditors probably dream of changing that . 
  it 's not so great on the other side though ... 
  alright , you just do n't understand what gdp represents . 
  well with that logic , we 're perfectly justified to bomb the middle east after 9/11 . 
   being correct is enough to get others to drop their beliefs . 
  the whole point of getting to know other cultures is to adapt their best parts into your own culture . 
  this whole tolerance for bad things needs to stop . 
  in denmark we have a word called `` bj\u00f8rne tjeneste '' ( bear service ) while it have lost its meaning , originally it meant a service that does more harm than good . 
  fat-acceptance is bad !, 
  very bad !, 
  evil cultures ? 
  very bad !, 
  that 's the ideal , i 'm talking about what happens in practice in many countries . 
  i want people to respect our constitution and not burn our flag , for example , but having better values does n't make that happen automatically . 
  as you said , it needs to be enforced and bad behavior has to be discouraged . 
  of course they can . 
  we do n't require voter id in many states , so what would stop them ? 
  it 's not an extraordinary claim , it 's just combining knowledge of our voting system with basic logic . 
  from one of the sources below ,  on may 30 , the public interest legal foundation released ones of its most comprehensive reports . 
  its investigation found that virginia , which elects its next governor this year , removed more than 5,500 noncitizens from voter lists , including 1,852 people who had cast more than 7,000 ballots . 
  so how are you going to tell me that noncitizens do n't vote , when we are removing them from voter lists after they have cast ballots ? 
  i told you , it 's a question of how many , not whether or not it happens . 
  i do n't expect a european to be familiar with what is going on in our country , but you can google it you know . 
  for example , do you know that we [ decide congressional seats on the basis of a census ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_congressional_apportionment ) , one which does not account for legal status ? 
  in other words , just by being in the country illegals are affecting our political system . 
  https://www.newsmax.com/newsfront/non-citizens-may-be-voter-rolls/2017/06/25/id/798075/ http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/4/illegal-immigrants-who-vote-not-tracked/ http://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/illegals-did-vote-in-november-and-trump-is-right-to-investigate/, 
  where do you think the government gets its money ? 
  it matters whether your gdp increase is coming from productive activities like growing a business vs subsidizing the lives of people from the third world , because only one of those is sustainable . 
  i 'm not saying i know which it is , but you 'd better hope it 's the former , or when the money runs out your muslim friends might not be very happy about it . 
  we have way more than 4 million illegals here . 
  he 's definitely getting re-elected . 
  the media failed to make any controversies stick , and he 's keeping his promises to voters . 
  you 're going to hate america either way . 
  did n't germany take far fewer as a percentage of its total population though ? 
  not trying to knock sweden as i 'm completely unfamiliar with the economic situation there . 
  you know government spending is included as part of gdp ? 
  this is not necessarily a positive number in your case . 
  i mean someone has to pay for all the new housing , translators , etc. 
  true . 
  i remember reading statistics about germany 's birthrate improving ( from being one of the lowest in europe ) and the articles always neglect to mention that part . 
  it 's the same kind of `` privatize the profits , make the losses public '' attitude you see a lot of everywhere . 
  it looks great for the economy and gdp to bring them in , but then increased property taxes are what offload the education costs , etc. 
  he 's saying that just being correct is n't enough to get others to drop their beliefs . 
  it reeks of arrogance to think others are going to recognize your superiority and drop everything to emulate you , just because you let them into your paradise . 
  sovereign literally means acting independently of outside influence . 
  it is a contradiction in terms to call poland both sovereign and a puppet of the ussr . 
  you could say it had greater sovereignty than soviet states , but you ca n't say it was sovereign . 
  it 's kind of funny though . 
  nobody would ever accept me as chinese just because i was born in china , yet in white western countries it 's supposed to be different ? 
  edit : downvoted for telling the truth ? 
  lol, 
  i guess that means everyone in libya gets to come to europe . 
  that 's the conclusion of your line of thinking . 
  of course it is going to do nothing if you bring people over it ... 
  reagan thought he could get american border security and a wall built if he compromised on amnesty for illegals . 
  in the end , the amnesty passed but the illegal immigration problem remained . 
  the solution is to first stop the flow , then figure out how to deal with what is already inside . 
  you would handle a leaky pipe in your house the exact same way . 
  how rich muslims vote does n't really matter , just like how any rich person 's vote does n't matter . 
  rich people have different interests from the rest of us and are such a niche group they do n't impact the results much anyway . 
  ( other than indirectly through ads and financial support of course ) so where are the majority of muslims on the socio-economic scale , and how do they vote ? 
  that is the only metric that matters . 
   seriously ? 
  the majority here are second and third generation , if they were going to vote as a block we would have noticed decades ago . 
  it turns out they are a very diverse group that , as a whole , have very little in common with respect to policy .
