  a deficit on our end naturally means a surplus on someone else 's , so you would think , if it 's so bad , that these countries would be trying to find ways to correct it asap , yet there is not even a murmur of complaint from any of our trade partners about it . 
  i do n't see japan running to america saying , `` please , help us !, 
  we 've been running a surplus with you for 30 years now !, 
  i 'm part of that sub too . 
  i do n't support wilders , le pen , or hofer , mostly because i do n't know them or the countries they are trying to represent . 
  the ones who do are only supporting them because they are pushing for policies that limit immigration or strengthen sovereignty , the same things we supported trump for . 
  i would not even be against the eu personally if it was just a trade block , even though that makes it a us rival , because that 's obviously good for all the countries involved . 
  ( to standardize , lower tariffs against one another , etc ) people are pushing for federalization though . 
  the fiscal union is an unworkable disaster on its own and everyone knows it . 
  you are n't going to continue to see greece in crisis after crisis . 
  either there will be a full political union , or the eu will be reduced to common trade policies . 
  as a polish citizen , i want to see the latter . 
  if people vote otherwise though , then that 's what they want and good for them . 
  spin what ? 
  he is saying that it 's great if the countries like it . 
  that does n't mean that he personally likes it or thinks it 's good . 
  there 's nothing contradictory in the statement . 
  it 's being polite , like saying that you think your friend 's bmw is great if he enjoys driving it , even if you would never pick it yourself . 
  / r/europe is too easily triggered by trump to pick up on nuance like that . 
  because then every country would be free to follow its own goals . 
  there are downsides to a surplus , obviously , but use your brain . 
  if having a surplus is so bad , then why are so many us partners purposefully forcing it ? 
  i would rather be in a country with a surplus and excess jobs than one flooded with cheap products that i may not be able to buy . 
  before putting anything in the sidebar , you might want to work more on the argument side of things and less on the condescension side . 
  your post has a lot of words but little content . 
  he literally has no idea what he is talking about . 
  look at the trade balance of the us with smaller partners like japan or mexico . 
  we 've been dominated on trade for the past several decades by people smaller than us lol . 
  hopefully a deal with the uk will be fair for both sides . 
  it 's true , we generally allow other nations to step all over us on trade . 
  maybe with the uk we 'll start with something more equal . 
  america certainly wants to do a deal with the uk asap . 
  you mean an eu army ? 
  i 'd like to see the source for that one . 
  you, 
  that 's your interpretation . 
  dunning-kruger effect in action . 
  it certainly helps . 
  if you have less immigrants then the odds of radicalization go down because there are fewer people susceptible to the propaganda . 
  it 's not an either or situation ; you can have both closed borders and work to integrate the people already inside . 
   and did n't trump promise to crush isis in a month with his super secret plan he would not tell anybody ? 
  why is isis still a thing ? 
  no , he tasked his secretary of defense with coming up with a plan to destroy isis in 30 days . 
  we 'll see whether it 's effective or not later . 
   can it be because those two guys directly profit from isis terror on other countries ? 
  nah , that ca n't be true ... it must obviously mean that russia and the us are shit and a few thousand religious savages in the desert are too much for them . 
  how does russia directly profit ? 
  i mean if they did , why would they even bother intervening ? 
  if you do n't understand how oil & gas pipelines play into it then i could see why you might think that . 
  the us and saudi arabia profit by chaos and the resulting overthrow of assad , but russia obviously does n't . 
   so let me assure you , when you are lying in your own lake of blood you do not care too much about whether you were shot by an american or an immigrant to sweden . 
  though you may care about how safe sweden is in comparison to the us , before deciding where to go . 
  did you miss trump being elected ? 
  he talks about the violence in chicago and how unacceptable it is all the time . 
  the difference between america and sweden is that we acknowledge our problems here . 
  do you read right wing media ? 
  the violence here in inner cities is reported on constantly ... 
  right , and every single one of them has problems with immigrants , including sweden . 
  you just choose to interpret his comments in a way that makes them look inaccurate . 
   no , but it was n't crime and danger 24/7 either . 
  are n't you the one redefining things now ? 
  from your link :  it has also been used to refer to areas undergoing insurgency where ruling authorities have lost control and are unable to enforce sovereignty . 
  [ 2 ] if authorities are attacked for trying to arrest someone , and riots happen afterwards where police do n't even arrest anyone , then i think it qualifies . 
  for the record , we have these in the us too in some areas . 
  they congregate around each other anyway . 
  any rational person would . 
  if i were in china as an american , obviously i would be more comfortable with american expats over the native chinese . 
   and it is a dilemma : on the one hand , `` right '' say that they would take a more rigid stance on immigrants , but they want to dismantle eu in the same time . 
  they are not distinctly separate issues either . 
  part of the reason they want the eu dismantled is to be sure they retain full control over their borders . 
  people ca n't agree on what human rights means , whether it includes people having a right to come and settle if their home countries are shit . 
  not just north/south , coasts/inland too . 
  i 'm amazed that we function as well as we do . 
  we would probably work better as smaller blocks like south/western pacific/midwest/north east/central . 
  if people are vetoing so often , that suggests they do n't fundamentally agree on much in the first place . 
  a union would n't change that . 
   the states are n't some romantic whim , there 's a reason why they were created . 
  it 's becouse they solve many of ours problems , make our life easier . 
  that 's the romantic view of a state . 
  nobody sits down and says , `` let 's create a state to solve our problems '' . 
  states are created when people violently disagree on things like property and values . 
  nature works the way it does because of raw competition over resources and the necessity of survival . 
  rarely are western decisions made on that basis . 
  any move towards or away from a federated eu will be driven by the narrative of improving people 's lives , not survival . 
  the only place i see the nature comparison working is the survival of a politician 's career . 
  the difference is that it 's not bias when my team does it because we 're perceiving reality correctly . 
  the other team is wrong and bad . 
  it 's really not that simple . 
  the cost is higher for many reasons , and not all of them would be affected by having universal healthcare . 
  for example , our society is highly litigious and doctors have to carry expensive malpractice insurance . 
  our doctors are also paid more , and i bet that has an effect on quality , because you can attract more talent with higher wages . 
  then there is the issue of a lack of competition . 
  i 'm not sure what the rules are in europe , but many us states have artificial restrictions on the building of hospitals , which are theoretically supposed to reduce waste but in practice mean that there are fewer hospitals to choose from , giving each hospital greater leverage over insurance providers when negotiating prices . 
  on top of that there have been many major hospital consolidations in recent years that exacerbate the problem . 
  not to mention the artificial insurance monopolies ... ( do n't let anyone tell you the us is a free market ; we love the rhetoric but the reality gets worse every year ) we use more drugs and expensive medical equipment than many european countries . 
  our people also eat crappier food and have unhealthier lifestyles . 
  what is universal healthcare going to do to change that ? 
  ooh , nice riposte !, 
  we 've been working on equal rights and integration for centuries . 
  you being ignorant of the facts has no bearing on history .
