  it 's not comparable at all to the jews because the jews were n't attacking people . 
   and lastly , history has shown again and again that migration ca n't be prevented what ?!, 
  the only times migration was n't prevented throughout history was when it came in the form of a marauding horde , or was naively welcomed . 
  where there is a will , there is a way , but since you believe migration is inevitable , it becomes so . 
  mark my words . 
  when the terrorist attacks increase in frequency , people will blame the migrants as a group ( you can not tell an extremist from a moderate , so the only alternative to blaming them is to generalize them all as innocent ) , and you will see terrible things happen . 
  when they do , know that it was the act of bringing the danger in that created the backlash to it . 
  if you really cared about that then you would n't be in favor of inviting these people in and risking future terrorist attacks , which is exactly how a police state is justified . 
  the fear does n't exist in poland , so people would laugh at the idea that privacy invasions are necessary . 
  in the uk , it would be hard to say that they are n't . 
  isis is now using drones to great effect in syria . 
  just wait until you get drones dropping explosives or performing chemical attacks in the west . 
  it will only take one before people are clamoring for something to be done about it . 
  they literally tell us their plan and it still works . 
  well if terrorist attacks occur , and attitudes begin to harden towards those very same syrians , you will be in part responsible for it . 
  i ca n't believe germans are truly worried about racist neo nazis when they are this intent on creating them . 
  that time period also had no enlightened societies to stand as an example for others . 
  the west has done the hard work of figuring out how to be civilized , others need only adopt what was produced . 
   pardon my bluntness , but if we did that , we as a nation would have committed a second holocaust and would deserve partition . 
  jesus , you are fucking serious . 
  well that explains germany for me . 
  you are a hopeless case then . 
  no , romans invited the barbarians in as refugees . 
  if only you had a similar level of empathy for your fellow countrymen , and the future children who will have to grow up in a shittier world to appease your moral sensibilities . 
  if they had helped in a positive way , people would have been shocked and happy . 
  i remember how pro migrant / r/europe was in 2015 when the flood first began . 
  now things are different . 
  yep . 
  one of his promises was to return power to the states from the federal government . 
  he has started by [ neutering the bureau of land management ] ( https://westerncaucus.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/western-caucus-members-central-to-returning-land-use-decisions-to-states ) so that states once again are able to decide how best to use their own local lands . 
  he did the same thing with the [ antiquities act ] ( http://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/330664-trump-signs-order-to-end-egregious-abuse-of-federal-power-with ) , which lets any president claim land as a national monument and put it under federal control . 
  he needs to do a lot more before his time is over . 
  i would love to see the department of education , the epa , dhs , and nsa ( although that one will never happen for security reasons ) all terminated . 
  first he has to exhaust the whining of the democrats though . 
  americans do n't travel much . 
  are they going to shut down google too ? 
  technically , they host them as well . 
  the constitution is for citizens , not foreigners . 
  well that , and trump supporters do n't want a police state . 
  part of trump 's job will be to dismantle the surveillance network obama has setup . 
  jesus , that 's sad . 
  i 'm curious what the dispute was about , and the background of a person who escalates a situation like that into a killing spree . 
  the southern poverty law center considers a green frog from 4chan to be a symbol of hate so they might not be the best judge of these things ... 
  yeah it 's 6182 people , this time . 
  the flow into italy has n't stopped , so why would we assume that there wo n't be a new quota ? 
  i mean you can apply basic logic to figure out that if you accept this quota , it sets a precedent for the future where you are completely unable to control immigration policy for your country . 
  next time it will be , well you took 6,000 and it was n't that bad , was it ? 
  what 's 6,000 more for a country of your size ? 
  and so on and so on . 
  do you people have no capacity to think ahead ? 
  people there do n't want refugees , so they should not be forced to take them . 
  home born to immigrants from the middle east and africa ... 
  of course the religion you practice matters . 
  america and poland are both highly religious countries , and yet they fit in the modern world just fine . 
  it might help to keep the undesirable cultures out in the first place . 
  god that is so naive . 
  people integrate when there is pressure for them to do so . 
  it can happen in america where it is not common to wear the niqab , but it does n't happen when people are comfortable in their old ways . 
  culture is not something that ` seeps in ' if you do n't judge people . 
  it is an active thing that you have to participate in . 
  when there is no incentive to do that , like say , because you are surrounded by a community that thinks and acts like you , then people do n't integrate into the host culture . 
  i 'm not sure what he means either . 
  we have plenty of poor muslims here , including refugees . 
  the total number of muslims is smaller in america , and that 's probably the only difference i know of . 
  he kind of is the president , so i think he knows what he 's doing better than you do . 
  god , you really are a fan of that ` try and keep up ' phrase . 
  does that work well for you usually ? 
   again , for me gun law in the us is a chaotic mess overall where i 'd never be sure where exactly what kind of weapon is allowed in which form with what license . 
  if you grew up with that system and/or how states around you handle it differently it becomes a non-issue , even if it is sometimes overall vague and inconsistent . 
  i completely agree , actually . 
  the problem is that the states have decided to take what is clear constitutional law and override with their own local laws . 
  it 's technically not legal , but the courts would probably not argue in favor of the constitution . 
  it does n't make sense to me how a state like new jersey can require you to dismantle the weapon and keep it locked up while traveling , while it is not an issue in other states . 
  some states like california are well on their way to outlawing the second amendment with these arbitrary restrictions . 
   harassment or libel come to mind . 
  false statements of facts in front of courts , false allegations having no repercussions . 
  those are just the first things that come to mind where most nations ( including the us ) agree that they ca n't be unlimited . 
  if you 're genuinely thinking that completely unrestricted free speech is a good idea then it reminds me a bit of the good old `` communism is great , just no one ever tried it ! '', 
  - sure that might be true in some ideal theoretical society , but for now , with the humans we know and are we have never seen any nation implement such an idea . 
  libel laws have always been a tool of the powerful to control the weaker among us . 
  even so , our standard for libel is so high that it 's very difficult to win a case . 
  you have to prove that they knowingly published false information with malicious intent . 
  i do n't know how you can do that unless the person lying leaves documented evidence of it . 
  comparing free speech to communism is just bizarre . 
  you are literally comparing freedom to coercion , and suggesting that we should n't try the former because the latter was disastrous . 
  no one tried banning slavery until it was done , and now we all accept it as a good idea , right ? 
   that 's the view germany learned from the us and it seemed like the most logical approach . 
  they made a huge mistake then . 
  the constitution was not supposed to be a set of guidelines . 
  it has become that due to the reality that governments always hunger for more power than they start with . 
   now i 'm genuinely curious , maybe i overshot with my initial assumption : why do you think i 'm in favor of what you 'd refer to as hate-speech laws ? 
  i do n't know if you are or not , but it does seem that you do n't like me saying that they are objectively worse than what we have in the us . 
   i can understand us gun laws , the culture that goes along with it and come to the conclusion that simply saying `` ours would be better , even for you '' would be completely moronic , unrealistic in practice and arrogant as fuck because after all your society seems to work reasonably despite a difference here . 
  i never said it would be better for you . 
  i 'm just saying that i like our laws and culture better , which should be clear , otherwise i would be moving to germany . 
   in fact , i am polish and have family in europe that i can relate to better than people here in many cases , but america has the best laws . 
   in a nutshell i 'm emphasizing that i 'm fully aware of the subjectiveness of my view of what 's better and think that 's a courtesy that should extend to most things that are , if we 're really honest , rather small stuff in the overall picture . 
  i do n't think more or less freedom is subjective , or that freedom is a small thing . 
   as for hate speech laws it 's similar : ours are primarily based on looking at how countries like the us saw freedom of speech at the time , trying to understand the intent behind regulations and then working from there logically , with lessons learned from history in mind . 
  i 'm really fascinated by this .
