  when you try to leave , that very same army that you signed up to join will make sure that you do n't . 
  an eu military could also compel smaller nations within the union and prevent them from leaving . 
  it 's really all or nothing ; you have sovereignty and an actual country or you give up and form a new country called the eu . 
  that makes me wonder how you viewed america in the first place . 
  yes i agree . 
  i just mean comparing malmo to all of america is dumb . 
  i do love the comparisons to the us though lol . 
  we are telling you guys not to do what we did . 
  the reason people meme sweden as a nightmare and laugh at the refugee foolishness is because it seems like people do n't actually view it as a problem yet , and are being very defensive if you bring it up . 
  it is clustered in a few bad areas . 
  look at the size of our country . 
  chicago alone accounted for something like half of the murder increase . 
  that is one city . 
  and ethnically homogenous ? 
  a fourth of our population is made up of foreigners . 
  we are by far the most diverse country in the world , and that 's largely the reason for our problems . 
  america has taken more immigrants than any other country in the world . 
  i guess you are trying to catch up now ? 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  women are obviously smaller and weaker in general for clear biological reasons , and the smartest and dumbest gender category consists of men , as our [ iqs tend to lie on the extremes compared to the iq of women ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0160289606001115 ) , which clusters more around the average . 
  you may take offense at his crude phrasing but why ? 
   [ ** chicago is responsible for almost half of the increase in u.s. homicides ** ] ( http://time.com/4497814/chicago-murder-rate-u-s-crime/?iid=sr-link2 )  the report 's authors project a 31.5 % increase in murders nationwide from 2014 to 2016 , but again that spike is attributable to just three cities : baltimore , chicago , and houston . 
  still , the study cautions against notions of a nationwide crime wave , a claim routinely made by republican presidential candidate donald trump . 
   `` crime in 2016 and recent years remain at all-time lows and there is no evidence of a coming crime wave for this year , '' says inimai chettiar , the director of the brennan center 's justice program . 
   despite crime increases in a handful of cities , violence across the u.s. remains near 30-year lows . 
  the report found that a dozen cities , including san francisco , philadelphia , seattle , and washington d.c. , have seen crime dip in 2016 . 
  the situation is not good , but let 's not misrepresent things . 
   he also said that malm\u00f6 is very safe in comparison to america . 
  you mean chicago ? 
  america is not dangerous lol . 
   americans hate a shakedown . 
  oh hell yes . 
  this does n't even affect me one bit and i 'm already mad . 
  the fake news is not going to have an effect on his presidency . 
   do you consume to many alternative facts ? 
  frame what ? 
  the argument as a choice between letting in unvetted refugees or the death of millions of innocent people . 
  a child could do better . 
   do you have more than asking rethoric questions ? 
  how about an answer to that very question that you ask . 
  do you know the point of rhetorical questions ? 
  how about doing some thinking of your own and considering if there are any other options ? 
   no and yet the majority of people in germany seem to be ready to make sacrifices they do n't realize the depth of the sacrifice yet . 
  we 'll see how far their generosity extends when germany 's economic position is altered . 
   btw scarcity amongst citizens of the world is men made . 
  and to make it short : despite the bullshit you are getting from cnn ( or even worse : out of trumps sociopathic mouth ) , it actually seems like germany is dealing pretty well with the crisis . 
  how is germany dealing well with the crisis ? 
  they have invited over a million foreigners into their country , an act that will affect the country for decades to come , and done absolutely nothing to stem the migrant tide . 
  the great migration may have stopped for the moment , but what makes you think it will not pick up again ? 
  guess we should ban all news then . 
  you never know when someone might be traumatized or how many terrorist organizations they have supported with their coverage . 
   in other words , would any of you want to let millions starve to death at your borders , just to get rid of an unpleasant problem ? 
  is that truly the only alternative to letting them settle in your country ? 
   and what does it cost ? 
  1 % of our spendings for the military ? 
  or even 2 % ? 
  is the money the only cost to your society ? 
  germans can do whatever they wish in their own country , and i have no desire to lecture anyone , but it 's easy to see why you guys took the route that you did and then tried to force it upon your neighbors when you frame things this way . 
  it makes it seem as though you have no choice and anyone who disagrees must be a cold-hearted monster . 
  germany is indeed very wealthy as a result of the current global order , however , times change and we should always keep our eyes pointed towards the future and what new circumstances may be hurtling their way towards us . 
  there is another concept in nature that we call ` scarcity ' which germans might become more familiar with in the future , even if they can not recognize it in the present . 
  you mean the softbank plan that would n't have occurred if trump was n't elected ? 
  that ` existing deal ' was one that he negotiated . 
  it 's not rebranding to say that sprint announces x number of jobs since softbank already announced investment , because it 's making clear the result of that investment . 
  you 're acting like trump is getting too much credit for something that he actually did lol . 
  and anyway , the softbank deal was n't the only japanese investment i was talking about . 
  there 's also the investment from gpif in us infrastructure . 
  that one has a lot to do with abe . 
  source ? 
  he 's doing fine with japan . 
  things have changed significantly since he campaigned . 
  notably , we are seeing a huge amount of japanese investment being announced at the same time . 
   they are n't !, 
  take mexico as an example . 
  nafta has lowered trade barriers for both countries , yet they maintain a 16 % vat tax that gets refunded if products are going into the united states . 
  that translates into a 16 % tax on all goods going from america into mexico , but zero special tax on mexican products going into america . 
  this is fully under the mexican government 's control , so why are they doing it if it 's so bad for them ? 
   if your concern is that there is a lot of low-skill labor out there and you want to subsidize low-skill workers in the us , because you want 'em to have a higher standard of living than the market rate for their labor warrants , there 's a simple way to do that -- just subsidize 'em . 
  say `` if you have less than x amount of education '' or `` if you make less than y per year '' , `` here 's some money '' . 
  that can be sustained in the long term . 
  it may-or-may-not be a good idea -- it 's got costs to it -- but at least it works . 
  no of course not . 
  why would you want to subsidize labor like that ? 
   you ca n't create a persistent surplus . 
  if you try to block a country from importing things temporarily , they will continue to export for a while , at least until their products become too expensive for exports to be viable . 
  what your long-term effect is is to force people out of export industries and into less-efficient industries to serve the domestic market . 
  i think i see where you are coming from , but correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  your idea is that if america blocked imports from say , mexico , then naturally , we would be blocking those products that are produced more efficiently than we can do ourselves ( which is why they are imported to begin with ) and we would need to replace them with our own domestic goods that are not competitive on the world stage , leading to a nonviable export market . 
  great point , except blocking imports is not the only way to get a surplus ...  you ca n't create a persistent surplus . 
  germany has had a surplus since 1994 , which seems pretty persistent to me . 
  what you are missing are taxes and currency devaluations . 
  you do n't need to block imports at all if you just make your products artificially cheaper than the competition . 
  germany already has an efficient industry so the effect for them is just to put their stuff over the top compared to american auto manufacturers . 
  how does a surplus hurt germany ? 
  there is the obvious fact that a surplus means you are producing far more than you are consuming , so germans are n't taking as much from the world as americans . 
  on the other hand , they have better job security . 
  of course , it 's ideal for the average person to have more balanced trade , but if forced to pick between a consistent surplus and a consistent deficit , i would be more comfortable with the former . 
  i mean really , if you exercise basic logic , you can see how what you 're saying does n't make sense . 
  say that you are right , and we accept the premise that a trade surplus is really bad and no country in their right mind would want it . 
  ok , how is it possible that america is constantly running a deficit then ?
