  once you take the 7,000 , what rational justification would you have for not taking more ? 
  the argument would be , * see ? 
  7,000 was n't so bad !, 
  italy 's still suffering though , so we 're going to need you to take 7,000 more , ok ? 
  * the rational thing to do would be demand that the border be secured before you even begin to discuss what to do with the refugees already inside . 
  in this case , it is not a conspiracy theory . 
  he finds radical groups like blm to inflame racial tensions in the us . 
  in america , he paid wages and transportation costs for rioters during the 2016 election campaign ( chicago riot ) . 
  he did the same to bus protestors to north carolina and other places to break shit and destroy businesses . 
  the guy is a wealthy scumbag who stirs up trouble and is seemingly immune to any sort of accountability for his actions . 
  i do n't shit my pants but seeing his name does infuriate me ... 
  they do n't have to keep drowning , just stop rewarding them for making it across and they will stop coming . 
  because they find the parties which agree with them on immigration to be distasteful , and are probably voting on other issues as more important . 
  `` illegally importing '' means that the politicians allow it . 
  if the border controls were stricter , no one would waste the effort trying . 
  it 's not happening simply because africans wish to come . 
  are you one of those really race obsessed people ? 
  actually , that explains a lot . 
  now i see why you thought i meant crime . 
  or maybe it 's a european thing related to the nazis . 
  you realize you are talking about one of the most diverse countries in the world right ? 
  it 's a bit late for a white-only nation here lol . 
  most people , yourself included i guess , do n't really consider how immigration affects their country . 
  i 'm not a single issue voter . 
  i am someone who realizes that a country is nothing more than the people who live within its borders . 
  clearly their beliefs and traditions are more important than any little political debate , because it is the former which determines the results of the latter ... 
  if you decide to think beyond the simple left v. right world of politics , you 'll understand what i mean . 
  i 'm in my late twenties . 
  do you think immigration only affects crime ? 
  it does n't affect your economy , health care , education , taxation , etc ? 
  use some common sense instead of regurgitating your typical talking points about breitbart . 
  you 've proven your superiority . 
  i will immediately begin to enrich myself with more diversity . 
  ca n't imagine . 
  why do you think i 'm talking about crime ? 
  immigration is the only issue that matters because your culture determines everything . 
  the pendulum will swing from right to left in small degrees , but nothing will affect your society more than the question of who you allow in and how many . 
  for example : https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/02/11/california-sanctuary-state-bill/97786476/ https://nypost.com/2017/06/29/undocumented-immigrant-might-get-190k-for-being-wrongfully-detained/, 
  so gracious . 
   they can want many things , but federal power is difficult to turn back . 
  you cited an example involving the constitution . 
  yeah of course they ca n't override the document that makes our nation a country , but that still leaves a lot of room to decide policy . 
  personally , i do n't believe the state should be involved in marriage at all , but since it chooses to be , discrimination becomes an important concern . 
   states can not make legislation against citizens united either , for them to overturn that horrible scotus decision , they 'd have to amend the federal constitution , nothing they can do on a state level . 
  the us is a lost cause unless the democrats start winning massive landslides soon , which is unlikely . 
  citizens united , as much as some people do n't like to hear it , is a free speech issue . 
  people should be able to spend money to support messages that they agree with . 
  you might think this would lead to corporations ruling everything through advertising , but look at how much that mattered in 2016 . 
  hillary outspent trump by how much and still lost ? 
  so clearly money is not everything if people do n't agree with your message . 
  our constitution outlines fundamental rights . 
  it does n't determine anything like healthcare or how you should handle roads . 
  if you want absolute sovereignty , well you are n't going to get that with the eu . 
  any further integration and you will have your own constitution . 
  edit : quickest downvote ever lol . 
  if you mean the ` gay conversion therapy ' thing , that is just fake news . 
  he thinks homosexuality facilitates the spread of hiv and wants funding directed [ `` toward those institutions which provide assistance to those seeking to change their sexual behavior . 
  '' ] ( http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/newsom-is-wrong-pence-never-advocated-subsidizing-gay-conversion-therapy/article/2597979 ) he 's mistaken , but i have n't seen anything indicating that he wants to harm gays or limit their rights . 
   so , i , having made clear i was not talking about politics , why the fuck would i think that he was responding to me about politics . 
  he was suggesting that you might have a political bias . 
  you even acknowledged this by asking `` against republicans '' ? 
   and the fucking word `` tribe '' in greek actually means race . 
  which else connection would i make ? 
  well we are speaking english ...  but i have to explain myself to people who do n't bother reading a fucking 50 word comment before calling the other person racist . 
  did n't call you a racist . 
  you can be obsessed with race and in fact not be racist . 
  is this the `` russian agent '' meme ? 
  well , the difference in their race was the first thing to come to your mind ... for me , i immediately thought he meant politics , as in , political tribe . 
   look at trump , he 's in bed with some of the most despicable fundamentalists the west has to offer . 
  you 're just being a bigot . 
  trump supporters have many of the same values , in fact , many are lgbt who are concerned about radical islam . 
  what if they 're not ` full retards ' ? 
  it amazes me that europeans are willing to vote for people like macron because le pen is so horrible , when the key issue is clearly immigration . 
  you can always argue about the other stuff later , but immigration changes you permanently . 
  sounds like you are agreeing with him . 
   the president of the us is calling us citizens enemies and traitors for opposing him . 
  lol, 
   and the worse thing , there is no turning back on federalization either , they 're bound by the constitution , so they 'll have to keep paying their federal taxes and submit to the federal rules that 's nonsense . 
  we are becoming more federalized but there is nothing preventing decentralization . 
  if anything , i would say it is bound to happen at some point due to the culture split . 
  just look at the number of states who oppose trump or want to do their own thing . 
  should have just opened the gates and gotten it over with - / r/europe, 
  especially when they want to bash someone . 
  educate him in what ? 
  european snobbery ? 
  he is asking for consistency . 
  oh yeah , i agree with that . 
  yeah i do n't believe there 's any value in general sanctions . 
  they just hurt people at the bottom for no reason . 
   but i also do n't think we should expend energy keeping them in power , because that also will lead to more trouble in the long run . 
  well ok , but what does that mean exactly ? 
  if egypt has an issue with terrorists within its borders and we have intelligence that could help stop them , should we withhold it because we do n't want to expend energy keeping the dictatorship stable ? 
  we clearly should n't directly financially support a dictator , but some kind of diplomacy and cooperation will be necessary . 
  even with the really bad ones like kim jong-un . 
  yeah i get it , you hate trump . 
  good for you . 
   you seem to critique interventionism that ousts `` bad '' dictators , only to encourage it when it keeps `` good '' , or functional , dictators in power . 
  that 's not how i read it at all . 
  he 's saying it 's better to have a stable dictator than a bloody revolution . 
  in other words , do n't mess with the status quo when you know you are likely to make things worse .
