  it has been paralyzed by its moral code . 
  yes , it 's important to point to europe 's dark past in order to defend muslims when they are acting crazy today . 
  we 'd be happy to execute them . 
  they are terrorists . 
  they have committed numerous crimes . 
  what 's wrong with discrimination ? 
  i mean , are n't you discriminating when you say you do n't want terrorists to come into your country ? 
  that 's either the most subtle trolling i 've ever seen , or he 's an idiot lefty . 
  let 's apply occam 's razor . 
  i think i know where i 'm posting , thanks . 
  i expect obama 's iran deal to go exactly the same way as clinton 's north korea deal unless trump manages to stop it . 
  really ? 
  tell me how this deal is supposed to work out better than the one we had with north korea , the country which is threatening to nuke us now and which we might be going to war with soon . 
  these ` deals ' are ridiculously stupid . 
  the word of these people means nothing . 
  it 's not misleading , the finiteness gives these coins their value . 
  having multiple coins does n't hurt that because the only reason the others could achieve a similar popularity ( and thus value ) would be if they were better in some way . 
  for an example in another area , anyone can create a social network , but do you think facebook is going to be unseated anytime soon ? 
  that 's what i said . 
  the difference is that to you this is a bad thing , and to me it is benign . 
  well he is complaining about reducing food safety , when the chlorine part is to ensure that safety . 
  it does n't make any sense to mention it unless you think they are contaminating the chicken with chemicals . 
  i 'm a polish citizen also , and i 've lived in europe . 
  i use the us flair because this is where i live now . 
  i get the historical significance , but seriously , if poland was going to invade then leaking their plans in the new passport design was n't the best move . 
  i see it as noting the history and meaning of those cities . 
  if other people want to interpret it as nefarious , they can , but until there is some actual bad action taken it seems like a strange thing to do . 
  not kidding . 
  we do n't have anything remotely close to a free market . 
  the closest is maybe software , but our legislature is hard at work on that problem . 
  i 've lived in europe and i have n't noticed a difference . 
  i do n't eat it often enough maybe . 
  why does it matter ? 
  they are historical pictures in a passport . 
  wake me when poland invades to take the cities back . 
  that does n't mean the meat is poor quality , it means the conditions the chickens are raised in are poor . 
  what practical effects does that have on the meat ? 
  i do n't know , but people who are unaware do n't seem to mind . 
  personally , i am against it due to the cruelty of the behavior . 
  poland 's growth is not reliant on eu funds if that 's what you mean . 
  it 's the market access restrictions that would be devastating to both sides . 
  ally with turkey ? 
  do you know what you mean when you say chlorinated chicken ? 
  it 's a solution diluted by water . 
  the practice of some chicken raising here is deplorable , but chlorine is not the issue . 
  we do n't have a free market in the us , silly . 
   very few industrialized countries are enslaving their black population to the same extend the us does rofl, 
  there is no debate going on here , just you sharing your irrelevant opinion . 
  i mean seriously , you sound delusional . 
  name a country where blacks are better off than the us , one country where they have more wealth , more freedom , etc. 
  it does n't exist . 
  if they are treated so badly here , why would they choose to stay ? 
  they have an american citizenship . 
  one plane ticket , and they could go wherever they wanted . 
  they would certainly be of value in africa , being native english speakers . 
  why not go there ? 
  they would n't be facing racial discrimination where they are part of the majority , right ? 
  yes tell me more about what it is like to live in my own country . 
  the rhetoric does n't match the reality . 
  the state has become more heavily involved in almost every industry with each passing year . 
  conservatives here are upset with the right-wing party because they act exactly like the left , just with different corporations . 
  look at the recent obamacare repeal failure , a law which was written by republicans to start with mind you , for an example . 
  everyone realizes now that they do n't want a free market in healthcare either . 
  haha . 
  yeah , we 're a regular dictatorship over here . 
  but many were going backwards on that goal . 
  better to fix that sooner than later . 
  deportation of illegals from the interior of the us went down under obama . 
  [ he just changed the definition ] ( http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-obama-deportations-20140402-story.html ) to include those turned away at the border to boost his numbers and make him look tough on illegals . 
  you are right though , he did n't get the kind of criticism from the left wing that trump is getting now . 
  very few people are willing to murder others . 
  the ones that do have justification for their killings . 
   and strong enough that we do n't fret endlessly about this i ca n't believe you typed this . 
  race is the single biggest political issue in america . 
  it is hyped all the time , with history that ended a long time ago brought up as relevant to modern people . 
  it is in fact the exact opposite of what you are describing here . 
   if the usa did not start as a melting pot , what exactly was it in the beginning ? 
  an country with an extremely selective immigration policy . 
  do n't just accept my words , by all means , go look at the quotas that were instituted and the typical requirements for immigrants and how those things changed over the years , culminating in the current free-for-all whimsical lottery program that we have today . 
   it needed an identity not rooted in blood , and it found it in the form of america 's love of liberty , which people of any race can cherish . 
  which is rapidly disappearing at this point . 
  what a shock it is that when you import people from third world countries that are used to government control and subsidy , they will support the policies that they used to support back home . 
  what i really ca n't stand is the naive attitude people like you have , where you think you can just bring anyone from anywhere like their culture does n't matter and expect them to adopt our values like they are inherently superior . 
  it 's just so unbelievably arrogant . 
  do you think everyone who comes in cares about american freedom ? 
  or do you believe that they will be so amazed by the principles in this country that they ca n't help but adopt them ? 
  i wonder if you have considered that maybe people are coming because this is a wealthy country and they want to benefit from that . 
  i do n't think that 's true of all nations . 
  here in america , we go over all atrocities , starting with what was done to indians . 
  in fact , we go overboard and actually fail to acknowledge that indians were just as aggressive ; they are portrayed almost like some passive hippy culture that we murdered for fun , when in reality the various tribes were at war with themselves when they were not warring with colonials . 
  i do n't either . 
  canada is full of that propaganda . 
  we 're going that way as well , with people talking about how we have been this wonderful immigrant melting pot since the beginning , betraying a complete ignorance of history . 
  why the hell would diversity be something to be ` proud of ' btw ? 
  does it make you feel virtuous knowing that you live among asians and africans ? 
  do you think people in our countries have somehow transcended beyond tribalism ? 
  you may feel that you have done that personally , but there are many who do not , a great number of whom will happily revert back to that mode of thought at the slightest sign of social instability . 
  how do africans count ? 
  they were considered property at the time , not citizens . 
  the chinese were pretty much the same back then .
