  they 're not profitable in germany . 
  you pay taxes to sustain them . 
  courts and police can always act in contradiction to the law , that 's not the same thing as burning bibles actually being illegal , which is why you see :  dan pochoda , legal director for the american civil liberties union of arizona , said the arrest raises questions as to whether minerault 's first amendment freedom of speech rights were violated . 
  it 's definitely not a common or accepted thing like in europe . 
   google , amazon and so on are doing the same . 
  tax evasion at all cost . 
  i would not criticize you for going after them . 
  personally , i dislike these large internet companies precisely because i feel like they get away with far too much . 
  amazon as an example pays zero property tax on their warehouses by negotiating with a state to provide the jobs there . 
  how exactly is a retail store supposed to compete with that ? 
  that 's on top of having no sales tax ( which they are currently trying to negotiate to keep low ) . 
  it 's a very unfair advantage , and i 'm someone who dislikes taxes in general . 
  you mentioned apple earlier . 
  i do n't like them outsourcing manufacturing to china either . 
  we have much higher environmental standards in the us , and labor cost is a very small part of the overall cost of the iphone . 
  on such a premium device , the price increase would be negligible ; on the scale of maybe $ 10 or $ 20 . 
  both companies have ghastly work conditions for their low paid workers . 
   cheap labor is btw also available in the the eu . 
  we have a lot of cheep labor countries . 
  all kinds of producers are making use of this yes of course . 
  i know france is bitching about companies going to poland for that reason . 
   so if this is done everywhere in the world , and abused by the us just as heavily as by everyone else : not sure why they bitch !, 
  :p first of all , i 'm not bitching about companies wanting to use cheap labor . 
  i think that 's just plain smart . 
  what i do not like is that they want to have their cake and eat it too by being able to have full access to the us market as if they were physically here , while also using the cheap labor of another country , due to paying off politicians who write the laws governing trade !, 
  i can not easily force competition among employers by shopping around in various countries for who will pay me the most . 
  you seem to be viewing this as a us vs germany situation , where for me it is more like consumer vs corporation , where corporations are abusing laws to grant themselves privileges that we common folk can not hope to obtain . 
  i do n't give a fuck if the eu charges american companies abusing their laws . 
  that will keep them honest and prevent the global domination that they would like to have . 
  a relevant hypothetical would be if companies in the eu had zero tariffs between countries and could setup shop and sell anywhere for exactly the same cost , but you did not have free movement or the ability to work in any country . 
  that is not the case , but it would be extremely unfair if it was . 
  what would n't be possible ? 
  it 's already illegal for us states to enter into agreements with foreign countries . 
  it 's fine . 
  this does n't really mean anything as it 's not legal for a us state to negotiate any kind of formal agreement with a nation . 
  this is very interesting . 
  so if you have n't seen it , [ merkel is in mexico trying to promote nafta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hauow3abjrc ) . 
  why is she doing that when your country is not even party to the agreement ? 
  it 's because nafta is the only reason bmw is in mexico . 
  they want to take advantage of cheaper workers while simultaneously paying nothing to send product into the us . 
  i do n't fault them for that at all , it 's good business sense , but really , it is another example of nafta completely screwing over the us . 
  ( the average us citizen , not the wealthy business owners ) when trump talks about imposing tariffs on bmw , it 's to counter this practice . 
  we really need to renegotiate or remove nafta in the long term . 
  i guarantee you that if mexico was not an option , bmw would do just fine in the us . 
  the workers might cost more , but it would not hurt the company much . 
  ( there would be no tariffs if they built and sold in the us ), 
   i think there was a small misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not talking about waves in the future . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that they 're already here . 
  there are barely any new ones at the moment . 
  so it looks not so bad . 
  nonetheless are the ones already in the country expensive . 
  no it was my mistake , i 'm conflating the two a bit because they are related and i did n't do a good job of explaining it . 
  you make it sound like this was a one time thing with one group that you need to find a way to deal with , which explains why many germans seem to be upset that other countries do n't want to share the burden by taking some of the refugees . 
  you perhaps view it like a hole that needs to be dug to finish a job , and are annoyed that no one else wants to pick up a shovel . 
  others wonder when the digging will stop , because they do n't understand the scope of the project . 
  or more accurately , they do understand but do n't agree with it . 
  there is a constant flow of these migrants into italy , it 's not just the huge amount that came in 2015 . 
  what i meant is that there was a principle involved in accepting these people , and this principle will remain no matter what happens to this group . 
  when you accept ten people as refugees , why not eleven ? 
  combine that with the certain population growth of africa , and the near certainty that they will remain worse off than europe for quite a long time , and it 's hard to see why you would n't just end up taking more during the next crisis . 
  i know this is supposed to be about syria , but half of them were n't syrian and there is no way your country is sending them all back because there are just too many . 
  there will be a new excuse for this to happen again . 
   i know . 
  just like don quichotte i bet !, 
    my job is programming of automated machines . 
  awesome . 
   and this machines get faster and faster . 
  in the future there will be even less of them i think this is a great thing that is hugely misunderstood by people . 
  humans should not be doing the routine , boring jobs that machines can do . 
  it is such a waste of humanity to put us where we are unnecessary . 
  humans should be involved in human problems . 
  i know that not everyone can be a software engineer , but certainly wherever you need to translate a human idea into a product or explain to or manage people , we are the best ones to do that . 
  ai will never have initiative or creativity as we understand it , because any program must first be written and designed by humans . 
  ( or if self-programming , the constraints are written by people )  i hope it will be a more diplomatic option next time . 
  i think merkel is very open to constructive talks , especially after all this fuckery in the last weeks . 
  i think she would be relieved to see a sign of rational behavior . 
  :p trump does n't want to be ineffective , so he is unpredictable in that sense . 
  he may very well do that , but the countervailing force is that he will not let things stand as they have been . 
  i think either both leaders will have to make sacrifices , or there will be a deadlock . 
   there is recently a lot of fear in poland about putin and his sabre rattling at their borders . 
  i think they 'd welcome any kind of additional firepower right now . 
  we will see . 
  no you are right , but that 's where our close relationship comes into play . 
  poland has relied on the us as the bulk of nato for defense , and we are rewarding that now by sending 4,000 soldiers into the country , and i believe we are also moving operations from germany to poland . 
  if trump uses any kind of strategy here , it will be to play one part of the eu against the other . 
  he is due to visit poland soon before the g20 , and i expect we will see some of that there . 
   it was nice to talk about all of this . 
  i 'm still not so sure if he is a rational and pragmatic as you want him to be . 
  but maybe he will be surprising us all . 
  i have to say , the last days looked much better from our perspective . 
  so maybe there is hope . 
   thanks for all your effort . 
  this was more fun than the usual arguing , and i 'm pleasantly surprised . 
   i will tell you that i did not think much of him before he ran for president . 
  i thought he was kind of a silly guy with an obsession for the typical artificial nonsense that many wealthy people are into ( gold plated toilet seats come to mind ) . 
  i only came to respect him during the campaign when i saw how he handled himself during the debates and with the media . 
  he was not afraid to go against the norms . 
  when asked if he would swear to support the eventual republican party nominee , he was the only one to say that he might not . 
  i could n't believe it !,
