  people with mental health problems rarely get access to guns legally . 
  on the other hand , an island is easier to control than most places . 
  as long as you do n't mind being defenseless , i guess it works . 
  i dunno , it just seems to be more logical to work on the actual problem instead of banning a symptom , especially when your ban prevents people from defending themselves . 
  imagine if you just did n't import muslims to cause terror attacks in your country . 
  or imagine if someone shot the terrorist instead of helplessly throwing bottles at them while they stab people repeatedly with 12-inch knives . 
  hearing about that girl crying ` help me , help me ' as she was being gutted , while passerbys could do literally nothing , was one of the saddest things i 've heard about in a long time . 
  if you notice , there is a lot of hatred expressed , and a demand that you provide logic and facts to back up your opinion for why he is a good president , yet everyone here simply bashes him . 
  there is not a single logical criticism of him in this whole thread . 
  anyway , as an american , i appreciate the support for our president . 
  he is doing a great job despite the media-trained opposition . 
  maybe work on the mental health problem instead ? 
  you mean corporatist . 
  and yes , they are both corporatist and liberal . 
  yeah right . 
  have you ever been in the us ? 
  there is no racial solidarity among whites . 
  the building on the left is my favorite , such a beautiful design . 
  here are [ two ] ( http://u.cubeupload.com/cynicist/img20170327121951.jpg ) [ closer ] ( http://u.cubeupload.com/cynicist/img201703271138322.jpg ) pictures of it . 
  while it is true that apprehensions have been declining over a longer period , [ they surged massively in 2016 ] ( https://www.texastribune.org/2016/10/17/after-lull-2015-border-apprehensions-spiked-2016/ ) . 
  [ more than half are not . 
  ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/most-fleeing-to-europe-are-not-refugees-eu-official-says-1.2511133 ), 
  force and influence does n't have to mean occupying libya . 
  you 're building a strawman . 
  even [ left-leaning publications admit it ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/04/11/president-trumps-claim-that-illegal-immigration-is-down-64-percent-because-of-his-administration/ ) . 
  the us and europe are in similar circumstances with regards to illegal immigration . 
  i 'm not sure how you think a different physical location changes that . 
  not allowing your country to be flooded with migrants is not the same as denying help to refugees ... 
   they are also convinced that if poland were to take in the ... 6000 or so ? 
  refugees that it was supposed to , poland would automatically become a third world failed state within years . 
  why would it stop at 6,000 ? 
   curiously enough , they have absolutely no opinion about the tons of ukrainians what 's curious about that ? 
  ukrainians are n't forming rape gangs or running people over with vans . 
  why do people like you always frame it as taking refugees or murdering them ? 
  is that the only way you can justify your position ? 
  you still believe they are coming for shelter ? 
  why do you think this was n't a problem earlier ? 
  the libyan government was paid off to prevent it . 
   you can integrate them , so they become part of society . 
  that remains to be proven . 
   you can send them back , but it wo n't stop people from coming , so it 's sisyphus and his rock . 
  trump was elected in the us and all he has done so far is enforce existing immigration law , which resulted in a massive decrease in illegal immigration . 
  no wall , just a tough response . 
  that 's hard to achieve with a defeatist attitude . 
  a ridiculous argument , given the education required to participate in the european labor market and increasing automation occurring . 
  how many eu nations have huge unemployment for their youth ? 
  and those are natives that know the language and culture . 
  refugees that come to europe to live off welfare are not going to be supporting european social institutions with their productivity . 
  if they could do that , they would n't be leaving the shit hole states that they came from . 
  the truth is that these migrants are here to create division and hostility in the nations that house them , form their own voting block that politicians can appeal to , and dilute homogeneity to the point that an eu nation state can be created from the broken remains of once unified and connected peoples . 
  you could say making fun of handicapped people is evocative of the same sort of hostility as the eugenics program hitler used , therefore any speech resembling an attack on the disabled is indirectly promoting violence . 
  it just takes a small amount of creativity to link anything to hitler , and turn it into ` indirect violence ' . 
  you could use that to call any speech violent . 
  i 'm in favor of them going to jail , but do n't forget that you would n't have any exposure to that if your banks were n't participating in the game also . 
  oh , are you one of those people who believes trump was appointed by putin ? 
  i see people saying this often but i 'm not sure what difference it makes . 
  she approved the behavior of illegally entering europe 's borders . 
  what does it matter if it was before or after they arrived ? 
  no it 's germany . 
  those migrants do n't want to stay in italy or greece . 
  we take refugees too though . 
  it 's really the fact that the overall population size is small that is saving us . 
  why would you believe that ? 
  many people thought that us surveillance was similarly targeted . 
  i always assumed it was a broad sweep because once you have the technology to do that then there can be a lot to gain from using it that way . 
  i assume that principle holds true in italy . 
  rule 34 in full effect . 
   till western powers decided to overthrow those governments and destroy those countries , giving power to radicals . 
  i agree . 
  the impulse was always there , it was merely repressed by brutal dictators . 
   palestine is n't just about the religion , actually some of the groups that committed attacks in the west were atheists and sometimes you even had japanese communists groups attacking on behalf of them , that 's a dodge . 
  why are palestinians in that particular region in the first place ? 
   yeah , there 's been a surge since isis outbreak in mid 2014 and specially as they began losing cities but that does n't change the fact terrorists , of all kind , were way more active decades ago . 
  i 'm not talking about terrorism of all kinds . 
  i mean specifically islamic terrorism in europe . 
  if there is a pattern and it 's not just one guy who did it , then obviously i 'd say there was a problem . 
  we do n't even have to debate that though , because your theoretical does not occur in real life . 
   islam is used as a recruiting tool , a common thread , yes , but not the direct cause . 
  without recruiters radicalizing them , they likely would n't have done shit . 
  and without islam , they also likely would n't have done shit . 
  i do n't know what you mean by direct cause ... do you think that i believe being a muslim makes someone prone to sudden outbreaks of stabbiness ? 
  of course there are other factors involved , what i 'm saying is that islam is a critical part of the problem because it provides the justifications for these attacks . 
   islam has existed for centuries , yet did you hear about such jihadis attacks 50 years ago ? 
  we did n't have the same rapid communication networks 50 years ago . 
  it 's no surprise to me that we hear more about them today . 
   not really , most attacks coming from muslims were because of palestine or independence wars , not really related to their religion . 
  palestine is not related to their religion ? 
  why do you think they care about that area ? 
  ` independence wars ' is pretty generic , but often those conflicts are motivated by differences of opinion about religion . 
  do you know why ? 
  because there is no separation between religion and governance in that area like there is in the west . 
  they are the same thing . 
   and if they only wanted to kill those who do n't submit to allah then they wouldnt be killing other muslims , just look at what they did in mosul recently . 
  of course they wish to kill those that are n't faithful enough , or practicing the right way . 
  that only makes the problem worse because even converting does n't guarantee that you wo n't be attacked . 
   by the way , we do n't get more attacks now in the west , that is totally false , check your sources . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/16/world/global-terrorism-report/index.html https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/16/upshot/is-terrorism-getting-worse-in-the-west-yes-in-the-world-no.html http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/03/28/bloody-tide-terror-deaths-increased-8-fold-since-2010-says-study.html, 
  those came from turkey when it was more secular . 
  how are you going to compare them to the ones coming now ? 
   it 's interesting how europe did n't really have these attacks in the 60s , 70s , and 80s in particular it 's not surprising though .
