  are you just moralizing ? 
  * looks at libya * i ca n't say that the french are in any position to do so ...  i also forgot about the general state of scientific education in the us for a second . 
  seeing as you 're an anti-vaccer there 's really no point to this , is there ? 
  see , this is the problem . 
  you just make up things about people and attack your strawman like a rabid dog . 
  where are you getting that i am against vaccines from ? 
   funny thing , the whole `` it was a joke '' thing falls flat with what you said in the previous sentence and with what trump 's doing now . 
  i do n't see how . 
  trump himself said it was a joke about how china benefits from our obsession with climate regulations . 
  seemed like it would be obvious to me but some people think billionaires can be retarded for some reason . 
   sort of hard to say you 're all for the truth when the trump administration is censoring and de funding the american census bureau , the epa and the center for disease control . 
  i 'm not convinced that an epa is even necessary , especially when they do things like poison rivers in colorado , but what does cutting funding to these agencies have to do with the truth ? 
  he is trying to keep a deficit neutral budget . 
  are you saying these funding cuts will result in these agencies not being able to put out information ? 
   edit : not going to comment on your debunked `` he did n't say that '' argument you had ? 
  it 's really the narcissists mantra with him . 
  it 's did n't happen , or it was n't serious , and i 'm guessing next one is going to be that it 's our fault ? 
  right , because you have no sources . 
  well he campaigned on less interventionism , which is something that we get a lot of criticism for . 
  i think it 's irrelevant . 
  if we were deciding directly by the number of votes then both would have campaigned differently and who knows what the outcome would have been . 
   because the qu ` ran supports a wide range of values , often contradictory ones , like any religious text . 
  that means there 's an incredible potential for ideological diversity within islam , the fact that most muslims have n't even read the qu ` ran just increases this diversity . 
    it does n't really make sense to say there 's a problem with ` islam , ' because islam is a huge umbrella term for all this ideological diversity . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  what matters is what the followers believe and do , not what their book says . 
   it makes sense to criticise the specific values we all find abhorrent rather than criticise this umbrella , that represents so many differenct things now and has represented even more over the years . 
  how does this translate into practical action ? 
  yes , condemn terrorism or bigotry against gays , but then what ? 
  how do you prevent people from bringing those values into your culture ? 
  let 's say you choose a particular sect of islam that is worse or better than the others ; well logically , people within those sects will also adhere to their values to a lesser or greater degree . 
  so how do you ensure that people you are allowing to immigrate share your values ? 
   one could argue that there 's no difference between criticising the umbrella of islam and the specific negative values that are believed by a number of muslims , but even if that was true in practice there are negative consequences in criticising the umbrella . 
  if you imagine muslims on a spectrum of integrated to radical , i think that any alienation of muslims in general is going to shift the whole spectrum towards radical , and that 's exactly what isis wants , whereas criticising the specific negative values is n't going to alienate the integrated muslims at all because they also abhor the negative values . 
  sorry , but this is both retarded and insulting to muslims . 
  so if i criticize islam , that is going to alienate muslims and make them more radical ? 
  do you really believe that they are that primitive and violent , that i need to worry about offending them because that might prime them to become terrorists ? 
  please look at your statement in the context of christianity and tell me it does n't sound ridiculous , especially given how our culture treats that religion :  one could argue that there 's no difference between criticising the umbrella of christianity and the specific negative values that are believed by a number of christians , but even if that was true in practice there are negative consequences in criticising the umbrella . 
  if you imagine christians on a spectrum of integrated to radical , i think that any alienation of christians in general is going to shift the whole spectrum towards radical ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  i do believe we need a slowdown on unskilled islamic immigration because of integration issues , but we take in refugees for humanitarian purposes , and it 's certainly possible to take in refugees whilst reducing the overall number of muslims coming to the west . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i mean , are n't the refugees also going to have the same integration issues ? 
  how does it make any sense to bring them into a western country where they will experience alienation ( you said this was bad ) , and an incompatible language and culture , when we can just help them in a neighboring country for something like 10x less money ? 
  you could help 10x more for the same budget . 
  so no , what we 're doing is not humanitarian , it 's just feel-good selfish bullshit for people who would rather see themselves as virtuous than actually act that way . 
  anyone who spends a few minutes thinking about the consequences of this immigration realizes how dumb the whole enterprise is , but since it 's not their money being spent or their neighborhoods that the refugees will be living in , who cares right ? 
  he did get consent . 
  he won the contest . 
   oho , enter the american . 
  oho , and here 's the frenchy . 
   he 's all for torture and i made sure to get a trusted source . 
  he 's for waterboarding if it gets information from terrorists . 
  his secdef said that it does n't , so trump is going with his expertise and not pushing it further . 
  so unreasonable , amirite ? 
   he 's also against vaccination and environmentalism and all that more made up nonsense . 
  you people ca n't help yourselves , can you ? 
   or this , because this piece of stupidity has to be remembered : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/265895292191248385?lang=en a joke that went way over your head ...  that 's really the arrogance of it , `` no one can really hate trump or his supporters , nothing bad could be linked to him , every protester must be paid '' right ? 
  inability to believe there is any valid criticism is delusional . 
  there is plenty of valid criticism for trump . 
  i 'd love to talk about it but everyone seems to want to focus on the fake stuff , or just cast aspersions . 
  how likely is that to happen though ? 
  it 's been happening for decades now though . 
  people are only just noticing that it is an issue . 
  by the time europeans want to actually do something about it , it will absolutely be too late . 
  ( western europeans anyway , eastern europeans seem to have avoided the same fate ), 
  not white . 
  they can be , but many are mestizo or black as well . 
  non-hispanic whites are now 60 % of the population in the us . 
  no matter how you look at it , demographics have changed significantly since the change to our immigration system . 
  except europe is bringing in migrants from those regions where they do have high birthrates . 
  i do n't see any native germans or swedes being imported , so the outcome seems clear ... 
  from european taxpayers , of course . 
  why do you think it 's semantics , and not a general problem with islam ? 
  polls from pew and other organizations show problematic beliefs exist among all muslims , so how exactly are you going to discriminate ? 
  the right is simply taking the logical route that it 's close to impossible to determine who will be radical and who wo n't , so we should restrict entry to them all just to be safe , because no one has a right to immigrate to a country . 
  i live in the bible belt . 
  people here do n't threaten each other over religion . 
  you forget that they already have power down here , and yet there is no religious tyranny going on . 
  people need to stop comparing christians to muslims . 
  in fact , i think maybe the reason liberals ally with islam in the first place is just because they are opposed to christian conservatives , aka , the enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  what 's bizarre about it ? 
  he 's right . 
  so in other words , you ca n't provide any links of him outright stating that he wants the destruction of the eu . 
  it 's just your inference , as is every bad thing that people ascribe to him . 
   trump is openly `` us first '' and does n't care if anyone else loses . 
    there is a difference between doing what is best for your country and what is ethically the best thing to do . 
  he said he is elected to represent americans , not the world , and that he will put our interests ahead of others the same way that any nation prioritizes its own citizens . 
  he also said that he wants to help other countries , just not at our expense . 
  what is wrong with that exactly ? 
  me too , it 's awesome . 
   however , it 's true that he has n't actually done many bad thing so far but his reputation is far worse than bush already , especially when it comes to talking the us seriously and seeing it as a reliable partner . 
  the us seems very weak under trump . 
  that 's what happens when you 're easily influenced by language and media coverage . 
  people who say they dislike him do n't actually have anything concrete to attack him for , and must resort to boring slurs to express their anger . 
  not really . 
  the rules were known beforehand , and getting the most votes is n't the benchmark for winning , thankfully . 
  fellow american here . 
  not sorry at all . 
  i 'd rather see honest relations , and if there is some reason trump takes issue with germany 's leader , then not shaking her hand is perfectly reasonable to me . 
  i can only speculate on what went on during their meeting , but i suspect that has something to do with it . 
  you do n't understand his position .
