  seems like a perfectly logical reaction to their plans to utilize these bombs . 
  you only have yourselves to blame . 
  that 's a cute comeback . 
  i get that european hatred for us became really popular after bush , but clearly there were problems before then . 
  the middle east was n't some stable paradise before america became involved and you know that . 
  none of that changes the fact that if there were n't muslim extremists in europe planning this stuff , there would n't be any excuse to do it . 
  i got downvoted to like -20 in another thread for saying that the laptop ban on europe was their own fault for allowing muslims and their extremist variants to take root there . 
  do n't you think it 's kind of crazy to have laws like this ? 
  would it be acceptable for the government to demand that kind of info , in your mind , if there were no islamists in the uk ? 
  edit : downvoting me wo n't change reality . 
  i did n't mean this particular case , just in general . 
  i do n't pay too much attention to uk law , so i was surprised by my vpn provider telling me that they are dropping all uk servers due to the new law requiring however many months of records on their subscribers . 
  you mean besides the cultural incompatibility , terrorist attacks , child rape gangs , prison population , welfare abuse , etc ? 
  yeah after you account for all the differences , there are truly no differences between them . 
  i 'm not the one instituting a laptop ban . 
  the trump admin is doing that in response to intelligence gathered by the israelis indicating that exploding laptops is being explored as a possible avenue of attack by terrorists . 
  so i guess you can get mad at the terrorists , or the israelis for reporting on them , but it makes sense to exercise caution if we know that is what they are working on . 
  you know i 'm right . 
  i 'm polish also . 
  we have subtitles on our shows all the time for spanish , so it 's not as big of a deal as you think . 
  why would it stop at 6 thousand ? 
   germany `` invited '' them further into europe because those countries would n't have been able to cope with all the refugees on their own . 
  how does that solve anything ? 
  all you 've done is convince more of them that europe is happy to receive them if they come . 
  so when they again flood italy or greece , will you just keep taking them ? 
  without end ? 
  the only certainty we have is that the prosperous condition of europe and the poor condition of africa is not changing any time soon , which means the incentive to come remains . 
  you are just encouraging more by being receptive to it . 
  hypocritical how ? 
  does poland reject fellow eu members , or just illegal migrants ? 
  difference would obviously be a legal right to move there ? 
  the only way you can take a crazy stance like the one you are taking here is if you say that there is no difference between european and mena immigrants . 
  americans do n't want anything to do with it , and do n't care about the situation at all . 
   the german economy was doing well when the euro was between 1,6 and 1,4 as well . 
  in fact i dont see any correlation between german gdp growth and exchange rates that would be immediately obvious . 
  everyone agrees and knows that the germany economy is going to be strong either way , the issue is that they would normally not be exporting nearly as much because their currency would rise to counterbalance that . 
  it ca n't do this , however , because less credit-worthy nations are sharing the same currency and drag its value down . 
   our viewpoints are not even that different i guess , but somehow you make everything out to be exclusively germanys faut . 
  the euro wasnt germanys idea , neither was the current ecb policy , or states joining that were not fit to do so . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  it seems to me to be a significantly more clever way of doing what china does to keep its exports high . 
  the eu seems to act exclusively in the interests of france/germany , and perpetuating the current situation as much as possible . 
  edit : well it 's certainly far easier to downvote than explain where i 'm wrong, 
  i hate the situation at the us border , where people pretend like constitutional protections do n't apply just because you 're in an airport or something , but this is on another level . 
  any brit mind explaining why the ramp up in security is happening ? 
  is it the increasing risk of terrorism or is the surveillance trend linked to more fundamental aspects of your society ? 
   the fact that europe is not an economic union oh yes it is . 
  you 'll see that clearly once the cost outweighs the benefits for nations currently a part of the union . 
  an entirely self-created problem . 
  if you did n't have islamists in europe due to decades of muslim immigration , then there would be no fears of people using laptops as explosives . 
  sure , i 'm not saying that colonialism was n't an issue . 
  they were n't stable paradises before the west interfered though . 
  so the us has been holding muslims back for centuries huh ? 
  i bet that makes you feel warm and fuzzy and totally non-racist . 
  yeah , that 's what people are against , wearing head scarves ... 
  and you think the fact that those regions are unstable right now has nothing to do with them being muslim ? 
  why do you think they are n't stable , genius ? 
   some economies are not stronger than others just because people want to work . 
  no , it 's because they are more productive with their work . 
  either way , germany would have to send money to greece to avoid what is happening now . 
  yeah that 's entirely due to nato . 
  being in a military alliance is going to reduce the chance of your countries being at war with one another . 
  yeah , i do n't know what he 's talking about . 
  it 's one of the most right-wing countries in europe . 
  well you said it 's not a right wing oasis but , relative to what ? 
  it 's pretty similar to the southern us imo , minus the guns . 
  they are n't spending all that energy and money to get to europe because they have nothing to lose , they are doing it because they know what they will gain once they make it there . 
  i did , that 's why i 'm asking . 
  i do n't see what he 's doing about it other than calling it inevitable and saying that france should give more integration classes ... 
  of course he said that he is listening to people 's concerns . 
  that 's what politicians do . 
  what concrete things is he going to change though ? 
  everyone gets involved in everyone 's elections , if your country is big enough . 
  i saw swedes donating to bernie 's campaign here . 
  purely for economic reasons , and less than there were before . 
  you can pretend it has something to do with politics but that 's dumb . 
  if france and germany become less attractive destinations for investment due to civil unrest , then poland will benefit hugely . 
  i 'm from poland . 
  it is a right wing oasis compared to france or germany . 
  there are not nearly enough of you unfortunately . 
  in western europe , as long as you have brown skin they get to feel good about themselves , regardless of whether you have compatible values or not . 
  ok then , you allow them to come and stay illegally and pretend the situation is hopeless while demographic change slowly makes that a reality . 
   macron actually adressed immigration ( obviously . 
  no serious candidate could have gone around that topic ) . 
  but i guess becausehis way isnt to stop all immigration it \u00b4 s automatically not relevant . 
  how has he addressed it ? 
  they could start by not allowing ngos to ferry them into italy ... 
  i know you do n't get this , since you seem to believe the alternative is to murder them all , but migrants are a big business in the eu . 
  lots of money is being made on importing them . 
  uh , he says it 's not possible to stop it . 
  so greater migration and displacement in france is the future as of now . 
   with france at 10 % , they have now become a voting bloc and will influence elections on a widespread scale . 
  god help you , france what about it ? 
  it seems highly probable that at a certain point there will be a political party led by muslims for muslims , and muslims as a block will vote for them . 
  yes it was . 
  they tried to appoint judges that they were not legally allowed to . 
  we already throw out the idea of people being equal when we do n't use direct democracy , which practically no country does . 
  it 's not weird . 
  imagine if poland became part of a federalized eu . 
  would you want the most populous major cities on the continent ( likely in germany/france ) to decide the outcome of an election that affects you ?
