  what does that mean ? 
  is that like , a certain number of terrorist attacks per year ? 
  you know most of them were saudi right ? 
  i ca n't remember when the us fucked up their country . 
  in fact , we 're fucking allies . 
  so no , your simple explanation that it 's just payback for bombing their countries does n't make any sense . 
  they hit belgium because it 's really easy to blend in there , and because it is unconquered infidel land . 
  same thing with paris , manchester , london , etc. 
  now is the best time to start talking about preventing the next attack , before people forget and go back to pretending like nothing happened . 
  would you prefer a little mourning and back to business as usual ? 
  invited them inside . 
  it 's just part and parcel of living in a big city . 
   could we predict that 50 years later the usa with help from the uk and some other countries invades the middle-east , setting of a chain reaction of destruction and growing hate on both sides ? 
  oh is that when muslim terrorism started becoming a problem ? 
  you mean they were n't murdering each other long before the us even existed ? 
   i just do n't want the state to enforce my opinion , and i do n't want the state to enforce anybody else 's opinion on cultural preferences either . 
  that 's not what the state is for . 
  the whole purpose of a state is to define the border of a particular culture . 
  what do you think everyone 's constitutions are about ? 
  they are reflections of the values the culture holds . 
  what is the point of immigration laws if not to prevent inferior cultures from coming in to take advantage of social systems setup for the natives ? 
  is belgium a big war monger too ? 
  so it 's ok that they are funding extremist groups , as long as those groups are n't in your backyard ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  i do n't remember saying anything about modern warfare , or ancient warfare for that matter . 
  that was a great comeback though !, 
  no , i honestly believe they are thinking : `` hey , look at all this free money they 're promising !, 
  i 'd love to go over there and bang some white chicks , oh and claim the land in allah 's name of course . '', 
  do n't be naive . 
  obviously there are other , more important personal reasons to go over to europe . 
  i 'm saying that religion is definitely a component of it , and denying that through the strawman you setup is really silly . 
  they feel like they are part of a team , a team that is spreading and conquering the world . 
  just because europeans do n't really feel much of a shared purpose anymore does n't mean that everyone thinks that way . 
  i see your kind of thinking from europeans constantly . 
  please please please stop projecting your own way of living on to people who are far removed from your culture . 
   who the fuck thinks that way ?!, 
  and i 'm pretty baffled that you think that 's a realistic scenario or threat . 
  of course it is !, 
  you guys are still begging them to come over to europe . 
  they are right now being ferried over to italy by the thousands and no one gives a shit . 
   antilleans , surinamers and mollucans not remotely comparable in scale . 
  i ca n't believe you are seriously using that as an example of what you are going to accomplish for the basically never ending numbers that will be coming to europe . 
  you will be lucky if your social systems manage the strain , much less integrate anyone . 
   but seriously , think again about the outbreeding statement . 
  done . 
  they will absolutely outbreed you , even though their birth rate levels out , because you just ca n't help yourselves when it comes to bringing in more of them . 
  they take pride in the fact that they are taking over . 
  you can find videos of them pointing that out to people , laughing at them for allowing it ; telling them that the day will come where the muslims are deciding the rules of society . 
  they know what is happening , it 's only you people who are pretending like it 's not going to occur ... that somehow , someone will come up with a solution that will let you have your cake and eat it too . 
  it 's unbelievable what you guys are going to let happen to europe . 
   and when they have lived here for decades , maybe in the second or third generation , they are our people . 
  you may see it that way , but they do n't . 
   jihad by migration their imams literally tell them to do that ; to go to europe and outbreed europeans . 
  integration has n't really worked for anyone that has invited a significant number of muslims . 
  the situation is slightly better in america only because of how small of a minority they are here . 
  it worked out well for muslims , looking at how they have conquered north africa and the middle east . 
   isis ' entire agenda , their long term strategy , is to create a cataclysmic divide between ethnic europeans and muslims , to the point where europe breaks into large scale civil war . 
  that 's going to happen regardless of what you do . 
  it 's only a matter of time until that minority becomes large enough to create significant conflict on the continent . 
  both do . 
  right , so you just do n't like the way he talks . 
  personally , it 's refreshing not to get another professional actor for a politician . 
  he 's actually trying to keep his word , which is more than can be said for most of them . 
  most of that is fulfilling promises to his voters . 
  he blew up an empty airfield in syria , big deal . 
  it showed that he was serious to china and brought them to the table on north korea . 
  north korea is finally being addressed , and he is getting china 's help , wonderful !, 
  ( that 's a rogue state which has threatened to use nukes on our country , btw ) he is renegotiating nafta . 
  i only wish he would kill it but who knows , he may be able to improve it . 
  i was asking about things that would make him laugh worthy , not things that make him a strong and decisive president . 
  thanks for the kind words !, 
  just to be clear though , i do n't support the gop/republicans themselves , just trump and a handful of politicians that i 've seen keep their word . 
  right , sorry , that 's what i meant . 
  no i do n't get my news from tv like the rest of you . 
  i do n't see what makes him a `` laughingstock '' . 
  people attack his hair , speech , and mannerisms , but they 're part of his appeal . 
  he has his own unique style , and a great presence . 
  most politicians are utterly forgettable . 
  no , dead serious . 
  he 's getting along with world leaders ; negotiating deals with both allies like japan , and adversaries like china . 
  there 's conflict with the eu , but that 's only natural given his desire for bilateral deals between countries . 
  the only other disputes are with mexico and canada over immigration and trade , not surprising after his comments on nafta and the border . 
  he is being well received by the saudis right now , and had a good press conference recently with the colombian president . 
  i do n't see where someone would get the idea that he does n't understand basic international diplomacy , unless you think that means being deferential all the time . 
  look what that did for obama on his visits to china and cuba ; complete embarrassment . 
  it 's telling that there 's a lot of rhetoric here but no one has mentioned a single thing he has done . 
  no , why would we ? 
  he 's doing a great job so far , even in the face of heavy opposition . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  democrats have been relegated to a fringe party at this point . 
  we 'll see if that changes in 2018 during the midterms , but if it does , it will be because democrats actually have a coherent message this time . 
  republican voters do n't like the republican party . 
  they put up with it because the democrats are worse . 
  why ? 
  he seems to be doing fine so far . 
  yeah , the republicans hate him as much as the democrats . 
   they couldhave been jewish and the same thing would have happened . 
  well obviously not . 
  israel is in that region and it 's the most stable part of it . 
  well you * are * blaming them for the existence of extremist muslims ...
