  that 's hardly pushing them around or imposing our rules on them . 
   and no , there is not per se any big difference between a us state and a european country apart from the us common language . 
  apart from several centuries of history , you mean . 
   nation state as an idea is antiquated and should be seen as historic . 
  yeah , which is why instead of having a nation state , you guys are pushing for ... a federalized collection of states called the eu ? 
  what is that if not a larger nation state ? 
  are you serious ? 
  we have millions of illegals in the us . 
  millions . 
  everyone accepts that , even if we are n't certain whether it 's 10 or 25 million . 
  yet you are still saying that ignorant americans are demanding ` draconian ' laws as a response ? 
  the equivalent in europe would be if germany had 2.4 million poles illegally crossing over . 
  of course , they did recently invite a million random people into their country , so maybe our priorities are just different ... 
   the us president is under russian control ha . 
  you mean because we do n't want to fight russia unless we have to ? 
  sorry that we 're not all as paranoid as you folks . 
  pay your dues , stay in nato , and there is nothing to fear . 
  i did read the article . 
  i think you are missing his point . 
  the fact that the euro exists is evidence of germany being a currency manipulator , because if they were not being artificially dragged down by the weaker countries in the union , then germany 's currency would be worth more than the dollar and they would be doing far less exporting . 
  it 's the unique circumstances of both keeping your country ( not being a federalized europe state ) and having your currency shared with a lot of weaker economies that results in germany 's strength . 
  it 's a clever and subtle version of what china does when it cuts the value of its currency and artificially restricts imports . 
  arguing against further cutting the currency is fine , but it really has nothing to do with what navarro is talking about . 
  ( and whether he argues against it or not , qe is still happening and is still to germany 's benefit , at least the german elites ) edit : tell me how i 'm wrong instead of downvoting, 
  suspending entry of anyone is by definition discriminatory . 
  read his quote again . 
  the president can ban any class of alien . 
  what is a class ? 
   a number of persons or things regarded as forming a group by reason of common attributes , characteristics , qualities , or traits ; kind ; sort : a nationality is a common characteristic that people can share . 
  and an alien is a non-citizen . 
  the powers of the presidency obviously supercede the ** general ** nondiscrimination rules on the issuance of visas . 
  click your [ link ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1152 ) , which goes to section 1152 of the us code . 
  click part i , to go up one section 3 . 
  click subchapter ii , to go up one section . 
  now click on part ii . 
  now click on section 1182 ( inadmissable aliens ) 6 . 
  hit ctrl + f , type ` president ' , hit enter twice . 
  read what i quoted about the president being able to do whatever the fuck he wants . 
  i do n't really see how quoting schauble invalidates the argument or makes it sound silly . 
  a weaker euro obviously benefits german exports . 
  of course trump dislikes the eu , he favors national sovereignty . 
  did you even read my link ? 
  it 's the same one as yours ; just a different section of it . 
  dude , just click on the link i gave you and read it yourself . 
  i linked to current us law . 
  the point of me mentioning the act is so you know how long it has been in place . 
  i thought trump was supposed to be hitler . 
  are you guys warming up to him ? 
  you should read us law more carefully . 
  under the immigration and nationality act of 1952 ( [ title 8 of u.s.c ch . 
  12 - 1182 section ( f ) ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1182 ) ) it is stated that :  whenever the president finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the united states would be detrimental to the interests of the united states , he may by proclamation , and for such period as he shall deem necessary , suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants , or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate . 
  again , you are referring to a general admissions policy that the president can change at any time for any reason , and for as long as he likes . 
  ok fair enough . 
  what damage ? 
  he is finally putting the interests of american people ahead of the rest of the world and it 's refreshing . 
  i 've noticed that everyone outside of this country seems to think they have a stake in it but i 'm not sure why . 
  no , it 's for those that are supposed to be deported . 
  read the actual order . 
  you really should know this , considering that you live here . 
  trump did n't choose the countries on the list ; obama did . 
   only by bundling their sovereignty will the nations become capable of action . 
  interesting way to phrase `` give up your sovereignty '' . 
   at the 2011 census london had a population of 8,173,941 . 
  ** of this number , 44.9 % were white british . 
   there are those that think the eu should `` just be about trade '' but they do n't understand how the single market works , that it requires some form of political integration as well to make it work . 
  there is no way we could have a single market without some form of political integration . 
  why not ? 
  hate on him all you like , he is doing exactly what he said that he would . 
  only in a general sense . 
  the president has the power to block any class of immigrant for security reasons , for any duration . 
  trump probably explained the concept of national sovereignty to merkel during the call . 
  strange . 
  i know re-enactments can be popular , and some people like the confederate flag as a general symbol for the south or southern independence , but i have never seen anything that could be compared to the nazis . 
  ( that would be like the kkk ), 
  trust requires predictability , which is easy when people largely think the same and come from the same area . 
  bring people from outside areas that think differently , and that predictability disappears . 
  ( or if those people are easily identifiable , you will get stereotypes for them instead and keep trust for those in ` your group ' ), 
  what is confederate revivalism ? 
  i live in the south and this just sounds weird . 
  it is . 
  that 's not polish character either . 
  you 're thinking of \u0119 . 
  why not 1b ? 
  no they were n't , because the nazis did n't think they could get away with it as opposed to the jews . 
  does n't change the fact that they were seen similarly . 
  oh so you 've visited once or twice and think that qualifies you to speak of the people there ? 
  anti-immigrant ? 
  ridiculous . 
  the casual bigotry against southerners is just disgusting . 
  they could be revitalizing it . 
  i really do n't hear people self-describing as liberals anymore outside of conservatives using it the old-fashioned way . 
  it should n't be illegal , but what kind of loser desecrates flags ? 
  it 's just really weird . 
  i agree . 
  europe has it 's own , separate problems from our perspective . 
  if they were muslim and practiced inbreeding for thousands of years , sure . 
  liberal was taken as a label by progressives in the us who came to be associated with socialists/communists in order to escape the negative stigma . 
  now liberal is a dirty word here in the same way , although some still recognize the old meaning of the term . 
  how do you prove that a murder was premeditated ? 
  the only way as far as i can tell is through physical evidence of actions taken by the murderer .
