   so i 'm detached when you do n't even read the articles ? 
  so let me quickly debunk that shit . 
  no , you 're detached because you assume i did n't read the articles without any evidence , and you infer the worst possible interpretation of anything trump does . 
  in fact , that 's the same thing . 
  because i support trump , you assume the worst about me , that i 'm just responding to you without knowing what i 'm talking about . 
   he congratulated erdogan not as he `` congratulates '' every leader . 
  this was no election . 
  he congratulates him for a vote that is turning his country from a democracy into a autocracy . 
  what a success . 
  i understand why he likes that idea , though . 
  ... did i say it was an election ? 
  trump congratulates leaders who are successful , as long as that success is n't coming at the expense of america . 
  when he went to saudi arabia , he said he was not there to lecture muslims on how to live . 
  when he was running and repeatedly after he won , he said we were n't doing nation building anymore ; that we should not impose our values on others . 
  who are we to tell turkey how to run their government ? 
  is a democratic result only valid when it conforms with what you think is best ? 
  they voted for what they wanted . 
   that 's a all out lie . 
  he blamed bmw with completely made up bullshit , while bmw has moved nothing out of the us . 
  did you even read more then the first line of the article ? 
  there is even an citation . 
   reality is they moved it from south africa to mexico , while south africa produces something else . 
  so they started a entirely new factory in mexico and invested a fucking billion in spartanburg at the same time . 
  bad , really bad . 
  why build one at all in mexico ? 
  surely you would admit that some of those cars might make it into the us market ? 
  trump obviously wants the jobs in his country and not that one . 
  what is bad about that ? 
  again , he is not telling bmw what to do . 
  they can build the plant as they plan to , and his plan is to use tariffs to discourage that . 
  i assume you would want germany and the eu to fight for what is best for you and your fellow germans , right ? 
  the eu uses tariffs to protect domestic industry , so it seems hypocritical to blame trump for doing the same . 
   i get it , he wants those 2 % now . 
  nonetheless it was taken as a threat , because he broke with a long going tradition . 
  as if military equipment and personnel grows on trees . 
  oh get the fuck out of here lol . 
  you know as well as i do that germany could easily change priorities if it wanted . 
   article 5 has a long tradition . 
  it 's not the end of the world , but its a part of a mosaic that displays a disturbing , unsettling picture . 
  did you watch the romanian/us press conference ? 
  he reaffirmed his support for article 5 right there , because it was never about nato itself . 
  he felt no compunction doing it since romania was not expecting him to do so and they met the 2 % target this year . 
  all he wants is what is best for americans and to keep his promises to us , not to hurt europeans . 
   i 'm sure about that . 
  a single german annoys you , and automatically all germans are bad . 
  generalizing and simplification is a thing for you , is n't it ? 
  something you have in common with your great leader . 
  i 'm just noticing a pattern with polls like this and the words or deeds of your leaders . 
  i never said germans were bad , just that i was mistaken in thinking we had so much in common . 
  what were you saying about generalization and simplification again ? 
  you are doing that with what i 'm saying , and with trump also . 
  i mean really , not affirming article 5 during that meeting was a ` threat ' ? 
  i 'd say it was not capitulating to the eu at the first opportunity . 
  ok , so you are just detached from reality then . 
  got it . 
  right , it 's ` have my back ' at all cost , even when your friend is living in your house and fails to increase his contribution to its maintenance like he said he would . 
  that 's what i 'm learning . 
  in what way is she pro-american ? 
  maybe you mean she is pro-american when our direction aligns with her vision . 
  she is the consummate politician , who has no opinions of her own but is very good at promising what she thinks people want . 
  she takes small steps and does n't commit to anything major until it 's the easy and popular choice . 
  some people believe that 's a sign of her skill as a politician , but to me it epitomizes the worst of european nature ; cowardice , operating under the guise of ` building consensus ' or ` being a steady hand ' . 
  trump is the literal opposite , and represents american nature in its purest form . 
  it 's no wonder they do n't get along , and it helps me realize that trump is successful here for the same reason merkel is successful in germany . 
  i see the opposite in our relations with the uk , japan , and israel . 
  same with the philippines , china , and canada , and many of those in central and south america . 
  the eu stands out as the worst relationship we have besides mexico . 
  yeah but of course the media was going to attack him , that was predictable . 
  maybe i am just surprised by how closely german opinion mirrors that of the media . 
  trump was insulted by many of these same leaders while still campaigning for office . 
  the way i perceive it , europeans ca n't take even a tiny bit of criticism without forsaking you as an ally . 
  thanks , interesting . 
  especially the bit at the end . 
   `` if any ship is made aware of the fact that there is a risk that a vessel may scuttle has a duty to help her at any point and this principle overwhelms everything . 
  in short , the italian legislation could say that is committing the crime of aiding illegal immigration , but it is not punishable because it committed to save a human life '', 
  it has really caught me off guard because i truly believed the shared history meant something , but it seems like it means nothing at all now . 
  i question why we even have nato when we are perceived no better than the russians ... 
  it 's after seeing polls like these and watching how merkel acts that i realize how far apart we are from germans . 
  besides having relative freedom and industriousness , we are not much alike at all . 
  well if europeans care more about their idealistic vision of sheltering and feeding the world , over keeping their societies productive and safe enough to actually do that , then that is their choice to make . 
  eventually , reality will catch up . 
  you will be hung by your own laws requiring you to absorb this ever growing burden , or you will rid yourself of them . 
  the turkey deal does n't entirely stem the influx . 
  you are trading one illegal syrian for a legal one . 
  who knows how long that deal will last given the tension between germany and turkey . 
  i would n't exactly call it a good idea to hand turkey a method of blackmail either . 
  we know that turks are n't going to get visa access , so it 's only a matter of time until erdogan plays the refugee card . 
  he 's just going to squeeze the eu for as much as he can get before then . 
   the situation the eu is dealing with was literally millions of people arriving to its shores in the last few years . 
  the old methods of managing such challenges were clearly inadequate . 
  addressing the problem in situ is definitely a long term solution , but europe is far from a point regardless of how countries with zero to none immigrant presence complain . 
  this issue has the potential to kill the eu . 
  neither side agrees on what the ultimate goal should be so a solution is impossible . 
  the two sides are just too different culturally , so i see either separate solutions for different parts of the block , like a two speed eu , or its dissolution . 
  we have a process for that . 
  it 's called an amendment . 
  link ? 
  well you ca n't propose that until you have a solution for the influx , obviously , or there will always be a next time to take even more . 
  what you 're suggesting would make sense if the eu were a country , but it 's not . 
  the overwhelming majority ( 70 % + ) in poland do not want a single migrant .
