  it is ongoing and so far we see absolutely nothing from it . 
  not even a tidbit concerning his associates , much less himself . 
  even cnn producers and anchors think it 's just nonsense at this point . 
  they only feed you stories about it for the ratings . 
   nearly all of his political promises amounted to attempts to mislead , treading non-action as representing political action he is being opposed by the media , by almost all democrats , and many in his own party . 
  leftovers from the obama administration are literally trying to sabotage his efforts and leak damaging information to hurt him . 
  no president has ever been under such attack before . 
  calls for rebellion and even death threats are occurring , with two attempted attacks on him and probably more coming in the future . 
  he is doing what he can to fulfill his promises , as evidenced by executive orders , but his powers are limited . 
  he can not compel congress or the senate . 
   i can not think of a single positive thing about trump that would not apply to pretty much any potential republican candidate . 
  the man simply has no redeeming qualities . 
  he 's perhaps the first president in living memory to keep his promises . 
  it 's astounding how you could be so misled as to claim otherwise . 
  even [ liberal media outlets admit ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/apr/28/donald-trump-campaign-promises-first-100-days-results ) that he is doing what he promised . 
  i thought it was supposed to be dangerous in the country . 
  i mean they are fleeing danger , right ? 
  no , others are not . 
  you 're talking about the civilized world here . 
  the part that does n't have slave blocks or imprison people because the dictator does n't like being insulted . 
  invite enough people that do n't know or care how that system works and you will lose it . 
  yeah , you really have to watch out for those zealous french believers , all of ... what , five of them ? 
  you might want to google harder . 
  the first example is about white supremacy , second is about abortion , third is political hatred of democrats . 
  i 'm not even going to bother with the rest of the list . 
  it says a lot when you need to inflate a list of only 10 names with various ` alt-right ' and ` white supremacist ' figures to flesh out a ` christian extremist ' argument . 
   and i also guess you would not like to talk about anything christianity has done in the past , am i right ? 
  oh no , it 's muh crusades again . 
  have you not looked into history enough to understand that it was a backlash to hundreds of years of islamic incursions ? 
  including rapes , slavery , looting , and murder ? 
  dire indeed . 
  if anything , it was a restrained response . 
  not only was it delayed , but unlike the muslims , christians did n't take large swathes of territory for themselves and purge it of other religious influences . 
  you do understand christianity originated in the middle east right ? 
  it would be forgivable to not know , given how many previously christian regions have been converted permanently to islam . 
  look at syria and egypt , where it seems like the religion of peace is hard at work attempting to finish the job . 
   you cant possibly be this ignorant . 
  the terrorists , funded by big organizations usualy have shit tier weapons . 
  if this doesnt prove that the general strictness about weapons is a good thing i dont know what can . 
  sorry , i missed the part about explaining how france 's gun laws stopped them from obtaining guns , or how `` shit tier '' weapons killing over a hundred people is an improvement over high quality weapons doing the same . 
  ( what does ` shit tier ' mean here ? 
  they had aks if i remember correctly . 
  what better weapon would they use ? ), 
   and yes i thought about it . 
  if somebody attacks me with a knife i have a realistic chance of fighting back and running away . 
  if they have automatic weapons i can just die immdiately even if i have ( or anybody near me has ) a weapon . 
  are you seriously arguing this ? 
  lol , `` automatic '' weapons ? 
  yeah , you clearly know a lot about guns . 
  i love how you project all your insecurities onto me . 
  if you 'd rather get stabbed to death by a jihadi , suit yourself . 
  i 'll stick to decent people being armed as much as the criminals . 
  remind me again , what stopped the killing spree from continuing unabated ? 
  right , a gun . 
  show me a case of someone killing in the name of jesus . 
  sorry , but it 's not even remotely comparable . 
   after the shooting , nudelman , who was said to have evaluated and cleared mateen for his firearms license in 2007 , according to the records of the security company g4s , denied ever meeting him or having lived in florida at the time , and said she had stopped her practice in florida in january 2006 . 
  g4s said mateen was not actually interviewed by a psychologist , but rather , a psychologist evaluated the results of a standard test used in job screenings and his test was evaluated by the firm that bought nudelman 's practice , headquarters for psychological evaluation , owned by dr joanne bauling . 
  g4s said this was a `` clerical error . '', 
  ** on september 10 , 2016 , the florida department of agriculture and consumer services fined g4s $ 151,400 for providing inaccurate psychological testing information after it found the psychologist whose opinion was necessary to permit mateen to carry a weapon was not practicing as a screener . 
  between 2006 and 2016 , 1,514 forms were submitted erroneously listing nudelman 's name . 
  ** mateen 's form was among those investigated . 
  he had taken the mmpi-2 and dr. syed shafeeq rahman , who had close ties with mateen 's family , gave him a medical clearance . 
  g4s admitted mateen 's form had a `` clerical error '' , and clarified that he had instead been cleared by rahman , who was from the same firm that bought the wrongly named doctor 's practice . 
  rahman had not interviewed mateen , but evaluated the results of a standard test used in the screening he undertook before being hired . 
   nonetheless , g4s removed mateen from his job post at a courthouse because of threats he made towards coworkers , ** including one threat where he claimed he would have al-qaeda kill a deputy 's family ** . 
  mateen had claimed that his coworkers and courthouse deputies were making racist comments towards him . 
  despite this , g4s `` kept mateen as an employee '' but moved him `` to a kiosk at a gated community in palm beach county . '', 
  they never informed the community or its property management company about why he was transferred there . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ** a co-owner of a florida gun store revealed thursday that his employees called the fbi ** after the orlando nightclub gunman tried to purchase body armor and bulk ammunition . 
   robbie abell , co-owner of lotus gunworks in jensen beach , florida , told reporters that omar mateen , the gunman who killed 49 people at the gay nightclub pulse , came into his store about five weeks ago . 
   abell said that mateen asked for level 3 body armor , but the store does n't sell it . 
  he also said mateen made a phone call and spoke arabic before asking for bulk ammunition . 
   the employees did not sell him any ammunition and abell stated that `` we contacted fbi direct '' after mateen left the store , but they were `` not as attentive as we would have hoped . ''  ** mateen was investigated by the fbi in 2013 and 2014 for possible terrorist ties but closed the investigations after determining that mateen was not a threat at the time . 
  ** -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ** two months before the attack , mateen transferred his share of a port st. lucie home for only $ 10 to his sister and brother-in-law . 
  ** as you can see , there were a lot of fuckups in that case , the biggest one being that we decided to accept immigrants from muslim countries . 
   exactly how can this be reversed ? 
  it ca n't , which is why the concern should have been on what kind of people make up your society rather than silly things like gun bans . 
  czechia has guns . 
  switzerland has guns . 
  somehow they get to avoid these problems . 
  ( what are you going to do now ? 
   sometimes they can ( bataclan ) sometimes they cant ( london ) and they can only kill a few . 
  london terror attack would kill 60-100 people at minimum if they have automatic weapons . 
  even if one of them gets shot . 
  did you seriously bring up bataclan ? 
  remind me again , what do french laws say about gun ownership ? 
  did they get those aks legally ? 
  seems like criminals do n't particularly care to follow the laws , who knew ? 
   you wouldnt hear the little girl cry in the us because she would be shot . 
  with a lot of other little girls . 
  6 little girl/boy died in the us this year so far because of gun accidents . 
  let 's compare to how many children were saved by guns so we get the full picture . 
   the ` not allowing people to defend thmeselves ' argument is the msot stupid one i ever heard . 
  i would much rather fight someone with a knife using random objects/my fists/nothing than i would fight someone with a gun using a gun myself . 
  ignoring facts here like what happens if i die before i can get my firearm ready and killing bystanders accidentally . 
  have you ever actually thought about these situations ? 
  you do n't need to personally own a gun yourself to benefit from people around you being armed . 
  personally , i would rather shoot than have to fight with my fists like that guy in london who ended up going to the hospital . 
  you would more likely be one of the patrons hiding in the back hoping to die last .
