   who are `` ethnic europeans '' ? 
  the blond white ones ? 
  uh yes . 
  how would it be otherwise ? 
  if i say the word european , that is exactly what comes to people 's minds , just as if i say the word chinese or asian , not a single person is going to imagine a white person with blonde hair who just happens to be born in china . 
  well we can only go by the evidence , no ? 
  the second and third generations do n't integrate any better than the first . 
  so why would you assume that things will be different with future generations ? 
  and the iq of people in those regions is substantially lower than the white natives . 
  you can hope that things will change but without any evidence , you are just fantasizing about a future that will not come to pass . 
  at this rate , if nothing changes , france will eventually be just another backwards islamic republic . 
  interesting that you steadfastly refuse to answer my simple question . 
  i guess you 're proving * my * point . 
   you did n't make a point about saudi arabia at first , but notice that you had to say society instead of culture . 
  there 's a difference between policies of a nation and what it is . 
  notice how mentioning the latter instead of the former is less likely to flame discussions like you just did . 
  i meant it in the same way . 
  culture is derived from society , in that the ideas and behaviors which a culture is composed of come from the people that make up a society . 
  they can not be separated . 
  the policies of a nation is a different , albeit related , subject . 
  ( it is a mixture of the imposed will of politicians and the will of the people ) are you inflamed ? 
  why ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  the us is the most far right country in the west . 
  i 'm also a polish citizen . 
  you did n't answer my question though . 
  do you think french society is no better than that of saudi arabia ? 
  if you think it is better , then how can your prior sentiment make any sense ? 
  but those people would otherwise go to germany . 
  it was n't done for the good of those countries , it was a preventative measure . 
   what they do n't agree with is when someone start ranting about the inherent inferiority of a people or culture . 
  do you seriously think all peoples/cultures are equally good ? 
  i think it is an obvious fact that they are n't , and that is what allows us to make distinctions between `` the west '' and other places . 
  no , one of his campaign messages was about being a dealmaker and how he could negotiate better trade deals . 
  he always wanted free trade . 
  his position was to level the playing field , either through negotiating fairer deals or using tariffs to combat those of other countries . 
  he has always been for free trade , you just did n't understand his position . 
  i mean you are relying on this article to know his thoughts , when it 's not quoting any of his statements , just making assumptions or relying on ` officials close to the trump administration ' or whatever . 
  it 's not a surprise that you do n't know his positions when you get contradictory reports from the media . 
  could ask you the same question . 
  no , they 're definitely not . 
  i would say that they did . 
   i think you are decoupling immigration and religion and the intent of the immigration ban when they should be viewed as a whole . 
  why ? 
  you ca n't prove intent . 
  not really . 
  they 're not conservative in the same way that western conservatives are . 
  more like does n't have any experience of . 
  no one thinks like that here . 
  you mean does n't fit your caricature of the us . 
  it 's no different than what happens in the us . 
  majority of blacks vote democrat , and obama gathered 99 % of the black vote . 
  majority whites tend to split their votes but minorities vote more as a block . 
  except for texas , yeah . 
  i 'm saying that i would support making it possible . 
   i 'd like to point out that context matters . 
  trump wanted the courts to look at the eo 's text and not the context . 
  yeah , that 's a court 's job . 
  you said yourself that they are supposed to see if an order/law is illegal , not evaluate the intent of the person issuing it . 
   muslims practice islam . 
  islam is a religion . 
  perhaps you should reread the 1st amendment . 
  ok , just did that . 
  i do n't see how his order does anything to restrict religious speech or prevent people from practicing it . 
  all his order does is prevent people from coming into the country . 
  immigration \u2260 religious matter  that 's precisely the problem , but i do n't think you see it . 
  trump is trying to discriminate against muslims , but since the courts wo n't let him , he is trying to pretend that it 's not about muslims . 
  that 's the crux of the matter . 
  i see what you 're saying , just not how it relates to the role of a judge in any way . 
  well sure , a court can be obstructionist and partisan as anyone else . 
  that does n't mean that his orders are illegal . 
  if you look at the reasoning the judges give , it always has something to do with trump himself rather than anything to do with existing laws . 
  you ca n't use ` intent ' to decide if a law is constitutional or not , or you open the door to invalidating any law based on the past statements of the person who wrote it . 
  ( which basically makes judges the lawmakers ) i do n't see anything in the constitution that would prohibit discriminating against muslim immigrants either . 
  trump revised his position and then both of his orders because he wants to get them through with as little hassle as possible , but it seems that we 'll need to go all the way to the supreme court to settle it . 
  the revised ban exempts green card holders , and the eo does n't mention religion . 
  not that it matters anyway , the constitution gives broad powers to the president when it comes to immigration and national security . 
  both the supreme court and congress have affirmed it in the past . 
  the only reason it is being challenged now is because it 's trump , so the court objections wo n't stand . 
  what you do n't understand is that trump has every legal right to ban even green card holders under the law . 
  the only people he ca n't ban are citizens . 
  if you do n't believe me , then go look up the legal definition of the term ` alien ' and then find the part of the us legal code stating that the president can ban ` any and all class of alien ' if he deems them to be not in the interest of the security of the us . 
  no , we would n't keep a common currency . 
  without control over the currency , you are not a sovereign nation . 
  we would be subject to whatever fiscal decisions california decides to make , and that would be unacceptable . 
  ( just look at the euro ) trade though , sure . 
  common standards would be tough , but we could probably make something work . 
  no reason it needs to be hostile imo . 
  if people want to vote to leave , they should be able to , just like in the case of brexit . 
  not with regards to immigration if there is a security threat , no . 
  the law is clear . 
  and judging by your comment , you are not well informed . 
  the latest order was blocked by a judge who said this :  `` there was significant and unrebutted evidence of religious animus driving the promulgation '' . 
  in other words , he is saying that the order is not legal because of the comments trump made during his campaign , which is a transparently biased and ridiculous argument for a judge to make . 
  you are supposed to evaluate orders based on the text itself and the relevant law and precedent , not your suspicions of what the order is intended to achieve . 
  that 's not your job as a judge . 
  this is obviously judicial activism . 
  if there were actual legal problems with the order , the judge would have revoked it based on them instead , citing the relevant law . 
  he ca n't do that when the order is lawful . 
  but yes , we will see what the supreme court says , and it is pointless to argue about .
