  as a pole/american , i am wary of the russian state for the obvious historical reasons , but i did have some hope that their people might be more critical of the official narrative now that the internet is so ubiquitous . 
  sad to hear about that . 
  is there any armed resistance ? 
  what are georgians doing to halt the land seizures ? 
  nah i think that 's exaggerated . 
  israel is n't happy with the deal we just made for a ceasefire in syria , for example . 
  it 's more like our politicians worship israel for religious reasons . 
  that 's kind of a crazy policy also , considering how we trade with china and saudi arabia . 
  we 'd kill our economy if we tried to enforce those standards in a consistent way . 
  ( contd . ), 
   for a short period of time concerning borders the rule of law was offset in the eu ( or more specifically by separate nations ) but since then has been resumed and deportations and processing of asylum applications have continued and increased . 
  one can argue if it was the right move at the time , i personally think the execution was piss poor at the time . 
  considering the examples you 've mentioned it seems to me we 're actually doing a better job here ( especially because of the changing political climate around this issue ) than in the us . 
  one difference between the us and eu is that when we deport people , it 's very difficult for them to appeal . 
  considering how you ca n't send anyone who might have their life threatened in some way back to their origin country , i wonder how many are actually deported . 
   i do n't know why you skipped past my point about most working people which make up the majority are getting the very short end of the stick in the economy with no sign of slowing down . 
  the austerity in the uk for example exacerbates these many issues that lie under the surface . 
  what i 'm saying , at the moment , there seem to be much bigger fish to fry and trends to worry about . 
  i 'm ignoring it because i agree with you and it 's besides the point . 
  yes there is a lot of anger towards illegals which is economic in nature , but even if the economy were better , illegals would still be here in contravention to our laws and taking jobs and benefits away . 
  for me it 's not about the practical concerns , economically speaking , because there are bigger factors involved there as you said . 
  i 'm more worried about people breaking the law and robbing people here of money and opportunity . 
  there is now a college in maine offering in-state tuition to illegals . 
  that means people who should n't even be here are being offered tuition prices lower than legal citizens from outside the state . 
   yeah but no , it does n't illustrate that point because you 're missing the history and crimes of the apartheid state . 
  sa was a black majority country under white minority rule ( that it gained through violence and economic control ) and not some kind of population replacement example gone wrong . 
  this is pretty standard stuff and really makes this a terrible example for the point you 're trying to make . 
  not condoning the backlash that does n't even remotely match the oppression that was dealt out in the ' 1st round ' but it comes to pretty much no ones surprise that the abused might harbor some strong emotions to the abusers and act on them . 
  hmm , i 'm not seeing the logical argument for why it 's a terrible example . 
  you 're just telling me that i missed apartheid like i 'm not aware of it . 
  i never said the situation was exactly the same as what is going on in europe , just that the results of handing over control of the country to a majority black population resulted in laws being instituted which penalize people based on race . 
  in other words , contrary to the white south africans , who decided that their actions were wrong and wanted to stop oppressing blacks , the population currently in charge has no qualms about doing so . 
  their president was even caught on tape singing songs about murdering the white population . 
  whether you think they are justified in doing so or not , it is interesting that this concern for the rights of others seems to be confined to the white population . 
   are n't illegals those that are defenseless and do get some help like you said in the sense of that tradition ? 
  do n't want to dig into this as a massive ` gotcha ' but it 's worth thinking about . 
  i do n't know . 
  is a bank robber just a poor guy who does n't have enough money ? 
  i guess the case could be made that we should n't punish anyone for committing crimes because they might just be wanting to provide for themselves , but the alternative is a lawless society , and that 's just not practical . 
   now i can argue again that we 're not apartheid states but at the same time we have benefited massively and still do from the exploitation of african resources , well , i say we , mostly companies and politicians while we get somewhat affordable consumer goods so i could n't say that there 's no animosity and resentment . 
  i do n't think we 're going to reach this ` black majority ' issue anyway , besides it still lacking in numbers , because it 's already being politicized in much milder forms and things like ` the marshall plan for africa ' being thrown around . 
   personally i think we 're just seeing the start of the migration push from those called third world nations ( for economic , climate and war reasons ) and we 'll eventually end up with very intense border measures including warships roaming the mediterranean sea but then the line about our proud tradition of ` defending the rights of the defenseless ' will be supremely hollow but at least we 'll be the ones that retained the upper hand when stomping on them , right ? 
  damn , you beat me to it . 
  france in particular could end up exactly like sa . 
  do you know what happened to the white french on haiti ? 
  yeah i hear a lot of talk about aid for africa but you and i know that nothing will change in the next 10-20 years with regards to africa 's stability or europe 's superiority in living standards . 
  that 's just not enough time , especially after you factor in the explosive population growth and receding farmland . 
  the president of the european parliament expects 10-30 million africans to arrive in the next decade . 
  do you know what his plan is ? 
  refugee cities where they are allowed to stay , temporarily of course . 
  is that disgust that i detect in your last question ? 
  do you consider having walls , a locked door , and maybe some protection against burglars to also be a bad thing ? 
  you could choose instead to virtue signal with your new african neighbors , where you will be allowed to keep your dignity intact , but at the cost of violence and rape levels that rival the worst parts of that continent . 
  at least you 'll be able to smile and say you never gave up your traditions as your [ throat ] ( http://www.lr-online.de/regionen/elbe-elster/herzberg/es-gab-fuer-mich-keine-anzeichen;art1056,6087875 ) [ is ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-hostages-iduskcn1060va ) [ slit ] ( http://dailycaller.com/2017/05/08/immigrant-charged-with-slitting-two-boston-doctors-throats-shooting-at-police/ ) . 
  it 's not hyperbole . 
  it will have gone from majority british to minority british is just another way of saying it is going to transition . 
   i 'm not an expert on this but that 's a statement that 's hard to argue against but from what i have picked up on this issue the successive generations from an immigrant family have decreasing birth rates . 
  the point you are trying to make is that replacement of the native british is not a concern because new immigrants have a declining birth rate that approaches the norm over generations , which is a good point , unless you are constantly importing them . 
  if you halt the migration , then i think it would n't be an issue . 
   now i think the point you 're trying to make is a cultural clash and that there 's a resilience to assimilation at a feasible/livable level that will never go away . 
  yeah it will never go away . 
  not because assimilation is impossible per se , i do n't really know whether it is or not . 
  i do know that it is impossible if immigration does not pause , because you are not forcing the new immigrants to assimilate if you keep bringing people from their country . 
  they wo n't have any need to when they are surrounded by people like themselves . 
  white flight exacerbates it . 
   see this is where i get the ` scary muslim invaders ' vibe from you and have to ask you if you by default would want no muslims in the uk or could even imagine living next to a family adhering to that religion ? 
  do you see them as one hive-mind that are all working together with the sole goal to achieve political power and change to install a theocratic government ? 
  i think it would be wonderful to have no muslims but that 's not an option now and there 's no point in fantasizing about that . 
  you have people coming which share a certain set of beliefs , and you think it is surprising that their interests would converge ? 
  do you realize that evangelical christians share a certain set of beliefs and vote accordingly , no hivemind required ? 
  it 's not that they wish to install a theocratic government , it 's that , in many of their minds , there is no difference between islam and government . 
  you are applying your western secularist perspective to people from countries where such a thing does not exist . 
  to many of them ( not all , of course ) , allah and his prophet are the only true authority . 
  it 's not that they want to overthrow the government or anything , it 's that when the extremists push for changing the laws to better reflect their values , the moderate muslims will not oppose them . 
   but is n't the exact opposite happening ? 
  the federal level still seems pretty strong . 
  you 're now ` building that wall ' and even obama stepped up deportations drastically that if his supporters , that are now complaining , would look at the numbers would probably have to fall silent pretty quickly . 
  trump has full authority to block any immigration for any reason and for any length of time , should he deem that immigration to be ` detrimental to the interests of the united states ' . 
  despite that , his order has been blocked , then neutered in scope by himself , then blocked again , and then finally allowed , with restrictions . 
  that 's how crazy the situation has become . 
  obama did not step up deportations at all , that 's a myth . 
  he redefined the meaning of deportation to include turning away people at the border , and those who are caught close to it . 
  actual deportations from the interior of the us did n't change much . 
  trump has threatened federal funding to sanctuary cities , and they are still refusing to cooperate . 
  california is now threatening to pass legislation to try and make it impossible for their police to contact federal authorities . 
  i 've read recently that border patrol agents are being sent into those cities now , but they are heavily resisting the effort and even funding attorneys to assist the illegals . 
  make sure you read that again . 
  california is funding legal assistance for illegal migrants using tax payer money from citizens . 
  it remains to be seen whether trump is successful in implementing his agenda . 
  right now , it 's not looking great , even though the decline in border crossings is an extremely positive sign . 
  well at least you are n't denying that it will happen . 
  i am polish , and you know what i mean . 
  which served nicely to help build the infrastructure that western european companies needed for that new market they had access to . 
  spain , czech republic , italy , germany , estonia , portugal , and probably more . 
  ( i got bored checking ) i have to admit i was surprised by how many judiciaries are independent or chosen exclusively by the president/monarch . 
  they would n't have had the same access to the markets without the eu . 
  let 's stick to actual facts rather than your fantasy : * we have sanctions on russia . 
  * we condemn them over taking crimea . 
  * trump is calling for strengthening nato member contributions . 
  * we increase troop numbers in poland , romania , and the baltics .
