  if new york and california decided our elections , america would be a very different country than the one we have now , where smaller states have some representation . 
  urban centers would dominate and rural areas would not have a voice . 
  it matters more if your country is heterogenous , like ours . 
   it 's birth rates are so abysmal and it 's getting hit with mass emigration at the same time . 
  true , but i wonder how much money they get from expats ? 
  i remember being astounded to find out that remittances to mexico from the us added up to more income than their entire oil industry . 
  that money flowing into poland has to help the economy and be especially helpful to people who do want to have children . 
  you know he worked with the nazis right ? 
  he described collecting the property of fellow jews as the best time of his life . 
  the us is the least xenophobic country in the world . 
  we take more immigrants than any country that exists , from practically everywhere . 
  how we still get called xenophobic is a mystery to me . 
  it is very brittle and would probably fail on its own , forcing its adherents to find new ways of living . 
  unfortunately , they keep spreading by conquering other lands so that does n't happen . 
  it 's not a meme . 
  every society out there has a common dominant culture , which is just another way of saying shared ideas , values , behaviors , traditions . 
  i wish someone would print out those european values in a list format so people can make sure they 're all on the same page . 
  no , but it is eye opening to see so many prominent politicians express concern over poland 's constitution now that pis is in charge . 
  i do n't remember them saying shit after what po did . 
   `` poland gets money from us but does n't help us when it comes to refugees in return , this is unacceptable '' is just too fucking easy to not be used here . 
  i do n't get how that can be a criticism . 
  losing control over immigration was n't a part of joining the eu . 
  poland did not sign up for that . 
  you say that a union is about solving things together , but what if you have a different opinion on an issue ? 
  what 's the core idea of the eu ? 
  absorb as many mena immigrants as possible ? 
   they want immigration from non-euro countries stopped or drastically curtailed . 
  `` common culture '' or secular values mean fuck all , at the end of the day , for them . 
  got a source ? 
  i mean , i 'm not opposed to that myself because getting immigrants from europe pretty much assures common culture and secular values ( for now anyway ) . 
  but it seems to me like you are just assuming they do n't like non-whites and then going from there . 
   might make sense if american muslims were more criminal than the whole , but that 's not true . 
  no , it makes sense even if they are not more criminal than the whole , because they are certainly more susceptible to isis propaganda than atheists or christians . 
   possibly , but that 's really just mortality salience/terror management theory at play , if you 're focusing on that threat to the exclusion of the statistics and overall danger from crime . 
  are you saying that we have other problems that are bigger than terrorism ? 
  sure , but i do n't see why we should focus on overall crime to the exclusion of terrorism . 
  there 's no reason not to do both . 
   and honestly ... if there were a muslim ban , an eventual jihadi ( s ) would simply lie and make their way in at some point , anyway . 
  well any muslim ban in practical terms is going to be a ban on countries with extremist activity since there is no way to identify a muslim with certainty . 
   if people think a muslim ban is still worth it , given the lack of what it would solve , and the totality of the pragmatic reasons against it based on `` wanting to be sure '' ... so be it . 
  but it 's a really fucking stupid idea . 
  why ? 
  i mean , you are acting like there is some downside to it , but coincidentally , many parts of the world with muslim populations do n't have desirable immigrants in the first place . 
  what was the percentage of syrians who came into germany and could not even write in their own language ? 
  i doubt they have much to offer an advanced , knowledge-based economy . 
  not even remotely . 
  you are confusing equality of opportunity with equality of outcome . 
  really ? 
  sweden , germany , and the netherlands are all wealthy and successful european countries that are well known , and accepting lots of muslim immigrants . 
  i assume that 's why he used them as an example . 
  you can call it nazi rhetoric if you like , but what is inaccurate about it ? 
  there is no end to the numbers of migrants that want to come to europe , no will to stop them , and by all accounts , they are not integrating into the culture . 
   they call out the left for coddling conservative islam ( which is very often true , granted ) . 
  and yet , their prospective policies usually do n't just call for restricting the authoritarian theocrats , but also the secular , western - friendly ones ... because for them it really comes down to ethnicity , not ideology . 
  no , you misunderstand their position . 
  the reason the right excludes them as a block is because you can not reliably distinguish between the two . 
  it makes perfectly logical sense to have a ban on islam as a whole rather than just extremists when you realize that it 's not really possible to filter them out with 100 % accuracy . 
  at that point you have to ask yourself , why take the risk at all ? 
  you can interpret that as ` exclusionary ethnic nationalism ' based on the result , but that is just your left-sided inclusionary bias speaking . 
   that people are naturally \u2122 unequal so restricting liberties to create a `` fake equality '' is an intolerable violence . 
  yeah that 's exactly it , and it is true . 
  part of it is the imposition to create this ` equality ' and part is knowing that it 's not really effective in the end anyway because the real differences between people will remain . 
  of course it is tied to people . 
  what do you think culture is ? 
  you 're right though , i should be more specific . 
  central/eastern european civilization is strong and will continue upholding the traditions , while western europe is destined for failure and eventual replacement by the muslims . 
  too many of you just do n't really seem to care that much about your own countries and values , and are happy to adapt yourselves to the newcomers instead . 
  i hope i 'm wrong about that and that things change , but the evidence is pointing in the opposite direction for now . 
  well he specified blonde . 
  i did n't think that a specific hair color defined europeans personally . 
  i mean whites in general have a higher diversity of hair colors , it 's not like only the irish people have red hair or something . 
  i would say that skin color and facial features distinguish us most , along with our variety of hair colors . 
  making my country less desirable for illegals is exactly why i voted for him . 
  speaking of moronic ... the point of my * hypothetical * was to illustrate that culture is tied to people . 
  so the idea that it 's just some aesthetic change that happens when people from those regions immigrate to europe and replace europeans is missing something critical . 
  mass migration will change how people act , not just how they look . 
  why are you focused on the blonde ones ? 
  there are lots of whites in europe that are n't blonde . 
  you can ` lol ' at breitbart if you want but that 's where you get the source from , and the source is the [ federal statistics office in germany ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/presseservice/presse/pressemitteilungen/2016/09/pd16_327_122.html ) . 
  every third person under the age of 18 has a migrant background ( 33 % ) , and the highest proportion ( 36 % ) is germans under the age of 5 . 
  i do n't know why you bothered mentioning the age of 5 because for one thing the difference between the two numbers is negligible , and for another , it 's not any less alarming . 
  the parent 's numbers are off but it 's not a good trend either way . 
  ( if you are german ), 
  i do n't know about that . 
  border crossings are way down for us and the wall has n't even been built . 
  not in a sub called the_donald , that 's just dumb . 
  no one is prevented from having their own opinions and sharing them , but a sub dedicated to trump is not the place to post how much you hate him . 
   they can downvote if they disagree , but why silence me completely ? 
  because if they did n't do that then the sub would be unreadable due to the spam . 
  you can question trump , just using actual arguments instead of whining . 
  the whole sub is for supporting him and his plan so obviously attacking him is going to result in a ban . 
  there 's a lot of racism in the liberal cities as well . 
  that 's not what motivates people to vote . 
   you 're not wrong , but there 's also the fact that during campaigning trump screamed about cancelling obamacare and the more people were likely to be negatively affected by this , the more they voted for trump . 
  source ? 
  many people voted for him because of the rise in premiums * caused * by obamacare . 
  you 're delusional . 
  if you replaced the people in europe now with those in africa or the me , it would resemble exactly those places . 
  being indifferent to that just means you are indifferent to the future because you have no empathy for the people that will have to live in it . 
  it 's pathetic and selfish on your part .
