  no , your view only matches reality if you completely ignore that these groups were not considered american , even though they were in america . 
   all of this is before 1870 . 
  it is no surprise that the nazis , who were classic , `` blut und boden '' nationalists , viewed america as a mongrel nation , because they were . 
  unfortunately for the nazis , that was a source of strength for the usa , not the sign of weakness they thought it was . 
  oh god , the diversity propaganda . 
  i see where your view comes from . 
  depends on what you mean by heterogenous . 
  most were from the uk for the longest time , and there were quotas in place to make sure demographics did n't change . 
  these were relaxed over time to include other europeans , but it was n't until very recently ( 1965 ) that the door was opened wide to include people outside of europe . 
  i got banned once for saying `` youths or ` youths ' ? '', 
  when asking about riots in france , trying to ascertain if the people burning cars had a migrant background or not . 
  this does n't surprise me . 
  read more into my words please . 
  maybe there is some hidden meaning that you have yet to uncover . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  merge france and germany ? 
  seems like you are hard at work attempting to reach us . 
   i used to think , even if there are a lot of induviduals that are a potential threat , we as a society and the state are able to get around with them . 
  i thought , my country will change but the only reason i dislike the change right now is my own racism which i have to overcome . 
  congratulations on escaping the cult . 
  stop bringing people from those places ? 
  the internet has been around for a long time and somehow the whole western world has n't become full of islamic terrorism . 
  oh yeah no doubt sanctions are a double edged sword . 
  i actually feel sympathetic to germany 's position on it since they are right , we do n't really do much business with russia in the first place . 
  lol you get triggered easy . 
  yes , but * how * is what i was asking . 
   kind of like how the u.s is like 50 % third world but make out like they 're the best country in the world  you hate us cause you ai n't us . 
  it was among one of the most stable on the list . 
  right that makes sense . 
  i thought that might be it , and it helps appeal to russian patriotism as well . 
  clever move . 
  believe it or not , he really is . 
  listen to him talk about where his mother is from , or our historical relationship . 
  he seriously loves the uk . 
  he will be re-elected , not just because that tends to happen in this country , but also because the democrats are in shambles at the moment . 
  they were seriously considering running hillary again in 2020 , that 's how desperate they are . 
   it would seem a little strange to give preferential treatment to the uk and giving a worse deal to a group of 27 that uses collective bargaining and is considered to be the strongest economy if you look at the eu as a whole . 
  trump would rather do a bilateral deal . 
  he wants to put the uk at the front of the line because it makes sense for both of us . 
  you benefit from closer ties to a great economic power after brexit , and we sorely need an example of a good trade deal after nafta . 
  why would the deal have to be worse though ? 
  preferential treatment to basically our closest ally makes sense . 
  ( seems weird to put you above our neighbor to the north , but you kind of are ) we are currently at odds with the eu on a number of issues that will complicate any possible deal with them . 
  not to mention a deal would take forever to negotiate due to the eu 's size . 
  your reply is pretty boring . 
  op was saying that russian tv is making out the sanctions to be good for the russian economy , even though they are obviously not . 
  i was wondering what that message was . 
  i do of course see how sanctions serve their domestic propaganda . 
  the problem is that he has his strategy , and it is at odds with what our legislature wants to do , so we end up looking schizophrenic . 
  russia ca n't tell what our actual stance is since trump says one thing and then congress does another . 
  trump does n't want to roll sanctions back . 
  he wants to use the current status of sanctions on russia as a bargaining chip to get concessions from them in exchange for rolling them back . 
  the problem is that if you apply even harsher sanctions now , the russians wo n't come to the table . 
  our congress does n't care because they are rabidly anti-russian , and i say this as someone that does n't like russia myself , but would like to see some negotiation and maybe reduction in hostilities in ukraine . 
  so you did n't have a particular group in mind ? 
  we are very different from finland . 
  you may see militias as a very threatening and destabilizing force , and it might rightfully be so in your country , but such a thing is quite normal here . 
  any type of revolutionary talk is almost always conditional upon government intrusiveness , like `` if you try to take our weapons , we will resist '' . 
  the number of people that actually want to overthrow the government in general is confined to the same tiny minority that you likely have in your own country . 
  sure but i do n't understand how you could twist penalties against russian businesses as something that helps the russian economy . 
  maybe they are saying that this will promote stronger domestic industry or something ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's just strange . 
  did you mean to respond to someone else ? 
  we acknowledge our problems , and europeans never fail to remind us . 
  she checks your phone because she suspects that you will cheat on her , just as congress put those provisions in because they suspect that he wants to remove the sanctions . 
  what are you talking about exactly ? 
  which militias ? 
   some people here are actually trying to convince people that trump is against these sanctions . 
  he is against the sanctions because they prevent him from improving our relationship with russia . 
  his secretary of state outlined exactly what they were going for and have been doing since the election , which is to maintain the status quo with regards to sanctions until russia has conceded something tangible . 
   this is part of general us turn towards protectionism and `` america first '' policies . 
  the us is not heading towards protectionism , trump just wants to reduce trade deficits . 
  why not ? 
  the bill has provisions to limit trump 's ability to undo the sanctions . 
  why would it need those if he wants them in place ? 
  your theory does n't make any sense . 
   than go to / r/the _ donald and try posting anything that even questions the bullshit they talk about there , and you 'll instantly get accused of being a liberal troll hillary shillbot , and get banned . 
  which bullshit ? 
  there are socialists , people who want single payer healthcare , etc. 
  who voice their thoughts as freely as conservatives do . 
  the only stuff you get banned for involves attacking trump or trolling . 
  there is a lot of division here in the us , but we 're not on the verge of civil war just yet . 
  i think it would take a major economic crisis for something like that to happen . 
   i would like to point out that usa has armed militias that talk about violently overthrowing the government and i seem to recall a few incidents where random militias got together and had a mexican stand off with agents of law . 
  yes , we 're all heavily armed . 
  would n't that actually indicate a great deal of stability , considering that we are n't hearing about local governments being overthrown all the time ? 
  a ` few incidents ' where almost no one got hurt besides the militias is not a sign of our impending doom . 
  i 'm not saying we are stable , but armed militias is not evidence of anything besides america upholding its traditions . 
  wait , what ? 
  how do they make sanctions into a good thing ? 
  oh holy shit , you 're obsessed with trump . 
  no wonder you 're coming at me so hard . 
  we all know what diversity means . 
  just holding up a mirror . 
   actually , i cited deutsche welle , which explains the problems with current polish administration and their plans . 
  oh so it 's deutsche welle 's opinion that matters now . 
  why did n't you say so earlier ? 
   you hope for china to assist trump in enriching himself off the presidency in violation if the united states constitution ? 
  well he 's got ta get something out of all this hassle .
