  tell me in detail , what is the collusion ? 
  trump did n't say that collusion was no big deal . 
  he said that working to find information that could hurt your opponent during an election is no big deal because everyone does it . 
   at this state , are n't you saying it 's nothing because you 're told it is ? 
  because with all the intelligence leaks , advisers connected to russia , attempts to lift sanctions , and financial dealings , if trump is n't affiliated with russia , he or his administration is otherwise compromised , or is just plain incompetent to let it progress to this point . 
  his administration is compromised by obama appointees , people left over from the last administration that do not want him in charge . 
  the leaks are intended to damage him and portray him as being incompetent . 
  trump has not made any attempts to lift sanctions . 
  in fact , he and his secretary of state , rex tillerson , have been crystal clear that they will leave the sanctions in place until they see something on russia 's part proving that they are acting in good faith to alter their behavior . 
  again , where are you getting this lifting of sanctions information from ? 
  what financial dealings ? 
  trump has no financial connections to russia , and as far as we know , neither do any of his advisers or children . 
   or is just plain incompetent to let it progress to this point this is an orchestrated attack on him . 
  the media and democrats are colluding to undermine him as much as possible . 
  how would a competent person deal with this ? 
  are you suggesting that he should act further against the media ? 
  that he should fire anyone not completely loyal to him ? 
  i mean seriously , given the climate you have now where he is described as basically a dictator even though everything he has done so far has been legal , and his agenda being choked off as much as possible by obama appointed judges and state department cronies , what actions do you think he can take that would not bring him further under fire ? 
  he ca n't even remove the fbi director , a perfectly normal and legal action for the executive , without people screaming that he is trying to shut down any investigation into russia . 
   i have to admit you are saying something different . 
  i have a lot more criticisms than that , i assure you . 
  it 's just that all this bizarre impeachment talk over nothing forces me to be defensive because i like what he is doing overall and i 'm kind of pissed that people are trying to overturn the results of a legitimate election because they do n't like him . 
  there was never anything like this for obama and i can guarantee you that conservative americans hated him just as much as trump is hated by the left now . 
  you would see people accusing him of not being a legitimate citizen , but no one was pushing for impeachment or calling him a danger to democracy , even though they felt his actions to be tyrannical . 
   well as an environmentalist , i wish more attention was placed on his adminstration 's dealings with the environment , including the defanging of the epa and deletion of geological data ( which are used worldwide due to the usa 's large amount of stations ) , but unfortunately the constant scandals plaguing trump means that there 's no time to discuss one issue , before attention jumps to another . 
  we care about the environment too , you know . 
  the epa has been doing crazy things like claiming that any body of water is now government property , where before this was limited to critical rivers and so on . 
  the federal government here has also been claiming vast tracts of land in the midwest as its own property ( blm ) and people are tired of the overreach . 
  i assume you have seen the article on how we will meet paris climate goals whether we are part of the agreement or not ? 
  trump even offered to join again if he could renegotiate the terms to be more fair than they are now , and germany/france/italy have said that no renegotiation is possible . 
  tell me , does that sound to you like the attitude of people that care about the environment ? 
  if they are so concerned , would n't they rather have the us do something as part of the agreement rather than exit ? 
  the truth is that we see it as a handout to the third world that will burden our economy even more to the benefit of fellow global competitors like china and india . 
  did you know that in germany , their manufacturing industry is exempt from their renewable energy taxes because they successfully ( and rightly , i might add ) argued that these taxes would make them uncompetitive on the global market ? 
  we are only asking for the same treatment . 
  do n't put a carbon tax on us while allowing china and india to pollute as much as they want , and then on top of that expect us to hand out billions to third world nations while they do nothing . 
   well , until macron goes to the u.s / russia to beg both parties for money ( which le pen did i 'm not even kidding on how undignified that is for for a presidential candidate ) that 's not fair . 
  no bank wanted to loan to le pen because of her political positions . 
  to me that is incredible , because her positions would be considered very socialist here . 
   i would n't be so worried about the re-rapprochement between the us and russia , if the u.s had n't threatened to quit nato , and since trump flip flops alot unfortunately , any further reassurances do n't build trust . 
  again , propaganda . 
  how did he flip flop ? 
  his criticism was that nato nations did n't contribute their fair share of the burden and that nato itself was outdated and focused on defeating an enemy that does n't exist anymore . 
  since his complaints , nato members are increasing their contributions and the organization itself is adding terrorism as a major focus . 
  so should trump continue to call for disbanding nato to be consistent , even though his concerns are being addressed ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  a flip-flop is when you change your position on something while the underlying circumstances have not changed . 
   erratic behavior is worrying and it sort of raises question about who 's side the us would be on if russia attacked , say the baltics . 
  his position has been rock solid since the beginning . 
  he has affirmed article 5 numerous times . 
  when will you admit that ? 
  or are you just not aware ? 
  i admit it is not covered by the news very well . 
   i quite simply do n't know what his foreign policy is , since i 'm not sure if he 's sometimes purely safeguarding american interests . 
  i can help . 
  his position is to put america and its citizens first in everything , always , like any sovereign nation should strive to do . 
  in the case of nato , he knows that it is in america 's interests to have a safe europe , but this must be balanced by the cost to americans . 
  that 's why he works with russia , because he knows that we must find a way to live together in peace or we will have major conflict that will hurt both sides . 
  the status quo with regards to trade has been terrible for us , which is why he gets into conflict with nations like mexico or china . 
  what seems to you to be an erratic , destabilizing behavior is to us an attempt to refocus america back on its citizens and their needs rather than focusing outwards on what we can do for other nations . 
  one of the purposes behind nafta was to bring mexico closer to america so that people would have less reason to leave . 
  well mexico still has incredible problems and more money flowing into that country has not fixed it . 
  the justification for going into iraq was to bring democracy there , and that did n't work either . 
  i think we should focus on securing our defense , and solving our own problems rather than trying to change the rest of the world . 
  got any evidence of corruption ? 
  there is plenty in our legislature , but i have n't seen any from the trump admin so far . 
   it would be like excluding people from the us because of gun toting , black hating , evolution denying , kkk loving nutters . 
  if you believe that then i think you do n't know the reality . 
  go read the polls pew research have done asking british muslims their thoughts on various things like terrorism . 
  when 30 % or more of americans empathize with people who murder blacks , then we 'll have a valid comparison . 
  when 60 % or more think that there should be laws restricting the behavior of black people , or enshrining their beliefs as the law of the land , then you 'll have a similar situation . 
  that smiling , friendly neighbor you are talking about may also believe it 's perfectly ok to punish homosexuality with death , and you would n't know that only because they are n't currently enforcing that view themselves . 
  that does n't mean they wo n't support that in the future when the muslim minority is large enough to influence politics . 
  right , which means that within my lifetime , that city will have gone from majority to minority british . 
  that 's an incredible change in a very short period of time . 
   how does that still not constitute a majority and it 's still the richest city in the country that attracts the most talent and business . 
  have you thought about how that wealth is distributed ? 
  silicon valley is incredibly wealthy too , but who is rich and who is poor there ? 
  my fear is that white europeans will be slowly and irrevocably replaced in their own countries to the point that we look more like south africa . 
  are you aware of how minority whites are treated there ? 
  and the natural question would be , why would it sound racist unless the numbers are much worse than normal ? 
   i was mentioning it because apparently the dutch have a higher rape percentage than eastern european countries . 
  i found that unlikely does n't nl have a large moroccan population ? 
  i 'm 99 % sure you are a woman based on this comment . 
  to give you a hint , when men say `` our women '' they are not implying ownership of the women in question . 
  edit : ha , i was right . 
   but they are not in danger of holding legal and political power it will happen sooner than you think . 
  more like iq , which is correlated with wealth . 
  if you important the average , you get the outcome you expect . 
  except muslims and mexicans have a lot of real problems that they are bringing into the country ? 
  not `` they dress improperly '' or `` they 're uncouth '' , but more like we have this ms-13 gang problem we have to fix now . 
  that 's what the migrants are for . 
  merkel just has to find a way to spread them around properly . 
  it could easily happen . 
  birth rates are one thing , we also have to consider continued immigration and how they might effect politics and eventually immigration policy . 
  imagine if they begin to sway elections and desire to expand reunification . 
  there 's no need for theoretical numbers . 
  look at london , which was over 90 % white british several decades ago . 
  higher wages do not cause higher productivity . 
  productivity is a measure of how much you can output given a certain amount of labor and time .
