  a lack of muslim population means no support network , nowhere to blend in with the locals . 
  which is kind of irrelevant if you are continuously importing them from countries where they have higher birthrates . 
  us vs. 
  them is not a narrative , it 's what is happening right now culturally . 
  there is always only one dominant culture , and they are just beginning to challenge the status quo . 
   which ignores the fact that many of those are 2nd or 3rd gen no it does n't . 
  stopping immigration now means fewer 2nd or 3rd gen , obviously . 
  the strategy mattis is taking is to encircle them and wipe them out so they ca n't flee back to europe . 
  the homegrown terrorists are the bigger issue . 
  that 's not what china ` is supposed to do ' . 
  each country makes its own submissions on what it will do . 
  you would know that if you read the agreement . 
  there is no one telling china that they can or should do anything . 
  they themselves said that they hope to peak by 2030 . 
  that is their ` contribution ' to fighting climate change . 
  india similarly is not reducing emissions at all and has not made any claims that they would do so . 
   because those countries ca n't do it by themselves , and neither china nor india have the money to do that . 
  that 's what the us was supposed to do . 
  and now they 're saying `` lol nope we 're out '' . 
  of course they do . 
  the chinese economy is massive . 
  not only was the us supposed to throw all this money at developing nations that china and india could save , we 're also supposed to cut our emissions significantly while they keep going on as normal . 
  that means our economy would necessarily contract and our energy prices would go up . 
  that 's a pretty easy deal to sign up to if you are china or india , or a developing country on the receiving end of all these payments . 
  far less than what ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  there are no numbers for them to hit . 
  sorry , we 're used to trading between countries instead of frankenblocs . 
  hard to break the habit . 
  subsidies are worth very little . 
  it 's like what , 1 % or less of poland 's gdp ? 
  any significant trade deal between the us and poland would be worth far more than that . 
  it 's normal to do trade deals between countries . 
  get over yourself lol . 
  if you tried to do trade deals with individual states , we would just laugh and move on . 
  trump believes in trading between countries , and since you guys have n't yet figured out if the eu is a country or not yet , it makes sense for him to try and strike deals with individual members . 
  wow , so now we 're nazis because we want good trade deals ? 
  you are really obsessed with killing people . 
  why did they need a one child policy ? 
  because their population was growing out of control , obviously . 
  we did n't have that problem , and so we did not need any government policy . 
  we could go encourage child birth or immigration and lower our per capita output that way if you guys are so butthurt about it . 
  either way , we 're not part of this terrible deal anymore . 
   what the fuck . 
  it 's like i 'm arguing with someone living in an alternate reality . 
  so weird . 
  likewise  first off all , if you 're employed and get 2 jobs , you do n't change unemployment figures . 
  unemployment means not having a job . 
  you were saying that obama added jobs ... 
  if you were employed with a full-time job and then you lost that job and were forced to take two part-time jobs to make up for it , then it looks like a new job was added by obama , even though the net effect is the same as having one good job . 
   we already know 10 + million will lose their healthcare . 
  that 's what every analyst who read the bill says . 
  yes , because analysts have never been wrong . 
  ever . 
   ` hypothetically ' ? 
  err , no . 
  factually . 
  you ca n't argue science with belief , it does n't work that way . 
  increase fishing btw ? 
  maritime life has gone down like 30 % since 50 years ago or something ( not sure on the exact number ) co2 wo n't make that go up . 
  in fact , it fucks up ph levels in the ocean by increased heat and reduces living viability in many parts of the ocean . 
  again , science . 
  yeah , that 's not based on science lol . 
  it does n't take much thinking to realize that co2 levels were massively higher in ancient history when there was plenty of life in the ocean . 
   our relationship with decent americans ( luckily the majority still ) is still alive . 
  we never liked crazy republicans in the us . 
  as soon as your crazy ( honestly , mentally ill ) president is gone , we 'll manage to repair relationships with real americans . 
  the majority of americans are decent , so you 'll get to enjoy eight years of trump . 
  strap yourself in . 
  china wo n't be doing anything until 2030 . 
   china and india are delegating over 50 % of their manpower to the pool , but they do n't have remotely as much manpower as the us , so their 50 % is still less than 20 % of the us . 
  no , they 're delegating 0 % . 
  have you actually read anything about this at all ? 
  they are planning to peak their emissions by 2030 . 
  that means that until that date comes , they are adding to the problem instead of taking away from it . 
   it all boils down to the simple fucking fact that the us can be doing way more to stop climate change . 
  china and india are doing as much as they can already . 
  the us is doing the bare minimum and now they 're not even doing that . 
  that 's selfish to the point of fucking insanity . 
  this is just nonsense . 
  you just made this up . 
  china and india want to grow , so they are not concerned with their total emissions . 
  technically , if what people are saying about co2 is true , then that would be selfish to the point of insanity . 
  they want to develop their countries at the cost of the planet . 
  you are acting like a 28 % reduction in us emissions can make up for ** 13 years ** of india and china growing their emissions , which obviously , it can not . 
  not having as many kids ? 
  use your brain . 
  we never really entered it anyway . 
  obama had no right to enter us into a treaty without senate approval . 
  he did it by calling it an ` executive agreement ' instead . 
   even if what you say is true , part time is better than no job at all for a lot of people . 
  and unemployment went waaay down on his term . 
  well yeah , it 's easy for unemployment to go down when you literally force people to get two jobs after losing their 40-hour per week one . 
  wow , double the jobs !, 
   oh , funny how you mention ` undermine democracy ' when republicans win by gerrymandering ( far more than dems do ) . 
  you think dems do n't gerrymander ? 
  they import their voters from the third world and they 've been doing it since 1965 . 
  that 's why it gets harder and harder for republicans to win . 
   like 10 + million americans are going to lose healthcare . 
  how is that better ?
