  i mean with the media attacking his family , death threats , celebrities portraying his murder , being accused of working for russia , undermining by his own party and the total fuck you from the opposition party ... it must be tiresome . 
   you do n't read amused . 
  you read hurt and frustrated . 
  and out of your depth . 
  i was serious about the degree . 
  it could be a good outlet for you . 
   you 're looking for something like my last paragraph . 
  here i was simply observing a factor in motivated disbelief in a specific political and cultural context , which is at the intersection of psychology , philosophy , sociology and politics . 
  it 's useful to know why both ardent trump and clinton supporters cling so desperately to their illusions . 
  or maybe political science ? 
  you could write for cnn !, 
   if you were aiming to convince me that trump was a corrupt , opportunistic and morally rudderless piece of shit , you 've just succeeded . 
   but is that really what you wanted ? 
  oooh , reverse psychology . 
  that 's a tough one . 
  that 's one hell of a blunder though . 
   actually , i just explained how it 's not just my opinion but based in e.u. 
  treaties . 
  akhsually , you just copied text from the treaties and told me that 's what poland was doing . 
  i could do the same thing to say they 're not in violation of the treaties . 
   china , who now wish to curry favour with the president to sponsor his commercial interests . 
  trump is enriching himself off the presidency tremendously . 
  well in the meantime he and his daughter have lost a lot of business , so i hope china can really pick up the slack . 
   you could , theoretically , not run into this by not coming . 
  just a thought . 
  tempting , but this stuff is too amusing to resist . 
   should you , for even a moment , let go of identity politics or identification with a specific person , like clinton or trump , you 'll start to see things much clearer , rather than irrationally defend either . 
  you know , you really should get a degree in psychology or something if that 's your interest . 
  it 's probably more fun diagnosing people in person than over the internet . 
   remember this picture ? 
  or this picture ? 
   remember trump effusely praising clinton ? 
   he 's piling on the superlatives here :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5a02pncghs  in fact , he even talks glowingly about clinton speeching at mar-a-lago . 
   you fell for a scam . 
  he says nice things about people who are n't currently his enemies , especially when he 's seeking to get approval for building his properties or getting some help overseas . 
  it 's called flattery . 
  i 'll let you in on a secret about politicians : they 're not really friends , even if they say they are . 
  this is getting weird . 
  are we roleplaying now ? 
  most of europe ? 
  i think you mean a handful of countries . 
  germany , france , uk , sweden . 
  most of this wave is settling in where they can get the most benefits , in urban areas inside the wealthier countries . 
  anyway , where 's the debunking ? 
  i missed it . 
  all i see is you saying that crime is dropping . 
  that 's where the education comes in . 
  go on , this sounds interesting . 
  uh , your country is not diverse . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  you probably get warm fuzzy feelings from seeing a whole group of foreigners on the street corner rather than one , but when your country is 90 % the same , it 's not really a wonder that your crime is low . 
  wow , talk about triggered . 
  you see it as authoritarianism and that 's your opinion , but somehow my opinion is ` incoherent ' . 
  why not throw in a few more adjectives to really make your case ? 
   otoh , trumpets also do n't see any problem with their dear leader 's emoluments clause violations , so there they are consistently undemocratic , corrupt and authoritarian again . 
  he is n't even taking a presidential salary , lol . 
  i see , so basically you 're a leftist who goes around accusing everyone you think is on the right of being an authoritarian . 
  i 've never run into this on / r/europe before . 
   contrary to what you might think , i have no qualms blasting obama and hillary for their treatment of whisteblowers , their drone bombings or obama 's 4th amendment violations ( all of which trump is continuing enthusiastically ) , nor would i back down from criticizing france , germany , or the netherlands for the same . 
  oh how magnanimous !, 
  you 're willing to admit the obvious . 
  well here , let me withdraw my accusation of you being a partisan then , since you 're able to concede that scum are indeed scum . 
  one day soon i might even elevate my standards for lefties to something resembling a debate with children rather than a conversation with someone in a padded cell . 
  oh boy i 'm really attracting all the strangest trolls today . 
  you should educate yourself on trump 's positions before attacking his supporters . 
  you may want to update the wikipedia entry for denmark then . 
  it says there your country consists of 88.67 % people of danish origin , 12 % immigrants and their descendants . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  well , the eu certainly does n't like their member nations getting uppity . 
  it matters because people want to pretend as though the eu is owed a debt for it 's wonderful generosity to poland , when in fact , the richer members benefited from their corporations getting an expanded market share . 
  it was n't a simple one way transfer . 
  no i do n't doubt it . 
  i 'm just saying that poland 's actions should n't be dictated by what putin wants . 
  poles have their own interests , and in this case , they are not aligned with the eu . 
  treasure it . 
  haha x group . 
  yeah those kinds of thoughts are not allowed here or anywhere in europe . 
  it makes me wonder if western europeans will slowly become more like americans in their thinking or double down when their environment changes to be closer to ours . 
  well at least we know you do n't understand trump voters . 
  thanks , that was really informative . 
  i had heard somewhere before that russians were lionizing stalin and portraying the occupation of countries like poland as some kind of liberation instead , but i did n't believe that was actually happening . 
  it is weird , is n't it ? 
  i 'm relatively young , and the way we look at the ussr is like some old historical event which happened ages ago , as if the people during that time disappeared with the crumbling regime . 
   behind all of that fawning , they wo n't think twice while taking your land . 
  people have a boner there wherever they hear about the good old ussr . 
  that 's the thing i find so hard to understand . 
  as bad as the us acts , americans are n't an imperialistic people . 
  claiming territory is too obviously a violation of individual sovereignty for us to ever be that way , compared to toppling a dictator or eradicating terrorists . 
  what is the narrative which makes it ok in russia ? 
  is it ` might makes right ' , in the sense that if you are n't strong enough to defend yourself then you do n't deserve to exist ? 
  or that you should feel grateful to be forcibly included as part of the glorious russian empire ? 
  so not at all like the us then , since we 're talking about sovereign nations . 
  you 're entitled to your own opinion , but i know what is in my best interest , thanks . 
  how do you think the practice spreads ? 
  it 's parent to child . 
  i voted for trump lol . 
  i do make an effort to understand my enemies though . 
  sorry but do you mind expanding on the opinion of the general public ? 
  is it basically that they should return to the ` glory days ' of conquest and domination over their neighbors ? 
  i 'm not familiar with them so i do n't know what they are teaching over there .
