  it 's completely emotionally driven . 
  say that the principle driving all of this is , `` well we absolutely must help poor , suffering refugees for moral reasons '' . 
  great !, 
  i 'm actually all for that . 
  has anyone actually looked at the best way to do that ? 
  no , there is just a panic that ` something must be done ' and people are allowed into the country without any consideration for whether they are going to stay or go , or how much it will cost , etc. 
  there is no debate allowed because it is framed as either being for or against refugees , when practically no one is against helping people . 
  i 'm sure you 've heard the statistic that we can help something like 10 refugees in the regions where they suffer for every 1 that is brought to europe . 
  you either help many more people or help the same number for far less money . 
   and secondly those `` terrible things '' may never happen . 
  did you notice what happend after the terror attacks in paris ? 
  have you forgotten `` je suis charlie '' ? 
  that does n't look like a negative backlash to me . 
  sure , politicians reacted quite drastically in the short term and everyone feared that marie le pen would use this fear to her advantage ... 
  it turns out that it just is not that simple . 
  well it depends on the culture of course . 
  some will react violently , others will just give greater power to the state and hope they take care of the problem . 
  look at how long france has been in a state of emergency , and how macron wishes to extend it into permanence . 
  maybe i should have said it this way : people demand security and stability . 
  they will either look to the state to provide it , or when it fails , they will take matters into their own hands . 
  do you not consider it equally tragic for citizens to lose their freedoms in response to the terrorism ? 
  to me it is just obvious that a complete lack of response to a deteriorating security situation is unacceptable to people , and there is no denying that the increase in terrorism is linked to the increase in refugees ( either they are directly perpetuating it , or their children are doing so ) , which means there is a causal relationship between bringing them in and either a greater police state , or a violent response from the citizenry . 
   but i think being verbal with your opinion creates exaggerated fear and hostility and may actually increase the likelihood of your scenario . 
  i 'm sure it does . 
  do you think silencing that opinion does n't ? 
   for example look how east germany tried to prevent emigration into west germany and how that turned out . 
  they were preventing people from ** leaving ** . 
  i 'm not talking about stopping emigration , so let 's not confuse the issue with extraneous detail . 
  looking at australia , are you saying that because they do it badly that it can not be done justly at all ? 
  you have to see the fallacy in that . 
   and finally look at europe today , despite the eu 's `` exemplary '' efforts to prevent immigration by sea that has only lead to refugees taking bigger risks and more deaths . 
  oh no , completely wrong . 
  it 's not preventing the immigration that has led to the deaths , it is not addressing the pull factor which has done so . 
  why are the immigrants coming ? 
  they do n't want the magic soil of poland or hungary . 
  they want the magic money of germany and sweden . 
  address that while putting serious limits on entry , while removing the ability to bring all your family over , and generally making it less desirable to be in europe , will easily solve the problem . 
  only there is one thorny issue here that we have n't brought up yet that makes this impossible to achieve in practice , which is the lack of moral gratification for people when addressing immigration properly and sending aid overseas . 
  you do n't get to feel like a good person until you 've brought them to your wonderful country and amazed them by the superiority of your advanced society and how lucky they are to be a part of it now . 
  that is the real reason this is being done . 
  it 's almost pure vanity . 
   so what 's the alternative to letting refugees die by bombs in their home country , drowning in the mediterranean sea or starving to death in overfilled refugee camps ? 
  i think it 's letting them inside our country where we can help them more easily . 
  this is a lie , a fantasy people like to tell themselves . 
  the refugees who deserve it do n't get to come into europe . 
  the only ones who make it are those who can afford to pay smugglers thousands of euros , and they only do it because they are expecting a return on investment . 
   china already has a lot lower per capita emissions than the us and are not too far from the eu average . 
  only because they are less developed . 
  it 's easy to be low emissions when many of your people are still living in huts . 
   what do you think is so unfair about china reducing its co2 emissions by 65 % per unit gdp ? 
  i think most of the world would be happy if the us would do the same . 
  i 'll tell you what , why do n't we sign up to the exact same commitments as china and india ? 
  as long as we are not hamstringing our economy for feel good points , i 'm all for it . 
  because they care more about economic prosperity than the environment . 
  if they cared about the planet , then they would have environmental regulations as strong as the us . 
  well , we do , we just do n't exclude german manufacturers . 
  as you said , we have a glut in the auto industry at the moment , so it would only help our domestic companies to have cheaper cars than their european competition . 
  there was no hack . 
  the democrats are just embarrassed because one of their own people leaked documents that helped sink their candidate 's campaign . 
  the current russian fervor is to make them feel better about losing . 
  `` it was n't our fault !, 
  that nasty putin character made us lose ! '' . 
  ignoring that hillary ran a disastrous campaign allows them to not only feel better about themselves , but have something around which to rally opposition to trump . 
  how is she pro-american ? 
  when obama was president i could understand that because interests were aligned , but not now . 
  why ? 
  they largely agree with him . 
  he supported not changing the status quo , because disrupting the sanctions would send the wrong signal . 
  he wanted to watch russia 's behavior to determine whether to roll them back or increase them , and i would imagine he sees it as counterproductive to increase them at this time since it would undermine any attempt at diplomacy . 
   could n't even imagine a president being fine with electoral interference by a foreign power , even if it helped that president . 
  that 's a joke . 
  saudi arabia funded hillary 's campaign by how much again ? 
  it only matters when it is politically useful against your enemy . 
  europe is not a monolith , despite what some here would have you believe . 
  it 's the western half that prizes cheaper energy exports from russia for its manufacturing sector . 
  the eastern half values security from russian aggression foremost , and that is where an alliance still makes sense . 
  we will see further division in the eu soon . 
  just wait for the july visit to poland that trump will embark upon , where he will speak at the three seas initiative summit . 
  i expect a major speech and a challenge to the eu establishment there . 
   could they , in theory , receive the european ( and us funds in trump changes his mind , though that 's doubtful ) and in 2029 tell the world to fuck off when it asks them how their green energy is doing ? 
  which is exactly what would happen . 
  they would claim that they made great strides in energy efficiency and renewable capacity and thus there is no longer any need to reduce emissions , after enjoying 13 years of handicapped competition from the developed world . 
  yeah , we could rely on japan or our own domestic industry for much of that . 
  europe is not some united empire . 
  people here can masturbate to the idea of the mighty eu taking down the us , but the reality is that countries like poland would never agree to hurt their relationship with our country over something as silly as this . 
  it would never happen . 
  china and india only agreed to the accords because they did not have to suffer economically to participate . 
  suggesting that they should join you in a trade war with the us would come across as lunacy to them , especially to china . 
  oh no , fuck you guys . 
  if you want to tax yourselves , that 's your business , but do n't try to force it on the rest of us . 
   niemcy that was n't a tribe . 
   how does investing millions to prevent radicalization align with this view . 
  it does n't . 
  bringing them in does , because you know the consequences of that . 
   i 'm not responsible if people do n't understand the difference between a terrorist and a group of refugees . 
  people with that mindset are a big part of the problem but one that does n't go away if we prohibit immigration . 
  those people will always find a minority to blame for their own hardships or fears . 
  you do n't prevent racism by `` removing '' those minories from the equation . 
  history in germany has painfully proved that point . 
  it 's hard to blame them when you see attack after attack from 2nd generation `` germans '' that we all know had refugee parents or grandparents .
