   natives , parked in reserves . 
  hispanics , considered as second class citizens . 
  white supremacist rednecks , proudly in the open , ruling over huge cities and territories . 
  all this ca n't happens here . 
  did you get that out of a political pamphlet ? 
  it 's hilarious what ignorant europeans believe goes on here . 
   damn you white folks are racists in the usa . 
  you still do not accept blacks and hispanics as true americans because ... because you are as bigoted as they get . 
  and you see yourself as of `` european race migrants '' but let me tell you something about europe : we consider you as our inbreed and feeble-minded childs who went full retards . 
  we are nothing alike and refuse to be assimilate to you by any means . 
  you 've clearly never been to america , literally the least racist country in the world . 
  i mean , how could we be more white supremacist than the french ? 
  about 1/4 of our population are foreigners lol . 
  lecturing another country on race when you have fewer other races is funny . 
  you could be the poster country for the kkk and how important racial superiority is . 
   just to put an end to slaughters from gaddaffi . 
  and it worked . 
  what happened after is another story that we did not take part . 
  ( and maybe we should but then it would have been seen as invasion and/or neo-imperialism ) . 
  hahahaha . 
  * 23 february 2011 : french president nicolas sarkozy pushed for the european union ( eu ) to pass sanctions against gaddafi ( freezing gaddafi family funds abroad ) and demand he stop attacks against civilians . 
  * 25 february 2011 : sarkozy said gaddafi `` must go . '', 
  * 7 march 2011 : us ambassador to nato ivo daalder announced that nato decided to step up surveillance missions of e-3 awacs aircraft to twenty-four hours a day . 
  on the same day , it was reported that an anonymous un diplomat confirmed to agence france presse that france and britain were drawing up a resolution on the no-fly zone that would be considered by the un security council during the same week . 
  * 15 march 2011 : a resolution for a no-fly zone was proposed by nawaf salam , lebanon 's ambassador to the un . 
  the resolution was immediately backed by france and the united kingdom . 
  * 19 march 2011 : french forces began the military intervention in libya , later joined by coalition forces with strikes against armoured units south of benghazi and attacks on libyan air-defence systems , as un security council resolution 1973 called for using `` all necessary means '' to protect civilians and civilian-populated areas from attack , imposed a no-fly zone but we were just going into iraq to stop the wmds !, 
   because germany is much more homogenous than america , people are better educated as a whole , less segregated , the country is smaller with better infrastructures , people are a lot healthier than americans . 
  nearly no-where as much gun violences , gangs and those murican bs . 
  oh you 'll have that in europe quite soon with all the africans pouring in through italy . 
  i 'm looking forward to the creative excuses for why your violence stats begin to match ours . 
  i 'll just assume it 's due to french colonial racism and how you oppress and segregate your minority populations . 
   the republicans in congress could easily help push trump out by letting the trumprussia investigations move along instead of slowwalking them , but they 're not doing so . 
  how are they slow walking them ? 
  no one is obstructing the investigation , even the former fbi director testified to that . 
   thanks to harry reid 's abolition of the filibuster for cabinet nominees , the democrats were powerless to stop trump 's nominees . 
  the people who were nominated got confirmed quickly enough , even the manifestly unsuitable ones like ben carson . 
  it took almost half a year for him to get his cabinet . 
  he literally has the record for the longest time to confirmation of any administration . 
  saying that the democrats were powerless is simply untrue . 
  they could n't stop the confirmations , largely because there was no legitimate reason to do so , but they succeeded in slowing trump down significantly . 
   but his margin of victory in crucial states was really thin . 
  the odds of him winning florida , north carolina , ohio , and pennsylvania ( and flipping her `` firewall '' northern states ) were so low that people laughed at the very thought . 
  they said it would be impossible . 
  for any other republican , they would have been right . 
  the democrats did n't lose because clinton was on the ballot , they lost because she had no coherent economic message . 
  her idea was basically that it was her turn and that she has a vagina . 
  all we 've heard so far from them lately is that russia controls everything . 
  if they believe that they are going to coast into midterm victory on that basis then there is truly nothing to worry about . 
   it 's called european structural and investment funds . 
  i 'm aware , but that 's a really tiny amount of money . 
   literally no way the germans can negotiate trade agreement with another country by ignoring the union . 
  it is against the treaty of the eu . 
  and we only want to have bilateral trade deals between nations . 
  it 's possible trump may decide to go for a deal with the eu anyway , but i doubt it . 
  it 's more likely we 'll see the tension increase instead . 
  easier said than done . 
  certainly that is one of the two paths forward . 
   what has vat anything to do with anything ? 
  besides there are state vat in the usa . 
  your main problem is that you import almost twice as much as you export. , almost 1 trillion deficit annually . 
  you are just living , as a whole , a shitload over your means . 
  uh no shit . 
  the reason we import much more than we export is precisely because we are uncompetitive with other nations based on the fact that we have no vat . 
  the `` state vat '' where i happen to live ( major location for bmw plants , fyi ) is 6 % , plus auto tariffs ( 2.5 % ) totals to 8.5 % tax for people who want to dump cars here . 
  germany 's vat is 19 % + 10 % auto tariffs , which totals to 29 % . 
   segregation , expensive education , poor healthcare comes to mind . 
  all this explain why germany almost export as much as you do , while being 4 times less populated . 
  no , those literally have nothing to do with it , and i have no idea how you could come to that conclusion . 
  i mean that 's just retarded . 
  segregation is why we have a several hundred billion dollar deficit with china ? 
  i know you french are really obsessed with race in america but seriously , it 's not connected to every little thing . 
   they outsourced all their production and now even outsource their profits into taxes haven outside the usa . 
  with company like this , ofc your country is in a bad shape . 
  yes , that 's the model . 
  they get cheap labor from other countries , send their junk into ours with little overheard , and maximize profits . 
  local companies can not compete . 
   also , it 's kind of weird how you muricans are so racists , at least on the internet , always talking about diversity and minorities in europe when your whole country is literally made by migrants . 
  european migrants . 
  do they not teach history in france ? 
  we did n't start to really diversify until the 1960s , other than the slaves which we already had . 
  the reason we talk so much about migrants in europe is because we really ca n't believe how stupid people seem to be over there . 
  i mean you have our example of ghettos and crime , in fact you love to act smug and superior about it , and then you go and begin to recreate them in your own countries . 
  we tried the diversity thing and it did n't really work out . 
  you 'll find out eventually . 
   13 millions mexicans alone , how many million hispanics , blacks , asians ? 
  do they bother you as well or you 're just racist towards arabs and africans ? 
  are all french as bigoted as you against americans ? 
  what am i saying , that hatred is probably institutionalized at this point . 
   also , france did n't destroy any country and defenetely did not invade anyone `` in a preventive war '' . 
  1 million muslim died , 4 millions refugees , all this nightmare is on you . 
  no , you just destroyed libya to secure your country 's interests . 
  what 's worse is that you could n't even manage it with your own military so you had to beg ours to finish the job . 
  not only are you hypocritical , you ca n't even do imperialism properly anymore . 
  not * yet * , you mean . 
  the eu is obviously unsustainable without fiscal transfers from the richer nations to the poorer ones , and we both know there 's no way that will be sold to german or dutch voters . 
  either there will be deeper political and fiscal integration , or the debt engulfed pigs will drown and bring the union down with them . 
  the us has no such troubles for obvious reasons . 
  delude yourself if you wish , but the eu will undergo significant changes one way or another , and it will happen within the next decade imo . 
   it 'd be understandable if international trade agreements were skewed against you , but that 's a ridiculous assumption considering that were talking about the us not really .
