  what do you propose ? 
  should we go in and take care of the problem just like saddam ? 
  that part of the world is not ready for democracy , and there 's no reason to be antagonistic when we ourselves have done some shitty things . 
  stability is better than the bloodshed of revolution when you know they are just going to install another brand of dictator right after . 
  either way , you did n't have to take any . 
  so suck it up and enjoy the enrichment . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  i 'm just explaining where i think it comes from . 
   maybe . 
  under trump , nobody knows . 
  `` we support article 5 but ... '' . 
  trump has been clear about this from the beginning . 
  not only does poland meet its obligation , but he has affirmed article 5 a million times by now . 
  you really need to update yourself or move on to some other criticism of him . 
  i mean people still talk about him wanting to disband nato after his main criticisms of it have been addressed . 
  he says that the money is coming in and nato has already made steps to prioritize terrorism . 
  since those were the two things he thought were bad about it , why would n't he support it when those things are changed ? 
   if this is not `` sucking the dick '' , i have no idea what is . 
  do you have any idea why they canceled the contract ? 
  again , the us has been a reliable partner and france has been , well , less than reliable . 
  i do n't get how preferring america in general is a bad thing . 
  our values are aligned much better than with most of western europe . 
  are you just saying that in an ideal world , you would prefer poland to be closer to its neighbors ? 
  because that is always a two way thing . 
  i readily acknowledge that muslims know islam better than i do . 
  have some humility and acknowledge that you do n't know trump supporters as well as people who actually voted for him . 
  will do . 
  that it would be easier . 
   i 'm not saying these people are faultless and unaccountable for they 're attacks , but there is an element of alienation which leads to radicalisation . 
  well it 's a chicken and egg problem , is n't it ? 
  the guy who came up with the term ` islamophobia ' ( trevor noah , i think ? ), 
  and had a position in the british government dealing with immigration , thought that muslims would assimilate just as prior cultural groups . 
  he later admitted that he was wrong . 
  why is it that a sikh does n't feel alienated in the uk while a muslim does ? 
  i would argue it 's because their culture is incompatible with western values and they are not sure how to reconcile the two . 
  the west , in contradiction to how most countries operate , bends over backwards to accommodate newcomers . 
  the only thing i can think of which would lead to hostility is the fear that the natives possess of the very real terrorism that occurs . 
  there 's nothing you can do to stop terrorist incidents , so if you accept the above premise as to the source of the antagonism , there are really only two options for fixing it : 1 ) get the natives to accept terrorism as part of daily life , or 2 ) muslims have to reach out despite the fear and prove that they want to join the society in spite of the minority of extremists . 
  i really like the fpri article you linked . 
  the key things that make it possible for muslims to assimilate in america are the low overall numbers , which forces you to interact with your community , and the fact that we tend to select the most educated of applicants . 
  i do n't think the refugees we take paint a good picture and would like that practice to stop , but i have nothing against muslims in general . 
  on the bright side , maybe the muslims we have here already can develop a moderate culture which can be exported to other parts of the muslim world . 
  i 'm not sure if that would make a difference at all but it 's a nice thought . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i mean to say that the conversation is ongoing and we 'll see the result in the future . 
  well you take that as a sign of immaturity , but personally , i see it as part of his nature as a fighter . 
  he survived the cut throat real estate business in ny as this outsider , and he did that by being ruthless to his opposition . 
  he ca n't let an attack slide because that would weaken his position . 
  if you are used to a politician putting on a veneer of calmness and civility , then trump can come across as alarming and unstable . 
  to me though , the former politicians are being false . 
  i know they have the exact same feelings but fear to express them because they are public figures that could expose themselves to attack . 
  trump though , he welcomes that environment . 
  he thrives within it and sees it as a competition rather than a risk not worth taking . 
  americans love that and it 's the main reason he was elected . 
  we wanted a brash fighter to take on the media and establishment figures , and we got one . 
   our government bows to trump while showing the middle finger to the rest of the eu . 
  which is absurd , as the us is n't even in the top 5 of our biggest economic partners - other eu states are ( and , for imports , china ) . 
  oh is that what a country is supposed to do ? 
  suck the dick of those who contribute most to its gdp , no matter what else they do ? 
  by the way , if you are going to rank your support based on stupid criteria like this , then you should prioritize defense higher than economics because you do n't have the latter without the former . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  america protects poland . 
  america is happy to sell weapons and energy to poland . 
  america ( at least under this president ) supports poland 's right to govern themselves as they wish without our judgment . 
  bill clinton can fuck off in particular . 
  so when the relationship is literally win-win in every single sense , why should n't poles reciprocate with support ? 
  the only thing that is a legitimate gripe is the visa issue , and we 'll see how that goes . 
  compare that to the eu , which is threatening to fine the country for not taking migrants and whining about how undemocratic it is becoming . 
  but poland should love germany more because it 's generous enough to buy and trade with its neighbor ? 
  most of them are coming from africa so i doubt that . 
  i see you have a very low opinion of americans . 
  look , there is no way that a crazy and unintelligent person can become president . 
  the months of grueling debates and speeches ( we have a longer election season than any europeans by far ) easily weed out anyone like that . 
  i mean you are literally saying that everyone who was on the stage opposing him , everyone in the media that interviewed him , and all of his political opponents now , could n't beat a crazy idiot . 
  what would you know of it ? 
  you are n't a trump supporter . 
  you do n't see apathy in europe ? 
  did you even listen to his speech ? 
  he was n't talking about muslims . 
  it warms my heart that this is the best kind of criticism people have for him . 
  he is the president , not congress . 
  what can he do about immigration law ? 
  for someone so weak , he sure does inspire a lot of fear and hand-wringing from eu leaders ... 
  how is that what 's happening now ? 
  it was mentioned that they spoke of it . 
  we 'll see if anything comes of that conversation . 
  america did n't force you to accept migrants . 
  well that 's not hard . 
  al-sisi hated obama and is very supportive of trump . 
  many of the problems we see in the uk and elsewhere are from second or third generation muslim immigrants . 
  they themselves can be a threat even if their parents are not , so the security situation is very complicated . 
  better to err on the side of caution and admit none . 
  it makes more sense to help refugees establish a safe area near their home , which can be done for less money , than invite them into europe . 
  the current policy is not really about helping refugees at all . 
  when you see that migrants are taking out thousands of dollars in loans to make the journey and they are mostly young men , that should be a clue that something is wrong . 
  i really doubt that number . 
  no i do n't . 
  that 's why i 'm asking . 
  it would be far easier without the existing ethno-states though , would n't it ? 
  if libyan ports are unsafe and you will not send anyone back there for that reason , then anyone coming from libya will stay in europe for the foreseeable future .
