  since that is how democracy works , you would basically be forcing a country against its will to take these people . 
  what you consider reasonable is more of an extreme position to someone like me . 
  ( taking incompatible people and housing/feeding them in your country ), 
   that was suggested by the eu , to make a boycott to north african countries but what national governments said ? 
  my sovereignty !, 
  no you misunderstood . 
  i mean take away the incentive for them to come to germany or sweden . 
  they want the benefits . 
  let 's see how many stay when they have to actually work for food and a place to live . 
   italian navy is n't just bringing them to europe , they are following international treaties that say you have to give aid to drowning people why not help them back to the coast that they came from ? 
  they are often found not far from there . 
  it sets a precedent . 
  yes , the alternative is death or war lol . 
  you could try taking away all the incentives for them and return them to where they came from . 
  they pay smugglers lots of money to get there in the first place . 
  collaborate with whoever manages to take control of libya to prevent them from leaving . 
  ( which is why this only became a problem after gaddafi was removed ) it 's important to go after the ngos for people trafficking also , and discourage the italian navy from bringing them to europe . 
  does all of that sound reasonable to you ? 
  why not move to change the laws and make it legal ? 
  you would definitely have the support of the eastern block ... 
  yes , we fight all the time about the boundary between federal and state power . 
  there are many times that i 've thought we might be better off separated into blocks like pnw , midwest , south , etc. 
  of course they do . 
  that 's what this conflict is about . 
  [ 280k more arrived in 2016 . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/11/world/europe/germany-migrants-asylum-seekers.html ) this is n't the 1940s , the refugee convention is outdated when you consider the population explosion happening in africa and the me . 
  the point of joining the eu and funding infrastructure was for a mutual economic benefit . 
  the migrants are no benefit to anyone , so why force poland to take them ? 
  it does n't help greece or italy but temporarily , as the stream of migrants is never ending . 
  you are asking these countries to take on a permanent societal burden for a miserly amount of money . 
  if they are good for gdp then you should want as many as possible . 
  why should they take any ? 
  he 'll win the 2020 election for sure . 
  the idea that trump is going to get impeached is pretty funny . 
  that 's from 2014 . 
  we have close to [ 4,000 soldiers in poland right now ] ( http://fox8.com/2017/01/14/poland-welcomes-us-troops-as-part-of-nato-buildup/ ) . 
  it will probably be higher as we move troops from germany to poland . 
  oh yeah this is all about access to resources like it always is . 
  the germans are a bit behind china though . 
  it 's coming from the us and canada also . 
  we are supplying poland with natural gas now , and moving soldiers from germany to poland . 
  it 's definitely in us interests , even if that gets in the way of your delusional european defense vision . 
  letting them in was pretty dumb . 
   if the goal is to recruit more muslims and create a feeling of war between them and their neighbors than of course state with higher population of muslim is better choice . 
  oh you mean like forming a social network for like minded extremists ? 
  yeah , that 's what i was talking about . 
   if the terror is to pressure government out of military action then poland is not involved in the war so no point again . 
  not true . 
  poland helps the great satan america and took part in the military action in iraq and afghanistan . 
  it 's not a major power like the other countries , but if they just want to punish anyone involved militarily then why not ? 
  hypothetically , sure . 
  let 's look at reality though . 
  this guy was described by neighbors as having face to face meetings with people dressed in robes . 
  in britain , there are several thousand extremists under surveillance . 
  people do n't just decide randomly that they are going to go to a foreign country and blow themselves up . 
  they work themselves up to that , and get encouragement from the people around them . 
  the reason these attacks are happening in the uk , where they live , is because these extremists are surrounded by daily reminders of the western values that are in opposition to fundamental islamic ones and want to do something about it . 
  the attacks are caused by 2nd/3rd gen people who are n't leaving messages about uk imperialism . 
  they are targeting infidels for being infidels . 
  why would they go to poland when there are so many targets around them ? 
  i get the feeling you are projected a lot of stuff onto me and then attacking it because you are used to arguing with other people about this . 
  i 'm not saying all muslims are bad , or that christians ca n't attack each other . 
  that really has nothing to do with this situation though . 
  the attack here was not a land grab . 
  i 'd like to avoid the clash by living apart from each other and accepting that they 're not yet ready to join modern civilization . 
  it 's your kind that are creating the clash . 
  sure . 
  the guy called moderate muslims ` uncle toms ' . 
  i just recognize the obvious , that muslims share a culture which is different from that of the west . 
  you can deny it as the left tends to do , and we 'll just end up further along the track towards the end of our civilization . 
   exactly that . 
  that war was ethnic , not religious . 
  nobody takes religion very seriously here , that is , we 're very good at cherry-picking what we like ( like christmas ! ), 
  and ignoring the rest . 
  i really do n't get how you can pretend [ religion had nothing to do ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/07/10/how-bosnian-muslims-view-christians-20-years-after-srebrenica-massacre-2/ ) with it . 
   either way , i think that talking about 40 years in the future is a dubious proposition , when the concept of human labor being the driving force of society is dying increasingly fast . 
  or most of us will die anyways :p all the more reason not to have more unnecessary immigration . 
  how politicians can use the low birth rate of europeans to say we need to bring in more migrants is astounding to me . 
  yeah , agreed . 
  people want to stop big bad america , uk , and france ; there is no glory in attacking a country most muslims have never heard of . 
  well of course it wo n't be enough , and i have lots of ideas around what could be done , but if you ca n't even handle the obvious then there is no hope for your population . 
   it wo n't happen until there 's a full-blown civil war going on ... if it ever comes to that ( i do n't think it will ) . 
  it will , it 's only a matter of time . 
  the muslims in europe are far too few for this to happen in the near future , but you just have to look at the past experience of countries like lebanon to see where this is going . 
   besides . 
  yugoslavia had a real war during its break-up . 
  it had next to nothing to do with religion , so all this `` omg muslims '' seems to be missing the point from my perspective , which is ~ haters gon na hate , and they 'll always find some other excuse if you take away the old one . 
  what do you mean next to nothing ? 
  a big part of the problem was tension between different groups , one of which was bosnian muslims . 
  you think there will be no such tension growing in the uk and other western countries ? 
  i 'd say that 's exactly what you see happening now , and i would n't be surprised if at some point in the future , we see a similar breaking apart . 
  also , that 's like saying people still get murdered in poland so it makes no difference if you add muslims to the mix . 
  yes , people will always find reasons to kill each other , so why would you add more ? 
  the problem is n't an easy one and ca n't be solved easily , that does n't mean we should n't go for the low hanging fruit ... 
  we actually have a really small muslim population . 
  some of them are highly educated doctors and so on , but we also take a lot of refugees with no skills and it is a [ major problem imo ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/06/14/report-active-shooter-possible-hostages-at-amarillo-texas-walmart.html ) . 
  sorry mate , but you definitely are . 
  not really . 
  christians do n't often do knife attacks or bombings , or want to mow people down with cars . 
  a lot is stopping them , actually .
