  it is much easier to connect with radicals and to spread radical info than it was in the past . 
  this is n't the 60s , 70s , or 80s , so why would we act as if those were the circumstances we are living in today ? 
  i mean , the ottoman empire did n't always exist , right ? 
  there are time periods where muslims are more organized and violent than others . 
  that does n't mean that their holy book does n't instruct them to be that way . 
  it 's obviously not the only factor , as there is never only one factor for things like this , but it is the main one that they all have in common . 
  you are never going to isolate precisely every single thing that would lead to someone being radicalized because everyone is different . 
  so you do the next best thing and generalize around the most common factors . 
  the first part does n't even make sense . 
   for a better example : look at 1960s kabul . 
  same god . 
  same religion . 
  no bombs until taliban . 
  there are many countries where islam is peaceful , and they are the ones where the overwhelming majority conform to the religion . 
  so in that sense , you could say that the west not conforming to islam is the main problem . 
  yeah , the difference is the radicals take it seriously . 
  how do you know it 's not true ? 
  they are killing in the name of allah and say so during the attacks , but you do n't really know if islam is the main problem ? 
  you 're making his argument for him . 
  a political conflict isolated to the uk is not comparable to something that can spread all over the world and kill many times more people . 
  it does n't have to be nuanced to be right . 
  bomb free ? 
  you know that 's not true . 
  there are attacks happening in africa and asia in countries where european or american leaders have never sent troops . 
  they just get less publicity than the ones that happen in the west . 
  the reason we get more attacks in the west now is because there are more muslims here than before , coming from the exact same countries where this kind of violence is common . 
  you think most of the truck driving jihadis , or those running around stabbing random people are doing it because of bush and blair ? 
  they are just that concerned with the foreign policy of america or britain ? 
  give me a break . 
  they are trying to kill the infidel , which to them means anyone who does not submit to allah . 
   and what i 'm saying is that those fighting isis are muslims , in europe and in syria . 
  and those rebel groups are , generally speaking , no better than isis . 
  many of them engage in brutality just the same and some have even joined isis later . 
  if isis did n't exist , there would be other groups . 
  there always will be other groups because their religion condones their actions . 
  so the extremism and violence has nothing to do with being a muslim because they fight each other too ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
   also cause the problem with radical islam here is simply one of social integration plus govs letting radical preachers get into our countries and the internet as you said . 
  a total failure in immigration policy that european children will have to pay for . 
  absolute stupidity that they will curse their parents for allowing ... 
  that 's amusing . 
  so apparently i 'm the one who ca n't tell the difference between muslims , while you think that isis and the kurds share the same culture just because they are sunni ...  i agree tho that it is indeed a war and it is been fought with muslims on the front line against isis and radicalism . 
  this war between muslims has been brought into the west by morons . 
  how fun that we now get to be a part of it !, 
  yeah do n't mistake me , i acknowledge the schism between the establishment democrats and the more activist wing of the party , as perfectly encapsulated by the sanders/clinton dichotomy during the election . 
  it 's a lot like the tea party/libertarian types and the establishment , neocon republicans . 
  both are unfortunately included in the same ` right ' label , but that 's the nature of a generalization . 
  the reason i put the media where i do is that all media in the us is establishment and corporatist ( what a shock , given who pays the bills ) , with the exception of some online sources . 
  communism and socialism are more like far left in the us . 
  left wing here generally means pushing open borders , bans on guns , hate speech laws , taxes on the rich ( bankers ) , etc. 
  both the right and left are friendly to corporates here . 
  cnn is definitely on the left in america , it 's just that your perspective on left vs right is not the same as ours . 
  if you think that 's not the truth then you are deluded . 
  this is a cultural war and there can only be one victor in the end . 
  because , as far as we know , there is no right wing movement that this guy is a part of or that supports attacks like this ? 
  as opposed to islam , isis , etc ? 
  that sounds like anglophobia mate . 
  the media always waits when the attacker is muslim , and warns not to jump to conclusions . 
  i 've only seen them say it 's an islamic terrorist attack , or looks like one , after the police confirm it . 
  what does `` left wing '' look like to you ? 
   not sure britain and france want to become police states . 
  well that 's exactly what is happening , judging by the legal trends in both of those countries . 
   he got sucked down a path that has put him in a terrible position and i honestly feel sorry for him . 
  that 's a very passive way to frame it . 
  it 's not his fault and you feel bad for him huh ? 
  this was an inevitable consequence of the immigration and lax attitude towards extremists . 
  i do n't see how smart policies are going to make a difference now . 
  if you had people capable of that then this would n't have become a problem in the first place . 
   mark my words . 
  when the terrorist attacks increase in frequency , people will blame the migrants as a group ( you can not tell an extremist from a moderate , so the only alternative to blaming them is to generalize them all as innocent ) , and ** you will see terrible things happen ** . 
  [ and so it begins ... ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/live/2017/jun/19/north-london-van-incident-finsbury-park-casualties-collides-pedestrians-live-updates ), 
   so what about european countries then ? 
  the us has higher emissions than literally every single one of them , often by 2-3 times . 
  for one , european countries have a much greater proportion of their population concentrated in dense cities than the us does . 
  we drive more , for longer distances , and our fuel is cheaper . 
  we also use more coal , but in return , we enjoy cheaper electricity prices . 
  a non-negligible amount of our emissions come from our massive military , which is of course allowing europe and the rest of the world to make due with less . 
  i 'm not really sure what your point is though . 
  in fact , i 'm not sure why per capita emissions matter whatsoever . 
  is n't the point of all this to avoid reaching a threshold level of co2 emissions where supposedly we can not do anything about some catastrophic change in climate ? 
  so the amount used per person does n't matter , because it is the total amount that we are concerned with . 
  ( besides , we are developed and our population is stable and relatively tiny , so you wo n't see any great increase from us like other regions of the world ) this agreement really has nothing to do with catastrophic climate change ( or whatever its called these days ) . 
  if it did , then we would not let china or india pollute for 13 years while they develop . 
  now people love to say , `` well that 's not fair because the developed parts of the world were able to do that ! '', 
  but who cares about fairness if you are talking about whether we continue to survive as a species or not ? 
  so this agreement is completely useless . 
  imagine if africa ( assuming that it could ) were also allowed to develop just like china and india out of ` fairness ' . 
  with their kind of population growth , any concerns about us pollution would be akin to spilling a glass of water while your house was flooding . 
   i 'm all for it as well , but how would you want to do that ? 
  you 'd have to lower your emissions per unit of gdp by 65 % . 
  i doubt the us is able to do that . 
  sure we could , if that were our goal . 
   okay , you seem to believe that this is an inevitable chain of cause and reaction . 
  i just do n't think it is that simple . 
  just about every policy can have negative side effects . 
  switching to green energy will destroy jobs in the old energy industry and potentially create a backlash . 
  that does n't mean we should not implement that policy . 
  one has to weight the positive and negative consequences against each other . 
  i think it was worth it in this case , you clearly do n't so i do n't expect us to find a common ground here . 
  i do n't think people consider the purpose of any such policy at all .
