  no i mean he was n't radicalized by the internet . 
  he literally fought as a rebel in libya , according to reports . 
  well this guy was n't . 
  that slippery slope is greased by people pretending like they can do nothing and things will be fine . 
  eventually , things are really not fine and people take matters into their own hands . 
  living in a country with a chance of being blown up is the step before ethnic cleansing . 
  do you think resentment is not going to build up the way things are going ? 
  by people coming from that country of origin . 
  wow , so you do understand sarcasm !, 
  jesus you people have no sense of humor . 
  did n't you say i 'm anti-brown people ? 
  you 've already made your mind up about me . 
  right , they target them so often because that 's where they are , where they have support , and where they can blend in . 
  oh , and where the infidels can be found . 
  millions of people does n't count as big ? 
  well sure , if you want to define it to only include the mega-diverse multicultural capitals in order to defend the narrative , go right ahead . 
  obviously the larger your city is , the more likely you are to have muslims in it . 
  why bother ? 
  zero asylum for people from countries with a high risk factor for terrorism . 
  if you absolutely must indulge in your desire to heroically save everyone , do it somewhere in the region instead . 
   and by the way , no amount of refusing immigration will stop these bombings . 
  well that 's a lie . 
  this bomber 's parents were refugees from libya . 
  if you had not taken any refugees , this bombing could not have happened . 
  sure , it does n't stop all bombings from happening , but certainly fewer muslims means fewer opportunities for radicalization . 
  we do n't have nearly the same numbers . 
  the minute we do , we will have exactly the same problems . 
  and yet , poland has no problem with terrorist attacks while countries accepting a muslim minority do . 
  you can continuously repeat notallmuslims , but the fact is that you ca n't have muslim terrorist attacks without them . 
   not even , since the ratio of normal-living muslims to criminal muslims is not 50:50 . 
  that half may not be criminals themselves , but they would be happy to aid them by [ not reporting people involved with isis ] ( http://www.newsletter.co.uk/news/almost-half-of-uk-muslims-would-not-report-someone-with-is-links-1-7708707 ) ... 
  no it 's not ... warsaw is a big city . 
  no terrorist attacks there , because there is no large muslim minority presence . 
  any suspicious looking ahmed would be easily tracked down . 
   states invent a national identity to create a sense of cohesion for better and more efficient control and action . 
  a state is an abstract concept . 
  it ca n't ** do ** anything . 
  what you mean is people got together and decided to codify the values of their culture , often to distinguish themselves from other groups of people they disagreed with . 
  you speak as though states are designed in a laboratory before being disseminated to the masses . 
  even kings did n't have such absolute power over what the state represented , and they had far more control than modern states do over their citizens . 
  plenty of their efforts to reform their societies have been recorded as failures . 
  any successes they had were due to people allowing them to occur . 
  the ultimate test of your theory is communist russia , and we all know how that story played out . 
  you can intimidate people into compliance with anything , but that does n't mean they actually agree with you . 
  if it were possible to mold citizenry the way you believe , then communism would be a workable economic model . 
  why do we have immigration laws ? 
   source ? 
  are you sure are n't you thinking only about the recent refugees ? 
  i think you 're wrong about this but show me where you got this information . 
  recent ( ha , they wo n't even allow me to post this link , great ) , [ past ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-30/refugees-welcome-to-sweden-you-ll-get-a-job-in-a-decade ) , it does n't matter . 
  [ this is mainstream news . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-economics/21709511-too-few-refugees-not-too-many-are-working-europe-refugees-sweden-are ) i never said ban their speech or whatever , just stop taking more . 
  they know that their own people are causing problems . 
  either they will be grateful to stay , or they will feel like outcasts and decide to go home where they are more comfortable . 
  where is the problem here ? 
   oh well , if you think that simply close the borders to any muslim is a perfectly reasonable security measure i 'm glad i 'm helping to block this stupidity . 
  well then i hope you are living in an area where the majority of people think this way , so that you can experience first hand the consequences of this immigration policy . 
  a completely avoidable immigration policy . 
  i 'm going to stick to countries that are safer because they try to do something about it . 
  you , and everyone who thinks like you , have blood on your hands because you wo n't admit the obvious . 
  you are more concerned about people who want to change immigration rules than you are about the safety and future of the people in your own country . 
  every time an attack like this happens , people like me come out and state the obvious and people like you come and tell me how terrible and unjust i 'm being . 
  do you know why we make these posts ? 
  it 's because we 're sick and tired of innocent people getting killed over this stupidity . 
  how many more people are going to have to die before you admit that it 's not going to work ? 
  the politicians bring these people in for votes , and to have an excuse to ask for more power to deal with the inevitable pain that comes with them . 
  at least i can understand that . 
  they may be traitorous scumbags , but at least it 's in their self interest to support this crap . 
  what are you doing it for ? 
  is it the tasty kebabs ? 
  the self-righteous feeling you get from defending the poor , downtrodden third worlders ? 
   so why not charge whoever wrote the law , and everyone did n't change it over time too ? 
  great idea . 
  i would charge the people involved in the 1965 immigration act too , but most of them are n't alive anymore . 
   it means not too much otherwise they could cause problems and ca n't integrate properly , but enough to have an economical gain and do our part when it comes to help less fortunate people . 
  so you agree with me that there should n't be any more muslims ? 
  there are integration issues now , and lots of problems coming from that group . 
  clearly the balance is off . 
  i think you are full of shit though . 
  i do n't believe you would ever say no , since there are always going to be less fortunate people out there . 
  you will continue making excuses for bringing them in while ignoring the damage they are doing . 
  i mean here you are talking about economical gain like you are some kind of economist . 
  you clearly have n't taken five seconds to look into your claim , but you are making it all the same because it serves your agenda . 
  it fits in with your biased view of the world and makes you feel like a good person . 
  not really , most of them are on welfare because they do n't have skills that would be useful in an advanced economy . 
  if it makes them feel better , they can ban me from visiting their countries . 
  i 'm sure many westerners would take that trade . 
  surely they would understand our security concerns ? 
  i always hear that muslim terrorists kill more muslims than anyone else . 
  again , if they are such risks then maybe we should just revoke their citizenships and deport them all ? 
  i was thinking of giving them the benefit of the doubt , assuming they would understand our concerns and appreciate the privilege of living in our countries . 
  they would always be free to return to their home countries if the burden of not having their families present was so great . 
  well , immigration to another country is a privilege . 
  they would have to earn that privilege by showing to us that their societies are compatible with ours . 
  ( funny that you jump to military invasion . 
  i think i know the caricature you believe me to be now ) who said it was impossible ? 
  it 's just a matter of time . 
  in the mean time though , people with your ideas ( judges in this case ) are preventing perfectly reasonable security measures from taking effect and thus risking the lives of regular americans . 
  i think if any terrorism occurs from travelers originating from those countries , then these judges should be charged as accessories to murder . 
  a good balance ?
