  he does n't want to do multilateral deals , and until the eu is its own country , any deal with the eu is multilateral because it involves multiple countries . 
  he shook her hand at their press conference . 
  this was after their meeting . 
  perhaps he did not like what she had to say ... 
  that 's normal . 
  i think you are underestimating what control of the seas does for trade . 
  no , not easily . 
  you ca n't just look at military size , you need to consider supply lines and home field advantage . 
  poland already successfully repelled russia during the polish-soviet war in 1920 , and would have put up serious resistance during ww2 if it were not attacked on both sides by the nazis and the soviets at the same time . 
  i doubt they could get further than the baltics before having trouble . 
  exactly . 
  i find it very strange to describe a child as ' a little shit ' , and if that 's how people are viewing kids then i can understand why they do n't want them . 
  quick , silence him for propagating false informations !, 
   to say that the middle east or turkey is a shithole implies that a ) these countries are inherently primitive or lesser than the west , b ) in some way ` deserve ' the situation they 're in , c ) caused that situation themselves , and d ) are fundamentally incapable of changing it themselves . 
  no , it really does n't imply any of that . 
  it 's a statement about their current status . 
  you can infer any additional meaning if you like though . 
   regarding the individual european countries : germany is strong , france is strong , uk is strong ... but my point is they 're destined to wane and become more irrelevant in the future ( again , long-term here , not tomorrow ) . 
  that 's the point i 'm contending . 
  why is that necessarily so ? 
  there is no need for federalization to be competitive with larger nations . 
  having x number of people or x amount of territory is not what makes you economically strong . 
  the only real concern is the military of larger states , but alliances like nato take care of that problem . 
  i pointed out japan and sk because they are n't periphery states of china , in large part due to us support . 
   the idea of the european nation is deeply rooted in the colective subconscious of its citizens from as early as the xviii century . 
  the problem is how to make it a reality , instead of a vague dream . 
  does n't exist . 
  i mean sure , everyone knows they are european but that alone does n't create any loyalty or bond to anyone else in europe . 
  despite my flair , i 'm also a polish citizen , and there is no way i would want or would the polish people want to have their identity subsumed by a new eu nation state . 
  the cultures are too radically different in europe for that to happen . 
  people always joke about poland being a us vassal over fears of russia but the truth is that poland has more in common culturally with the us than many of its western neighbors . 
   actually no , that is n't bizarre at all . 
  he is painfully unaware of the limitations of his office . 
  if he chooses to base his agenda on ignoring these limitations or pretending they do n't exist , that is entirely his own fault . 
   presidents are still subject to rule of law . 
  no you just do n't understand us law . 
  his travel order was never ` overturned ' , it was just challenged in court . 
  in order to avoid wasting time he worded his order differently . 
  that does n't mean that his order would not have been upheld if it went up to the supreme court . 
  us code is very clear that the president has unlimited power over immigration , but activist judges can try to interfere if they wish . 
  do you consider japan or south korea to be weak ? 
  is germany weak ? 
  or do you just mean in a hypothetical future scenario ? 
  no i 'm not . 
  it seems to me like you are assuming linear progress towards a democratic society given enough resources , which is far from the reality in history . 
  i 'm saying nation building in a place like iraq is really dumb and would not occur no matter what price you pay , because the kinds of things that need to happen to develop an advanced society like the west are internal cultural and societal changes that can not be imposed , and especially not by foreigners . 
  really ? 
  he wiretapped reporters lol , far beyond anything trump has done so far . 
  nope , travel ban is back in place with a new executive order , and work on the wall is progressing . 
  it 's really bizarre to hold him accountable for what judges do to his agenda . 
  regardless of how successful he is , he is doing exactly what he said he would do . 
  those societies were already quite advanced before we destroyed them , so it was no trouble to rebuild with the proper funding . 
  they were not riddled with internal cultural problems , and they had long moved past the clan mindset that dominates the middle east today . 
  you do n't have to trust his word when he is providing sources . 
  libya was pushed by the uk/france and approved by the un . 
  the us reluctantly aided them . 
  the goal was obviously to help france maintain power in africa . 
  if they were just looking for temporary safety , they would n't be heading for germany and sweden . 
  but they are constantly lying . 
  you can evaluate this yourself easily . 
  the media did n't watchdog obama as you are theorizing ... 
  complete nonsense from you again . 
  trump has done exactly what he promised voters that he would do , and he has near majority support on his positions . 
  * a reuters poll shows that [ 49 % of americans agree with his travel ban ] ( http://hotair.com/archives/2017/01/31/reuters-poll-near-majority-agrees-with-trumps-travel-ban-4941/ ) . 
  * a rasmussen poll [ shows this number to be a majority , at 56 % . 
  ] ( https://www.fitsnews.com/2017/01/31/rasmussen-most-voters-support-donald-trumps-executive-order/ ) * rasmussen also shows that [ 51 % support building the wall and 80 % support deporting illegals with a felony . 
  ] ( http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/current_events/immigration/august_2015/voters_want_to_build_a_wall_deport_felon_illegal_immigrants ) * a gravis poll [ shows that a majority want to lower immigration and prioritize americans first for jobs ] ( http://truthfeed.com/new-poll-shows-the-majority-agree-with-trump-on-immigration-want-less-by-6-to-1-margin/14464/ ), 
  that 's [ completely false ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/elections/exit-poll-analysis.html ) . 
  trump won with college educated voters and less educated ones . 
  he also won higher income voters , which obviously correlates with higher education . 
  he even did better with minorities than past republicans . 
  you are just clinging to the narrative that racist redneck whites won him the election , ignoring that he won with independents and disenchanted democrats . 
  but all of those societies already functioned in a civilized way before they were destroyed and rebuilt . 
  two were aggressors at the time , sure , but they had managed to build modern societies at least . 
  i agree , quite shameful . 
  trump mentioned something about getting them to agree to fund a safe zone . 
  hopefully that will succeed . 
  link , if you do n't mind ? 
  i do n't have a stake in the outcome of the french elections but i 'm curious now that a number of people have called her fascist . 
  lie to the public for the ` greater good ' ? 
  sounds like a great start to a successful union . 
  no , poland is against it because it will undermine nato . 
  why ? 
  he basically wants to enforce the laws , bring jobs to the us , and ensure that people are safer . 
  is it just the rhetoric that bothers you ? 
  makes perfect sense though . 
  you can avoid both the ugly pictures and the consequences of inviting them in by ` sharing the burden ' . 
   2015 was the result of europe-wide , systemic failure . 
  not the root of the crisis . 
  that 's a way of not assigning responsibility to anyone , which seems to be the purpose of the eu . 
  one man 's propaganda is another man 's `` quality journalism '' . 
  that 's why the establishment is constantly attacking him as a russian agent lol . 
  their whole game must be to turn the public against him , undermine him at every turn , and then ... profit !, 
  how does liking trump make her a puppet of the us ? 
  yes trump , so extreme . 
   making something more efficient is not giving up sovereignty , especially when it can be reversed at literally any point in time . 
   or what do you think will happen ? 
  those dutch soldiers will suddenly be like `` nah , we prefer staying in the germany military instead ! '', 
   what fantasy is this . 
  no , what will happen is when you decide you do n't like a decision that is being made , you 'll be overruled by some european council .
