  the us is just jealous that they ca n't produce jack crap anymore ( great it and military sectors though obviously , thanks mainly to immigrants though ) . 
  lol toyota in the 80s had to come in and show general motors how to run a car plant . 
  and it 's not just the cars folks . 
  not just the cars . 
  the us has always had high quality products . 
  the problem is that our economy has been structured to where it does n't make any financial sense to manufacture here unless you want to sell to the internal market . 
  the trade deficit that we 've had with japan since ** 1985 ** ( yes , that 's 31 years ) is not random . 
  neither is the deficit with mexico . 
  in the latter case , nafta lowered barriers to trade but did n't account for the 16 % import tax that mexico applied to us products . 
  hey , sounds like the vat tax that you guys have ... in fact , the [ us is one of the very few countries in the world that has no vat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/value-added_tax#/media/file:counties_with_vat_tax.jpeg ) , so we end up as the dumping ground for everyone else 's products . 
  do n't pat the germans or koreans on the head too soon , because it looks like we 're trying to enter the game once again ... 
   in an ideal market it would lead to german 's getting compensated more for their work . 
  because of this german exports should become less competitive and they would increase imports due to higher spending power . 
  honestly i am not sure why this is n't happening and what should be done about it . 
  well , is n't the normal method to reward countries for being stable and efficient to value their currency higher through ratings and subsequent investment ? 
  the reason it 's not happening is because germans are sharing their currency with other , less productive members ; which drags down the overall value of the euro . 
  if your goal is to develop your country as a strong exporter , i do n't think you could develop a better system than the eu . 
  china is doing the same thing , but in a very controlled and obvious way . 
   at what point did i say i was ? 
  i implied the `` other side '' is egregiously guilty of it , but i did n't say i was n't . 
  you implied that you know the truth of what happened in the us because you live here and ` witnessed it first hand ' ( what does this mean ? 
  did you see russian agents here ? 
  ) , and that the internet is full of propaganda . 
  what i 'm saying is , not only do people in the us disagree on what happened , but many consider ` official ' news sources to be propaganda . 
  so how do you know for certain what is true ? 
   it seems like a great irony that the internet - which has made disseminating factual truth and science so easy anyone can be educated on a subject within seconds - is now causing people to believe misinformation , propaganda , and outright `` fake news '' more and more . 
   people seek to confirm their own biases , and their own biases are usually imprinted upon them with whatever news they see/hear first . 
  what makes you think that you 're immune ? 
  if you are n't , then why are you assuming that you know what happened in the us ? 
  are cnn or the new york times fake news , or are they relatively bias-free sources of information ? 
  rallying the citizens against a common external enemy , great tactic . 
  so how do you expect those countries to ever improve , when all of their most rational people are fleeing to the west instead of developing their own countries ? 
  i grew up here . 
  there is no fear of churches silencing speech . 
  even if they disagree strongly with you , no one wants laws that prohibit you from speaking . 
  what is wrong with churches having a voice ? 
  it 's not like their members are n't voting based on their beliefs anyway . 
  relax , i 'm just pointing out who the extra people are because this guy apparently is n't aware of our situation . 
  it 's worse for us because they obviously are n't supposed to be here . 
  in what way ? 
  some random comment by ' a us official ' ? 
  unless there is something official put out by the white house , or some kind of verifiable evidence , i do n't know why anyone would take this at face value . 
  trump is not going to be good or bad for poland in my opinion . 
  approval ratings are not low . 
  his jobs numbers are around 45 % . 
  support for the recent ban is above 50 % . 
  based on what is going on now , he will have eight years . 
  it would take something very drastic and negative to change that . 
  umm , we do have a similar situation . 
  we have millions of illegals here . 
  many people here do n't like seeing ads in languages other than english , and yes , people do advertise in spanish . 
  complete ignorance lol . 
  honestly , i think that 's just natural tribalism . 
  violence is obviously a problem , but you will always have tension when disparate groups are in close proximity . 
  thanks , i forgot to check the author . 
  what is happening to our females ? 
  it 's like they 're being programmed to hate us and destroy the very society that empowers them . 
  what 's surprising about it ? 
  turnbull was trying to get trump to honor a deal that goes against everything he campaigned on . 
  you say that , but they say they [ will comply with the court orders ] ( https://www.dhs.gov/news/2017/01/29/department-homeland-security-response-recent-litigation ) and preibus says they have the authority to stop and question people . 
  so what is the problem exactly ? 
  what do you or him mean by segregated ? 
  we work together , go to school together , etc. 
   despite these problems -- big problems , to be sure , and which certainly require solutions -- the overall direction we were heading was good : toward a multi-racial , progressive , liberal democratic society . 
  thanks for reminding me why i voted for trump . 
  importing incompatible cultures into my society just so you do n't feel racist is selfish and dumb . 
  fuck off and take your progressive values with you . 
  in a perfect world , sure . 
  i would rather the criminal be shot than an innocent person have to suffer because they have no right to protect themselves and need to depend on someone else like the police to come rescue them . 
  who am i shilling for ? 
  lol . 
  i do n't like the eu because the ultimate goal is to wipe out the individual nations . 
  we polish fought for sovereignty for a long time , and i 'm not going to see it disappear because some nerds feel emasculated by the us and want to play superpower too . 
  that thing you are linking to is the u.s. code . 
  that is the current law of the land . 
  it does n't have anything outdated in it . 
  looks like that includes self-defense as well as murders . 
  well no shit , a heavily armed populace with the right to defend themselves with a gun is very likely to do so . 
  i thought this stat was something to be concerned about . 
  i 'm also polish , as in , a european citizen , so actually i have just as much right as you do . 
  i thought your point was that if you were n't in the eu , you risked being pushed around by the us like japan was ... if by pushed around , you mean gets to enjoy a huge trade surplus at our expense , then i 'm sure many countries would like to be pushed around by mine . 
  no more than yours . 
  citation needed, 
  i see this meme repeated a lot , that america is economically dominating smaller countries that it calls partners . 
  tell me , if we 're so economically powerful , then why is it that we have been running major trade deficits since 1980 ? 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  all of our trade partners have been draining us of resources for a long damn time . 
  now that we have someone in charge saying it 's a problem , we are the enemy ... 
  no , you might be right about that . 
  i 'm not saying us lobbies have no negative influence on japan , just that they as a country have benefited massively from trade with us over the years . 
  they did n't join the eu expecting to be swallowed up and formed into a new country . 
  the eu , not europe . 
  you and tusk may think that 's the same thing but many of us do n't . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  look at the trade balance . 
  the us has had anywhere from a 40 to an 80 billion dollar deficit with japan since 1985 . 
  that means they win and we lose . 
  japan has been beating us on trade for decades , and is part of why trump got elected . 
  did you even read what the trade frictions were about ? 
  the complaints were that we could n't get our products into their markets due to restrictions .
