  i wish we had left nato so you might have to actually worry about protecting your own continent instead of preaching from your imaginary moral high ground . 
  ok so you 're just a propagandized troll then ? 
  you do n't even follow what he says . 
   `` crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration . 
  was obama too soft on russia ? '', 
  [ source ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/831846101179314177?lang=en )  * trump expects russia to return crimea to ukraine : white house * [ source ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-ukraine-iduskbn15t2iy )  `` we urge russia to cease its destabilizing activities in ukraine and elsewhere and its support for hostile regimes including syria and iran , and to instead join the community of responsible nations in our fight against common enemies and the defense of civilization itself '' [ source ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-poland-usa-trump-iduskbn19r02q )  do you think the us has treated it 's its allies well lately ? 
  did n't you lot threaten us with a trade war first ? 
  honestly ? 
  western europe can go fuck itself . 
  all you do is bitch about america while expecting protection to be guaranteed . 
  you 're a bunch of ungrateful assholes as far i 'm concerned . 
  wait , what ? 
  you think america is colluding with russia against europe ???? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  so we would throw away all trade relations with one of the largest economies in the world , destroy all partnerships with long time allies , in exchange for ... what ? 
  to get in good with a country we have problems with and which has the gdp of italy ? 
  i totally misunderstood your post ...  edit : addressing your edit , iran is under the sphere of influence of russia . 
  it 's a bit ironic to say you do n't want wwiii than talk about pressuring china . 
  these diplomatic moves that you mention are going to backfire . 
  also `` no proliferation '' ? 
  trump started by saying he wanted to restart the construction of nuclear weapons . 
  `` trade '' , now that 's laughable . 
  the u.s has n't had a clear goal except an inexplicable love for dictatorships for the past few months . 
  pressuring china diplomatically ... russia has more influence with them than we do in many cases since they are neighbors . 
  it 's not proliferation for us to build nuclear weapons , we already have them ... 
  i meant proliferation of nuclear capable countries . 
   keep in mind before you accuse us , that the main concern is that the u.s is far too inexpicably friendly . 
  trump has criticized russia many times . 
  he just did it most recently in his speech in poland . 
  are you aware of this ? 
  or do you selectively filter what he says to fit your confirmation bias ? 
   standing as a democracy that 's a fucking joke . 
  what is that supposed to even mean ? 
  we 're not a democracy anymore if we want to work with russia ? 
  as for the rest , that 's only the case if you believe that russia is the ` enemy ' . 
  i do n't . 
  their government is problematic , but you are not going to solve that by trying to isolate them . 
  i am polish as well as american , and i know the threat they can pose to neighbors . 
  diplomacy with russia would only benefit us . 
  framing them as the enemy hardens their position and limits their ability to give us anything . 
  they are not north korea . 
  there is some reputation they would like to have in the world . 
  poles recognize this too . 
  it 's important to have relations , and also important not to become dependent . 
  speaking from a purely american perspective here , it does n't make any sense for trump to be antagonistic . 
  how would we be risking intelligence cooperation ? 
  i 'm talking about working together on eliminating isis , maybe establishing some trade ties . 
  there is a certain ebb and flow to this . 
  i 'm not suggesting we trust them as well as any other ally ... what they did with ukraine is not good , but not distinctly different from what the us did in syria . 
  ukraine is not in the eu , or a member of nato , and it would be silly to think that it would ever be outside of russia 's sphere of influence . 
  even the eu and germany are turning against the sanctions , and they have a lot more stake in that region than america does . 
  so to sum up what i 'm saying , for the average american , it makes no sense to turn russia into an enemy , while we could get a lot by working to improve our relationship . 
  maybe the eu feels differently , but it does n't appear so judging by comments from germany . 
  everyone meddles everywhere , and that includes russia . 
  that 's the nature of governments , unfortunately . 
  i do n't see why that should stop us from trying to encourage peace and cooperation where it is possible for the benefit of us average people . 
  well like what ? 
  other than from a nuclear attack , russia is no threat to the us . 
  despite the exaggerated news reports , he has no leverage over us . 
  no it 's not . 
  did you see the poll recently ? 
  poles would rather not take any money , or even be in the eu , if it was conditioned on accepting migrants . 
  the idea that just because they take development funds , that they must acquiesce to any future demands that the eu comes up with , is ludicrous . 
  if you actually said that 's how it is to the poles , they would n't take the money . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  hard evidence of what ? 
  he funds organizations that then pay transportation costs for rioters . 
  he will of course claim that he has nothing to do with how they use that money , but he does continue to fund them . 
  if you can only be satisfied with a video of him handing cash over to someone then you 'd never find anyone guilty of anything in politics . 
  nobody with that kind of money is stupid enough to directly implicate themselves . 
   second : that his purpose is to '' inflame racial tensions '' ? 
  speculation on my part . 
  he makes his money on crisis , and he funds groups like black lives matter and hispanic groups like casa de maryland , inc. which go around starting protests . 
  race is just an easy topic to utilize if you want to create unrest in america . 
  i do n't know what his ultimate goals are for doing this . 
  i do know that he has heavily criticized america 's dominant position on the world stage , and probably would like to see it more divided for that reason . 
  i mean , what are you expecting exactly ? 
  he funds the organizations that are behind the riots . 
  he says that although they receive grant money from him , his open society foundation does n't actively run them , and that the protests are spontaneous . 
  the organizations involved cooperate with one another and bus people in from outside of the community . 
  you 're never going to get a direct link from him to the riots , but we know that he 's funding them , and we know what they are doing . 
  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/jan/14/george-soros-funds-ferguson-protests-hopes-to-spur/ https://ladyliberty1885.com/2016/09/27/soros-funded-nc-non-profits-violating-irs-laws-charlotteuprising/ as for individuals , here 's one example : zulema rodriguez . 
  she was paid and she admits that she was in part responsible for what happened in chicago and a protest where they blocked the highway in arizona . 
  peace between two nuclear powers ? 
  access to a resource laden land ? 
  an ally to help pressure china ? 
  limiting the aid and technology given to iran and north korea ? 
  cooperation in destroying isis ? 
  there is much to gain , and little to lose . 
  edit : ok for the people downvoting me . 
  there are only two things trump wants ( or claims to want , if you think he 's evil and is just maintaining a facade ) : 1 ) to protect america , and 2 ) to make it economically vibrant once again . 
  working with russia is important for both of those goals . 
  nobody wants ww3 over ukraine or syria , and russia is a country that i would say is underutilized . 
  it has a lot of potential but is narrowly focused on oil right now . 
  getting on good terms and opening up its market for trade are nothing but good for us . 
  the only danger is the nuclear ambition of iran . 
  we do n't want more proliferation and russia could help with that . 
  there is a high amount of distrust on both sides , but why would we throw away the opportunity to change that ? 
  what stops them from creating a new quota ? 
  that would be a suicidal strategy for a polish politician .
