  the stupid part is that these deals are n't really ` free trade ' anyway . 
  no tariffs on goods going between borders does n't necessarily mean free trade . 
  if china subsidizes its industry , then they will outcompete your domestic ones and buy them out . 
  or mexico will implement a vat and then waive it for exports heading to the us . 
  or germany helps create the eu and undervalues their currency with poorer nations to boost exports . 
  or america forces its businesses to follow regulations to keep our environment clean while chinese companies just dump garbage into the environment and save money that way . 
  all are instances of government involvement changing how competitive industries are . 
  the only way to have true free trade is to make everything identical , ( currency , regulations , etc ) and not just lowering your tariffs to zero . 
  lowering tariffs to zero simply magnifies the other imbalances between your countries . 
   china is making the deals with the asian nations now that was inevitable . 
  they are neighbors and defacto reliant on each other due to geography . 
  what you 're saying does n't make any sense . 
  it would be like if the us did trade with the eu and not with canada or mexico . 
   and if the ttip is also buried , then europe will also turn to china . 
  and unless china becomes a liberal , non-protectionist country , it will be at europe 's expense . 
  have fun watching your industry disappear . 
  tpp was great for corporations , but how is it good for the average worker in the us ? 
  calling people stupid is easy , but they remember the results of nafta and do n't feel like repeating it . 
  if you think tpp would somehow prevent china from influencing it 's neighbors , then i really do n't know what to say ... 
  how is that the american view ? 
  we do n't do well with any of our trade agreements . 
  it 's more like , `` we lose and you win '' . 
  most europeans do n't understand what we 've been dealing with in the states , california in particular . 
  not only do they allow illegals to vote and get driver 's licenses , but now their cities even refuse to enforce basic immigration law . 
  recently there was a case of an illegal getting a $ 190k payout from a court because the police dared to contact the feds about his status . 
  a large part of the problem is that hispanics have infiltrated the legal system and are , as you said , placing tribal loyalty above the law . 
  i do n't see why it would be any different in europe . 
  can you give me an example of a country that has done it well ? 
   do you have any stats that they do ? 
  yeah . 
  anywhere between [ 80-90 % of muslims in america vote democrat ] ( https://www.voanews.com/a/muslim-americans-drifted-democratic-party/3496782.html ) . 
  even when they turned out for bush , it was 70 % . 
  blacks and hispanics in america also vote largely as a block . 
  it 's only whites that are split evenly between the parties . 
   there 's no `` muslim party '' for example they can vote on well not yet perhaps , but there will be . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
   certainly in our elections they did n't , mostly voting along similar lines as other people in the same socio-economic status . 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  well everyone constantly points to america as a great example of integration . 
  we did n't have welfare when that was happening , so only the people who were willing to sacrifice to be part of it stayed . 
  i actually think it 's harder for them to integrate because you give them no reason to do so . 
  the migrants are not european , or legal . 
  it 's really black and white . 
  we should turn the welfare off and see how well they integrate . 
  always on the lookout for those nazis . 
  good man . 
  yeah and it 's a fucking mess . 
  the shootings in chicago now require federal intervention . 
  meet the new europeans !, 
  germany is way more likely to go fascist than the us . 
  nobody is afraid to speak their mind here , and censorship happens voluntarily on private platforms instead of being institutionalized by the government . 
  it 's more likely to happen in europe through growing islamism . 
  really ? 
  i figured christianity was mostly gone in france in favor of secularism . 
  i 'm just using logic . 
  no need to resort to personal attacks . 
  no , it 's just that pure economic output should n't be the only goal in society . 
  slaves are cheap labor , should we go back to that to increase corporate profits ? 
  i do n't agree that asylum is a human right . 
  i think it is a luxury that at times can not be afforded . 
  it has to be balanced with the obvious risk that comes with taking people from unstable regions . 
  at the very least it should always be extremely limited to encourage assimilation . 
  personally , i do n't think it should exist at all unless you are talking about neighbors in extreme crisis . 
  taking people from the other side of the world does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  really ? 
  do you have stats on that ? 
  when they begin to hold strong minorities in the political process and turn democracy into a weapon against you , then we 'll see how you feel about it . 
  one thing i notice about replacement through immigration is that hardly anyone talks about what will happen to immigration laws when muslims become strong enough to change them . 
  the data is going to say more people = more gdp growth , and that 's wonderful for the rich and the politicians . 
  they wo n't have to deal with the problems because they wo n't live anywhere near them . 
  it 's not about hate . 
  i do n't know why people like you keep mentioning that , like you think people on the right are seething with hatred all the time for migrants . 
  politicians ? 
  sure , but people do n't blame the disadvantaged for wanting what western governments are offering them . 
  the reality is they are not like us . 
  if they were , then africa and the middle east would be paradises right now . 
  both regions are rich in resources , richer than many parts of europe , but they fail to civilize even when there are examples to learn from . 
  people do n't want migrants because they do not want their societies to change and more closely resemble that of the migrant 's home countries . 
  is that really so horrible ? 
  how can you even talk about cultures if you do n't generalize ? 
   he 's has acted in a hostile manner to countries that we are friendly with . 
  how so ? 
  by wanting to improve trade deals ? 
  speaking honestly about how other countries take advantage of america ? 
   he has been divisive rather than unifying on domestic matters . 
  nonsense . 
  he has tried everything to unify since the election . 
  go read his speeches , listen to his words . 
  he has always talked about what is best for americans , not republicans , and has included lgbt , blacks , hispanics , the poor and working class , etc. 
   he has attacked the press -- something that directly opposes the jeffersonian tradition of holding that press oversight of administration is essential -- and attempted to undermine those outlets . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  have you ever looked at what the situation was like back then ? 
  trump 's comments are positively puritan compared to the kind of things that would be said in the papers . 
  presidents back then have literally imprisoned members of the press and even judges , not to mention outright ignored them . 
  i mean if you are seriously trying to say he is undermining american tradition , then you do n't know much about it . 
  the point of the press was to be a check on government power . 
  men of that time would be horrified to see what the press has become today , which is basically the 4th branch of government , in the way they suck up to the establishment politicians . 
   he has abused his office in attempting to undermine investigations . 
  what a joke . 
  no one is trying to undermine an investigation .
