  yes , which is why i do n't waste time saying dumb things like ` their goal is to create fear ' , which is so broad as to be meaningless . 
  a horror film 's goal is to create fear in the minds of its viewers and we do n't consider that to be terrorist activity ...  they do not care about killing irrelevant numbers of infidels and they do not care about making our lives hell . 
  of course they do . 
  it serves their larger goals . 
   you think everything that 's rational is always wise to do ? 
  that just because something is a `` normal '' reaction means that it can never be inappropriate ? 
  what 's wrong with having a normal reaction to a situation like this ? 
  have you taken a second to think that maybe it 's ok to be afraid of that which is scary ? 
  telling people to do the opposite of what comes naturally to them without any good reason for it does n't make sense to me . 
  i mean you are basically trying to pacify people and normalize terrorism for them . 
  why , i ca n't say exactly , but it is pretty disturbing . 
  how are they not known for being bastions of western values ? 
  poland had the second constitution in the world after america , first in europe . 
  it was one of the most liberal societies in all of europe even hundreds of years ago . 
  i mean , i do n't even have to try and compare it to turkey because we all know how insulting that is given it 's current state ... 
  but fear is a perfectly rational response to the situation . 
  i do n't see how they lose if you turn off your awareness of the danger . 
  they still get to kill the infidels and make your life hell even if you pretend it does n't bother you . 
  and really , their goal is not fear , their goal is to convert the world to their way of thinking . 
  your statement seems to be a platitude designed to comfort yourself when these attacks happen , a way of not doing anything but feeling like you are doing something at the same time . 
  i 'm fascinated by how your brain works in such a way that you do n't see a difference between the values of a muslim and those of a westerner/christian . 
  do you think there 's no difference between an eastern european country and a muslim country ? 
  because that 's the only way your statement could be true . 
   most american lurkers think ee is some kind of muslim-free heaven lol , it is . 
  but india has a third of the poorest people in the world . 
  how do you know rising living standards are responsible for the decline , and not something like limited resources ? 
  keep in mind that when you see that india 's gdp is rising however much , that 1 % of their population owns 60 % of the wealth . 
   the tendency for societies to have fewer children as they become richer appears to be universal across races , religions and ethnicities . 
  and your proof for this is what ? 
  oh yeah , because it happens in already established western and asian societies . 
  that does n't prove that africans or arabs can establish the same societies themselves . 
  downvote me all you want , but western societies have been throwing money and attention at africa for decades with no result . 
  i disagree . 
  investment in africa will only enable more population growth . 
  i mean , do you think there is not investment going on now ? 
  why is there population growth at all ? 
  pouring money into the region is not going to make it the equivalent of europe , so why would they stop coming ? 
  the current approach is too profitable maybe ? 
  i know in the us at least , the federal government is paying churches and various religious organizations to bring muslim migrants into the country . 
  they basically get them here and sign them up for welfare , and then wash their hands of them . 
  i imagine something similar is going on here , since this activity is so obviously self-destructive if you look to the future . 
  money can buy blindness in the present . 
  one factor you are not considering is what happens when muslims become a significant enough minority to affect political policy , at which point they will almost certainly relax immigration restrictions for their family members and friends left behind in other countries . 
   those current rates are n't going to continue because they are mostly fueled by unrest in the middle east , rates will drop and maybe even reverse when the war in syria ends and that 's very ... optimistic . 
  unrest is not going to end because the war in syria ends . 
   it 's easy to make the moral case for picking up these migrants and bringing them safely across the med . 
  i do n't think there is a moral case ... there is certainly a ` feel good about yourself while actually doing nothing useful ' bullshit case , but that 's nothing that should be entertained if you care at all about the future of where you live . 
  as an american , i 'm in favor of it . 
  there is no more russian threat for germany and you guys like inviting islamists so having bases there is really pointless . 
  i voted for him . 
  i feel great about it and i like that he presented a bill for services rendered . 
  we 'll see the outcome later . 
  i 'm only disappointed that he has so many disloyal republicans to contend with to get anything done . 
  wow , so you guys are still pushing that dead meme huh ? 
   are you sure that you know what federalism entails ? 
  yeah , it entails the transfer of power that used to be local to a centralized authority , which results in your country being nothing more than a name , a territory of the new sovereign . 
  how do you think the efficiency comes about ? 
  there is one standard and it 's not yours . 
  confront how ? 
  are you expecting a us invasion of lithuania soon ? 
  no , it 's the elimination of competition and cooperation because the entities involved have now been erased . 
  right , and the fear is that they will become eu politicians , and then the countries that have thus far avoided these immigration problems will no longer have any ability to do so . 
  i chose trump and he won according to the rules of our democratic process , so i 'm pretty happy with my attitude towards democracy . 
  thanks . 
  of course this is / r/europe , so i 'm going to be told what is happening in my own country lol . 
   and really , how would it help to have this information ? 
  aside from empowering racists , how would we benefit ? 
  the best people still rise to the top regardless . 
  well , you could end affirmative action programs . 
  i mean if the difference in outcome between races is genetic , then the talk of racial discrimination being the cause of any disparity would end . 
  that would save humanity a lot of grief , but sure , let 's not `` empower the racists '' , since that is the largest problem we face in society today . 
  as far as ` best people rising to the top ' tell that to asians who get penalized by ivy league universities for doing better than other races on entrance exams . 
  you are one of those nerds that thinks playing civ makes them an expert in world affairs . 
  you are n't even responding to me , you are literally responding to the version of me that you made up in your head lol . 
   you advocated it , and when pressed on how vile torture is , you said it was n't going to happen . 
  when it was said that even suggesting it was vile , you switched subjects . 
  you are morally bankrupt . 
  there 's nothing else to say . 
  no , i said what is the point in whining about something that he 's not even going to do ? 
  that 's like complaining about the nukes that he 's not going to launch . 
  it only makes sense to a crazy person . 
  that makes me `` morally bankrupt '' ? 
  / eyeroll  you said that vaccines were made-up reread what you quoted . 
  i was n't saying vaccines were made up , i was saying that the idea that he is against vaccines is completely fabricated . 
  show me a quote where he says he is completely against vaccines , or against protecting the environment . 
   although it 's still nice to have the acknowledgement that it 's so moronic that the only way you can keep that double think working is by saying it 's my joke . 
  it 's convenient , is n't it ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   it 's almost funny how brazen your dishonesty is , you have to cut apart the post of the person you 're directly quoting and responding to . 
  especially , when i posted sources in a post right above that . 
  if you are representative of the sanity of french people , then your country is fucking doomed . 
  no , he was very clear . 
  no more nation building , but we do need to clean up the mistake that we are responsible for ( isis ) . 
  if he begins talking about deposing assad , then feel free to label him a hypocrite . 
  his point about the oil was that leaving it as a source of income for terrorists was really dumb , and it would have been better to let our companies develop the fields and recoup some of the expense of the war . 
  we got nothing out of it , unless you were a military contractor ... obama armed the ` moderate rebels ' and aggravated the conflict in order to avoid having america directly involved on the ground . 
  that was a predictable disaster . 
  trump is having to clean up after him . 
   torture and torturers are vile , and i thought we got that clear after the bush era . 
  well it 's not going to be implemented , so what does it matter ?
