where is the epidemic of christian terrorists ? 
  how many people has the kkk killed recently ? 
  have the buddhists ever bombed a plane , or a church ? 
  do you have no sense of proportionality ? 
  should there ever actually be a problem with those groups , then obviously i would feel the same way , but you know as well as i do that there is no comparison , muslims constitute the vast majority of perpetrators . 
  i 'm genuinely shocked that you did n't bring up anders breivik , the usual character you guys like to hide behind when defending muslims . 
  as for the ` moderate muslims ' , what are they doing to solve the problem ? 
  how is it possible that someone like salah abdeslam can hide in his old neighborhood in molenbeek for months while being the most wanted man in europe ? 
  are all of the muslims in molenbeek radicals , or are the moderates simply not interested in turning in a fellow believer for strictly adhering to the faith ? 
  the truth is that if moderate muslims believed the terrorism was a real problem worth solving , it would be easy for them to fix it . 
  they could just turn in anyone that they knew to be radical . 
  the reason they do not ? 
  because it is us vs them in their eyes , even if you do not see it that way . 
  betraying a fellow muslim to an infidel is unthinkable . 
  and who cares about the moderates ? 
  it was their country and their problem until people like yourself made it your country 's problem . 
  it 's not our responsibility to bring peace to the middle east . 
  imposing democracy from the outside clearly does n't work , so the only way forward is for them to fix it themselves . 
  if they manage to do that , then great , i 'll be all for them , but their track record over the centuries has been abysmal ... ( how much of africa or the me used to be christian and is no longer ? 
  have christians done the same thing to muslims in any country ? 
  yeah i fucking thought so . 
  there goes your poor comparison ) you said it yourself in another post :  isis only exists because of ideological support from other muslims . 
  does europe have 750 million border guards that can go into germany and deport them ? 
  they are dying at the hands of other muslims , because their ideology is shit . 
  they are the reason this scourge on humanity exists . 
  once they drop it and join the rest of the civilized world , i take no issue with them . 
  they can be atheist , christian , buddhist , whatever . 
  it 's not like we 're short on alternatives . 
  i think you 're a naive person willing to let a lot of people die in order to hang on to your ideal view of the world . 
  for the terrorists ? 
  no , they can burn in hell . 
  or maybe because i have some empathy for the victims . 
  their deaths were not accidents and should not be treated that way . 
  it 's not some wizardry of the jihadists that makes me think so , it 's the reality of what is happening and how preventable it was . 
  what 's ` wow ' about it ? 
  the attacks are already more frequent . 
   no , no they do n't matter . 
  they are pedestrians and if they died by any other means nobody would bat a fucking eye . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  you care more about upsetting muslims than innocent people being killed by them . 
  i remember germans telling me that deporting people would n't be a problem . 
  after letting in close to a million ? 
  how could it not be ? 
  sweden was just attacked . 
  is there any islamophobia there ? 
  did anyone blame the muslims as a group ? 
  so when future terrorist attacks happen anyway , because really , they just want to kill all the non-believers , what are you going to say ? 
  you need to work on your story now because the attacks are going to pick up in frequency and you do n't want to be caught off guard without an excuse for them . 
  how ? 
  no one has a right to immigrate anywhere . 
  end all muslim immigration , immediately , and work on integrating the ones you already have . 
  running a bizarre social experiment like this immigration policy is not fair to future generations . 
  people were given a great society and are handing their children a pile of shit to deal with . 
  if so , i think that 's great , but in this timeline we 'll only know how trump reacts . 
  i 'm happy with my vote , i can tell you that . 
  well yeah , she was . 
  a no fly zone where you are threatening to shoot down russian planes is not comparable to destroying an airfield that was used to carry out a chemical attack in syria . 
  slow down , there is no regime replacement going on just yet . 
  the airfield that the supposed attack originated from was targeted and destroyed . 
  that 's it . 
  this was a warning , not the start of a war . 
  that 's not incorrect though . 
  there is no other ` america ' that it could be confused with . 
   disagree . 
  i do n't believe that panic in the population is necessary for its governments to intervene against terrorist organisations . 
  we are extremely happy to intervene in the middle east in particular . 
  i 'm sorry but are you using the current state of things as evidence to support your argument ? 
  because i remember that one of the top issues this election was terrorism , so people are clearly concerned about it . 
   as long as you acknowledge that they wish to create fear , pretending that fearing them does not play into their hands is actively unhelpful . 
  the wish to create fear , and they do . 
  pretending like they do n't does n't accomplish anything . 
  i really do n't understand this ` playing into their hands ' meme . 
  if i take a stick and poke you , causing you to feel pain and shout , are you ` playing into my hands ' because i want you to feel pain ? 
  does pretending that it does n't bother you achieve anything ? 
  i mean you might think you are depriving the torturer of something vital by doing that , but maybe he likes making you squirm all the same . 
   no it does n't ? 
  the amount of people who die in almost every terror attack is smaller than the amount of net population change in the day that terror attack is carried out . 
  removing a few hundred people from europe is completely irrelevant , lol . 
  terrorist attacks only serve the goals of groups like isis indirectly . 
  the immediate impact ( dead people ) means nothing to them . 
  `` it serves their ** larger ** goals ''  the fact that the enemy wants you to have that reaction , perhaps ? 
  why are you so content to give isis what they need ? 
  yeah i do n't really see how that matters . 
  next you are going to tell me that if we kill them , they win , because that just makes them martyrs for the cause lol . 
  seems like you just want to create no win situations . 
   the good reason is obvious . 
  then you should have no trouble elucidating it . 
   ask yourself what creating fear hopes to achieve , then realise that not letting that fear manifest stops those things being achieved . 
  whatever clever thing you think you are achieving by doing that , i suspect is not actually accomplishing much . 
  it reminds me of those monks in the mountains that use meditation to try and avoid feeling cold . 
  that 's great for the masters i guess , but normal people are just going to shiver and then go put on a coat . 
  what ? 
   it is easily the best way to shut it down outside of simply utterly eradicating the group that engages in it , and even then it 's arguably superior to that because particularly in the middle east , killing one group has proven to simply be a way of delaying the threat . 
  in what way ? 
  i mean you say it 's not a platitude , and then you just give me the same statement with nothing supporting it . 
  here 's a counter argument : ignoring your rational fear of isis emboldens them to carry out greater attacks without concern over reprisal , because people are cowed and not demanding it from politicians . 
  have you considered that in your in-depth analysis ? 
   why ? 
  because creating fear is useful for them . 
  do you have no idea at all why that may be ?
