and be on the opposite side of the road to the remainder of the uk , and ireland ? 
  there 's never going to be support for that . 
  and besides that , the costs of completely redesigning the country 's road networks , traffic lights , road markings . 
  that and every scottish car owner having a lhd vehicle . 
  i 'd like ireland , and the uk to be rhd too , but it 's really not that viable . 
  i realised after writing this that you might have said that in jest but i 've spent too long writing this to just click cancel . 
  you could say i am , yes . 
  but simply because i have nothing else to say to you . 
  your english reading comprehension is just fucking terrible . 
  and couple that with the fact that you 're a racist and i could n't really give a shit what you have to say . 
  troll elsewhere , you stupid cunt . 
  in the off chance that you actually are n't a troll ( which i highly doubt you are . 
  nobody can genuinely be this stupid . 
  ) , [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zcf59/james_bond_star_sean_connery_urged_his_fellow/cfsnhhl ), 
  on the contrary ? 
  your reading comprehension is terrible . 
  i said `` i was mistaken '' . 
  go back and read my comment again . 
  it is about the past when you call the irish people `` southern irish '' . 
  because the past is where shit like the sort coming out of your mouth belongs . 
  south irish ? 
  i was mistaken . 
  but at least i 'm not a undereducated xenophobic cunt . 
  actually , fuck this . 
  there 's far too much wrong with your post for this to be even worth the effort . 
  you belong in the past . 
  except the yes campaign is winning . 
  so that is n't working too well . 
  edit : i am mistaken . 
  but 35-40 and rising is far from `` blowing itself out of the water '' . 
  so a country with a gdp only slightly lower than new zealand can not exist without using the gbp ? 
  you have n't a clue what you 're on about . 
  that is not a selfie . 
  does it look like the girls are taking the picture ? 
  he misused the word so that gives us all permission to act like idiots and misuse it also ? 
  these are not selfies . 
  how would you even think that these people are taking the photos themselves ? 
  while i appreciate what you 're saying , he is right . 
  because the way it 's taught in this country is fucking stupid . 
  i learnt more in the one year after my leaving than i ever did in my 13 years of leaning it in school . 
  all i ever learnt in irish in school is how to learn off 30 a4s of shit that i do n't understand a word of . 
  no welsh or scottish ... or maybe cornish ? 
  your comment history is disgusting . 
  braveheart was a good movie , yes . 
  but it was far from correct . 
  it was a work of fiction based loosely on two countries who fought a series of wars against each other . 
  displaying the right country as having won each battle is probably the furthest braveheart hits on the truth . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braveheart#historical_inaccuracy, 
   shitheads  sh@t why ? 
  it 's a shame most of ireland 's forested land is commercial conifers and not native trees . 
  level-headed ? 
  from what i 've heard , the german tv station broadcast of eleague , the counter-strike : global offensive league was cancelled due to the media drawing links between it and the shooter considering he happened to have played it . 
  excuse me if this is only an isolated overreaction , but that does n't seem very level-headed to me . 
  [ here ] ( http://csgo.99damage.de/de/news/42357-prosieben-maxx-stellt-eleague-show-ein ) is the article . 
  i may very well be wrong . 
  like bavaria is `` pretty similar '' to the rest of germany , yeah ? 
  well , she was as morally bankrupt as maggie . 
  while i thought some of the more unfortunate germanifications in the video were fun , i hate prescriptive linguistics . 
  when english adopts a word , it rarely keeps it the same . 
  it moulds it into an english word . 
  of course german should do the same . 
   heck  dude something tells me you are n't from ireland . 
  any way ? 
  yes , completely . 
  one of the terms of the [ good friday agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement ) back in '98 was that if it appeared a majority of the north supported a united ireland , there would be a referendum held in both the north and the south , of which the result would be legally binding . 
  as for religion , it is n't really that much of an issue nowadays as far as i 'm aware . 
  people come from nationalist or unionist backgrounds but i feel as if most of the younger generation prioritise stability and prosperity to sectarian division . 
  this referendum has ` converted ' many soft unionists who supported unity with gb for economic reasons ( already gaining most of what they would gain through reunification by both the republic and the uk 's membership in the eu ) and so today you see calls for a border poll . 
  it 's still a contentious issue as there are still a lot of people in the north who are staunchly unionist , but there has been no better time for united ireland sentiment . 
  it 's all early days anyway . 
  they 'll likely leave the vote till after the scottish independence referendum as that is pretty much a sure-thing and its success will call into question the function of the uk and its governance of the north . 
  yeah . 
  but they 're also once again facing a border being erected , dividing families and communities , and affecting those who work , travel , trade , and shop across the border . 
  ( thank you ) , 
  the dup have made their bed . 
  now they have to sleep in it . 
  i appreciate the sentiments , but it 's \u00c9irinn go br\u00e1ch . 
  erin go bragh is an anglicisation . 
   i am afraid i would be too , my friend . 
  disclaimer : just lighthearted banter . 
  yeah that 's the one i read . 
  surprised i had n't heard of it till now considering i learnt german in secondary school . 
  i 'm jealous that ye have a unique name for the day . 
  silvester is far superior to `` new year 's eve '' . 
   silvester thought this was a funny typo . 
  til silvester . 
  that cover is horrendous . 
  amazon 's european headquarters are in ireland and yet i 'm stuck here having to choose between amazon.co.uk and amazon.de . 
  bit mad really . 
  it 's possible we will change our choice to english and make irish an co-official eu language like scottish gaelic and welsh are ( for now ) . 
  edit : i 've also read that ireland would have to accept any changes to the official eu languages so we could just not do that . 
  not sure about that point though . 
  edit 2 : or maybe the austrians could take one for the team ? 
  actually , countries can only notify one language to be an official language of the eu . 
  and because english was already notified by the uk , ireland notified irish . 
  as malta notified maltese . 
  soon , my friend . 
  soon . 
  calm down now . 
  we all know what happened last time .
