  the most active posters are two conspiracy theorists from north america , one of them being an anti-semite and non-russian . 
  the rest are just russians living in the anglosphere or germany . 
  so no , / r/russia on reddit is not an example of russian people or russia . 
  just as / r/europe is not a glistening example of everyone in the eu , its just a collection of rapidly pro-eu socially liberal teenagers . 
  another strawman . 
  you live in a cornfield or something ? 
  crimea has been part of russia for centuries , majority of population is russian or russian-speaking ukrainian . 
  vladimir the great converted to christianity there and brought orthodoxy to all of rus . 
  its cities are russian in name . 
  its as russian as moscow or novgorod . 
  ca n't say the same for any part of poland , the baltics , or central europe . 
  stop implying that i will . 
  i do n't think i have to explain this shit to you . 
  i 'm sure you already know this . 
   then again , some of your compatriots wo n't need to be further reassured by rt , russia 24 , etc. 
  that those countries belong to russia like who ? 
  get out of here with this crap . 
  if that is n't a massive shitpost , then i do n't know what is . 
  disregard history , facts , etc and imply i believe the same about half of eastern europe . 
  each and every single region you listed is n't comparable at all . 
  its just a giant strawman . 
  crimea is russian and it will always be . 
  ukrainians , americans , and europeans can kick and scream all they want . 
  a historical injustice was corrected . 
  b-but muh roads ? 
  we all know western europeans base their identity off of nationality/citizenship these days while eastern europe is still very ethnocentric . 
  i never said in germany but in france , italy , spain and uk ? 
  im sure there is a lot of cases of hate crimes and confusion/ignorance . 
  a european military alliance would actually be good for russia . 
   those people will either be german in a few years or will know why they are not . 
  saying that gypsies who have lived in romania for decades or were even born in your country are not romanian is just you being racist . 
  simple as that . 
  their nationality is romanian , however their ethnicity is romani . 
  calling them romanians is inaccurate and confuses people . 
  they are not ethnic romanians and a lot of the hate towards romani get directed towards romanians because of the western confusion over these concepts . 
  its you who is just being ignorant of these concepts . 
  not really . 
  western media has been claiming it was an inside job and jet fuel cant melt apartment buildings for nearly a decade . 
  looked like a scene from a shitty bollywood action film, 
  do you even need the / s for that one ? 
   you 're talking to someone who lives in a federation containing many mutually unintelligible languages so are you . 
  everyone in the republics can speak fluent russian . 
  85 percent of canadians can speak english despite the fact that only 65 percent of them use it at home regularly . 
  36 percent of people in quebec can speak english !, 
  can you say the same for italy and german ? 
  we are talking about european continent as a whole . 
  the situation is not even similar . 
  60 million brits who speak english , 80 million germans who speak german , 60 million french who speak french , 40 million poles who speak polish , 60 million italians who speak italian . 
  thats not going to work . 
  its the soviet unions situation minus the hundreds of years of russian empire and hundreds of millions of more people who cant understand each other . 
  russian federation is proof that such a thing exists - i never said it could n't . 
  however , population plays a big part in all of this . 
  its just not feasible with all of eu . 
  germany and other germanic/nordic states could work . 
  there is also the issue of language . 
  most of these languages are not mutually intelligible and it would be impossible to force everyone on the continent to learn a second language for communications sake . 
  then there is the issue of ethnic/religious conflict . 
  serbia and croatia in the same state again ? 
  it would just be a mess and is simply not possible . 
  we are talking about several hundred million people that speak dozens of different languages and have distinct cultures . 
   heck , the u.k. is a unitary state with multiple ethnic identities . 
  well , everyone in the uk speaks fluent english and english/english-derived language speakers are majority in every single region . 
  look maybe it could work , but you would have to build something very similar to soviet union in structure . 
  ( which already had a headstart thanks to the centuries-old russian empire it replaced ) and no one , especially former eastern bloc states , wants that . 
  this pandering to our conspiracy theorists is no different than when rt panders to american 9/11 truthers . 
  pros would be faster decision making , much more efficient legislative system , strong military , independent foreign policy cons would be mass unrest , destruction of european nation statehood , reduction of sovereignty for the member states , destruction of various ethnic identities in favor of civic nationalism/identity . 
  if the eu continues to federalize , you might see a large number of eastern european member states attempt to leave . 
  when you talk about federalizing , are you talking about creating a united states of europe or union of democratic european republics or something like that ? 
  or am i misunderstanding something ? 
  its just realpolitik bro . 
  thats the way things worked , especially back then . 
  you lost both wars , signed the treaties and are doing fine without the land . 
  why are you still butthurt over it ? 
   keypoint here : with her russian huspand . 
  well , actually they were never married . 
  i just say husband because thats kind of what everyone in the family says . 
  he was more of her lover . 
  most of her family were just karelian and were never touched by soviet authorities . 
  i still have distant relatives in karelia today who identify as karelian but they only speak russian . 
  i was born in karelia but we moved out to western siberia in like the early 90s . 
  the reason why those people left , and i dont know what tales they told the finns in finland , is because the soviet union was a land supposedly plagued by bolshevik terror and starvation . 
  stories about this ( which were more or less true ) also led to creation of fascist by the disillusioned left-winger mussolini . 
  i never said vyborg was under finnish occupation . 
  ( the city that was under occupation was petrozavodsk and most of russian karelia ) its doing good , a lot of people from peter are moving out there to avoid the clutter that is the big city . 
  still not as pretty as novgorod . 
   being not finnic had very little to do with it . 
  being a citizen of an oppressing warmonger was pretty much all it took . 
  what is up with you and just making shit up ? 
  the karelian and finnic citizens of the soviet union in what is modern-day republic of karelia were never interned and were never discriminated against under finnish occupation . 
  it was only russians and belarusians . 
  they were in fact giving elevated status and allowed to roam where they pleased while slavs were being thrown into camps and put under house arrest . 
   your maps show , like you said , before ww2 territories . 
  compare to current ones and voila , you 'll see a fuckton of finnish land under what is now russia . 
  an isthmus , a coast of a lake , and 2 slithers of arctic land . 
  you occupy a major northern city and most of east karelia , which was never part of your state . 
  ( this is proof that what you said before , it not being occupation , is a lie )  it 's true that finns left karelia `` willing '' ( and strongly supported by the government ) . 
  it was not free will type of willing tho , as ussr was taking over the land . 
  land and cities which it then let crumble . 
  let crumble ? 
  a year later the axis ( and finland ) invaded the whole country and left nothing but ruins in their path .
