  hey , what goes around comes around baby . 
  america is far from the richest country in the world lol . 
  it has good living standards , but not the best . 
   i do n't see usa anywhere in that article , so why are you even bringing up superior countries ? 
  superior in what ? 
  weight ? 
  muh 20 gorillion airbenders get over it . 
  germany was generating massive amounts of butthurt in the belt before ww2 , especially in baltic states . 
  well , you said the native language of england is n't english when it is ... 
  the native people of england are the english . 
  their ethnogenesis occurred on the island under alfred the great right ? 
  the people themselves are descendants of romano-celts who simply adopted the anglo-saxon language , customs , and religion . 
  im basing this off of the extensive reading i 've done . 
  welsh has around 600-700 thousand people who can speak the language and around 430 thousand who can speak , read , and write . 
  thats better than most languages in the volga region . 
  how else are we going to remember major butthurt belt cities once the russian army has leveled it all ? 
  poland is not multilingual , there are no sizable linguistic minorities . 
  that was an issue that was solved after ww2 , you should know that . 
  belarus is bilingual , and it has two official languages . 
  in russia , the federal language is russian however we are a ethnocentric federation with many republics with many official languages along with russian . 
  we are de-jure multi-lingual . 
  germany is also a federal republic . 
   what point a massive chunk of population means that my dump ass ca n't understand ? 
  read your fucking posts , you have been using terms that you do not know the meaning of and basing your entire argument on it . 
  you do not know what you are talking about , you are creating strawman arguments left and fucking right . 
  im done talking to you and your single-digit iq . 
  does n't mean anything ? 
  there are only 3,000,000 people in lithuania . 
  400,000 of them being polish or russian is pretty fucking significant . 
  that is a massive chunk of the population . 
  you 're a legit dumbass . 
  you really do n't fucking know what de-facto means ? 
  i just told you , and you still refuse to understand . 
  its like i 'm having a reddit conversation with a fucking wall . 
  de-facto - reality de-jure - legal/on paper the number of citizens of wapoopadaland is 3,000,000 , however only 2,895,000 people live within its borders currently . 
  that means the de-jure population is 3,000,000 while the de-facto population is 2,895,000 . 
  lithuania is de-jure monolingual , as the only national language of the country is lithuanian . 
  however , almost 400,000 people in the country speak polish or russian as their native language . 
  ( with many of them being unable to speak lithuanian ) . 
  lithuania is de-facto multilingual . 
  fucking get it now ? 
  it has very little to do with population percentage or numbers . 
  lithuanian and latvian i find to be somewhat easy to learn , although i have n't gotten down to really studying them . 
  it is related after all . 
  by my logic ? 
  no , i am talking about finno-ugric languages like estonian . 
  because i am talking to an estonian user . 
  7.2 percent of the population of lithuania speak russian , however not all are russian . 
  ( some are belarusian and ukrainian ) you are basing your percentage on ethnic russians . 
  around .4 percent of the population also speak belarusian/ukrainian as their native language . 
  do the math : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_lithuania#languages  proof about 13 % please and not that still does not make polish or russian de facto language in lithuania . 
  de facto would be the majority spoke it lmao , de-facto means nothing of the sort . 
  de-facto means regardless of right or whats on paper . 
  facts on the ground ( the opposite of de-jure ) you seem to have a habit of responding to my posts in this thread , however i do n't think you are actually fucking reading them . 
  i was specifically talking about estonian , and the foreigners you are probably talking about are most likely upper-class people from western societies . 
  79 % of lithuanian poles polled ( 2011 ) said that polish was their native language . 
  people who do not speak lithuanian as their native language make up 13 % of the population . 
  thats not enough for you ? 
  how are you measuring this ? 
  butthurt belt dweller being butthurt on the internet . 
  news at 11 . 
  my whole post ? 
  perhaps you should get your eyes checked . 
  im speaking from not just experience but from facts . 
  finnish , estonian , and hungarian are insanely hard to learn from russian perspective ( and english ) . 
  i can expect the upper classes within russian community to learn the language but do you really expect the average russian guy or even gopnik to attempt to become fluent in it ? 
  caucasians have been living in russian state for centuries , and many of them still speak absolutely inadequate russian with heavy accents . 
  its how you approach it and how you blend it with education that actually matters , not how long a group has been living in a country . 
  you still ca n't seem to understand de-facto and de-jure terms . 
  you are really not picking up what i am putting down and you seem to be misinterpreting what i am saying in . 
   umm ... like there are many nationalities in the country speaking many languages ? 
  it 's like that in every country in the world . 
  the state itself is not bi - or multilingual if it has one official language . 
  germany has a lot of turkish and arabic migrants . 
  it 's still not a bi - or multilingual country . 
  if the three million turks and arabs in germany all speak their native languages , then germany is de-facto a multilingual country . 
  there are many german politicians who openly address parts of the population in foreign languages on social media . 
   to even be a government representative , you need to be a citizen . 
  to be a citizen , you need to speak the official language . 
  therefore , if there 's information directed at citizens , it 's only logical it 's in the official language . 
  simply address everyone in a language many can not understand . 
  that is not ignoring the linguistic situation on the ground ? 
   they 've had over 25 years to do that . 
  perhaps you should take into the account the language you are talking about . 
  finno-ugric languages are some of the hardest to learn for people who speak indo-european , and especially slavic languages . 
  i took a class in finnish , and around 3/4 the people dropped out because it was simply too difficult . 
  educating hundreds of thousands of russians in estonian ( for example ) in 25 years is simply not feasible . 
  the only group that is to blame is the government and education system . 
  a very similar situation occurs in ireland . 
  gaelic is taught in an absolutely shitty way . 
  you said the baltic states are monolingual on a state level . 
  ( meaning de jure ) however , the actual demographic statistics of those states indicate that the countries are de-facto ( meaning regardless of right , law , policy , etc. 
  facts on the ground ) multilingual . 
  ( for example , in lithuania there are three languages spoken by the population : lithuanian , polish , and russian . 
  however , the only national language of lithuania is lithuanian . ), 
  forcing government representatives to only use a language that a good chunk of the populace ( which they represent ) do not understand is just attempting to ignore a demographic reality . 
   this is called language policy , not ignoring reality . 
  yes , russian is widespread in certain regions of baltics , but it 's not officially recognized on state level . 
  what do you not understand about ** de-facto ** ? 
  the baltic states are de-facto bilingual and multilingual .
