how un-american of you . 
  now i 'm not going to argue the `` facts '' that you just put out . 
  someone already doing that . 
  the people that i see claim russia is a superpower are usually americans , trying to justify further expansionism by inflating `` threats '' . 
  but thats just my experience . 
  i 've never really met anyone here that believes russia to still be a superpower . 
  you live life in soviet times and in the 90s and you can really feel the difference . 
  no country is perfect , at all . 
  america is a retarded , racist , overweight , decadent shithole where science , knowledge , and rationalism go to die . 
  despite all of that , the country and its people still see themselves as exceptional and even created a religion based around their delusions . 
  ( which is pathetic , honestly . ), 
  theres literally nothing positive you can say about its society , people , or culture . 
  its quite obviously fake in its entirety . 
  the only impressive thing about the country is its economy , which is built upon the manipulation of the declining european states and post-ww2 global economic situation . 
  not a single point in the country 's history has ever been marked by a historic humanitarian success . 
  in fact , its history is littered with genocide , ethnic cleansing , slavery , and nukings . 
  look , im not saying russia is any better , but i 'd rather live a poor drunk slavic life in a taiga than live a fake , fat , plastic life in some generic shopping-mall city in america . 
  thats just my two cents on what you have said . 
  ( now its time to see back , relax , and see how many downboats this post can collect ), 
  this article is over a year old . 
  this is n't a `` russia sucks '' article archive . 
  or is it ? 
  we belong in elder scrolls lore . 
  you are swamp people with potatoes and stupid wanna-be latin language . 
  infographic is inaccurate , they drew humans instead of cockroaches . 
  swamp people vs new somalians let the games begin . 
  i love me a good balkans thread, 
   he has been saying those things since 2010 , how is it ukrainian propaganda if russia had their puppet chosen for president at the time ? 
  i said unian is a ukrainian propaganda outlet , which it is . 
  you obviously misread what i said . 
   and he has never said russians are responsible for volhynian massacre , lol . 
  from the same website : http://www.unian.info/politics/1413998-polish-def-min-says-part-of-blame-for-volyn-tragedy-on-russia.html in polish : http://www.kresy.pl/wydarzenia,bezpieczenstwo-i-obrona?zobacz/macierewicz-o-rzezi-wolynskiej-zrodlem-rzezi-wolynskiej-jest-rosja-video essentially saying dem russians were behind it all u guise . 
   he 's obviously insane but tell me why the air traffic controlers in smolensk have not been interrogated yet ? 
  in fact , the military prosecutor has been denied in the request multiple times . 
  why is the tupolev wreck still under ` investigation ' when it is obvious it 's just rusting there and no actual investigation is being done ? 
  russians , like always , hide something that they do n't want the world to know . 
  so hiding and being secretive/conniving is inherently a russian trait ? 
  i would accuse you of racism , but for the threads sake i 'd rather not open up that shit box . 
  governments , especially yours , are usually pretty secretive bodies . 
   putin and his associates are partly responsible for festering the smolensk cult in my country by obfuscating the investigation . 
  your blame game is weak fam what i want to know is how does a anti-semitic batshit crazy upa apologist become defense minister of poland ? 
   macierewicz the same guy who believes russia was behind the genocide in volhynia and that there is an international jewish conspiracy to take over the world . 
  sounds like a man we can all get behind . 
  op antoni macierewicz has been saying trees ca n't melt steel planes for years now . 
  this is n't news or noteworthy , this is just a ukrainian propaganda outlet regurgitating conspiracy theories . 
  arms sales to azerbaijan is a way of indirectly helping the armenians . 
  they use the same or very very similar weapons systems . 
  in the case of war , captured equipment could easily be put to use alongside pre-existing equipment . 
  the equipment supplied can also be destroyed fairly easily thanks to knowledge of weaknesses . 
  azerbaijan buys massive amounts of heavy equipment from turkey and israel , russia is their main but not their only source of weapons . 
  azerbaijan buying weapons the armenians can use is better than azerbajian buying weapons the armenians can not use and do n't know how to destroy . 
  we also supply armenia with massive amounts of free equipment , they rarely have to pay for anything . 
  you are just repeating the half-truths spewed out of publications like radio liberty . 
  arms sales do not prolong the conflict , they prolong the frozen state of it , which in turn preserves peace . 
  selling massive amounts of weapons to each state creates a system of mutually assured destruction , which acts as a deterent against all-out war . 
  ** the only thing prolonging the war is the lack of trust between the two states , the vengeful goals of the azerbaijanis and the uncompromising nature of the armenians . 
  ** the azerbaijanis want everything back and i would n't rule out ethnic cleansing of the entire mountain range . 
  the armenians refuse to cede a single inch to them or play along with the peace plan because it includes territorial concessions to azerbaijan . 
  there is more than 110 years of history behind this and is deeply rooted in ww1 . 
  although , it may even go back as far as the deportations of armenians by the persians . 
  theres this war of mine but its not exactly your average war-themed game . 
  takes place in bosnia during operation kebab removal, 
  exactly , ca n't have something positive about this country being posted here . 
  poland checks out, 
  thats like the exact opposite of what is posted here . 
  im talking to you . 
   are you made at me or at the language because even that disagrees with your poor attempts at propaganda ? 
  seriously , go outside . 
  lay off the crack or whatever is popular in istanbul these days . 
  you 're obviously batshit . 
  sympathy ? 
  for fucking who ? 
  ya know what , dont answer that . 
  its probably going to be some delusional crap in mongol language or something . 
  lmao , another butthurt delusional turk pretending to be a victim and accusing others of shilling . 
  it is not necessarily an act of war but in this case it is . 
  turkey is cooperating with azerbaijan in its war against armenia by joining the economic blockade that was set upon it by soviet azerbaijan during collapse of the ussr . 
  learn recent history before crying online about inappropriate words . 
  its a blockade . 
  pure semantics , calling the use of the word propaganda and throwing a hissy fit over it is just pathetic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenia%e2%80%93turkey_relations#ongoing_blockade a blockade is sealing off a place in order to prevent goods or people from leaving or entering.that `` place '' is the armenian-turkish border . 
  its just an economic union between former soviet states . 
  most former soviet states are already somewhat integrated for obvious reasons . 
  i 'm pretty ambiguous towards it . 
  russian , belarusian , kazakh governments see economic integration as best step towards development . 
  and yes , armenia is a member and turkey has a blockade on that country . 
  as long as the blockade is up , turkey can never be a member . 
  ( azerbaijan will throw a fit if turkey attempts to lift the blockade on armenia ) iran has a much better chance at joining the eeu . 
  i think this is just azerbaijani propaganda and nothing more . 
  russian news says nothing about this so far . 
  its not possible anyways . 
  its not our choice . 
  its theirs , and i doubt they would make it . 
  union state is a joke , just a way to unify belarus and russia . 
  meaning of fraternal -  of or like a brother or brothers . 
  belarus is fraternal . 
  india is not . 
  please , your just making yourself look stupid man . 
   as for the rest ( armenia , kazakhstan , tajikistan ) , do the people there actually like russia , and prefer russia over the west ? 
  or would they have ditched the eeu and join the eu the second they are allowed ?
