  what else is labeled as a unreliable source ? 
  is there a list ? 
  unreliable source ? 
  its a livestream, 
  its a rail line . 
  the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  we use to have much more significant infrastructure set up in azerbaijan . 
  why were n't you crying then ? 
  i would imagine we chose to set this up with azerbaijan instead of armenia because it would n't have to pass through georgia . 
  bath salts is a very dangerous drug - get off it while you can . 
  we built an [ epic monument ] ( http://www.angelfire.com/pa/imperialrussian/blog/1027.jpg ) we were defeated and the events that occurred led up to the civil war . 
  so its kinda just looked at as a sad and unnecessary time in our history . 
  idk . 
  this guy does n't know a thing about population genetics, 
  very funny coming from a romanian . 
   politics needs not be all half truths in a democracy , half-truths are inescapable . 
   that does n't mean its going to conduct an invasion of those states . 
  no , its not . 
  i was using the us as an example , but if you want to continue to cry about whataboutism that isnt there go ahead . 
  no skin off my back . 
  whataboutism ? 
  that post was not whataboutism haha . 
  read the rest of the sentence , dont just take a part of it out of context . 
   so the baltics need a reason to feel threatened by russia , but russia does n't need a reason other than geographic proximity to feel threatened by nato ? 
  do n't bullshit me . 
  russia has no reason to feel threatened , to turn your own words back at you . 
  oh , are balts schizos ? 
  do they not need a reason ? 
  nato is an anti-russian alliance , do n't pretend as if you dont know that . 
  it was created specifically to counter the soviet union , which we are a successor to . 
  it is a hostile entity which is attempting to undermine russia 's nuclear capabilities and mutually assured destruction . 
   and what , pray tell , could or would russia use 400,000 soldiers for , given how paltry nato member forces on the other side of the immediate russia-nato border are ? 
  the scale differs by an order of magnitude . 
  it 's disproportionate by any military logic . 
  a small handful of extra battalions in the baltic states hardly alters the military balance in the region one bit . 
  well , i just threw a random number out as an example . 
  we do not even have 400,000 troops in our ground forces . 
  its closer to 290-300 thousand . 
  the number stationed near the estonian and latvian borders is much smaller . 
  whats so classic about that ? 
  more happenings . 
  the ride never ends . 
  and here i thought i made this account for vidya discussion . 
  ---------- its only 10 men with akms holding people hostage - a terrorist attack , not a coup . 
  but british media soo ... its apparently being conducted by ultra-nationalists . 
  feeling threatened ? 
  do n't bullshit me . 
  they haven no reason to feel threatened and we get along fine with neighbors that are not aligned with us or aligned with the west . 
  take azerbaijan for example . 
  they are a turkish country and at war with one of our allies , but we maintain cordial relations with them . 
  they have a substantial russian population as well . 
  not once have they expressed `` fear '' of invasion . 
  and they were around to witness all the wars in 90s georgia and our participation in those wars . 
   lol , expanding closer to your borders ? 
  your neighbors feel threatened from your military advances , join a defensive alliance and you blame them ? 
  well first off , i said in my other post that ** i have no major issues with them joining nato . 
  ** they joined in 2004 , what military advances were we making and against who exactly ? 
  its their right to choose , but what i detest is them 1 . 
  not taking their largest neighbors interests in mind - at all . 
  they knew the consequences and repercussions it would have on russia-baltic relations 2 . 
  complaining about those consequences 3 . 
  using russia as a scarecrow for their internal political games - which incites anti-russian sentiment . 
  we do n't exist to blow smoke up their ass - we have our own security issues and concerns . 
  if they can not respect that , do n't be surprised to see 400 thousand troops stationed on your border . 
  ever play hearts of iron ? 
   what is russias problem with nato in the baltics unless you are interested in destabilizing the region or invade ? 
  estonia is 120 km away from st petersburg . 
  build a time machine and go back to the 1970s . 
  tell soviet citizens that by 2004 , nato will be 120 km away from our second largest city . 
  nato is a threat to russian national security and the closer it gets to our borders , the more threatened we will be . 
  csto is not offering/never offered states deep in europe membership or accepting states that are applying for the same reason - it threatens regional stability and the national security of many states in the eu . 
  nato is not only a threat to russia but also to belarus and serbia ( which is fully encircled and was bombed ) . 
  joy is not the only thing that post gave me ayooooooo, 
  i wish i could give you a cookie or something op . 
  quit being so naive . 
  you know politics is filled with nothing but half-truths or full blown lies . 
  we have never had good relations with independent ukraine , people in russia have been speculating since 2005 about war . 
  this video occurred during the year of political crisis in ukraine and the question is very relevant . 
  of course putin would dismiss the suggestion , hes a politician . 
  the situation with crimea is very different from any situation with the baltic states . 
  no territory under the control of the baltic states was illegally transfered to them and has a substantial russian-speaking population . 
  you can not deny the fact that your politicians use russia and fearmongering tactics in their various political games . 
  i have no qualms with you being in nato and having foreign troops on your soil . 
  just do n't start complaining when we put troops on the border and ready ourselves to meet a national security threat . 
  a quick glance at armenia 's situation and they will learn that they have it pretty good . 
  might reverse the fearmongering propaganda . 
  ca n't answer my question . 
  not a problem . 
  conversation is over . 
   ethnic issues , basically the baltics are very tense because putin decided to `` protect '' russians in ukraine . 
  i see . 
  while i do n't think that is a very good reason , i do see how it can cause alarm . 
  what he said was populist rhetoric , thats it really . 
  and the vast majority of people in russia definetely do not believe what russia is doing there is about protecting our compatriots . 
  its a game of geopolitical bullshit . 
  i know about the cyberwarfare . 
  the us conducts cyber warfare against a plethora of countries , that does n't mean its going to conduct an invasion of those states . 
  some of those states do the same to america . 
   why not ? 
  you did it once in 1940 not the same period , different political entities , different geopolitical situation .
