  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  vyborg is still a vibrant russian city and one of the most beautiful imo . 
   this is a first , a russian telling others they live in their own world ... :d you have lied your way through this entire conversation and have completely ignored most of the facts and rebuttals i have posted . 
  typical finnish behavior . 
  i do not think it is a coincidence that most of the finns i have met irl and on the internet are historical revisionists . 
   might be true but the families that stayed were mostly never to be heard of again . 
  like , you do n't have to leave but if you do n't ... 
  i 'm living proof that shows that you what said is a load of bs . 
  my great-grandmother was a karelian who stayed happily with her russian husband and karelian-vepsian family . 
  hes not wrong we are always here always watching always downvoting your posts always asking for proofs there is no escape now if you will excuse me , i have to go talk to my manager about a raise . 
  i 'm sitting here for hours upon hours developing carpal tunnel syndrome and i 'm getting paid chump change for each post . 
  unfortunately , hes from mars and only speaks judeo-lizard . 
  so i will need a translator . . again . 
  oh and a tinfoil hat to protect me from his telepathic radioactive mind-control powers . 
  ( which is generated by american chemtrails ), 
   decided to risk their lives to save jews . 
  yea , that was what ww2 was about . 
  totally had nothing to do with preventing the extermination/enslavement of half of europe and the destruction of european civilizations . 
  you do know pretty much no one cared about what was happening to jews , especially in the uk and us . 
  a lot of people even refused to believe the holocaust happened shortly after the war and during the war the allied governments did n't have a full picture of what was going on . 
  you are saying they were needless . 
  from whose perspective ? 
  do you know anything about ww2 ? 
   poland this has a lot to do with the polish-soviet war and polish attempts to expand their borders as far as possible between germany and the soviet union . 
  the liberation of soviet nationalities living in the polish borderlands was also part of the reason why stalin decided to invade alongside the germans . 
  however , the most significant reason why he decided to invade poland was to create breathing room for the soviet union in the case of german invasion . 
  so , it was not `` needless '' . 
   finland very similar to what happened with poland . 
  leningrad ( st petersburg ) was very close to foreign countries that were hostile to communism . 
  this was the second most significant city in all the soviet union . 
  capturing the karelian isthmus and karelia ladoga would have provided sufficient defense of leningrad in case of attack from the north communist internationalism also had a big role to play in the motivation to invade those states , but when it came down to it all that was really just soviet rhetoric . 
  we do not invade countries for no reason , as if we have some barbaric dna or something that compels us to do so . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
   ukraine not even going there . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  this is probably the 16th time i 've seen this argument come out of this subreddit - the idea that we invade countries purely out of tradition . 
  really funny . 
  what does ukraine or the cold war ( we started that ? 
  lmao ) have to do with this ? 
  you are now bringing up irrelevant topics in order to divert the conversation to an area where you think you have the high ground . 
  really pathetic . 
  the winter war ended with the moscow peace treaty . 
  violating peace treaties , invading territory that was never part of their state , and attempting to commit ethnic cleansing - but hey , finland did nothing wrong . 
  oh , so its our fault that finland decided to cleanse karelia of russian people ? 
  good to know . 
  lets get something clear - you use the word soviet . 
  yes , these people were soviet citizens . 
  however , they were not targeted because they were soviet . 
  they were targeted because they were slavic/russian and not finnic . 
   you also showed maps of finnish karelia taken over by ussr . 
  no , i fucking showed you a map of the territories held by finland before and during the winter war and a map showing the territory of the soviet union which was occupied by finland during the continuation war . 
  the maps clearly show that the majority of the territory finland occupied was never part of the country . 
  `` not comparable to our suffering '' the vast majority of finnic people who left karelia left willing or were forced by the finnish government . 
  the treaty that ceded those territories did not require any relocation of populations . 
  either you stop being a muppet or stop replying to my posts . 
  you obviously live in your own fucking world . 
  we all got something to worry over . 
  you guys have vietnamese communist sleeper-cells in soup shops in warsaw . 
  i just showed you maps of areas finland seized and tried to cleanse and were never part of finland . 
   the east karelian camps are the same as the pows camps . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_prisoners_of_war_in_finland#winter_war [ no they are not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_karelian_concentration_camps ) . 
  men , women , and children - anyone of slavic ethnicity ( mainly russian ) were confined to camps by the finnish military administration . 
  my grandfather was just a child and was confined behind those fences with my family . 
  m  and the mortality rate was not due to execution like the soviet union , it was due to famine and disease . 
  the purpose of the detention was allegedly to secure the area behind the front lines against partisan attacks . 
  and through the course of the detention camps unlike the soviet camps finland actually let alot of them go when they judged areas to be clear of partisan attacks . 
  what is this bullshit you just typed up ? 
  the only reason why those people died of disease and starvation was because they were confined to fucking concentration camps and mistreated . 
  the karelian camps were part of a fucking ethnic cleansing operation , what in the actual fuck are you talking about ? 
  are regularly whippings and beatings normal to you ? 
  my great-grandfather was whipped , severely beaten , and thrown into a pond by finnish soldiers . 
  my great-grandmother , a russophone karelian , had to pull him out . 
  he died of starvation while interned . 
  all written down in my grandfather 's journal . 
   i would argue the detention camps were justifiable . 
  of course the deaths that occurred due to famine and disease were not and are a sad fact . 
  finland became increasing a target for partisan attacks from the soviets . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  those partisan attacks that you poor-little finnish victims had to endure were a direct result of the ethnic discrimination in the occupied parts of russia and internment of russian civilians . 
   soviet union took over finnish areas , naturally occupied by finns , not vice versa . 
  there was no `` finnish occupation '' , just finns living in finland , before the soviets stole the land . 
  finland ceded those territories ( ladoga karelia ) to russia after you guys lost the war . 
  re-invading it and taking the land and more of east karelia is occupation . 
  east karelia has been inhabitated by russians as well since the novgorod republic and several wars were fought over it with sweden . 
  internment and concentration camps are synonymous . 
  one is pejorative term and the other one is n't , but they are more or less the same thing . 
  go ahead and deny all you want , live in ignorance like the americans who deny the existence and nature of the japanese internment camps . 
  ( which had far better living conditions and treatment ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_karelian_concentration_camps [ finnish territory that was fought over during winter war ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/winterwar-december1939-soviet-attacks.png ) [ territory occupied by finland during ww2 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/finnish_advance_in_karelia_during_the_continuation_war.png ), 
  you 're post is a combination of whataboutism and white-washing . 
  your country put people in concentration camps where they died , and you try to justify it by listing soviet crimes and `` we wuz here first '' claims . 
  i 'm talking about the east karelian camps , not pows which is another story . 
  25,000 russians were interned in camps during finnish occupation and 7,000 of them died including my great-grandfather . 
  ( starved ) you keep talking about the gulag as well , and link to it more than once . 
  why ? 
  you do know that solzhenitsyn is standard reading for russian school kids ? 
  how am i trolling ? 
  much better in russia than it ever was under finnish occupation . 
  i 'm sure most of the elderly who experienced ww2 in the republic prefer their homes over the concentration camps finland had to offer . 
  edit : downvoting because i 'm pointing out inconvenient historical facts . 
  sad .
