  armenia 's also not too pleased with russia selling arms to tajikistan . 
  look at australia , they 're supporting the us at the expense of their biggest trading partner , china , that 's fraternity . 
  putin 's approval rating is higher in armenia than it is in serbia  i 'd have listed belarus but seeing as belarus got a bit on edge after the start of the ukrainian conflict and started pivoting toward the eu , so i 'm not so sure . 
  i 'm done talking to you . 
  then why the fuck did you say `` india '' ? 
  we have nothing in common with them . 
  nothing . 
  ** you just made your argument weaker by pointing that out . 
  ** we have a massive amount in common with post-soviet countries , especially belarus , armenia , and kazakhstan . 
  belarusians and russians are nearly the same people , we are slavic and speak the same language . 
  we are in a union together and have freedom of movement . 
  cant tell each other apart . 
  armenia is orthodox christian and we have been their historical guardian , its been part of russia for centuries . 
  kazakhstan we have had long relationship with and around 30 percent of the country is ethnic russian/ukrainian . 
  all countries listed have been part of the russian empire and we 're part of the soviet union along with russia . 
  they are literally the closest nations to us . 
  claiming you `` meant '' fraternal relationship however you do n't actually reflect that in your post . 
  why ? 
  because you have no idea what you are talking about and you are very ignorant . 
  not trying to insult you , but from russian standpoint you sound like a crazy person . 
  stop bullshitting me and yourself . 
  stop pretending . 
   oh , they are such shitholes that migrants risk their lives flocking to those countries . 
  well that flew right over your head  there 're only 2 countries that can be said to have `` fraternal relationship with russia '' and that are serbia and india , the rest of russia 's `` friends '' are aligned with russia due to only a single value they share together and that is `` anti western '' . 
  if cringe had a physical weight to it , you could take your post , put it in a gym sock , and bludgeon people to death with it . 
  india ? 
  you really have no clue what you are talking about . 
  the rest of our friends are only our friends because they hate the west ? 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  list of our military and economic allies . 
  ( part of csto and eeu ) : belarus , armenia , kazakhstan , krygzstan , and tajikistan . 
  most of which have good relations with the west , exception being belarus . 
  serbia is actually not technically in any alliance structure with russia , its just a very russophilic country and an `` ally '' in the traditional sense . 
  its also the only russophilic country in europe that has hostile relations/attitude to the west , for obvious reasons . 
  india we just sell weapons to . 
  have no clue where you get that from , did you pull it out of your ass ? 
  stop pretending as if you know what you are talking about , its so fucking cringey . 
  go back to making stupid puns in / r/worldnews for online wizard points . 
  chernobyl did not really affect ukrainian territory . 
  most of the territory the accident affected is in belarus . 
   countries who are fans of the united states tend to be capitalist shitholes , not the kind of fans that i 'd be proud to have . 
  i have always wondered why soviet union political cartoonists/propagandists never poked fun at western/liberal internationalism . 
  its a gold mine of stupidity just as soviet internationalism was . 
  your point is ideologically charged and is being directed at a person that does n't share your views . 
  it just makes you seem silly . 
   how many friends does russia have in the first world ? 
  and mind listing russia 's biggest `` friends '' ? 
  so because russia has no alliance or good relationship with countries in your sphere , it must not have any fraternal states at all ? 
  and the ones russia does have are all dictatorships so that doesnt count ? 
  do you understand that this sounds incredibly stupid ? 
   this kind of attitude is here to stay because what russians hates the most is to be irelevant . 
  like they were in the ' 90 . 
  that is the least creative explanation i have seen on here so far . 
  whats the point in the downvote button anyways ? 
  if you dont like it just dont upvote it and it wo n't go to the top of the page . 
  man , whoever made this site really did n't fully think this through . 
  ukraine has never been an ally and is not a member of cis ( which is n't an alliance ) . 
  it is a member of guam . 
  its nothing but an international welfare queen . 
   belarus is so heavily russified that most people do n't even speak belarusian there . 
  clearly something ukrainians are not envying . 
  * many consider it to be a pupper state of russia . 
  * the belarusians speak russian instead ?!? 
  oh the humanity !, 
  so do millions of people in ukraine , many of whom are ukrainian themselves . 
  many , as in america and its puppets ? 
   armenia does n't have a choice , they 're sandwiched between two hostile countries ( turkey and azerbaijan ) , and they 're supporting nagarno-karabakh . 
  without russia , they 'd face a very likely scenario of being invaded , or nagarno-karabakh at least . 
  we have been historically allied with armenia for centuries . 
  vast majority of armenians see russia positively and have historically have . 
  so no , its not just a situational coincidence or result of current politics . 
  all the countries you listed are russia 's deepest allies . 
  they just are n't puppet states that blow smoke up our asses like america and its puppets . 
  simply compare relations with belarus to relations with ukraine . 
  situation with ukraine has always been hostile . 
  first thing i did when started lurking this sub was search russia hoping to see some cool cultural stuff that might have been shared . 
  big mistake on my part lol . 
  everything was insanely negative . 
  people fear-mongering about `` muh invasion '' , russian liberals coming to post about how terrible the country is , nearly every news report was about something negative and started with `` putin 's russia '' or `` russia 's putin '' , there are also a couple of threads that just center around baltic users talking shit . 
  you mean germany ? 
   you 're the one who chose to focus on one example i mentioned . 
  the least likely region to be under the threat of attack . 
  leaving out the baltics again - the most likely region to host vacationing russian soldiers . 
  i chose one of your examples from your strawman argument . 
  you listed them , and are getting upset that i am arguing against the `` wrong one '' . 
   this excuse lacks any effort . 
  you 're pseudo-intellectual responses lack effort . 
   til zhirik hosted a show on comedy central . 
  perfect analogy !, 
  he might as well , since he is a comedian that you interpret as a real politician in order to justify your idiotic views . 
  your username fits you well . 
   to be fair , only around 22-28 percent . 
  what does this even have anything to do with what we are arguing about ? 
  why do you focus on this so much ? 
   some might think living in the west would have one embrace western values . 
  i guess you can take a russian out of russia , but you ca n't take russia out of a russian . 
  who the fuck are you even referring to ? 
  the person who probably does n't embrace these values you speak of is the anti-semitic individual who is n't even fucking russian . 
   clearly , you do n't either . 
  example of how implying that voters support all the policies of a candidate is just wrong .
