  you do not want to listen and continue being a russophobic nutjob go ahead . 
   that 's just bullshit . 
  nobody remembers much hostility you 've had with ukraine here before invasion . 
  even with the gas disputes , it seemed to have been short-term conflicting economic interests of close neighbours at most . 
  most polls and surveys indicate that both ukrainians and russians had generally good image of each other . 
  it all turned to shit only in 2014 . 
  i 'm talking about ukraine as a state . 
  people of course have good relations . 
  ukraine as a state has never been liked in russia . 
  opinion polls you refer to only go back as far as 2008 . 
  thats not representative of the general attitude . 
  i can assure you most people dislike ukraine as a state for the reasons i have stated and have for a long time . 
  simply look at politics as well . 
  compare russo-ukr relations to russian relations with belarus , armenia , kazakhstan . 
  nothing alike , and somewhat hostile . 
   texas and all states from the mexican cession have been part of mexico for centuries majority of population is mexican or with mexican ancestry . 
  hernan cortez claimed mexico for spain . 
  it 's cities are spanish in name . 
  it 's as mexican as mexico city or guadelajara . 
  worst example you could use . 
  none of the major regions of the united states are majority mexican , especially texas and california . 
  those regions were won by united states during the mexican-american war or successfully broke away from mexico . 
  ( texas is nearly identical to donbass situation as well ) crimea was illegally handed over to ukraine by a soviet dictator without consideration of its population or history . 
  it is not ukrainian and never has been . 
  it should have never been part of ukraine in the first place . 
  the bloodless annexation of the penninsula was the best way of going about solving the problem . 
  same could be said for nagorno-karabakh and azerbaijan as well . 
   respect borders and international law or look as hypocrites by the rest of the world . 
  everyone criticizess the usa for its foreign interventions in south america and for good reason . 
  why should russia be treated any different when it invaded it 's near abroad ? 
  the united states invaded iraq and got hundreds of thousands of people killed in the process for purely imperialistic/internationalist reasons , and nothing has been done about it . 
  no one brought to the hague and no `` crippling '' sanctions against united states . 
  the same situation with the south american coups and instigated civil wars you mentioned . 
  i would say international law is dead but that would imply that it was ever alive . 
  it means nothing . 
  the precedent has already been set . 
  yea since i started posting on this website i realize that people dont usually use the downvote button to hide poor quality posts . 
  they use it to censor opinions and facts that they do not like or agree with . 
  i think thats why this website gets so much shit . 
  finland can come and try to take it if it fills stronk and mongol enough . 
   how quickly the tune changes . 
  tune has never changed . 
  your just generalizing . 
  thats always been my opinion . 
   out of all the examples you picked this one . 
  you are the one who listed poland . 
  poland was also part of the russian empire , so how is that example any different from finland ? 
   either read or stop your projections . 
  you are implying that he is a serious politician . 
  the reason why russians are not put off by what he says is because everyone knows he is a clown . 
  everyone understands that he is n't serious . 
  its like saying stephen colbert is a serious american conservative . 
  you ca n't wiggle your way out of this one by accusing me of projecting . 
  ( which does n't make any sense ) . 
  you simply do n't know what you are talking about or you do and are just trolling . 
   were n't you frothing about strawman just a while ago ? 
  do you even know what a strawman is ? 
  that was an example i gave on how implying that voters support everything a candidate says and does is just wrong . 
   they 're almost russian at this point . 
  now we are all anti-semites . 
  good to know . 
   russian residing in germany and anglosphere are still spouting their xenophobic vitriol . 
  one might think ` proper ' russians are even worse . 
  lmao what are you even talking about at this point ? 
  you do not even know who i am referring to . 
  all of his posts are either anti-russian posts , shill accusations , or 4chan-style shitposts/dank memes . 
  this person obviously gave up on serious discussion a long time ago . 
   there 's no need for them to be the same . 
  all it takes an immense propaganda campaign , which will be easy to conduct since virtually every media outlet is controlled by the kremlin . 
  i mean , seeing how quickly russians turned on their brotherly nation ukraine , was enough for me to understand that russians sure are gullible . 
  russophobic fascists/western lapdogs will be an even easier target . 
  the groundwork has already been laid . 
  first off , ukraine is not our `` brotherly '' nation . 
  this is a pan-slavic delusion . 
  we have never had good relations with any of the independent ukrainian states . 
  we have been putting up with ukraine 's bullshit in regards to russian language and nato for 20 + years . 
  most russians were already against ukraine by 2014 . 
  it is you that is being gullible and ignorant of politics . 
  a state with 12 million + russian speakers and the government refuses to make russian an official language or even give it regional status in the southeast ? 
  how can you consider that state to be brotherly or even accomplished ? 
  only a nationalistic failed state would do something as stupid as that . 
  secondly , you are saying that russian media can convince russians that pomerania is ancient russian land and belongs to russia rightfully ( just as crimea ) . 
  do you have any idea how delusional you sound right now ? 
  there are n't even any russians living there . 
  now i really do n't think you understand how important crimea is to the russian people . 
   forgot to add / r/russia to `` some of your compatriots '' glad you mentioned him . 
  chauvinistic russian who referred to the baltic states ( finland as well , iirc ) as ` russian lands ' and who gained 20 % of the votes in his run for presidency or was that the amount of seats his party took in the elections ? 
  one must wonder why so many eastern europeans are looking at russia with suspicion ... 
  i think i just had an aneurysm . 
  why should anyone take you seriously at this point ? 
  you just come off as a shitposting troll . 
  you are saying zhirinovsky is a serious politician and ldpr is a serious party ? 
  are you on crack or something ? 
  ill humour you for just a second . 
  i will enter your fantasy land where zhirinovsky is a real politician who does n't say things to make himself look batshit crazy . 
  just because people vote him in russia , does n't mean all his voters support everything he says and all of his supposed `` policies '' . 
  he ordered one of his bodyguards to rape a pregnant journalist at a press conference . 
  just because someone votes him does n't mean they support rape . 
  to imply that is just illogical . 
  about / r/russia .
