it does and it 's dangerous the way it does it in subtle ways . 
  there is no unbiased news source in the uk so your best bet is to read both the guardian and the telegraph to see how the same issue is reported . 
  they 're both relatively intelligent papers so you get interesting articles . 
  just for the love of god do n't read any opinion pieces or reader comments . 
  it had to be rebuilt almost in its entirety after the war with next to no money to do so . 
  given the circumstances i think they did an ok job . 
  having no moral standards is n't the preserve of the right wing . 
  you can be a fraudulent scumbag whichever politics you support , it 's just that in the uk the right-wing press are usually the worst . 
  the euro has made visiting so much easier . 
  you used to have two cashpoints next to each other , one with frances and one with pesetas . 
  you could pay in francs and get pesetas in change in some places . 
  also , the fags and booze was outstandingly cheap last time i went there . 
  turkified bulgarians sounds like a delicious sunday dinner, 
  you ca n't use olive oil mate . 
  it 'll turn funny at those temperatures . 
  you need to use a fat that is solid at room temperature , like vegetable fat ( cookeen or something similar ) or lard . 
  beef dripping is good if you can get it . 
  this is why oliver and his ilk recommend goose or duck fat . 
  personally i much prefer vegetable fat as otherwise my potatoes taste too much like a dead animal . 
  part boil them , bash them around a bit to get the edges fluffy and roast them , turning them over just over halfway through cooking . 
  the best potato you will ever eat by far . 
  yeah , the eu, 
  this infographic does n't actually tell us anything . 
  i have looked into the detail and what struck me most was that pharmaceutical companies are among those with most to gain alongside financial service companies . 
  this will be great for the uk . 
  when i went to japan i was surprised by the complete lack of chocolate there . 
  even the kit-kats were mostly non-chocolate varieties . 
  they seem to enjoy sweet ` bean ' based desserts, 
  the answer is in his passport . 
  if his passport says he is a danish citizen then he is a danish citizen . 
  it is n't you or u/undauntablethought who gets to decide , it 's the danish government so there 's no point asking him . 
  it 's really very simple and it 's absurd that you ca n't grasp that . 
  if someone moves country , settles down and gains citizenship then of course their nationality changes . 
  you seem to somehow be thinking that u/undauntablethought is saying that he becomes spanish for two weeks when he goes on holiday . 
  i really hope that you one day find you have 1 % turkish blood in you or something , your tiny brain would implode . 
  you need to pick up a history book mate . 
  i 'm whiter than you are , not that it makes the blindest bit of difference to my point, 
  that 's nonsensical . 
  so somebody whose ancestors are exclusively welsh are n't british because they do n't have this ` blend ' ? 
  are only some ` ethnic stocks ' allowed to be part of this blend ? 
  if so , which ones specifically ? 
  if not , what is someone who only has 75 % of this ` blend ' if they are not british ? 
  there is no defined ` british ' ethnicity because it would be a farce to even try . 
  regardless , ethnicity has nothing to do with citizenship . 
  was freddie mercury not british because he did n't have 100 % ` blended ' blood ? 
  was rudyard kipling not british because he was born in india ? 
  do n't try to couch your racism in pseudoscientific and ill-informed jibber-jabber , at least be honest with it and say that you do n't like non-white people having european passports . 
  british is n't an ethnicity , it 's simply someone who is a citizen of britain . 
  you really could n't be more wrong if you tried . 
  so what constitutes british ethnically then ? 
  normans ? 
  picts ? 
  vikings ? 
  angles ? 
  romans ? 
  celts ? 
  there is no british ethnicity you 're just basically trying to say that only white people can be british and you sound as ignorant as fuck, 
  well seeing as how he is british and you are not , i think i 'm safe in saying that you are fundamentally incorrect . 
  ` how can george clooney be american ? 
  he should have a name like running wolf ', 
  are you implying that british people can not have non anglo-saxon names ? 
  he did n't say they did , he just said they were fine upstanding christians . 
  someone tried to palm me a northern irish tenner last week . 
  may as well have tried giving me buttons . 
  yes . 
  turkey , the phillipines , russia , north korea , venezuela , serbia , syria etc are all good , respected governments with no hint of problems . 
  it is n't . 
  not a word of these ` reports ' makes any kind of sense . 
  the dup both want and need a soft brexit , there 's no way they would even consider a role for farage let alone insist upon him . 
  that being said , i have given up trying to forecast any type of politics in the world since last year so maybe the dup will force the tories to reunify ireland too . 
  did n't really answer my question though . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , it 's not something i know much about . 
  you seem clued up on this . 
  do any people living in greek macedonia have any loyalties to fyrom ? 
  if everybody there is happy to be greek then i do n't see much of a problem . 
  if however some of them actually want to break away then i can see it might be a bigger issue . 
  i agree . 
  if someone decided to call somewhere new england or something i do n't think i 'd care very much . 
  mate , take that flag off of your flair when you post drivel like this . 
  i got sunburnt over the weekend and it hurts when i cringe . 
  solid at the back , decent midfield , bit lightweight up top . 
  could be an interesting team if one or two of the younger strikers kick on . 
  what will happen with el clasico though ? 
  i do n't think the catalans have properly thought this through , i mean , the most important issue has n't even been discussed : catalunia wo n't even be seeded in the world cup qualifiers , they could be drawn in the same group as germany , the netherlands and portugal . 
  is it * really * worth the risk ? 
  might be a bit further in the future than we thought this time last week . 
  he really does n't understand the link between america 's military strength and its economic strength . 
  the us is frequently able to take advanage if certain economic opportunities simply because of their military strength . 
  he is forcing europe to become a military player on the world stage . 
  if europe has a larger military you can bet your bottom dollar it will start to use it . 
  oilfield that needs protecting in the middle east ? 
  bp are now a major player . 
  saudi arabia needs 3,000 armoured vehicles ? 
  enter the german automobile industry ( who lets be honest , makes the best cars in the world ) . 
  he 's already made the us an outsider when it comes to renewable energy and now he 's forcing the introduction a major competitor in the defence arena . 
  for all the ( debatable ) short-term advantages of his strategy , long-term he is * massively * reducing the us 's superpower status . 
  he most certainly does n't care about me and i 'm one of the people . 
  i love being part of the eu . 
  brexit has made me very unhappy . 
  it 's not just the economic suicide of leaving , it 's being a european citizen that i love .
