  we are used to it . 
  if we went to northern countries we would be dying to the cold weather . 
  it 's mostly about the way of life . 
  people work to live instead of living to work . 
  i 'd say the numbers would be smaller if we were n't in the midst of an economic crisis, 
  any language really . 
  it 's just french and spanish are notorious languages that get difficult to understand when you speak at your normal pace . 
  if this is true it is a great achievement . 
  these people are truly disconnected from reality . 
  next thing you know they 'll protest that , for example , black people have lower wages showing wages between two unrelated professions . 
  check the latin word for beer . 
  cervisia , sounds awfully familiar does n't it ? 
  you guys have more influence from other cultures . 
  our language ( portugal ) is still much related to its latin routes . 
  we have a few cities here ( portugal ) that are older than the country . 
  for example braga , then known as bracara augusta , was founded in the roman empire . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't be higher . 
  i 'm arguing that it 's not something that can happen overnight . 
  plus your city must have a lot of historical buildings . 
  those are usually the most susceptible to earthquakes . 
  my mother started working at 14 as well ( portugal ) . 
  it was a few years before our revolution , but it still continued happening until our economy was stable enough that we could establish laws against it . 
  the kids in myanmar need it to stay alive . 
  we ca n't just disregard it instantly just because we think it 's wrong . 
  to be fair the earthquakes we get are usually negligible . 
  got ta rally up everyone you have with a plan . 
  pretty much how it happened on our side . 
  and then we had [ this ] ( http://prnt.sc/ercq6c ) made through our efforts in / r/portugal . sure some squares get messed up here and there ( g for example ) but it got done . 
  europe is a very inspiring project . 
  so much hardship , a very low chance of being as sucessful as it is today . 
  we should look at the project as a shining example of what people of different backgrounds can do together if they put their minds to it . 
  it 's not perfect and it will never be perfect so long as humankind exists but what matters is that people are happy and it can always improve with such a good base, 
  i do n't know if the world would be better . 
  wars are very costly and to end them earlier/increase army efficiency courts used to reward scientists and inventors if they could design something that would help . 
  in the process some of the tools created for war would also be able to help in other areas . 
  so every construction firm gives their employee 's vacation around the same time ? 
  pretty interesting . 
  well , our food is kinda bland compared to indian food . 
  nothing to be ashamed of since it 's still quite good . 
  we do n't blame the eu on our problems . 
  if anything we blame our corrupt political parties over everything else along with ourselves for not doing anything . 
  this map is set almost 250 years before we existed with our current borders . 
  that is for now . 
  besides i 'm not talking only about windfarms . 
  eventually we can expect such a thing as free and clean power , it 's going to be a monumental effort but it will happen . 
  hopefully this leads to reduced energy prices in the future . 
  i anxiously await the day where the only thing we have to pay for energy is the grid maintenance ( along with the windfarms , etc. ), 
  and the staff that does it . 
  woah , it would take a whole year for me to eat that much . 
  am i missing something ? 
  sure enough . 
  every single piece of research that comes through goes a long way to increasing efficiency in renewable energies that will eventually allow electricity to be free outside of maintenance costs . 
  yes , we had it as well . 
  i remember it being used in classrooms a lot as an introduction to subjects . 
  people distracted by stuff in car and having accidents - check . 
  right before the sunrise there 's usually a lot of fog . 
  that 's a regular winter morning here . 
  the afternoon is sunny but oh so cold ( in our standards ) these days . 
  sadly it rarely snows and when it does it does n't last outside the obvious more mountainous places . 
  i live in portugal and i have never seen snow piled up . 
  enjoy the snow while it lasts !, 
  not only for spain but to the european union and most importantly the neighbors like portugal , france and andorra . 
  just look at when they are on strike . 
  french strikes are infamous for destroying public and private property . 
  that 's interesting actually . 
  guess that explains why so many people retire in my country ( besides the climate that is ) . 
  i do n't know if this purchase power is calculated correctly , purchasing power is calculated by the ammount of goods you can buy with your salary . 
  it does n't go up in a such an even rate for richer countries , higher salaries usually mean higher cost of living . 
  probably not on the infrastructure but space could certainly be arranged . 
  their money would also help speeding up the moving process . 
  it 's still more likely for them to move everything to dublin though . 
  the difference is in the beans . 
  most of our coffee beans come from ex colonies and they have the perfect climate for it . 
  i know we would here . 
  it 's been a sucession of government after government that only increases taxes on the lower classes while increasing their own salaries and benefits . 
  imagine that the former portuguese president was spending double what the spanish president was spending and had an entourage/staff of 500 people . 
  i would n't be opposed to police having a staff along with the baton . 
  [ congratulations ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bix44c1ezy ), 
  the capital should have historically been coimbra as this was the city where the king lived when portugal was declared as a kingdom . 
  lisbon was only declared capital because it grew much bigger and had a great strategic value . 
  even lazy people will do it if there is no good alternative . 
  very similar to our [ sonhos ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/83/b9/d4/83b9d46a7e8c09f6de3ca26c34d0798e.jpg ) except our do n't usually have any filling . 
  just a hint of cinnamon on top . 
  should have just sent him a recipe so he could make it at home, 
  i guess hiding in plain sight really works . 
  i went to castelo branco in december , it was n't that cold at the time . 
  joseph best jojo, 
  they sent two planes , do n't know if they sent anything else . 
  most of them have a second job . 
  they will drop everything they are doing when they get the call , that 's how dedicated they are . 
  there are paid firefighters called `` bombeiros sapadores '' but the vast majority are volunteers . 
  well , with the high temperatures all over the place you might need them soon . 
  hope not but it 's better to stay safe and send what you can spare . 
  like in any country they prioritize fires where property/lives are in danger . 
  this has the side effect of having to give up fighting the others . 
  eventually they will just control the area where it can spread and letting it burn everything within that area . 
  yeah , i can understand the whole economic aspect of it . 
  thanks for the honest answer . 
  that seems like it could get confusing real fast . 
  why did n't the uk make a full adaptation ?
