yup . 
  they could have put in some effort and vote . 
  in porto we can get as low as 0\u00bac in winter . 
  only saw -1 \u00bac / 2\u00bac a few times . 
  yeah but even the snow there does n't last long . 
  last time i saw snow it lasted 10 seconds . 
  that was like 7 years ago . 
  before that the last time it snowed in my town was before i was born . 
  just last week we had almost 30\u00bac weather . 
  it feels cold now : /, 
  at this point we 're having a never ending summer . 
  we rarely if ever get snow here anyway . 
  summer tires all day everyday . 
  yeah it was basically like that . 
  yup . 
  it got to a point where in my 8th grade in a harder than usual test where nobody but me went over the 70 % mark ( i had 96 % ) . 
  i can definitely say for sure that i would not be studying to be a translator if i did n't have subbed shows . 
  the only dubbed show i can enjoy here in portugal is dragon ball because the voice actors really put in some effort and even then i think the japanese version is better . 
  anything else is pretty terrible with lots of monotones and really unfiting voices . 
  certainly . 
  even though i severely dislike that kind of shows i can atleast admit brazilian production of those has some quality . 
  do n't forget about portugal . 
  we have many beautiful places to be seen as well . 
  i guess it 's the cultural difference . 
  families in our countries are much more valued . 
  plus it 's a waste to be living outside your parent 's home unless you have a full time job otherwise it 's just putting a burden on top of them . 
  most of europe 's countries have been a empire in some form or another . 
  it 's always the us vs them mentality . 
  i have less than one-tenth of your download speed and one-fifth of your upload speed . 
  it 's rarelly ever been worth it to live in the city itself . 
  you can probably find much better prices by going a bit farther away and commuting into the city . 
  this is n't really relevant . 
  unless of course you start talking about the exclusive economical zones associated . 
  yes , i agree with you that driving in a city is a bad choice . 
  just the issue with finding parking spaces without paying every single day would drive me crazy . 
  public transportation is a life saver at that whenever i need to go into the city . 
  unfortunately since i live outside the city it would take an enormous ammount of effort each day to bike to and from my university . 
  you do n't even need to do that . 
  just look into the mirror or look out the window . 
  if i did n't do that every time i open the door i probably would have lost my door to a passing car . 
  the harry potter stuff you mentioned is actually based on the tradition called `` praxe '' that exist in the portuguese universities . 
  basically freshmen go through the praxe and eventually near the end of the year they gain the right to wear the uniform which is called `` traje '' . 
  the singing is a way to create a sense of pride in one 's university . 
  probably both . 
  the eu itself for not keeping a strict eye on portugal 's use and portugal itself for using it mainly in infrastructure such as highways instead of developing a better economic base . 
  it lead to a much harsher fall with the debt crysis that could have been prevented . 
  yeah we were pretty much the least developed country in europe before joining . 
  eu funds helped a lot developing over these past two decades even if most were n't efficiently used . 
  it 's starting to sound like a fascist state more and more each day . 
  it started out like this in portugal ( obviously no modern stuff like internet ) . 
  from the parallels already drawn the next step is what you said followed by the introduction of religion as a major pillar of the state, 
  the thing that hurts the most is that the decision was n't even fairly made on either side . 
  it hurt seeing the brexit campaign spread lies about the eu as well as it hurt seeing the stay campaign just insult brexit instead of clarifying the benefits of staying in the eu . 
  yup , i myself learned a lot more from the internet , games and tv than i learned from school . 
  it got to a point where i did n't study for english tests for 7 years and was still top of the class . 
  i see a lot more people like that today , especially since i joined university in a course where good english is basically a requirement . 
  not everyone speaks decent english that 's for sure . 
  it 's getting better , i can say for sure people understand english better than they did a few years ago . 
  it will tend to get better overall as the younger generations have better ways to improve and better teachers . 
  god knows i was the only one able to speak fluent english in my 7th grade , whereas i see more kids that are able to do it nowadays . 
  this is the one thing that should be possible everywhere . 
  politicians should always tell the truth and be imparcial . 
  i am lazy . 
  i will delay everything until the last minute and still get everything done amazingly well . 
  which is fair . 
  fines should punish people , not potentially ruin their lives outright . 
  it 's fine if you drive in a city . 
  if you want to drive in a motorway then you really should n't . 
  the story was quite alright up until desmond died . 
  any decent singer portugal has right now does n't want to join eurovision . 
  and when we do have a decent singer he/she does n't get appreciated since they sing in portuguese . 
  that is pretty short term thinking . 
  overfishing will eventually bankrupt everything related to the fishing industry . 
  yeah i can personally attest to lisbon and , even though you did n't mention it , porto where biking would n't be the best option . 
  it 's really easy to get tired while biking upwards . 
  which is hard to do because they are stubborn and resistant to valid arguments . 
  they are so set on their way of thought they do not entertain even the slightest ammount of logic . 
  even with our overwhelmingly religious society we still approved abortion . 
  i guess the religious nuts are a lot more prominent there . 
  media happened . 
  unfounded articles influence people and shit happens . 
  honestly they should be liable to get sued whenever they post such things without any evidence . 
  it 's only rare because most people that are polish will only speak english unless they are amongst polish people . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't watch morning tv anymore . 
  did n't even know that existed to be fair haha . 
  we only get those after midnight here . 
  i do n't care about uk leaving . 
  the only thing i care about is the rampant misinformation that influenced the votes . 
  any major decision should be made with clear facts and mind . 
  to do so without either is a foolish mistake . 
  i live in porto . 
  2nd week of august there were so many fires around the city we could n't even see the sun for 3 days . 
  unbearable smell of smoke as well . 
  i 'd say that it is not enough to make such an important decision . 
  especially given the misinformation that was being given by both sides of the argument . 
  i really feel sorry for the brits who wanted to stay in the eu , especially towards scotland who voted last year to remain in the united kingdom , based on the fact they may have not stayed in the eu had they left . 
  it 's a really tricky matter to discuss , too many variables . 
  yup , i get what you mean . 
  the climate in the north of portugal is really similar to yours . 
  the one time i went to the south of portugal in the summer i nearly melted .
