i 've seen some police statistics a while ago according to which georgians are also disproportionally involved in burglary here in recent years - not sure why specifically georgians since that 's quite a distance , but despite this ( and maybe specifically because of the distance thing ) the stereotypical thief is still polish or romanian . 
  guess so . 
  at some point i also stopped even bothering with less tasty alcoholic beverages like some more bitter beers too , though . 
  to everyone what they like , 
  was n't it the von luxemburg dynasty though , at least at some point ? 
  what about those 2-3 provinces in eastern hungary and then the entirety of the golden horde ? 
  fully agree , and always get told `` but it 's an acquired taste '' when saying i do n't like it . 
  which does n't really explain why exactly stockholm syndroming your tastebuds rather than drinking water/tea/whatever instead is supposed to be a good thing . 
  the what feels like most common ( not the only , but it * is * common ) response to `` why do you drink it '' is `` because i 'm addicted '' , too :p, 
  not just in vienna . 
  maybe a bit colloquial ( not even that much ) , but certainly not unusual . 
  gotland was not swedish until 1648 ? 
  til, 
  those two and blablacar . 
  the rest , no idea . 
  no matter if it 's 0-1 or 0-n , a 0 is still a 0 , lol ; __ ;, 
  holy shit france . 
  in my social circle , it 's quite definitely under 7 % - which is good , smoking in general is quite disgusting imo . 
  as a ckii player : o'brien 4 lyfe - first desmond will be retaken from the normans , then brian boru 's crown . 
  concerning the first paragraph - same here - after subtracting rent , a gym membership would eat between 15-25 % of my monthly budget , for the `` cheaper '' gyms around . 
  maybe when i 'm rich someday . 
  :p i 'd rather join a ( casual level due to lack of talent or dedication ) sports club . 
  ( but someone has to make sure the country stay below 50 % in these statistics , so ... ), 
  `` days since last murder attempt : '', 
  if you have a thing for widowed babushkas , i guess ... ? 
  the snake in particular :d, 
  rurik and b\u00f6rek, 
  the taste is weird but i guess you get used to it after a few years for better or worse . 
  kalk stains on metal faucets are a huge pain to clean though , and i 'm pretty sure it 's not good for the pipes either . 
  the squariest one ? 
  sachsen-anhalt has enough inhabitants and income to keep up with luxemburg ? 
  whoa . 
  thought the place was emptier than yakutia . 
  i do n't mind the fries , but schnitzel with sauce is ... acceptable if the meat is old enough that you have to cover the taste , i guess . 
  which in itself is n't really acceptable in the first place . 
  even in that case , zigenuerschnitzel  j\u00e4gerschnitzel . 
  wait , when did they introduce the telegraph ? 
  nothing written about that on my stone tablets here . 
  is `` bois forest '' one expression ? 
  burgundy ? 
  might as well retake the southern half then , too . 
  it even rhymes !, 
  good question . 
  either i 'm forgetful or my hometown is weird for not having this concept . 
  only when playing some variants in elementary school sports class , we had a bench for the `` dead '' . 
  while i think it 's more prevalent in the east and they * are * more openly grumpy , there 's plenty of bad-mooded cashiers and waiters in west germany as well . 
   more than of the fake friendly stuff , at least . 
  mainly knew him from the cassettes , but i will never forget his `` wunnergeweehr mit dreiunzwanzich roan '', 
  i thought it was czech for quite some time , because of karel gott . 
  i do n't have flip flops , but all my socks are black . 
  africa is a country , though . 
  my mother would always pour the overly hot tea on a plate and back into a cup when i was sick :d, 
  tea from a * bowl * ? 
  i do n't think i 've seen that outside of animes . 
  we actually have both , the polish thief stereotype , and the gypsy ( romanian sometimes used interchangeably , with similar reasons to uk ) thief/beggar/scammer . 
  i think the former stereotype is mainly from the 90s . 
  meanwhile , `` stupid '' stereotypes are mainly used internally between states / dialect regions . 
  not entirely sure if the castle name was the same , but if it was , i based an empire there in ck2 once , 
  we have `` gesetztesh\u00fcter '' which is similar ( the law rather than order ) , but it 's an inconveniently big word mostly used for newspapers , book backsides and movie descriptions ... 
  meaning hre i guess ? 
  still , in the context of this map , it 's strange germany made it into the legend but denmark did n't . 
  liechenstein big , liechtenstein stronk !, 
  yup , 60 % as well . 
  knew about half ( mostly the earlier questions ) and did n't have much luck guessing the rest . 
  what a preposterous concept . 
  just -58.1 seems a bit low - or is this only counting european russia and not verkhoyansk and such ? 
  yup . 
  just maybe not dublin , too much heat from the rent . 
  but ca n't you wear a cloak while going on skates ? 
  which is the one controlled by the communists ? 
  we tried everything , spain was unbeatable ... 
  it 's trea - ... 
  i 'll show myself out , alright . 
  nah , easily discernible , this is definitely portuguese . 
  gladly would , decent ( in non-monetary regards ) mobile plans are fucking ripoffs here . 
  sir cocaine ? 
  \\  tfw going on vacation in late may ; __ ;, 
  nicely done took me a while to find belgium and estonia ( \u00d6sel blindness ? ), 
  for some reason , and i was looking for a full cyprus until there was having sorted a piece into every other place on the map . 
  ( except andorra , which must have gotten auto-filled ), 
  where to buy the second , i need a dozen of these . 
  pretty optimistic estimate there , i do n't think it will happen that early . 
  those + russia and belarus ? 
  ( and maybe germany and sweden if you ask the super crazies ), 
  vilnius , prague , antwerpen or skopje could be contenders . 
  less religious motivation but more nations with some kind of claims . 
  to dig up the good old erbfeindschaft back from its 3/4 century old grave ? 
  hers actually contained cookies most of the time . 
  i also have one in my shelf , fake and golden rather than blue but still saying it 's danish , stuffed to the top with laundry clamps . 
  michael jackson became a german muslim women soldier recently ? 
  the interior balkans had some nasty ones ... 
  in eu iii they did n't ally france that often , but would stomp you on their own by fielding 60k-80k from 9 provinces which barely have that much population combined while not emperor . 
  brilliant !, 
  the best are those slightly worn-out short socks that slowly slip further inside your shoe as you 're walking until only the front 2/3 or 1/2 of your foot is still covered . 
  shudder . 
  looks quite similar to those norwegian stave churches - do we know if these were inspired by old temples in turn , or is it the other way around here ? 
  knew a guy who * actually believed * in loki some time ago . 
  he was generally quite nuts though . 
  what 's everyone 's problem with this anyway , i think wearing sandals with socks makes perfect sense if it 's warm and you 're not going anywhere near water : - with regular shoes you just suffocate - feet are awfully ugly anyway , so the `` unaesthetic '' argument does n't make all that much sense - it offers some protection from the sun , dirt , insects ... getting stung in your foot does n't make it any less ugly . 
  cold hot girls ?
