  take a look at this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_empire and this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/habsburg_spain, 
  hhhmmm ... 
  i believe both dutch and german were part of the spanish empire back then . 
  where is cyprus ? 
  where is ireland ? 
  we are not importing , we are borrowing some from our portuguese brothers . 
  go to sevilla , jaen or c\u00f3rdoba and say that loud . 
  yes , please . 
  send it to madrid and castilla la mancha and andalusia , please . 
  you shut up , galicus , 
  egypt once was a part of the roman empire , that 's why . 
  you try to have some empathy first . 
  if hipokryzja is telling you asking is not a good idea think it may be true . 
  it 's oven . 
  it 's scorching . 
  i go to oeiras and you come to madrid . 
  let 's swap , yes ? 
  i would gladly swap our 50\u00ba by the bus stop near cibeles with their -30 \u00ba . 
  ah no , this is a no-no . 
  please no . 
  i think it belongs to nestl\u00e9 ? 
  well , you failed , you actually made me laugh . 
  are you drunk or just feel humorous , my friend ? 
  you silly , they will downvote you to hell . 
  just a shitshow . 
  yes . 
  i am from madrid , i can attest our brains are melted . 
  lysadora , read the whole thread , then you maybe understand . 
  wow , you are trying to be funny , which i indeed appreciate . 
  omg , i saw your previous message and it does change , and a lot . 
  actually you edited knowing my anwer to your unedited message . 
  you do not play clean , so sorry to have lost my time with you . 
  you edited your message . 
  thanks for confirming you do not stand your own basis . 
  no , cydros is somewhere in europe or close , but they are speaking english as it is the easiest way to communicate . 
  that is why cydros said `` americans '' and that is why my precision was neccesary . 
  no , my point is relevant , particularly in the context of the thread . 
  not all americans would do searches like that in google , probably only the peoples from the usa , that was my point . 
  english speakers call usa citizens americans . 
  the rest of the world have their own gentilics for usa citizens , estadounidenses in the case of spain which is not only formal , it is the correct way . 
  gringo is actually racist and should not be used . 
  americano/a is equivocal , some one from lets say per\u00fa is also american . 
  wrong : merriamwebsters : definition of american 1 an american indian of north america or south america 2 a native or inhabitant of north america or south america 3 a native or inhabitant of the u.s. : a u.s. citizen 4 american english, 
  omg , you are the one upset !, 
  i am so sorry you feel like this and sincerely hope you never call a mexican `` america '' , you seem to be mixing demonyms or gentilics with names of places or continents . 
  i believe that is the problem . 
  i am not upset , by no means . 
  i am just stating my point which you apparently are not able to grab as a concept . 
  usa is not the whole america . 
  simple concept . 
  call it murica , ok then . 
  no , it is not irrelevant . 
  it is like saying i , europe , being a single country in the continent . 
  it is to arrogate the name of a whole . 
  people from the united states has been using the term , that does not mean that it is correct in other languages . 
  america is a continent , not a country . 
  i know , but it is innacurate and unfair . 
  wrong . 
  it 's the blueeyedblondes in the usa who did these searches . 
  or beeing mexico . 
  argentinian or chilean are americans too but i doubt they are responsible for this . 
  america is far more than the usa . 
  very beautiful , thank you for posting this . 
  but not only . 
  but you are exactly restricting human rights with the meassures you propose . 
  unless you are being sarcastic and i am not getting it . 
  i believe this is a huge victory for the terrorists . 
  half of their job is done : changing our way of living to worse and by our own hand . 
  i was searching for confimation for the cuts , i had heard about 20 thounsand less policemen in the last few years . 
  thank you . 
  i said in another thread that i have heard this morning in the radio that the conservative government has rescinded the contracts of up to 20 thousand policemen in the last years . 
  is this true ? 
  because this might be the key , actually . 
  you are right . 
  yes . 
  actually the attorney general had to renounce today because he was found to have some business in panam\u00e1 . 
  republicanism is also firmly tied to ultraconservatives . 
  i am gon na need reading your post like ten times in a row to understand it , damn . 
  i believe this is an obscure reference to an old film of a certain chaplin . 
  my kindle was and is a blessing to me because i can buy easily books in any language . 
  before that i had to wait for weeks before a book arrived . 
  i can read in spanish , my mother tongue , english , italian , french and portuguese and now starting to read in german . 
  if i can not read a language i try to get the best translation possible . 
  read , travel and reddit and you will laugh . 
  thank you for the help , i say it seriously . 
  next time i will read more carefully what you write and try to understand your point of view . 
  i did not downvote you , even if i was tempted . 
  this is not sesame street . 
  next time tune your comprehension better . 
  yes , but no , that is what i was saying . 
  nationalists everywhere , i was saying . 
  so yes , some people in the usa are racist , but yes , some people in europe are racist , normally the nationalists . 
  see my point now ? 
  what i was trying to say is that the preoccupation with ancestry in the usa is related to being racist , in the end . 
  the same happens in europe and we have clear examples even here in reddit . 
  aaaaand i get downvoted again because i am not a nationalist nor a racist nor a xenophobe . 
  trains in england - i am not sure about the uk - are not punctual anymore and they used to be a reference of punctuallity at least in spain . 
  yes , sure , it makes somehow sense . 
  [ phenotype ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phenotype ) just in case you think u/rafarealness is inventing something . 
  i live in the center of madrid .
