  we have plenty of people from india and bangladesh . 
  i have never seen anyone being racist towards them , but i have seen racism towards people from morocco or senegal . 
  i am going to say angela merkel . 
  i am not german , by the way , but somehow she rules europe . 
  although she opposed equality for gay marriage , she allowed the voting , proving she might be conservative , but she is a convinced democrat . 
  that would be absolutely inimaginable with our conservative party in the spanish government , they would never allow that voting . 
  i also admire her because of her refugees politics . 
  she might be a religious person , but she is also a humanist and shes is not a racist or a pauperophobist . 
  again , our conservative parties and our church are totally incapable of such exercises of ethical maturity . 
  you are all forgeting about the numerous nationalists in europe , the le pens and berlusconis , nationalist basques and catalans , not to forget the ones from the baltic , the banlcans , etc. 
  they exist and they claim their ancestors and origins by blood . 
  there is also people , lots of people in europe , that deny having an arab , jew , african , native american ancestry , but everyone wants to have a saxon or a normand in the family . 
  you can see such claims daily even here in reddit !, 
  this same thing happens in the usa , they worry because they could have black antecessors or be of spanish ancestry , tsk , tsk . 
  this is it absolutely . 
  yet , i guess . 
  very edifying indeed . 
  there is nothing universally loved , i am sorry . 
  what for ones is a present from god , for others is satan incarnated and for others is plain boredom . 
  i totally agree with the system changing but put some of the guilt in the students and their parents too , to be fair . 
  i think that your view about homogenization of culture is very accurate . 
  so homogenizated that it actually is an a-culturation . 
  calm down , seriously . 
  i am not interested in fighting . 
  i am just talking about my experience in my almost 50 years of life and my mom 's and my sis ' both teachers , one of english . 
  you and i may not have the same experiences , but that does not mean you can insult me and further more , get so outraged . 
  edit : well , sure you can get that ourraged , sorry . 
  i was just trying to say you should not get that outraged . 
  i am not your enemy . 
  i have an other theory about the frying aspargus thing . 
  non wild green aspargus are actually very easy to fry because they are thick , and by the way , delicious . 
  wild aspargus however are really thin and can only be eaten in an omelette or raw . 
  if you fry them , they disappear . 
  i believe that saying `` go fry aspargus '' is telling someone they are stupid . 
  other similar expression is `` looks who is talking , the one that baked the lard '' . 
  cancer sufferer is an insult ? 
  man , i die laughing . 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  noo , you did not forget it . 
  if you were back in italy for a few days , on the day two you would be amazed of how much italian you still talk . 
  believe me , your italian is still there . 
  madrid . 
  i remember aaaages ago , when i was a child , there were bonfires and dancing and family parties . 
  now there is nothing and no one celebrates it , not even the people living in the suburbs . 
  chill , friend . 
  there is no culture of music in spain . 
  people may listen to music all the time , but that does not mean they have a real interest in it . 
  they just need the noise . 
  you said yourself that they listen to crappy music , that is because they do not have the minimum curiosity . 
  what you say is the same as saying that people only eating fast food are actually interested in nutrition and gastronomy . 
  they are not interested in learning other languages , it is a fact . 
  spanish people is like ashamed of speaking not only any other language , even a correct use of spanish rises eyebrows . 
  i do not hate my country , i am just a connoisseur . 
  basically spanish people do not have a musical ear or interest in music at all . 
  nor they are interested in learning other languages . 
  nor they are interested in knowing about the world . 
  mix this all and you have someone virtually deaf except for the racing cars and motorbikes . 
  my mother 's side can be traced to 1400 . 
  my father 's side to 1700 . 
  i have a good ear to pick accents and languages , but i think , tho i could be wrong , that spanish people is bad at this . 
  edit : added couple commas . 
  do not suffer : there is nothing on earth worse than the french accent of someone from the usa . 
  we have so many different kinds of police ; some of the autonomous communities have their own , like basques and catalans ; together with that we have national police and guardia civil , then municipal police , then the guys of the traffic in madrid . 
  the municipal police in madrid city is corrupt , lazy ( absent most of the time when needed ) ignorant and dangerous . 
  stay away from them . 
  the national police in madrid are corrupt too , but at least work from time to time . 
  we had ultraconservative mayors in madrid for more than 25 years and the police is as corrupt as the politicians were . 
  the result is that the citizens of madrid are alone against crime . 
  also : rimmel - eyelashes masc albal - aluminium foil plastilina - plastic clay velux - roof windows k\u00e4rcher - high pressure cleaners tupperware - tupperwares jeep cello - adhesive transparent tape, 
  graduations with hats and whatnot . 
  kindergarten is over ? 
  graduation pics with hat and all . 
  my nephews graduate every single year , it 's awful . 
  halloween is now a plague in spain . 
  the shame is that we had our night of the witches on the 24th june , the summer solstice , and that is being lost . 
  also we had our `` all saints day '' or the day of the death on 1st november , and that is disappearing too . 
  we have humans too and bankers and church elites . 
  french and spanish . 
  omg , madrid smug !, 
  no way !, 
  this is so true , u/metroxed . 
  in terms of sense of humour , my favs are dutchies , brits and finnish . 
  nothing . 
  you used to be really polite but not anymore , sorry . 
  my vote in politeness goes to portugal , cyprus and the north of spain . 
  idealista and oxl . 
  maginate does not work in spanish , sound like marginate , sounds bad . 
  for a spanish speaker magimagi writen mayimayi would work very well . 
  alioli ( made of garlic , olive oil , salt , basically ) , [ mojo pic\u00f3n ] ( https://www.hogarmania.com/cocina/recetas/salsas/201001/mojo-picon-2791.html ) , [ mahonesa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mayonnaise ) and [ romesco ] ( https://www.calsots.com/receta-salsa-de-calcots.html ) to be eaten just with a kind of young onions . 
  the piri piri is dangerous , so hot . 
  i luv it . 
  delicious pesto . 
  yes , coffee , like other people here give tea , which has theine , which is actually caffeine . 
  to me too . 
  and coffee . 
  just you know , pour a few drops so it gets colour . 
  bread with olive oil and tomato , coffee and milk . 
  nice . 
  i am in a casual environment .
