  audi , i am looking at you . 
  i think you are missing the whole lot . 
  beautiful , thank you !, 
  txilar is heather , isnt ' t it ? 
  i speak basque , the old one . 
  no , i do not agree with only catalans voting . 
  everyone voting if you wish even the same day so the results do not alter the votes . 
  koskojo means heather - brezo in spanish - and by association it also means small , because of the size of the hearther flower . 
  actually we do not work . 
  the law is the law and it works independently . 
  not really , just bugging and annoyance . 
  nicely writen sentence , by the way . 
  that source is suspicious . 
  i do not trust it . 
  martyrology machine on the move , working hard . 
  bug off and get to work . 
  beautiful . 
  chacol\u00ed sounds like some mexican hummingbird . 
  flag and all no idea of basque ? 
  yes . 
  i never said other thing ? 
  the october thing does not follow the rules . 
  yes , but following the rules , like in democracy . 
  i think you meant unimaginable ? 
  maybe not . 
  i could imagine it and also the rising of podemos and even iu . 
  what i never could imagin is people still voting to the cup , ciu and even some pestilent psoe . 
  i think that by some kind of magical thinking you came to the conclusion that i am nationalistic too . 
  i am sorry , but no , i am not . 
  i agree to some extent , but that applies to all spain , not only catalonia . 
  do we want to change things ? 
  let 's gather the votes we need . 
  pablo iglesias had a gold chance to find an agreement with the psoe for punctual constitutional necessary reforms , but it is lost forever due to a lack of strategic thought and also to a distored perception of the `` enemy '' . 
  i am all for a few good changes in our constitution , but we all vote , one person , one vote , as it should be . 
  if you know , why do you ask ? 
  are you bored , koskojo ? 
  to know what basque and spanish history have in common , as you asked first ? 
  oh , i thought you had left . 
  listen , do not mention peace as something you gracefully let the rest have , it sounds ... hmmm ... suspicious . 
  i never said you can not vote . 
  i always said that yes , you vote , but the rest of spain votes first . 
  because you are a part of us and we are a part of you , you want it or not . 
  sure i know spanish nationalism is nationalism too . 
  i see your point trying to find an equilibrium , so necessary sometimes . 
  but other times the apparently virtuous middlepoint is far from being right or lets say fair . 
  erc is in it with the cup . 
  all said . 
  thank you , mate . 
  no , my friend , not only in spain . 
  actually our constitution is a copy of other constitutions , even giving the votes of different regions a higher value than others , you know , [ d'hont law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/victor_d%27hondt ) is a copy of other constitutions . 
  our constitution is based on the universal declaration of human rights . 
  spain is in the ue , another guaranty of democracy . 
  your argument does not stand . 
  you lack democratic values and that shows . 
  again , you are talking about different things . 
  find the cost of corruption related to communities . 
  also , is n't pp nationalist too ? 
  tsk , tsk . 
  sorry again , i do n't watch tv because i get sick . 
  ones and the others do not let ther rest live in peace and build something beautiful , smart and lasting . 
  it is all lil persons whining and shouting . 
  i insist , that is how democracy works . 
  see ? 
  that is why nationalisms are so dangerous , because they are ready to run over democracies to fulfill their wills . 
  even having born in a democracy some nationalisms do not know how to handle freedom . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rv7k8hqpo4 also having a txacoli with some linguist could be of great help , because the strong sounds of castilian phonetics are inherited from the basques among others thru the centuries . 
  i am sorry to inform you that that is exactly how parlamentary democracies work . 
  you just need a sufficient number of votes . 
  it is not a question of wanting it badly , it is a question of democracy and abiding the law and it can be done . 
  you have to work , stop whining and you know , earn some respect by working hard . 
  it was voted at the congress , not in the other different communities . 
  you do not know how this things work , you have no idea about laws . 
  am i ridiculous ? 
  are n't you more ridiculous behaving like a brat and pretending all of catalonias problems are because of spain ? 
  geez , grow up . 
  you know the real problem ? 
  your barretina does not let you see the world . 
  what ??? 
  you have not idea !, 
  listen . 
  if you vote to let 's say izquierda unida , that has `` abolishing the monarchy '' in their program , and they win with a sufficient votes , and they implement the law and it passes the congress and the senate , spain will become a republic . 
  it can be done , sure it can . 
  do you want to be upset ? 
  what is rodr\u00edguez school or slam comedy ? 
  i just made a direct translation from spanish , quite accurate , by the way . 
  i am not abrassive , i am experienced . 
  you all made the sides first , i did not . 
  nationalism is a question of sides . 
  i do not have a side . 
  they do have a side . 
  sesamy street , you know . 
  ooooh nononono , they are writing treaties on how to solve poor catalonia missery and viacrucis , belonging to a democratic country so bad as spain is . 
  and by the way . 
  you have partial control of your taxes . 
  you do not have total or almost total control of them because when negotiating the constitution your nationalists were asked if they wanted to be a comunidad foral , like navarra , and you gratiously declined . 
  your law , would n't have be good for all the communities ? 
  yes , it would . 
  do you think we are happy with our goverment ???? 
  are you crazy ? 
  all .
