  there is a gif in the recent posts of spain , it exists . 
  yes , but while you fight the de-spanisation you are losing track of reallity and missing oportunities . 
  it 's stupid . 
  stop inspecting your belly button all day . 
  awh , i beg your pardon . 
  i can not see your flag in my app , sorry . 
  i lost context . 
  i am a woman and no , i do not have an inferiority complex . 
  if you put me in another we you are saying you and i are different . 
  why exactly ? 
  ah yes , you are catalan or basque and omg , a different race , superior one . 
  comprehension can save lives . 
  understanding does save lives . 
  yes , but catalonia wont be in the project because it wont be a part of the esa , silly creature . 
  see what i say ? 
  you stated no facts . 
  do you think that complaining is above in importance than solving the problems that you have that are the same friggin problems that in the rest of the rich world ? 
  you control your education budget , your health care budget , your police , your taxing , your everything already , from many years ago . 
  what the heck are you waiting for solving your problems ? 
  you live in a democracy , stop the martyrology and work . 
  what is my side according to you ? 
  well , first of all , read some spanish history , or even get you a couple of gifs depicting the evolution of iberia thru the centuries . 
  there is a recent one . 
  30 seconds of your life is cheap price not to be preposterous again . 
  second , you are comparing two things that are not equal nor are ruled equaly . 
  man , we are about to set a foot in mars , have gone to the moon , dunno , see the world , do things . 
  in a world getting more and more reunited , stop thinking like more than a hundred years ago . 
  you are saying you are very clean , i am saying you are as dirty and filthy as the rest of spain , but in your case is your adored nationalists steeling fullhands . 
  so boring , this crap adds nothing to solving the real problems in spain , europe or the world and demotivates societies . 
  bummer . 
  insidious nationalism . 
  also , i do understand that you may not agree with my opinion , but i also stated facts . 
  and the facts that i stated are true . 
  yes , this is the way . 
  but spain should have the right to vote too if our constitution should be modified to accomodate your wishes , or those of other communities in the same point . 
  depending on what the other communities vote , you can initiate your processes of secession . 
  do we have to thank you because your are pacific ? 
  no way , dude . 
  corruption in catalonia is rampant , get your figures straight . 
  also you know , independence and nationalism are * so * 19th century , * so * old . 
  im sorry with all the editing , i could n't mark the links for my life , geez . 
  i find pathetic the indepedent movement trying to distract the catalonian society with this bullshit so they do not wonder why they [ have increased their rate of poor children in a 23 % in the last years , according to save the children ] ( http://www.20minutos.es/noticia/2960420/0/informe-pobreza-infantil-severa-cataluna-save-the-children/ ) . 
  or gigantic corruption precisely in the independent parties in spanish , sorry , el diario , [ cases of corruption in catalonia ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/tribunaabierta/panorama-corrupcion-catalunya_6_646445382.html ) ; the ue stating that if catalonia leaves spain they are not a part of the eu , etc. 
  spain , portugal , italy and france . 
  this year i can not do it because of family commitments but next year i am going to have a full month in portugal . 
  i love portugal with passion . 
  this is really sad , she was a legend . 
  you ca n't force it , it just happens . 
  why do i need those lame statistics and the media if i have my own experience ? 
  listen , compared to spain you are demigods in green politics . 
  you really can not accept some praising ? 
  today is a day of pride for germany , just rejoice a little . 
  you ubercritical creatures !, 
  second coffee thru the nose of the day, 
  yes , right , but you have excellent numbers in clean energies and recycling too . 
  i am not saying you are perfect , i am just saying you are better than the majority and this new law makes you even better . 
  accept my appreciation graciously , dammit !, 
  good person cheering up the bot . 
  really ? 
  think about it carefully . 
  germany , now you are an example for other countries not only in green politics and work ethics , also in humanism . 
  just got coffee thru my nose and it is your fault . 
  adoption for gay couples is legal in spain since 2005 and we have not seen a single bad day for that reason . 
  love makes happy persons . 
  hate and fear make sad lil cowards . 
  our legislation is the same as in northern countries . 
  why are we guilty of the behaviour of the others ? 
  there 's no ban , actually , it is the chance of voting in the buildings for a ban , so is for the benefit of the owners and neighbours . 
  why is this so wrong to you ? 
  i am sorry to inform you , u/myrisingstocks , that you are wrong . 
  the north is clean and calm because its citizens do not dare to behave like they do in the south . 
  on holidays they become wild , get drunk , pee , poo and puke on the streets , specially the young ones , but not only . 
  it is not that they are saints , it is that they are inhibited in their countries because they know they could get a high fine and even end in jail . 
  i was nodding while reading your text , really , but you are still very wrong , sorry . 
  your eyes are right . 
  well said indeed . 
  what you are saying may be right for russia , but it is completely wrong in the european democracies . 
  so why am i downvoted ? 
  you peoples are way too downvoticious . 
  c'mon , germany , in spain we have gay marriage and adoption and the whole pack since 2005 . 
  you can not be behind spain !, 
  https://twitter.com/madrid/status/879351336361496577 here with subtitles in french . 
  you are being downvoted by the spanish trumpists or tardofascists . 
  yes , el pa\u00eds sucks , such a shame . 
  i am a she , and yes , i was talking about charles v and philip ii . 
  traditionally in spain is exactly the opposite . 
  we tried to reach some agreement with france against britain and they would say oui , ouiiiii , and then help britain . 
  parisians used to be the problem , not france . 
  and that was aaaages ago . 
  from what i am reading if you come to spain in winter you will be needing the ac ; if we spanish go to finland in summer , we will need a heating system . 
  mosquitos there are as big as aircraft carriers . 
  i love england too , but i am old enough to have known a different england , really leading the cultural life of the world . 
  but that times passed long ago and as a prove we have the brexit . 
  and what about the old dead hen in poland ? 
  do you people know that in spain the stereotype of the coward is italian ? 
  french people is believed to be brave and courageous . 
  yes , it is wrong because i did not take a look at the dates . 
   what germans were ever part of the spanish empire ? 
   yeah you did n't control any part of germany ( as the hre ) after 1558 make your mind , please . 
  by the way , if you continue reading you may find more about history and understand why the european stereotypes we are discussing is so biased to favour spain .
