  i do n't `` oppose '' it totally , i just wish for it to be regulated heavily and not treated as a form of contraception . 
  the pro-choice campaign in ireland 's aims at the present moment in time are to totally repeal the abortion law , and are presenting a `` do n't like abortion ? 
  do n't do it ! '', 
  mentality . 
  usually i would agree with this mentality and did so for the likes of the lgbt movement , but on the issue of abortion i do n't think it should be as easy as walking into your doctor and saying `` 1 abortion please ! '' . 
  in cases of rape , incest and a baby that will not live once it is born , i believe that abortion should be legal . 
  i 'm afraid there 's just no statistics or facts given forward by the pro-choice campaign to dispel my fears of abortion as a contraceptive for me to agree with their goals of a full repeal of the irish abortion laws . 
  please try and avoid saying things like `` what is wrong with the irish and polish ? '' . 
  it was that type of mentality of `` what on earth is wrong with these people that do n't agree with what i do ? '', 
  that persuaded the working class of britain to vote for brexit , and the us to vote for trump and the rise of the right wing in europe . 
  the irish and polish are traditionally conservative , catholic nations that as a part of their faith did not believe in aborting an unborn life , and if it takes the people of those countries time to come around to the common practice of the world , so be it . 
  i believe abortion will be legalized in some form in the very near future in ireland anyway as the older more conservative demographic die off . 
  tolerance of other cultures and religions does n't just mean muslims . 
  this is a huge problem in ireland . 
  in our general elections our young people turnout [ 18-25 ] on average is one of the lowest in europe at 59 % , whereas when it came to the gay marriage referendum in 2015 there was record numbers . 
  once gay marriage was passed the left here re focused onto another single issue , legalising abortion . 
  whilst i 'm left leaning i have my doubts about this particular issue , and disagreeing with other left leaning people who support it tends to see me considered as a `` fascist '' as the head of the pro-choice campaign here calls pro-lifers . 
  this is the problem with single issue politics as you say , it divides the left and thus gives more power to the united right . 
  this was just my two cents to back up your point , good comment !, 
  dublin city council are a cancer to the city . 
  they have a weird phobia of high rise buildings . 
  anyone know why the east/siberia is colder than usual and western europe is hotter ? 
  is there some rare blocking in place that 's keeping the heat here ? 
  our football team would n't survive without the granny rule . 
  i used to think that way for a while . 
  but then i realised any decision to join a more centralized eu state would be entirely the choice of the irish people . 
  british control was forced upon us , oppression and prejudice followed . 
  european sovereignty would be by choice , probably a referendum . 
  the leaders of 1916 and 1921 fought for irish people to have the ability to make decisions for themselves , and if the irish people think joining a super state would be a good idea , then that 's what we 'll do . 
  either way , we 'd have the choice , and that 's something we would n't have if it wasnt for our ancestors . 
  id love to go to sardinia some day . 
  always looks so beautiful . 
  26 degrees to an irishman is the equivalent of 50 degrees to the rest of europe . 
  i guess you were n't in ireland today then . 
  missed a cracker of a day . 
  if you 're an eu citizen , coming here is easy . 
  finding a place to live however ... 
  currently sat outside in a hoody in ireland , 13 degrees with a cool wind . 
  give us a lend of 10 degrees ? 
  come to ireland , 25 degrees comes once every couple of years . 
  at least some parts of britain gets heat sometimes in the summer . 
  ours is a steady constant of `` lads it 's 18 degrees , beach ? 
   prefer nato and not a european army what 's wrong with disliking a european army ? 
  i think ireland would be with the uk in being against that . 
  we ca n't afford to make enemies due to our size . 
  a bigger army only helps the agendas of the countries in the eu with the greatest influence/defensive capabilities . 
  sadiq kahn deflecting the news to the amazing response of the fire men ( rightfully so , 6 minutes is incredible ) rather than pointing out how london council could ever allow such a fire hazard to exist in the first place , despite the numerous protests from residents there . 
  politicians gon na politic . 
  yeah we 're not leaving anytime soon . 
  there 's nothing more irish than doing the opposite of britain . 
  that said , if the eu begin playing hard ball over a hard border between roi/ni i can see that being a big enough issue to sow discontent , especially if violence springs up in ni again . 
  id rather nationalism is appeased by people throwing javelins into the ground than war . 
  usually if there 's a famine in your country that kills/migrates half the population of an island , the government helps . 
  exactly , the thought of an united ireland is romantic to a lot of us , but when you boil it down the north needs huge funding , and 10bn is a lot of money to ireland ( see the fuss made about where we should spend apple 's bill ) . 
  i still think it 's a long chance at happening . 
  not only do they have to vote for it , we have to vote for it . 
  i know a lot of people who do n't want to have to pay for north , we 're by far larger in terms of gdp , average income and exports and it 'll cost a lot of money getting the north up to speed . 
  our economy is growing , but we 're still not far out of the frying pan . 
  plus , i do n't think we should be calling for it just because unionists are beginning to falter for the first time . 
  we must respect their wishes and their rights . 
  additionally , does anyone know or thought about how `` united '' we will be in this scenario ? 
  will the north be an autonomous region ? 
  will our political system now replicate that of macedonia , where the majority of the population votes along traditional right/left lines but now a party representing a large ethnic minority holds the power ? 
  the british ethnic minority in an united ireland will account for a sizable amount of the population , perhaps up towards 15 % -20 % , a voter base like that will decide most elections especially the stalemate between fg/ff last year . 
  time to get eddie hobbs out of hibernation , the boom is back baby . 
  oh no , what if our children go online and see that abortion and blasphemy are totally normal in other countries ? 
  whatever will we do ? 
  we spent 800 years trying to defend ourselves from foreign rulers without help , excuse us for being a bit tired . 
  there 's nothing more predominately irish than doing the opposite of the uk . 
  i do n't he means literally made the us into superpowers . 
  i think he more so means the thousands of irish immigrants , forced abroad by oppressive foreign rulers during times of famine or poverty , who worked on construction sites for a lot of the infrastructure you see in us cities today such as the subway in nyc . 
  i think le pen is more powerful in opposition than she is in power . 
  unless something is done about the issues which led to her being in the final two of the presidential race , then she 'll be back in 2022 and will win . 
  calling smaller countries in the eu `` irrelevant '' is exactly the high horse attitude that may , le pen and trump is using to raise anti-eu sentiment . 
  it 's a union , not `` what will benefit france or germany ? '' . 
  if countries do leave , no matter who it is , it could set about a chain of events that would leave it difficult for the eu to operate as it is currently . 
  i would n't call us that irrelevant if the french president is making us a part of his manifesto . 
  not saying that the loopholes are n't bad , because they are . 
  but people are taking notice of us now that we 're growing , nobody cared 7 years ago when we were in the shit . 
  it 's this sitting on a high horse in berlin mentality complaining about `` smaller countries '' which will break the eu . 
  it does n't take much to further may or trump 's dumb agendas that the eu is a quasi german state , and taking shots at the smaller countries is only asking for another brexit to happen . 
  the eu can not ensure irish unity , only the people of northern ireland can under the good friday agreement . 
  if the eu introduces a hard border between ireland and n. ireland the eu it will cause untold unrest in the region the likes of which have n't been seen in 20 years . 
  any country leaving the eu in the midst of brexit is very dangerous for it 's future , it would be very naive to think an ireland or netherlands or luxembourg leaving would n't mean anything because we do n't have `` competitive companies '' . 
  britain nowadays does n't need much ammunition to take shots at the eu , and another country joining them out of the eu will only further may and trump 's agendas . 
  the eu need to be promoting collaboration rather than competitiveness . 
  france 's president openly declaring taxation war on another member is n't a good way to do that . 
  i do n't think the loopholes are what marcon is addressing , which i agree need to be fixed . 
  but more our low rates in general . 
  the eu need to be promoting collaboration between member states rather than competitiveness , especially in the post brexit world where the eu will need to show people in other countries how beneficial membership is so another brexit does n't happen . 
  as long as the good friday agreement can be maintained as close as it is to right now , i 'll be happy . 
  same , except 80 % of eastern europe and balkans are `` countries i saw on eurovision '' . 
  i worked in a summer camp with some italian students that visited ireland for a summer . 
  despite questioning why i was wearing shorts in `` only '' 20 degree weather , i loved them . 
  very knowledgeable about their football and coffee , that 'll always make a friend out of me !, 
   irish nationalism for me means murdering innocent people , launching campaigns of terror and ignoring what the irish populace want . 
  when i think of irish nationalism , i think of the murder of michael collins as a result of eamon de valera 's civil war . 
  i think of the ira , the troubles . 
  then , after independence , the irish government becomes like any other , leaving their populace in the dust . 
  the jadotville jacks come to mind .
