nothing is certain in warfare , the maginot line was considered `` a work of genius '' before ww2 . 
  you 're forgetting that in the event of a us withdraw from nato , that russia would have free access to move about the arctic and thus the atlantic ? 
  it 's easy to disregard improbable strategies as a larger nation , but as a smaller nation , no chances can be taken . 
  or someone from the east wishes to flank europe from behind whilst the eu forces are occupied on an eastern front . 
  hammer and anvil , the oldest trick in the book . 
  as much as i 'd like to agree with you , i 'm afraid it is n't that simple . 
  the germans had actually drawn up plans to invade us during ww2 , with hitler himself thinking that the occupation of the ireland would `` end the war '' , but would only be carried out by invitation or if ireland was imminently threatened by britain . 
  ** this is the power of neutrality ** . 
  if we were to be like `` get fucked hitler '' right from the start , you bet britain would of seriously considered occupying us again , and thus the germans would have incentive to attack us . 
  whilst france and germany have great defensive terrain and would love to have all the nations of europe funding their foreign policies , for the smaller nations it is n't feasible and it 's dangerous . 
  i do n't support it as an irishman . 
  our whole state was founded for the ability to make decisions for ourselves rather than other powers telling us what to do by dictating our foreign policy . 
  ireland can not afford to make enemies due to it 's size and perfect location as a launching pad for any invasion of the uk . 
  whilst i 'm pro eu in many aspects , the idea of a common army and foreign policy puts a sour taste in my mouth . 
  number 3 will only deter the smaller nations like ireland and grow anti eu feeling . 
  all of this talk about defending against the big bully putin when the bigger eu states will force smaller ones to hate the nations they want them to hate . 
  if we 're to look on the bright side of things , the anti british sentiment after the famine contributed ultimately to our independence , and we do n't have to share a nation that produces such intolerance . 
  anyone that tries that ukip or right wing nonsense here gets laughed off . 
  irish nationalism is traditionally left wing to counter british nationalism which like most european countries is tied to the right . 
  a similar situation exists in spain where the catalans are left in response to franco . 
  what happened to us was awful , but i feel it 's made us a stronger people ultimately . 
  no , and that 's a core problem with western education especially . 
  in ireland we learn mainly about the problems between catholic and protestant christians because the conflict between those two religions has been so evident on our island for hundreds of years and can still be seen today by the existence of northern ireland . 
  the majority of people only think of islam as this one unified religious community ( possible due to the media ) and do n't realise it 's quite similar to christianity in that it too had schisms throughout the years and not all followers of islam believe the same things , just like how catholics do n't believe the same things as protestant or orthodox christians . 
  it 's quite telling that i only learnt about the different types of islam from a video game , europa universalis 4 . 
  real men play byzantium in eu4 . 
  i often wonder if social media has been so prevalent in the 1970s/80s if irish people would be facing the same discrimination as syrians or iraqis are now . 
  the similarities are stark . 
  poor country , mass emigration , a militant group that alleges to represent the cause of their people attacking foreign countries . 
  the very paper in question once called for an irish ban from uk sporting events and fines for ira disruption to public transport . 
  it 's hard to see from the other side , but i do sympathize with the syrians and iraqis who are being told that terrorism is a part of their culture , like how people used to think being irish meant you want to put a bomb in every bin you walk past . 
  even if n ireland wanted to join us , we 'd have to vote to allow them in . 
  it 's probably a generational thing but i 've always seen ni as different from us and i do n't want to pick up the burden of their economy , so i would n't want a union . 
  however keeping the free travel area and open border is so important for the stability of the region . 
  it 'll be a real test of where the eu 's real priorities lie when negotiations happen . 
  we 're too focused on the dublin region , neglecting other big towns in the country such as cork , galway and limerick . 
  this has led to a huge housing crisis in dublin where it 's not too uncommon for people in their mid 20s to still be living with their parents . 
  those lucky enough to move out and find somewhere to live are either commuting hours per day to work in dublin , or working just to stay in the black and afford the astronomical rent prices in the city . 
  the city council refuses to build high rise buildings to combat the sprawl to preserve dublin 's `` historic skyline '' or some bullshit reason like that , basically meaning we want to look nice for tourists . 
  this spells problems for us if we 're to take advantage of being the only english speaking country left in the eu , and thus attract companies from the uk to set up here , because really there 's no room for them here to set up . 
  i remember being in the top tier of croke park in 2005 at the height of the boom and marveling at the sheer number of cranes around the city . 
  yesterday i was walking near the convention centre and it dawned on me again the amount of cranes in the dublin skyline . 
  are we building our way to riches again ? 
  do we ever learn ? 
  no , and that 's why we do n't go picking fights with global powers . 
  for example , we may not like trump , but openly criticizing him when american multi nationals like ireland just is n't a clever thing to do . 
  $ 277bn was invested by american mutlinational companies here in the past 20 years , and we 'd like to keep that . 
  however , if we stood with germany/merkel 's opinion of him at the moment and started attacking him in the media , we could end up losing a lot of that money . 
  in a centralized european superstate , where would 4 million people on a little island off the continent losing some investment rank on it 's list of priorities ? 
  not very high i 'd imagine . 
  that 's why we need to make our own decisions and policies . 
  we benefit a lot from the eu in it 's current state . 
  we like the eu , the eu likes us ( when we tax properly ) . 
  the type of nationalism seen in europe is literally laughed off here , in fact our most nationalist party sinn f\u00e9in is left-wing . 
  this is purely a historical reaction to our former overlords britain , who 's nationalism is embodied in the conservative party . 
  a similar situation exists in catalonia where nationalists are left wing as a historical response to franco 's right wing movement . 
  all this considered , ireland is one of the eu 's biggest supporters ( there 's nothing more irish than doing the opposite of what britain is doing ) and the eu could do with supporters right now , so forcing our hand in foreign policy is n't a good idea . 
  see this is what unsettles me about the eu . 
  all this talk about superstates will only benefit germany or france as `` founding memebers '' , a.k.a the strong countries becoming stronger , whilst putting the smaller countries in the crosshairs . 
  ireland fought for 600 years to be able to make its own decisions and not become a militarized state . 
  i am pro eu , but all this superstate and common army stuff puts a bad taste in my mouth . 
  we struggle to pay bus drivers never mind buy gas . 
  a bit of both of those . 
  the older generation of irish society grew up in an ireland that was virtually ruled by the catholic church , and that generation are the ones in government at the moment , so they hold quite traditional views/ideologies in comparison to the western world and the younger people in ireland . 
  ireland 's first constitution in 1937 took influence from the polish one at the time , hence in these graphics both of our nations tend to have similar statistics . 
  schools and hospitals back then and even to this day were/are owned by the church also , which allowed them to exert influence over the years . 
  the same sex marriage referendum last year which completely legalized same sex marriage showed that religious conservatism is on the downfall here . 
  once the generation in power moves on ireland should catch up on a lot of social issues . 
  unless the life of the mother is at risk , which was only made law after the death of an indian woman who died giving birth here in 2012 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_savita_halappanavar, 
  we 're taking these things seriously now ? 
  tbh in a hypothetical world where the north wishes to join us and we get a referendum on it , i 'd vote no . 
  most of my life span has been post gfa and the north has always been `` different '' to me . 
  plus we can hardly support ourselves never mind one of europe 's poorest areas . 
  if it 's 15c in ireland we 're at the beach . 
  sometimes i 'm thankful that social media did n't exist during the height of the ira 's campaign . 
  people who considered themselves fighting for ireland and what it stood for , including it 's claim on northern ireland . 
  650 civilians died in the uk/ireland during that campaign . 
  probably would 've seen a lot of `` it 's a problem with irish ideology !!!! '', 
  or `` stop irish migrants to the uk and us !!!! '' . 
  something along those lines actually did used to appear in the uk press during this time , it was equally as racist towards irish people as it is towards islam right now https://i.gyazo.com/59a5b8547f0dec18fa7cd491d63ea3ba.png dress it up in whichever way you like , the problem is fundamentally racism . 
  people do n't like other people who are n't like them and will find excuses for their hate . 
  it has n't changed throughout human history and is n't going to change anytime soon . 
  although there is hope , i do n't think many people consider the irish as `` pyschopaths '' and terrorists in 2016 . 
  i just hope we find a way to stop this generalization of islam in a similar way . 
  it 's so interesting to read the stories of those who are actually feeling climate change , in ireland the weather has changed very little if at all . 
  winters are still mild ( little snow ) and summers are still cool ( rarely over 25 degrees ) . 
  famous last words . 
  whilst i do n't think we 're particularly high on is ' agenda when the uk and france are literally on our doorstep , all it takes is one radicalized person . 
  you know what i meant . 
  people from all walks of life . 
  i understand your viewpoint as an irishman born in ireland , but as an irishman born in the uk to irish migrants i can tell you that for most of my life i felt separated from my `` ethnic homeland '' despite moving `` home '' from a young age . 
  just because i had an irish surname and white skin did n't help me assimilate what so ever . 
  kids in school bullied me for my `` posh '' accent , told me to go home and other nasty racial slurs . 
  all this despite both sides of my family being irish for generations ( even fought in the war of independence and civil war ) , i was clearly not welcome here until i lost my london accent , when all of a sudden people were now questioning why i claimed to be english . 
  nationality is a fickle , superficial concept that people judge based on your name and appearance . 
  if there 's an ethnic pole , lithuanian or muslim who has spent their whole lives born and bred in ireland , to me they 're as much of an irishman as michael collins or brian o'driscoll . 
  they 're certainly more irish than i am . 
  i love this country , i belt out the fields of athenry and arann na bhfainn at sporting occasions and it 's my `` ethnic homeland '' , but i 'm not from here , they are . 
  that 's a sensible system , one which i think i could agree with if it was posed to me in a vote . 
  it 's more so i do n't wish for people to rush into it and for abortions to be just as common and easy as any other form of contraception .
