the only thing i know is that i 'm going to buy gas masks if this does n't stop soon . 
  your balcony is beautiful !, 
  completely legal . 
  according to dutch voting law , the voting result must be announced by saying it out loud . 
  so geenstijl organised over 1000 people going to the voting station and sending them the results . 
  anyone can attend the counting . 
  even minister plasterk said it was fine !, 
  actually , dutch blog geenstijl [ has counted the votes from voting stations . 
  ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/archives/images/definitieveuitslaggroot.html ) edit : you can view the map [ here ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/eu2014/resultaat/ ), 
  i do n't have any pets at my student 's apartment , but my parents have two cats i grew up with . 
  incidentally , i 'm going to see them now , maybe i 'll post pics later today  and be sure to visit / r/thenetherlands for tips where to go !, 
  amsterdam is n't the `` real '' netherlands tourists seem to think it is . 
  i 'd vouch for utrecht , beautiful city . 
  no offence , but you sound kinda overworked . 
  time for a vacation ? 
  also , do n't pay attention to that dick . 
  just look at his post history , it 's not worth it . 
  internet is a decentralized system by nature . 
  the same required infrastructure can be found or easily set up anywhere else in the world . 
  all video games , film and television are american inventions . 
  ** read the proposal and the amendments made today ** . 
  there 's a lot of bullshit going on in there . 
  hey - i 'm not saying kids should n't wear one . 
  i wore a helmet the first year i started bicycling without training wheels , as any child should . 
  but traffic here is so accustomed and geared toward bicyclists there really is no need for a helmet as long as you know how to not fall over . 
  i can understand you 'd wear one in other countries though . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd feel safe bicycling in , say , paris or barcelona . 
  no you do n't . 
  are you bloody kidding me . 
  the only thing us presidents do is follow the orders of their corporate sponsors . 
  morals are just a silly disguise . 
   as a nationalist , a national-socialist and russian patriot , i feel that i need to move in my 2 kopeikas about the situation in ukraine . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this, 
  how many curecs is a standard shit then ? 
  i have to know . 
  how about no, 
  pls no, 
  did americans draw the map as well ? 
  please not the huis van de stad !, 
  that thing 's atrocious :(, 
   not in front of an embassy, 
  [ utrecht ] ( http://utrecht.groenlinks.nl/files/imageupload/sticky_teaser_image_1/zebrapetrapepijn2.jpg ) did it too !, 
  just not in front of an embassy . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'd love to live there . 
  sounds exactly like the hostel where we were staying , too . 
  what 's with the double windows ? 
  we could n't figure out a reason for those . 
  i love how those gr\u00fcnderzeithausen look !, 
  i was in prague last week and these were the only ones i saw . 
  how does the local population think of living in one of those ? 
  one thing that still bothers me is that there was no mention of srebrenica at all . . not really much about indonesia either . 
  nah , no oil there . 
  haha , got to love the speld . 
  is it worth all that ? 
  biggest excuse ever . 
  time to move there then !, 
  i 'm 19 , that must explain something haha . 
  strange though , i 've been interested in politics for as long as i can remember but this must 've gone all over my head . 
  as far as i know there 's no voting for eu representatives here . 
  and if there is , it 's extremely untransparent . 
  still , i do n't have the idea they actually do something with it . 
  i guess that 's just the distance between the civilians and politicians . 
  as far as i know , i have no way of influencing my country 's representatives in the europarlement . 
  there 's indirect democracy , which is good , and then there 's the indirect indirect democracy of the eu , which does n't resemble the original idea in the slightest way . 
  i 'm no expert though , it 's just how i feel about it . 
  really ? 
  til , sounds like hell for their maintenance departments . 
  and indeed , i do n't think a police unit would use an ak . 
  there are lots of modern versions though . 
  is there even such a thing as a legal ak in france ? 
  it 's a pretty harsh insult . 
  i 'd visit some nearby cities as well . 
  leiden , gouda utrecht and delft are all very accessible by train . 
  top / r/shitamericanssay material right here, 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  i suggest we flood them with our own names . 
   why is france under attack ? 
  oh please no, 
  what the fuck man, 
  just subtly replace ankara with barad-d\u00fbr :d, 
  how about instead , french people started to learn english ? 
  since most still barely can . 
  i do n't actually think that , but it 's the same rhetoric . 
  i almost had a heart attack !, 
  op do n't ever do this again !, 
  also : `` dat hep op feesboek gestaan '' ( i saw it on facebook ) . 
  a woman of obvious lower education told a tv reporter refugees all got a free house ( iirc ) , but her son did n't . 
  when asked how she knew that she answered she saw it on facebook . 
  the [ capture of brielle ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/capture_of_brielle ) , widely considered to be the turning point in the 80-year war and the birth of the dutch republic . 
  i 'd love to see it from the point of view of the [ geuzen ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/geuzen ) . 
  if you exaggerate you could say our country is founded on the support of pirates . 
  i would say utrecht or leiden as the nicest . 
  huh . 
  what would you classify it as then ? 
  p90 fires fn five-seven , which is somewhere in between iirc . 
  i saw soldiers carrying those when i was on vacation there last month , had to do a double take . 
  thought they were actors for a scifi movie at first . 
  it uses the same ergonomics , but it 's a bullpup 5.56 . 
  the p90 is an smg , this is a rifle .
