you should probably loosen up that tin-foil hat a bit . 
  it 's only supposed to prevent alien rays , not sanity . 
   us terrorist bases it 's a well known usaf past time to go bombing the english countryside , after all . 
  a jolly good time to be had !, 
  the russian federation is not the ussr . 
  it lacks the sheer power , comparative economic strength , and international standing to do more than it already does . 
  so , unfortunately , there wo n't be a space race to come from this . 
  and my point is that there is nothing necessarily wrong with making the argument or believing in the points you expressed just now . 
  you should be willing to argue against it on its merits , not attempt to silence it . 
  something is not evil simply by virtue of you disagreeing with it . 
  proper solutions to a crisis like this do n't come from walled-off groupthink . 
  they come from a wider debate . 
  i said it could be argued , not that i would personally treat someone that way . 
  the argument though is simple - they 've abandoned their original home , and found safety in another country . 
  whether or not that country has officially granted asylum is inconsequential , for all intents and purposes they have a new home , as they were clearly let in and not evicted . 
  do n't be distracted by the argument itself , though . 
  the point i 'm making is that by getting hung up on a definition and claiming to be the only correct interpreter of that definition , you do nothing to further a conversation . 
  you 're also creating problems for future consumption - see : the rise of the far right . 
  normal people do n't get caught up in right wing populism unless they feel ignored and marginalized . 
  it could be argued that upon entering a safe country as a refugee , your home is now that safe country - and you are thus no longer a refugee when further relocating . 
  it * does * matter what people think , and getting hung up on definitions as a way to ignore opposing viewpoints is a rather silly endeavor . 
  there 's no need to keep killing the journos when they 're already terrified of being killed , and thus wo n't publish anything worthy of their murder . 
  it is not an improvement , given that civil liberties have not improved in the same time frame . 
  it is evidence that the killing spree worked . 
  excellent , you 're the best !, 
  all sorts of paywalled . 
  referencing hitler and suggesting one is the worst thing since the other is not done to encourage meaningful discussion . 
  it is done to compare one to the other and place them on the same level . 
  can it . 
  there have been far worse european leaders than merkel in the years after hitler . 
  see : slobodan milosevic , nicolae ceau\u0219escu , franco and stalin if we count the years they enjoyed after the war , vladimir putin , and so on . 
  in terms of just german leaders ( note : not what the original comment was referring to ) , merkel has easily been the most popular in a very long time . 
  so i doubt she 's the worst thing since hitler there , either . 
  still not hitler . 
  yes , because the industrialized murder of millions and burning europe to the ground with war is at all comparable to a flawed immigration policy . 
  i was so foolish to not recognize the similarities earlier . 
  illegal immigrants are not capable of voting . 
  little of what you wrote made much sense . 
  given the observed effect dropping freedom from high places is known to have , i really do n't recommend trying it at home . 
   why is merkel literally hitler and why did she let in all those muslims / sigh can we maybe be a bit less hyperbolic ? 
  here 's your tree fiddy . 
  good work !, 
  the united states is a rebellious child of the u.k. , and has regularly fucked them ( see the death of the empire ) . 
  we get along because the us is more powerful and we share culture , not because they 're our plaything . 
  at least , i 'd like to hope . 
  either way , they are n't a blackfoot in to the eu . 
  edit : lol blackfoot ... backdoor, 
  individual people , even groups of them , are not states or state actors unless they are ordered in by a state . 
  we 're supposed to be better than random murder . 
  well yeah , now tell me something that is n't true !, 
  somehow , i 'm not shocked . 
  why am i not shocked ? 
  i feel like i should be shocked ... 
  there 's myriad suggestions floating around at the moment to solve the problem without throwing down landmines or shooting anyone . 
  the cost of such solutions is of zero consequence - we live in wealthy states capable of affording such `` expensive '' measures . 
  i just want to be clear - to you , the options are landmines or everybody-gets-in free for all ? 
  ... and you think landmines are the better solution ? 
  i do n't even ... 
  there are better ways to solve problems than the wanton massacre of ultimately innocent people . 
  it is n't `` weak willed '' to stay the guns and figure out a better solution . 
  if you think we are n't `` racist '' against people from another state in the us , you do n't know much about the us . 
  your statement was explanatory enough of your view on things . 
  you stated , and i quote :  i do n't need to cite anything , it 'd be a waste of time . 
  ( i 'm better than you , you 're dumb )  read what chomsky said about media in general and how it works . 
  ( referencing obviously politically biased individual 's works to reinforce why you 're better and the person you 're talking to is dumb ) you shared your world view quite clearly . 
  your world view is much less nuanced than chomsky 's , though , as chomsky would likely be willing to listen to alternative points of view when coming to a conclusion - and also be more than willing to provide reference material when necessary to back up an assertion . 
  you elected to just say `` go read chomsky '' without providing a single reference , as if having read chomsky gives one the key to the door of all knowing . 
  so all you said was exactly what i quoted . 
  it had no real merit , offered nothing constructive to any conversation , and has rightfully received scornful downvotes . 
  when you 're willing to engage in an intellectually honest debate on whether or not the bbc is just as bad as rt , perhaps you 'll find more than a polemic or three in your inbox . 
   noam chomsky said something that appealed to my preferred world view and so you must all read it - it is immutable truth and clearly shows where i am right and you are wrong !, 
  i feel like you 'd do well at yale . 
  it 's a fairytale land where something you read momentarily can allow you to tower over your peers and explain to them quite thoroughly why their whole life is a lie , and they are stupid for daring to argue with you - the one true arbiter of truth . 
  or , you should n't pretend that reading something by a politically biased individual gives you glaring insight in to political bias . 
  you 're so f * cking incredibly ^ not ^ ^ wrong ^ ^ ^ ... ^ ^ ^ ^ :'(, 
  now now , they are n't anti-american . 
  they 're almost too american for their own good . 
  americans love a good conspiracy theory , and plenty of people eat them up on the reg . 
  especially the whole gold backed currency being the solution to all our problems thing , i mean ... that 's just textbook american tinfoil hatter . 
  seriously , it 's up and down a bunch of nonsense pulled straight from / r/conspiracy . 
  what a joke . 
  that does n't make even the slightest bit of sense . 
  gold-backed currencies ( with laughably small quantities of gold to back them ) are not some all encompassing panacea for economic backwardness , and the presence of one would have no great impact on developed economies . 
  this is / r/conspiracy level junk , not breaking news . 
  when in doubt - gary . 
  always gary . 
  in what bizarro world was mary 12 years old ? 
  and how in the world did you manage to convince yourself that god raped anyone ? 
  / sigh tumblr is leaking . 
  so let me get this straight - you `` understand '' the structural inequalities in modern society , and therefore you agree with segregation ? 
  hmm ... 
  i respond by ignoring it , helps keep me sane, 
  no , you work for putin when you keep regurgitating propaganda points abandoned back in 2014 . 
  please go bother other subreddits , thx . 
  why does that cartoon assume all americans are blond haired white people ? 
  nope , this cartoon is racist . 
  the phone conversation has been gone over by rt a trillion times and spewed out of sputnik a hundred ways to sunday . 
  it remains no sign of a us led nazi junta coup . 
  you should speak with your handlers and update your propaganda sheet , thx . 
   right now it 's rather only the political system that keeps the us engaged in the world , public opinion ( or at least a very broad stretch of it ) is leaning very much towards isolationism .
