  lol , that bastard will say anything to get popular . 
  he has zero backbone . 
  ano ( or babis to be exact ) has no opinion about it and they 're likely to flip whenever public opinion dips above 50 % . 
  and ano is likely to get a majority on the next election . 
  if our salaries grow , they will grow with or without us joining the euro . 
  so the exchange rate today is irrelevant . 
  we join tomorrow , the salaries increase , and eventually hit the 20czk/eur level that the people want . 
  you are perpetuating a silly myth with no economic foundation . 
  many czechs still think we 're a huge and mighty empire or something ... 
   and our exchange rate is somewhere around 20 czk/eur should be consider joining eurozone . 
  it does n't matter what the exchange rate is at the time we join . 
  we could join tomorrow and salaries would still grow to `` 20 czk/eur '' levels . 
   it will cause high inflation of price of products , that 's a myth . 
  countries that adopted the euro saw an inflation of 2 % at most . 
   political suicide here . 
  euro is very unpopular . 
  not anymore . 
  after the shitty intervention the people no longer trust our central bank . 
  * cries in slavic *, 
  we 'll just use `` british english '' as the eu standard . 
  no way ireland is officially using that one . 
  now that the uk has left ... english ? 
  new economic crisis in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... :(, 
  just looking at that picture gave me a heart attack . 
  sorry , boys ... 
  i blame the voters , not the politicians . 
  well , maybe if people were more careful at electing their politicians we would n't have this problem in the first place ... 
  i 've checked out the photos from zadar beaches and they do n't look so pristine to me . 
  there seems to be a lot of rocks and regular soil is very close to the sand line . 
  is there anywhere in croatia i can find a beach [ like this ] ( https://grabbinglifebytheballs.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/cyprus2016-img_5136.jpg ) ( this one is from cyprus ) ? 
  or [ like this ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4075/4856612374_22cc1c9b2a_b.jpg ) ( canary islands ) ? 
  also , anywhere in croatia with no rainy days at all in the summer months ? 
  how did all these forests manage to survive for millions of years before the first firefighters were born ? 
  seriously , why worry so much ? 
  2015 : we ca n't send people back where they came from , that 's { insert bad word } !, 
  2017 : well of course we can send them back !, 
  ok , so where are the perfect sandy beaches in croatia then ? 
  i 'd love to go . 
  near split and near rijeka ( if we only count the beach areas ) . 
  nothing compares to the sandy white beaches you can find in other places to the south . 
  you do n't have any beaches with clean filtered sand without traces of rocks and pebbles . 
  and the water is often full of seaweed . 
  people do n't go to prague for sunshine and beaches . 
  and there are plenty of european destinations with zero rainy days in july . 
  croatia is a great country , but i would never go there to `` enjoy the sunshine '' . 
  there are far better european alternatives out there ( coast of spain , cyprus , malta , canary islands ) . 
  speaking as a czech , i fail to understand why someone would go to croatia for a beach holiday . 
  constant risk of rain , poor beaches , cold water , prices like in italy or spain ... 
  although i did enjoy the country from an architectural point of view . 
  6d chess : soros used your confusion about trump to pass a new world order . 
  5d chess : trump managed to pass an evil piece of legislation while the world was preoccupied with poland . 
  ok , but in any case most well salaried individuals have a variance of skills that is impossible to compare accurately even if you have access to 100 % of the real salaries . 
  so you need to follow the basics of negotiations - ask for as much as possible and then haggle down the price . 
  perhaps it 's different if you 're a cashier . 
  does it really matter for salary negotiations though ? 
  fun fact : plastic corks are actually better at sealing off bottles than real cork . 
  however drinkers associate expensive wine with a wooden cork , so it 's still very popular among wine manufacturers . 
   and if it is no big deal , ehh why are people so mad that norway do it on default it 's not a big deal for positions that are paid above average . 
  engineers , doctors , etc. 
  it can be a big deal for manual workers , waiters , etc. 
   firstly how do you know if that is correct , are that information verifiable ? 
  you verify it by asking people what they earn . 
  in all my life i 've never once failed to get that information ( or at least an approximate range ) . 
  not sure why people think it 's a faux pas . 
  there are websites like glassdoor where people share their information . 
  you can also ask people directly , it 's no big deal . 
  * takes up a marijuana *, 
  yes , just like a strong washington can prevent the us states from acting out . 
  no , 1.5 % loan rates , thank you . 
  also thank you - stupid central bank that kept our currency low for many years by printing too much money . 
  foreigners are a small part of the market . 
  i 'm sure a lot of czechs buy your seaside houses too . 
  sorry for keeping up your prices high . 
   but the 12.8 % in cz wo n't take long to drop . 
  in the country as a whole - sure . 
  in prague though ? 
  only if another massive financial crisis strikes us . 
  otherwise there are simply way too many people competing for living space . 
  plus there 's stuff like airbnb that runs on tourist money . 
  one more reason why we need a strong federal eu . 
  without it brussels is nearly powerless to stop transitions to authoritarian rule . 
   we are about to start building high-speed railways all around the republic in upcomming years said my father back in 1989 ... and here we are today . 
   the volume of trade in europe outside the eu is negligible , as it contains only iceland , norway and switzerland russia , ukraine , belarus , etc ? 
  / r/nottheonion material right here . 
  in love the fact that our courts have officially confirmed you 're allowed to call him `` pitomio '' as in pinocchio . 
  could be because bureaucracy is higher there and supply chains are less developed . 
  could also be because too many of their skilled workers immigrate to the core eu countries . 
  we 're slowly getting there . 
  millions of people will lose their jobs as soon as robots will drive cars . 
  in order to take care of the elderly we need a robot that can do a caretakers work . 
  i assume this will take a couple more decades . 
  we do n't need extra kids . 
   you do n't even have the will to type out your solution and its consequences i 'd rather have it typed out by merkel or schulz than by guys from afd who are idiots on every other issue . 
  we need a complete change of perspective if you want things done . 
  no but you can tax their owners . 
  or just give a robot to each retired person instead of needing a real person to take care of them . 
  one word : robots . 
  this means you should move to another city . 
  chechnya is an authoritarian hyper religious shithole . 
  why is it a surprise ?
