as if it was just a matter of voting a law , gathering a few cargo ships and waving goodbye . 
  problem solved . 
  a lot of it is . 
  all i 'm saying is that the uk was willing to damage it 's economy to take reigns of its own immigration policies , while the eu is unwilling to throw out economic immigrants even though it would only help the economy . 
  yes , no problem with that . 
  my ancestors do n't have any real connection to me except for a piece of my dna . 
  i want a future of my own rather than living by the rules of the people who happened to live on the same territory . 
   super majority needed ? 
  yes , 60 % in favor with a 50 + % turnout . 
  so was sacrificing your economy for immigration and indipendence from the eu a good decision ? 
  funnily enough the eu could completely shut down illegal immigration and deport all illegal immigrants without much of an issue to the economy . 
  goes to show how misaligned the priorities in brussels are . 
  honestly , despite myself being 100 % pro-eu , i believe czech republic should straight up leave the union if either the anti-gun bullshit or the refugee quota bullshit is actually forced upon us . 
  screw the eu for trying to take away guns from law-abiding citizens . 
   because whats the point if my gun laws say `` only bolt action rifles allowed '' but my neighbour country , which has no border control , sells machine guns and tanks to everyone over the age of 14 ? 
  what 's the point of banning abortion if you can hop over a border ? 
  what 's the point of forcing sim card owners to register if you roaming is free so you can get one across the border ? 
  what 's the point of alcohol taxes if you can bring a few crates of cheap alcohol from bulgaria ? 
  i could go on and on ... 
   would you be happy to eradicate every aspect of your culture ? 
  well ... my culture is already 90 % lined up with other members of the upper middle class in europe . 
  i do n't mind eradicating the other 10 % altogether . 
   but we 're leaving the eu ? 
  even better . 
  english would then be a neutral language . 
   well then , what culture ? 
  what language ? 
  culture of common european values : democracy , respecting the rule of the law , investment in public transport and public spaces , socialized medicine and pensions , etc. 
  language ? 
  probably english as it 's easier to learn than german . 
  either that or get screwed over by other superpowers . 
  take your pick . 
  personally i would in favor of complete unification with a complete destruction of national entities and a move towards a single culture and language . 
  but unfortunately most of the voters are too blind to see that 's the only way forward , so they would rather be screwed over by china in a few decades ... 
  the popularity of eurovision has gone down significantly over 40 years . 
  can you even remember last year 's winner ? 
  it 's not about `` muslims '' in general , it 's about people from certain problematic regions which are prone to extremism and crime . 
  in some countries it never even started ( * cough * the v4 * cough * ) . 
  can you guess why ? 
  i do n't understand why denmark would just give it up . 
  send in a single platoon and you can squash any opposition ... 
  it 's called a free market . 
  bright for some , not so much for others . 
  lol , of course not . 
  the police would arrest him a long time ago if he did . 
  what we need is the willingness to outright sink boats that violate the borders . 
  i guarantee not a single ship will keep trying after we sink the first two . 
   the european council is already directly electable , the council is literally just the eu member heads of goverment . 
  not good enough . 
  make the heads of government completely subordinate to the eu leadership , just like in the us the governors do n't get to dictate anything to the president . 
  no we do n't . 
  if it quacks like a country , looks like a country , smells like a country , it is a country . 
  well each of the 28 members could be elected by each of the 28 countries . 
  make the european commission and the european council directly electable , rather than subject to control by the national governments . 
  that 's my # 1 wish for a strong eu . 
  taiwan begs to differ . 
  want to be british ? 
  then change your name to a local one , adapt the local culture and stop trying to join islamic organizations . 
  simple as that . 
  he 's the problem of whatever region he truly comes from . 
  i 'd bet he 's not a native brit . 
  you do realize someone could crash into your car when you 're behind the wheel , right ? 
  the heat is fine if you have air conditioning and can drive everywhere . 
  maybe buy a car ? 
  well then russia would have needed an even stricter law . 
  yeltsin staying in power meant the entire `` revolution '' was a joke . 
  yeltsin was a high-ranking communist official for many years . 
  why would n't he be affected ? 
  and without yeltsin there would be no putin . 
  french jews do n't have to go to israel if they want to leave france . 
  they can go to any other country as well . 
  well , not in czech republic . 
  we love israel here . 
  well of course some people would come back . 
  israel is a pretty shitty place compared to western europe ( although better than the rest of the middle east ) . 
   there are , according to them , 20 000 departures to israel in 5 years . 
  you 're conveniently forgetting that french citizens can also move to another eu country or immigrate to the us or canada . 
  when will france finally recognize the enormous mistake they have made with their immigration policies ? 
  thank god i live in the v4 countries where jews can go to any school and face nothing but support . 
  no , they 're not scared . 
  the journalist is full of crap . 
  russia 's biggest ( and most fatal mistake ) was that they 've allowed former regime members to stay in power . 
  similar to how it worked in czech republic and other `` western soviet '' countries : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lustration yeltsin and putin should 've never been allowed to hold any government offices in the first place . 
  and yet for some reason people fiercely protect the `` cultural identity '' of the country where they were born , even though they likewise have absolutely nothing in common with it . 
  fun fact : prague is bigger than malta . 
  [ just do it the seinfeld way ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dhwpltv.gifv ) . 
  yeah , imagine how annoyed i am whenever tourists tell me they 're glad `` czech republic is cheap because it has n't switched to the euro '' . 
  bitch , go check out slovakia which is cheaper than us despite a different currency . 
  irish is just about done for , mate . 
  it can not compete with english . 
  sure thing : https://www.oecd.org/slovakia/41029725.pdf for portugal the total inflation rate was 0.24 % in the immediate aftermath of the changeover . 
  this is yet another example of how the `` common wisdom '' absolutely fails when it comes to the euro . 
  you and your family need a roof . 
  if you can live somewhere for free you can count it as an investment . 
  lol , the number of people who think czech republic can survive as a fully independent country is staggering . 
  hm , are n't polish people supposed to be extremely racist and xenophobic ? 
  how on earth did they accept so many dirty foreigners ? 
  wtf ? 
  there are still society monuments in poland ? 
  i would 've thought by now they 'd all be reused for public toilets or something ...
