  or maybe he 's a reasonable human being that can make a decision based on facts and not emotion . 
  it 's easy to play the ad hominem game . 
  i think you 're delusional for being anti-federalisation . 
  see ? 
  of course he will , do n't kid yourself . 
   specifically eastern european immigration . 
  and there you have it , folks . 
  do n't let them fool you into thinking this is anything other than xenophobia . 
  yeah , so ? 
  you can register even if you 're only going to be here temporarily , say , as a student . 
  most leave after ~ 4 years , some stay . 
  that 200k figure seems pretty low to me , i actually expected it to be much higher . 
  i thought i was the only one that noticed . 
  alright , thanks for clarifying . 
  a 30 % increase just as a result of airbnb ? 
  that seems unreasonably high . 
   ~ ~ over ~ ~ underestimating ftfy, 
   huge blow airbnb gave to the rental market last year i 'm not sure i understand why , but then again i do n't really know the specifics about how airbnb works . 
  could you clarify ? 
  would n't increased tourism help the host country ? 
   i reiterate that something as obscure and technical as this trreaty should never have been put to a referendum in the first fucking place which is exactly why they did it . 
  and then they have the audacity to call `` the left '' too pc . 
  do n't disturb the right-wing circlejerk or anti-circlejerk-circlejeck . 
  i honestly do n't know anymore . 
  i 'm pretty sure ee was a bloodbath during wwii exactly because of nationalism . 
  i 'm not sure how you can believe that had a commonwealth-esque state existed during the 30 's , that was of similar relative strength to germany as the commonwealth was to the holy roman empire during the 17th century , that wwii would still have taken place . 
  especially if central europe had n't been made into a complete shitshow by cutting up austria-hungary into a million little pieces . 
  you have n't been listening closely then . 
  i 've heard them every time there was a controversial referendum : scottish independence , greek referendum during the crisis and practically all romanian elections that i 've personally voted in . 
   any argument you have could be made against democracy an sich there are plenty of examples that demonstrate the fact that democracy is not perfect and that it can lead to some very unfortunate results . 
  pointing that out should n't result in anyone being labeled a `` democracy hater '' , we have to be able to discuss these issues freely , otherwise what 's the point ? 
  you mean ukraine ? 
  i 'm really not sure how many people would agree that they 're better off since soviet times , which is sad , really . 
  that 's exactly what the hungarians thought 100 years ago . 
  looks like they were wrong . 
  i ca n't believe i had to scroll this far down for a voice of reason . 
  could someone tell me why the hell these people come to / r/europe of all subreddits , anyway ? 
  yet . 
   especially in scotland , a country that prides itself on being much more progressive and much less anti-foreigner than england yes , except the killer was n't even originally from scotland , but from bradford . 
  so yes , they rightfully should pride themselves with that , considering the amount of donations his family received in the past 24 hours . 
  i 'm actually surprised this made it to the top of hot . 
  it would greatly lower the average , but there are still a few other pockets housing that are ridiculously expensive ( e.g. 
  most of edinburgh ) . 
  hahahaha , you 've obviously not been to the uk . 
   half of the people i know do n't use facebook you 're definitely an outlier if that 's the case . 
  there are iphones , you know ... 
  nobody i know uses whatsapp . 
  like , not a single one of my friends . 
  everyone 's on fb messenger . 
  but what 's the point of using whatsapp if everyone is on facebook anyway . 
  they 're the same company , after all ... 
  i 've little patience left for ` kippers . 
  `` merging romania , hungary and bulgaria '' , whatever the fuck that means , is not the same as being in a federation with those countries . 
  get this in your thick , right-winger , skull : i would gladly share a country with any fellow europeans , including hungarians and bulgarians . 
  now go back to stormfront . 
  that 's stupid and you know it , except you pretend not to . 
  have you never head of federations ? 
  thankfully , most romanians share my opinion , so i do n't face an uphill battle like in most other countries . 
   do you want the netherlands and germany to be no more than arkansas and texas ? 
  yep . 
  those diplomats should be expelled . 
  how do the dutch tolerate this ? 
  really ? 
  and your entertainers and comedians are the ones who actually deliver the ( mostly factual ) news . 
  how the hell does that even work ? 
   having restrictive limitations on legal jobs for romanians/bulgarians only promotes working illegaly or not working i hope it does n't come to that , i really want to land a job here once i finish uni . 
   first piece of bullshit . 
  i am a historian ( rather studying to become one , but still ) , mate . 
  that is not even remotely true . 
  first of all , let 's get something straight . 
  most censuses you see of the region called `` transylvania '' done before 1920 do not include counties that back then would be considered part of `` cri\u0219ana '' ( partium - an integral part of the hungarian kingdom ) , such as : bihor , arad , s\u0103laj , satu mare , nor do they usually include maramure\u0219 or banat . 
  so yes , if you take all of those out and leave in counties such as hunedoara ( which was absolute majority romanian - for historical reasons you should know if you are a student studying this topic ) then you get a skewed picture of what actually happened . 
  there is no justification for romania having got oradea or arad . 
  period . 
   especially the biggest ethnic group in the region . 
  if you are referring to the romanians , then yes , they were mistreated and there is absolutely no excuse for that . 
  but then the romanians went ahead and did the exact same thing and worse . 
   wtf ? 
  how about you discuss everything else i 've written , maybe we can tackle the university part afterwards . 
  do n't just ignore 80 % of my comment and focus on simplistic bullshit . 
   saying that the hungarians got the short end of the stick in transylvania is a statement with which i do not agree . 
  in what possible way did they not get the short end of the stick ? 
  they lost a bigger territory just to romania than their entire current country . 
  and yes , it was populated at the time by many different ethnicities , the biggest of which were hungarians ( even according to a romanian census done after the war ) . 
  a territory which , by the way , has been under hungarian and then habsburg control for centuries . 
  the communists , under ceausescu , have taken systematic steps to relocate people from their homes , wipe entire villages from the map and to otherwise ethnically assimilate all hungarians . 
  they were also widely discriminated against ( and still are , frankly i speak from experience ) by not having the same opportunities at universities and so on . 
  currently most hungarians have actually left the country , for various reasons , and the two ( actually three ) counties with the biggest remaining concentration of hungarians are also probably the least well-developed ( and economically poor ) in the whole of romania . 
  if you think there 's no correlation there , you 're not interested in the facts . 
  so what exactly have hungarians gained from this other than being scapegoated before every parliamentary election and whenever the media has nothing better to talk about ? 
  exactly !, 
  which part of it do you want me to clarify for you ? 
   neighborhood watch you do realise that is probably something orwell would have been in favour of , right ? 
  oooh , you 're in for an awakening . 
   all across the uk maybe not in all rural areas , but in cities ? 
  most definitely . 
  some are n't really representative of their time ( in romania ) . 
  specifically , the 2010s and 1920s ( imo ) . 
  that 's a lot of albanian flags . 
  is there any serious push for reunification ?
