  the latter are often completely oblivious to reality , while the former have pretty decent relations with the minorities . 
  so definitely not kosovo in the 90s , but ignorance is at comparable levels . 
  one reason ? 
  the language . 
  another reason ? 
  the goddamn balkan mountains do n't extend into hungary . 
  seriously , if we 're going to strech definitions this much we might as well call everything west of russia , `` western europe '' , or something similarly useless . 
  of which we are not a part of , neither geographically nor culturally , yet you used the word `` we '' . 
  okay . 
  in what possible way could transylvania be compared to russia ? 
  i 'm listening ... 
  ... said the wallachian . 
  duda is bagpipe in hungarian . 
  i hear plenty of `` death to hungarians '' and `` if they do n't like it here they should be deported to hungary '' , and you can guess form whom . 
  i hear plenty of `` death to hungarians '' and `` if they do n't like it here they should be deported to hungary '' , and you can guess from whom . 
  you and i were born in very different countries apparently . 
  if they have children will they finally be allowed to say they 're europeans first ? 
  cause my family is like that and people hate me when i tell them i do n't have very strong feelings towards any nationality . 
  i also take pleasure in correcting hungarians abroad . 
  the shit people say when they think you ca n't understand them is hilarious . 
  haha , damn , you really got me for a sec . 
   i get most of my healthcare and all education for free . 
  when will people stop regurgitating this nonsense ? 
  you pay for it with your taxes . 
  education does n't magically pop into existence in scandinavia as opposed to the rest of the world ... 
  pretty much my experience every time i visit . 
  never spent a boring day in glasgow . 
  i found amazing motels at under 30 euros per night in dubrovnik . 
  and i went with 2 other friends so we split it three ways . 
  definitely not that expensive , and great city to visit for a few days . 
   mix of old historical and new futuristic buildings side by side which is pretty much the reason most people hate it . 
  i think they ruined the skyline with the godawful skyscrapers . 
  they should 've done a paris and kept them out of the city centre . 
   shitest capital cities i 've ever been to you should visit bucharest , mate . 
  do n't worry , it 's really nice . 
   london feels like the only true cosmopolitan city in the uk edinburgh is pretty nice . 
  or just bite the bullet . 
  i really would n't mind if that was the case sometimes . 
  10 minutes of reading the daily mail usually does that to me . 
   yes , the option of voting for anti-eu parties like ukip at general elections exists , but general elections are about far more than just our relations with europe yet these one-issue eurosceptic parties have existed since the 70s and none have managed to get above 13 % in a ge . 
  if it really was such a huge concern for the electorate , you could have had your say . 
  frankly i 'm in favour of the referendum ( and would be really really glad if it happened by the end of 2016 ) just so that we can end this farce of a discussion and focus on the core issues . 
  ft is decent as well . 
   the prospect of further integration ... is the solution to pretty much all the previous problems that you mentioned . 
  why how did you guess ? 
  the completely infallible principle which states that everyone 's opinion is equally important regardless of education levels or interest in politics . 
  oh for the love of all that 's holy , that quote is from 1973 . 
  things have changed . 
  everyone should be paid a living wage . 
  that should be non-negotiable in the fucking 21st century . 
  how the hell is kay burley still employed at sky ? 
  she 's obviously doing a paxman while being far less intelligent and making an ass out of herself at every turn . 
  apparently , someone does n't frequently visit the subreddit that shall not be named . 
  populist europhobes are n't any better though . 
  those are outliers , representing less than .1 % of the population , and every country has them . 
  people are poor in slovakia , my friend . 
  everyone is equally poor . 
  of course they do . 
  you are unelectable in hungary if you do n't hold at least some semblance of anti-semitic views . 
  they are friendly with erdogan , but that 's pretty much it . 
  that was the most american thing i 've read all day . 
   no sensible economist is going to implement austerity when there is a demand crisis in the private sector you and i live in a whole different europe it seems . 
  as a romanian ... , no it 's not . 
  what happened to / r/europe ? 
  which i 'm pretty sure did n't exist in the 16th century . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're no fun . 
  romania was n't ever under communism , just like most everyone else . 
  sweden ? 
  try japan ... 
  i wish you the best of times , but i 'm warning you : it 's nice , but not very touristy , at all . 
  australian ? 
  like how the hell does that happen ? 
  it is , but just like romania , the beautiful cities are kinda lacking . 
  you mean the brooms ? 
  i think we can handle ourselves . 
   german speakers are rare too what ? 
  no they 're not , especially not in transylvania . 
  exactly . 
  how about we do what the damn yanks do and help out the weakest link rather than cut it ? 
  well gee , no fucking way . 
  who is n't ? 
  there was an oft repeated argument here that grexit could n't possibly happen unless they also exited the eu . 
  so how could a theoretical fixit ( ha ) do what greece could n't ( especially considering that exits are not even formally defined in european treaties ) ? 
  i do n't think it 's even remotely comparable . 
  the uk has a huge financial industry , the biggest , bestest capital in europe and frankly just is n't as reliant on their neighbours as most continental europeans are . 
  there is an argument ( however weak ) to be made for brexit , but unless you are totally out of your mind there is n't one for really any other country . 
  remove kebab from glorious yurop ? 
  that reminds me of mostar ( bosnia ) a bit . 
  [ here 's a pic i took recently . 
  you 'd have to talk to the turks first . 
  but it 's such an uninteresting element , we really should change it . 
  do n't minimise the consequences . 
  the greeks are the clear losers in this deal . 
  this is one of those moments ( admittedly extremely rare ) when i actually want merkel to win . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the federalists are the ones getting it , and the conservatives , well , not so much . 
  it we only got our shit together and formed a comprehensive fiscal union things would go so much better ( and most federalists understand this ) . 
  that explains a lot . 
  between the two , there 's only one that does n't look like a mindless , heartless dictator , and his name does n't start with s.
