  they have fought the plan imposed by the troika every step of the way , and yet still you find a way to say that it 's all as a result of the `` communists '' actions . 
   i `` understand '' killings and robbing in big cities i do n't and especially not in romania ( i 'm also from the nw ) . 
  just serbians in disguise . 
  oh , but have n't you heard / r/europe ? 
  absolutely everyone from the eu has told greece that if they vote no they will be kicked out . 
  everyone , except , you know , the president of the european council . 
  nobody took his side . 
  not the media , not corporations , not other countries or politicians . 
  i think he 's allowed to have a rally before one of the most important referendums in their history . 
  the poles can afford to play this for a little while . 
  they had a huge population boom and do n't have the usual ageing population that other european countries are starting to struggle with . 
  so , not really a fair comparison . 
   privatize the profits ; socialize the losses when in the history of the world did it ever work differently ? 
  \u00d6xit ? 
  and gave you the biggest financial sector in europe in return . 
  but fuck that , where 's muh fishes . 
   the jews the amount of times i still hear about this in hungary is absolutely astonishing . 
  frankly , if you speak beyond two sentences with any random hungarian they will find a way to shoehorn a discussion about the evil zionists that destroy their beautiful , innocent country . 
  that is evident . 
  of course , glorious nd was wronged by the populist left again . 
  when the hell did reddit become a mouthpiece of the conservatives ? 
   they tell you explictly , all of them from the freaking eu gee , i 'm sure they have no reason to do that , ... , surely they would n't want to influence the outcome of the referendum . 
  lying sack of shit . 
  i have such a love-hate relationship with him . 
  you 're really not helping , mate . 
   south wat ? 
  oh my god , how the hell did this pass ? 
  never underestimate what poor economic prospects do to a country . 
  nobody `` knows '' exactly what will happen, 
  which is exactly the problem . 
  it should be one . 
  right ? 
  he always finds a way to brighten my day . 
  yeah , how about no . 
  they have some pretty talented musicians . 
  how can you have such a simplistic view of the world and get upvoted ? 
   who ` our group ' and the ` other groups ' are which is exactly why in the context of `` europe '' we should actually push harder for english , rather than try to revive other , dying languages ( basque , breton , welsh , you get the idea ) . 
  i know this is unpopular in / r/europe , but think just how much more united we would feel if the majority shared a common language . 
  they were created by estonians in other countries . 
  also , the founders are mostly not estonians . 
  aww ... :(, 
  it 's full of largeish cities . 
  oh yes , i 'm sure that doing touristy stuff and talking to random people on the streets in israel is exactly what i need in order to get insight into the complex political machinations that happen over there . 
  is it not possible to condemn both sides when their actions call for it ? 
  but hungary does n't have it , so what 's your point ? 
  and he backtracked weeks ago . 
  they are just doing it as a political ploy , so please find something new . 
   pro-israeli european may i ask why ? 
  i find it 's almost impossible not to condemn the actions of israel lately . 
   european as in location ? 
  yes debatable . 
  that really depends on which part of turkey we 're talking about . 
  sure , istanbul and asia minor may be like that , but go to the more eastern , rural parts of the country and it changes a lot . 
  hahaha , no . 
   what has usa ever done to hungary [ 1956 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956 ) . 
   try to become citizens you have to learn luxembourgish . 
  now you may argue that it should be a given , but honestly , barely 400k people speak it worldwide and half the population is of foreign origin . 
  possibly not the easiest citizenship ever . 
   bucharest can be amazing no . 
  i never got why people would n't even try it . 
  it 's absolutely amazing . 
  personally not a fan of lagers , but compared to the american version , it 's actually drinkable . 
  it 's awesome . 
  you mean , almost none of the world , right ? 
  reverse trianon ? 
  if you say so . 
  but they would be utterly indefensible . 
  well it was yours to begin with , in some sense . 
  when the euro was introduced it was pegged 1:1 to the deutschmark . 
  they 're gon na build a wall along the carpathian 's and make romania pay for it !, 
  nobody said they would n't . 
  those `` lunatics '' form close to 10 % of the uk 's population , though . 
  clinton is basically obama reloaded and trump is a businessman . 
  i 'd be shocked if they had a different opinion on the subject . 
  it 's probably harder to see if you were born in the uk , but as an outsider , trust me , it very much is . 
  that 's absolutely ridiculous lol . 
  i am . 
  how ? 
  is n't he in some maximum security type prison ? 
  i mean , the rest of the inmates probably are n't saints either in such a facility and there are guards posted 24/7 . 
  if that 's true , as much as i despise the guy , he does have a point ... 
  does anyone know what he meant by `` inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment '' ? 
  i 'm guessing it was more than just not getting the latest ps4 games ... right ? 
  i really hope they manage to normalise ties , it would do good for both parties . 
  eh , that 's usually just an hour long segment called the prime minister 's questions ( pmq ) . 
  the rest is generally pretty tame and , quite frankly , boring . 
  it was at that point that i wondered why the hell everyone pretended that there are n't any beautiful cities in the uk . 
  then i went to manchester ... 
  yeah , people sometimes underestimate the size of london . 
  i 've had the same experience the first time i visited . 
  oh sure , there 's only a month long arts festival in edinburgh spanning august that has over 50000 performances and two million tickets sold every year . 
  nothing major . 
  food 's pretty shite though :p, 
  that 's stupid , there 's lots of things to see in the uk . 
  for all the hate it sometimes gets , london is a fun city and personally enjoyed brighton as well . 
  scotland is also well worth a visit !, 
  you 're my favourite brit on / r/europe . 
  mainstream right being sarkozy ? 
  my god ... 
  i 'd rather him in the hague , personally .
