  they are n't wrong , tbqh . 
  and still does , unfortunately . 
  post-modern architecture is a joke . 
  and north korea calls themselves the democratic people 's republic of korea . 
  that does n't make it so . 
  `` parti socialiste '' has lost all meaning as far as modern french politics is concerned . 
  i stand by what i said . 
  they are social democrats at best , or even neoliberals if you look at what hollande actually did these past years . 
  at least be honest . 
  it 's social democrats , not socialists . 
  that 's very interesting !, 
  never knew that , even though i probably passed that building countless times . 
  it is like that in romania . 
  with the exception of neoprotestant denominations that creeped into the country after the 90 's and have become somewhat popular , the overwhelming majority of romanians are orthodox . 
  do n't diss fried bread , shit 's delish . 
  i 'm not so sure about moldova tbqh . 
  if you include european russia and the caucasian region we actually have the exact same pop densities per sq. 
  and do n't tell me it does n't count , all of these regions have access to public transportation in cities and trains between them . 
  the us ? 
  not so much . 
  so is europe , yet we manage . 
  i hope i did n't come of as elitist , what i meant to say is that i have access to high quality tap water where i reside and the difference has been very noticeable compared to where i used to live . 
  it tastes weird once you get used to purer water . 
  northern europe has been slowly , but surely moving to the right as well . 
  what the hell does `` dynamising the economy '' even mean ? 
  it 's just a buzzword , mate . 
  capitalism remains capitalism whatever you do !, 
  you will still have boom bust cycles , you will still have growing income inequality and money in politics will always be an issue . 
  a band-aid solution is no solution at all . 
  it will merely bring us back to this point at some other time in the future . 
  fascism is capitalism in decay , remember that . 
  i never did propose socialism of the last century , did i ? 
  i told you what the problems are , and instead of acknowledging the validity of my remarks , you 've shifted the goal posts . 
  we were n't talking about solutions , rather about identifying the problem . 
   if we have a quick move to the right it 's because we are comming from a crisis which had brought even more inequality in western societies , low skilled jobs moving to developing countries , fast rate of globalization that does n't profit everyone , high rates of immigration for years etc. 
  exactly right . 
  now , do tell , which of those are not the symptoms of neoliberalism ? 
  you were quick to dismiss me , then went on to agree with my every point . 
  did obama stop inequality ? 
  did obama stop low skilled jobs moving to developing countries ? 
  did obama stop high rates of immigration ? 
  nope . 
  before being dismissive , learn what my flair means . 
  do you actually believe i want a president , of all people , to solve issues for the whole country ? 
  do you honestly believe an anarchist seeks solutions in hierarchical systems ? 
  of course i do n't believe anything will change with 2 terms of a left-wing president . 
  that 's why i 'm an anarchist to begin with . 
  oh please . 
  obama made not so subtle remarks as to who his preferred candidate was during the primaries . 
  furthermore , hillary sold herself as the continuation of the obama presidency , also not subtly . 
  you can bury your head in the ground , but the reality is we have a global move towards the right . 
  if it 's not the fault of previous leaders then whose is it ? 
  or do you belive that racists and sexists suddenly popped into existence throughout the whole western world ? 
   far left hates everything that 's not far left you know what , that 's generally true . 
  with that said , i 'd take a social democrat ( e.g. 
  bernie or m\u00e9lenchon ) any day of the week over a neoliberal . 
  and yes , i almost have more disgust for neolibs than i do for run of the mill conservatives , at least they do n't pretend to be what they are n't . 
  good thing i do n't support macron then . 
   tony blair tony blair gave us decades of tory rule ( and , implicitly , brexit and the almost certain breakup of the uk if things continue down this path ) , just like obama gave us the trump presidency . 
  there 's no better way to ensure a le pen presidency in the future than voting for yet another neolib . 
  mark my words . 
  trump would n't be president if everything was sunshine and rainbows in the us . 
  i was willing to bet money that you were under 20 . 
  guess i was right :p, 
  oh god , not another obama . 
  you 'd think people will learn . 
  people wonder why we consider americans to be stupid and arrogant . 
  your humour is anything but funny * . 
  edit : missed a word . 
  if you 're talking about the treaty of san stefano that was never actually implemented , but was rather a draft proposal . 
  if you 're talking about bulgaria briefly controlling significant territories during the balkan war ( including adrianopole and macedonia ) , i 'm not sure that counts . 
  they never legally annexed those territories . 
  if you 're talking about the country during ww2 then it 's kinda sorta true , though it was n't nearly twice as large as it is today , it was short-lived , and that certainly was n't 110 years ago . 
  at the same time hungary also annexed northern transylvania and vojvodina . 
  i stand by what i said , the last time bulgaria was huge was during the second bulgarian empire after they defeated the byzantines . 
  the last time hungary was huge was right before the treaty of trianon in 1920 . 
  less than 28 % of hungary actually remains . 
  after ww2 all axis countries lost territories including romania . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i expressed surprise and asked a question in good faith . 
  in the meantime i also checked to see if it was right . 
  it was n't . 
  the nominal gdp of the district of columbia is about 100-110 billions usd . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/187846/gdp-of-the-district-of-columbia-since-1997/ ) the ppp gdp of hungary is more than twice that ( about 2.3 x ) , and even the nominal gdp is at the very least 30 billion more than that , so about 20 to 30 % higher ) . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_hungary ) . 
  you 're an idiot if you thought that was funny . 
  good day to you sir !, 
  hungarian events are very recent compared to when the bulgarian empire collapsed . 
  do n't let romanians tell you you 're wrong . 
  that professor is right , the romanian language deliberately went through a phase called `` relatinisation '' , to make it less slavic . 
  for centuries the official language in southern romania was church slavonic . 
  tap ? 
  if you bring ms. k\u00f6vesi , i 'm sure you 'd be welcomed with open arms . 
  it 's a bit of a stretch to call him romanian . 
  he was born in hungary to a hungarian father and his spouse was also hungarian . 
  i did n't manage to find anything on which particular denomination of christianity he subscribed to , but catholicism is not outside the realm of possibility . 
  how is it possible that d.c. has a gdp equivalent to the whole of hungary ? 
  and they 're not wrong . 
  my local tesco is rationing iceberg lettuce to 3 packs per person per day , as there is apparently a quite significant shortage due to some weather issues iirc . 
  i mean , it 's nothing to start a revolution over .
