  my day has been made . 
  fucking finally . 
  west germany was one of the biggest economies in the world when it united with east germany . 
  romania is the poorest ( or second poorest ) country in the eu and moldova is the poorest on the continent . 
  not really a comparable situation . 
  even though i oppose ttip , i reckon that most people have absolutely no idea why they have signed that petition . 
  they agree with me for all the wrong reasons . 
  i can tell you that in my experience , people do n't really care ( or just find it unusual ) . 
  maybe it 's different in lviv , but i doubt it . 
  probably a few bad apples . 
   sch\u00e4uble losing it he really seems to believe that he has become the sole voice of reason in europe . 
  i have to disagree . 
  i may get downvoted for this , but just as some people are saying the guardian is left-leaning ( i agree ) , ft seems right-leaning to me . 
  you 're talking about more than 100 million people not having access to it in western europe . 
  that 's not `` almost '' . 
  germany , austria , switzerland , the czech republic ? 
  there you go , 4 countries in which it 's not . 
   my type of weather now that 's something you do n't hear often . 
  aww , he 's kinda cute . 
  c'est vraiment magnifique i do n't even speak french and i noticed immediately that something was off . 
  you really are a vile frog . 
  alchohol is free mate . 
  what 's hard to understand about that ? 
  beer in edinburgh cheaper than athens ?? 
  hahaha no . . 
  same , though i really enjoyed paying with euros in kotor . 
  plus the view from the st. john castle is fantastic , even compared to dubrovnik . 
   o\u017eujsko oh god , this , along with karlova\u010dko gives me headaches . 
  the one good thing is that programmers do n't have to pay almost any income tax and such . 
  2000 euros can take you a long way in romania . 
  yeah , so disappointed . 
  was ready to grab my pitchfork . 
  the only good thing to come out of this is that it probably pisses of some random high-ranking russian . 
  on the other hand , it also changes nothing whether we label it a genocide or not , and for the sake of what ? 
  to anger serbia , a eu-candidate state ? 
  we should help alleviate problems in the balkans , not fuel them ffs . 
  now that 's a flair i do n't see often . 
  you do n't understand . 
  i agree . 
  i said that central america is a subset of the north american continent for cultural reasons , and that in romania , it 's sometimes ( always ? ), 
  taught that it is separate . 
  now this situation , i find , is rather analogous to the european one . 
  nobody really knows where central europe ends and where eastern europe begins . 
  some consider slovenia and parts of romania part of central europe ( for cultural reasons ) . 
  some do not . 
  yet other people say it does n't even exist and they only consider the western / eastern divide and so on ... 
  north . 
  central starts at the south border of mexico and ends at colombia , with everything in-between , at least that 's how i was taught . 
  [ wikipedia seems to agree , though they seem not to show the carribean as part of it , rather as their own thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_america ), 
  part of central america . 
  anecdotally , i can tell you that in romania they teach in school that central america is distinct from ( and not a subset of ) north america . 
   same way some people think that north and south america are one continent actually it 's analogous to saying central america exists . 
  it technically does , but only for cultural reasons is it not considered part of north america . 
  aspall is nice , but hard to find outside pubs in the uk . 
  they are talking about employees , not users of software . 
  and yes , romanian is pretty widely used in many tech companies , for some reason . 
  oh no you did n't . 
  possibly one of the best eastern european cities to visit in the summer . 
  definitely recommend . 
  i mean , it 's what any of us would do . 
  well , except the french , probably ... 
  ah that 's great . 
  thanks . 
  it 's unwatchable currently . 
  huh ? 
  greece is not placed at the mouth of the black sea . 
  or am i misunderstanding your comment ? 
  are you referring to turkey ? 
  no mate . 
  we 've been pouring money into private banks that happened to be in greece . 
  big difference . 
  i never understood how you could take pride in your country ? 
  it was n't your choice to be born there , it just so happens that you were born on this side of the border , rather than the other one . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  typical . 
  let 's not compare very different situations needlessly . 
  my whole point was that total funds received by capita is a worthless measure of the situation . 
  but they were filtered by other people . 
  it 's undeniable that comments can and do get circlejerky on reddit !, 
  and a french that 's fluent in english and does n't insist on writing every comment in french as well . 
  here 's one thing i do n't understand : why do you have to be either pro-eu or pro-greece / anti-austerity ? 
  when have they become mutually exclusive ? 
  so much bull . 
  the great majority of the bailout did n't go into the hands of the greek people . 
  in case you did n't get the memo , he 's gone . 
   dubrovnik republic ~ ~ ragusa is not considered part of historical dalmatia . 
  just saying ... ~ ~ actually , i retract that . 
  apparently it stretches all the way to kotor . 
  it is . 
  europe needs a wake-up call , now more than ever . 
  yup , i absolutely love his antics . 
  i mean the guy is genuine , unlike pretty much every other european politician . 
  such simplistic drivel . 
  let me tell you one thing only : what you consider to be the application of communism in romania , your so called `` failure of ideology '' , was basically state controlled capitalism and as far away from communism as most countries today . 
  greece today is not , and will never be , romania in the 80 's . 
  neither is syriza the equivalent of the romanian communist party . 
  i hope that much is clear to any reasonably intelligent and well-informed human . 
   i do n't recommend greece take this path but with communists in power , they will get a flavor of what happened in romania . 
  you are absolutely delusional if you think this is syriza 's fault .
