  ironically , i got just as triggered over trivial stuff as he did . 
  first of all , saying `` a soviet people '' = / = communism . 
  seriously , please do n't argue this point , the ussr during stalin was as far from core marxist ideology as you could get . 
  secondly , saying that if you 're an internationalist automatically qualifies you for being a communist is like a bit like saying that being catholic makes you a nazi , because hitler talked about god or something . 
  sure , internationalism is one of their principles because communism can not exist without it , even in theory , but the idea itself is in no way exclusive to them . 
  if anything , globalism was realised somewhat by the neolibs in recent history . 
  eh , i think a certain breakaway colony also had something to do with it . 
  it 's anecdotal , but i lived in several countries over the past few years . 
  all european , but you would probably consider them wildly different . 
  it 's my own experience , but honestly , people are people wherever you go . 
  some are friendly , some are decidedly less so , some are accepting and some are n't . 
  frankly , the fact that the most meaningful difference that i could think of between your average austrian and brit is that one has vinegar on their chips and the other would probably be disgusted by the mere suggestion , is pretty telling . 
  we 're painting an us vs. them narrative where there is n't one . 
  i do n't hate the people , i hate the idea . 
  just like i do n't hate a person because he is a muslim , but if he was for stoning people and establishing sharia law , i would , rightly i believe , hate his ideas . 
  we have to understand that people change their stances all the time in the face of evidence or persuasion by their peers , so it 's important to make a distinction between the human and the idea . 
  nationalism as an idea has pros and cons , but i think in the long term , in europe , it has more cons than pros , so i really dislike when i see that it 's being revived by populist politicians to further their own self interest . 
   a soviet people what you just said makes no sense . 
  there are globalists all over the world who do n't favour authoritarianism or forced homogenisation or state controlled capitalism . 
   a european meta-nation so a big switzerland ? 
  i honestly think that 's a bad way to approach the problem , and here 's why : pretty much all countries on the planet employ some form of capitalism , and one of its core principles is growth . 
  if there 's healthy growth , there 's inflation , no two ways about it . 
  so instead of fighting the basic principles of macroeconomics , we have two options : scrap capitalism ( wo n't happen in the near future ) or design around it , which is what the minimum wage and corporate tax are trying to achieve . 
  it 's certainly an imperfect system , but scott adams offers an alternative solution that 's pretty detached from reality , imho . 
  they do , but the reality is that growth was mostly on par with the rest of the warsaw pact , while western europe 's growth was much greater and also more sustainable ( note the crash of romanian gdp after the fall of `` communism '' ) . 
   italy true , but as far as i know italy is a bit of an outlier in western ( southern ? ), 
  europe in this regard . 
  i think only parts of france compare . 
  otherwise , english will take you a long way pretty much everywhere in the eu . 
  i 'm not sure corruption in europe is anywhere near comparable to corruption in most of africa . 
  i 'd go even farther and say that romania was only ever non-bleak during the interwar period . 
  still not perfect , in part because of tensions in transylvania , but the divide between us and western europe was far smaller . 
  [ nyt good enough for you ? 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/11/11/donald-trump-insists-that-wages-are-too-high/ ) do n't let the discussion about the minimum wage fool you . 
  the context of the interview was that in order to have a manufacturing industry that 's able to compete with china and mexico , wages and corporate taxes have to be low and increases should be kept at a minimum . 
  at one point he said that he actually wants the minimum and median wages to decrease , but afaik he backtracked after he was confronted by sanders . 
  i have the same feeling , but somehow i 'm still hoping that a recovering economy will help steer the conversation back to the centre . 
  you 'd hope that , but judging by my facebook feed , i 'm constantly reminded that the vast majority of people are either clueless or deliberately dishonest . 
  honestly , every single time a moderately left-wing person is elected into any position here in the uk , someone digs out a decade old video taken out of context `` proving '' that person to be a anti-semite . 
  case in point : the national student union just recently elected a moroccan student as president , who at one point said that the israeli student society at the university of birmingham ( i think . . ) was calling everyone who voiced criticism against israel or zionism an anti-semite . 
  what did they do once she was elected ? 
  rallied student unions from all across the country to denounce her as an anti-semite and to withdraw from the nus . 
  honestly , the vitriol was unbearable . 
  well , they 're significant historically , and it 's not as if wiki pages come in short supply . 
  trump does . 
  not even kidding . 
  transylvania is in romania . 
  so i just suggested a part of romania that i consider well worth visiting . 
  transylvania 's nice , but i 'm a bit biased, 
  reading this sub is so disheartening sometimes . 
  it 's a very difficult read compared to those . 
  oh no , not the jobs !!! 11 !!, 
  haha , pure liberal ideology in this sub . 
  thankfully there 's no shortage of jobs in my field , and i can work from home . 
  it 's just unfortunate most workers do n't have these options today . 
  if he 's elected , i might actually consider moving to france , 
  give it a few years , you guys are definitely on the right path socially . 
  neoliberals have always been pro-business and pro-finance . 
  nothing new on the horizon . 
  no offense but , outside of a few urban centres , they 're not close . 
  1526 worst year of my life . 
  people think or are told they want capitalism , while the alternative is often misrepresented or unknown . 
  socialism does n't mean laptops will suddenly disappear from this plane of existence , or that suddenly , innovation will halt and we 'll be stuck with 2017 tech forever and ever ... 
  how can you even know what they voted for ? 
  did the do exit polls back then ? 
  lol . 
  i want to clarify that his very first sentence is very hotly debated still and far from a settled issue , yet it 's taught as an indisputable fact in romanian schools . 
  you 're very welcome . 
  i swear every time there 's some hungarian hatin ' you come out of the woodworks . 
  you 're the worst romanians have to offer . 
  ah yes , how to piss off a quarter of the population of europe , in one sentence . 
  it 's probably not necessarily legal in romania , but i 'd say at least 80 % of pharmacies have no qualms about handing out any contraceptives without prescription . 
  especially plan b. 
  that 's great , i love it !, 
  what i meant is this : if said group of people ca n't win outright and are required to collaborate and compromise with liberals , then they are no longer socialists , regardless . 
  `` socialists need liberals to govern '' . 
  bhahahaha . 
  i love this , made my morning . 
  i know i 'm a few days late , but do you really not see how blaming the szeklers lack of development purely on their politicians is a bit short-sighted ? 
  you 're right and i apologise if i came off as needlessly aggressive , it was n't my intention . 
  i did n't read your original comment attentively , so i missed the part where you said `` near-modern '' . 
  lol , transylvania did n't exist in the 10-11th centuries . 
  this map is off by about 500 years . 
  sad . 
  oh no , not the venetians . 
  anything but the venetians . 
  bigger than wwi ? 
  it was bad , but was it `` we 'll destroy the whole continent and have over a hundred million people die in two world wars '' bad ? 
  none of what you wrote makes any sense . 
  hungarian is n't an official language in romania either , even though their population is well above a million . 
  i think it 's become clear over the past century that the vanguard party ideal is fundamentally flawed . 
  you have n't really achieved anything if all you do is replace one hierarchical , authoritarian , and often oppressive , system with another . 
  non-authoritarian socialism has n't actually been tried on a wide scale before , and the few examples we have ( revolutionary catalonia , free ukraine ) do n't actually suggest it would have failed were it not for the undeniable outside intervention . 
  can you give me just one single example where it was implemented as it should have been or where it was n't targeted by outside forces ? 
  is n't that exactly what i said ? 
  none , but that 's just my personal opinion . 
  the word has a very loose definition , and is , frankly , a bit useless . 
  authoritarians have hijacked it and people now associate it with oppressive regimes anyway . 
  the question should be : `` is there any country whose economy does not work on capitalistic principles ? '', 
  the answer to that question is a very clear no .
