  i 'm sure you 'd support it . 
  especially considering the backlash the szeklers get every time they try to get self-determination . 
  romanians spout the same bullcrap every single goddamn time this issue comes up , and i 'm the revisionist ? 
  without going way too much into history ( and leaving most of ancient history out ) : dacians starting with the 2nd century bc -  roman influenced dacia -  the great migration period with lots of influences including , but not limited to : avars , sarmatians , goths , vandals , huns -  part of the first bulgarian empire -  conquered by the magyars who then inherited lots of slavic culture -  at this point the german saxons and szeklers were the peoples who settled most of the carpathian basin -  it 's difficult to say when the vlachs ( romanians ) settled transylvania , but they were almost certainly present in the region by the 12th century , with the king of hungary officially granting those who fled the approaching turks land in the 14th century ( in modern-day hunedoara ) . 
  this region then had by far the biggest vlach population until the ottoman empire reached the gates of vienna in the 15th century , who then settled even more vlachs in the region -  united with the other 2 romanian principalities by michael the brave , a union which was extremely short lived -  part of the habsurg empire -  part of austria-hungary ( at this point transylvania had a majority romanian population ) -  romania -  hungary again , granted to them by the fuhrer -  romania . 
  it 's controversial to say this ( and i 'm actually romanian ) , but romanian culture only gained significant foothold after the 18-19th centuries . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying romanians did n't live in the region for a very long time , what i am saying is that their culture was n't the dominant one until much , much later . 
  the romanian downvote brigade is out in full force today , as usual . 
  well that , and the fact that the entity that we consider to be transylvania today ( kinda wrong , but w/e ) was for most of its history , not actually culturally romanian . 
  i mean even compared to gdp per capita that 's an absurd price to pay for something as simple and cheap to make as beer . 
  sorry to be pedantic , but it was n't democracy vs communism . 
  more like free-market capitalism vs. 
  state-controlled capitalism . 
  yes . 
  therefore , we should vote for other fascists to protect us from the fascists we do n't like . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  who said anything about cancer ? 
  we 're talking about healthcare systems in general , and abortion is very much a part of that . 
  abortion is also an issue with great health concerns . 
  therefore restrictive abortion laws should play a large part when calculating the score for each country . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what 's controversial about this . 
  as it should . 
  romania does n't have any , either . 
  yes , it 's extremely sad . 
  hope they are able to recover . 
  yeah , fuck that ... 
  i 'm not trying to be condescending , but dude , come on . 
  north korea calls themselves `` democratic '' , but none of us take that at face value . 
  i do n't care what party we 're talking about , if they 're nationalist , then by definition they 're not communist ( and vice-versa ) , and the left-wing thing is debatable as well . 
  the two terms are mutually exclusive . 
  communism is defined by its internationalism , and my point is you ca n't have it both ways . 
  if they truly said that , they were full of shit . 
  nationalist communist left ?!, 
  if you ever needed more proof that people have no idea what they 're talking about , this right here should put it to rest . 
  i love it when liberals equate the left and right-wing as being just totes the same . 
  no offense , but much of slovakia clearly was . 
  all 500 of them ? 
  in romanian we may sometimes use '' \u021a\u0103rile de jos '' literally translating to `` the low countries '' . 
  i 'm not sure how official it is , but say that to a random person on the street , instead of the usual olanda , and practically nobody will have any idea what you 're on about . 
  to be quite honest , i did n't know any of this and i 'm a bit surprised . 
  they really do sound social-democrat in the promises !, 
  however , let 's be brutally honest . 
  they are a bunch of corrupt , socially conservative bigots whose politics have always been , and will continue to be , divisive . 
  wait , are we actually talking about the same usa ? 
  did you forget to take your meds again ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're not romanian then . 
  this was our 2016 . 
  there 's probably few political parties more corrupt than the so-called social democrats who just won by an unexpected margin . 
  do n't be fooled by the name , there 's no such thing as a left-right scale for parties in romania . 
  just corrupt and slightly less corrupt . 
  the voter turnout was abysmal as well , less than 40 % . 
  yes , we definitely need a rebrand ( heh ) of the ideology . 
  the level of misinformation w.r.t. 
  to truly left-wing politics is astonishing sometimes . 
  that 's utter bullshit , no offense to you personally . 
  oh really ? 
  does climate change not affect every single one of us ? 
  how about us interventionism , or nato , or the un ? 
  all of these are directly influenced by your politics , often far more than the countries we live in . 
  no , whatever the percentage , i do n't view high taxes as socialist . 
  you 're one of those people who sees everything from a capitalist perspective and then makes the argument that of course , socialism ca n't work , because x and y. 
  but x and y only exist within capitalism , abolish that and the context changes completely . 
  do the workers own the means of production ? 
  has private property been abolished ? 
  not socialism . 
  as i said , at best high taxes can be viewed as part of a social-democratic platform ( still capitalism but '' '' `` reformed '' '' '' ) , but actual socialism is quite different . 
  well ... guess . 
  of course it 's the right-wing candidate , hofer . 
  what is socialist about any of that ? 
  literally every point you made was at best social democrat at worst right-wing . 
  exactly . 
  sometimes foreigners stare in disbelief that after all the horror stories they 've heard , many romanian cities can actually be quite nice . 
  wander into the countryside and a wholly different picture emerges . 
  the stereotypical one . 
  problem is , how do you improve it , when most city dwellers would rather bash and call everyone living in the rural parts of the country unwashed and stupid peasants , who vote only against their own interests ? 
  some political parties also found it in their best interest to keep them poor and uneducated , since it is far easier to manipulate them that way . 
  i 'm sure you can see how that creates a huge divide . 
  wait , again ? 
  so there 's still a chance it does n't pass ? 
  made my day better , thanks !, 
  mein gott , you know you have it good when that 's the worst you can say about a politician . 
  this is what the original pic should 've been . 
  thank you for this . 
  thumbs up for croatian ice cream . 
  some of the best gelato i 've had in my life was in dubrovnik , trogir and \u0160ibenik . 
  ... if you want to achieve exactly nothing . 
  hahaha , you 're so far up your own ass we ca n't even see you . 
  romanian historical revisionism never does , or gets downvoted to shit . 
  actually , hungarians really are pretty individualistic . 
  that part of the map actually is n't bullshit . 
  that 's exactly what the hungarians did , though . 
  if you mean bozgor , i 've been called that plenty of times . 
  he probably told you `` ungur '' and `` maghiar '' . 
  they 're synonymous . 
  i 'm an actual romanian who lived close to cluj . 
  half of my family is hungarian . 
  trust me when i tell you it 's bullshit . 
  no , we do n't ? 
  that 's the first time i hear that bullshit . 
  some places are far more expensive .
