  do n't worry , that 's their exact attitude towards hungarians . 
  they have no idea how condescending they sound . 
  yes , we do . 
  was n't it recently updated ? 
  i used it last year and it was pretty sleek . 
  so you blame the failings of the uk political system on the eu . 
  why is that ? 
  you do know that colonialism was still a thing in the 20th century , right ? 
  and the eu began in the aftermath of ww2 and still continues to this day , ensuring probably the longest period of peace in europe , since ever . 
  the scottish would disagree . 
  what exactly are you implying with this ? 
  all i said was that the snp could make a legitimate case for a new referendum , and since the populace could be easily convinced that something bad happened to them as a result of westminster 's actions , the independence camp could win this time . 
  ergo , it would lead to the break-up of the uk , as the article suggests . 
  maybe , but the snp will have real momentum behind them if they can convince the population that westminster took them out of the union against their will . 
  what do you mean slovak and hungarian ? 
  they are very different languages , or am i misinterpreting what you said ? 
  transylvania used to be a country , unlike rahova , which is a neighbourhood in bucharest . 
  not slav , but from the same region . 
  basically , yeah . 
  so what you 're saying is that mistakes of the past justify mistakes in the future ? 
  yes , we all know by know . 
  i 'd love to hear from the other side for once . 
  italy ? 
  the balkans ? 
  hungary ? 
  there 's lots of variety in european cuisine that most people are not aware of . 
  now i feel bad :(, 
  oh , okay then . 
  i 'll be honest and say that nothing really comes to mind when thinking of scandinavian food other than meatballs , lots of fish and blood pudding , sooo yeah ... 
   noone comes here oh sure , except the 4.4 million tourists that visit budapest every year , making it the 6th most popular destination in europe . 
  yeah , that totally does n't count . 
   food is usually not good i will take this opportunity to disagree with you . 
  how is european cuisine not good ? 
  your username is fitting , to say the least . 
  i 'm basing this on my own experience , and i have lots of it , some of it is my own , most of it is of other people 's . 
  i regularly interact with the romanian community in scotland , so i think i have a better idea than most of what it 's like . 
  european cultures in general are extremely similar to each other , and i 'm saying this because i 've had my first ever culture shock in asia ( and i 've visited the philippines as well ) , but never in europe . 
  i think i speak english well enough to get by and that was just as true on my first day of being here . 
  i encourage you to visit central and eastern europe , so that you can see for yourself , maybe you 'll be surprised . 
  it 's not a fair point . 
  i 'm tired of this sub pushing the `` we 're oh so different '' mentality . 
  that 's stupid . 
  someone from romania is decidedly not as different from a cultural standpoint as someone from the philippines , and i would be willing to bet that if you saw a romanian walking down the street , more often than not , you would n't be able to tell that they 're not british without talking to them first . 
  i 'm actually romanian ( but have dual citizenship ) , thank you very much . 
  i disagree 100 % . 
  i want the austro-hungarian back , pretty please . 
  i know , but hungarians do the same and then eat a 10 course dessert just to top it off . 
  i feel physically ill just thinking about it . 
  romania consumes more calories per capita than hungary ? 
  i refuse to believe it !, 
  bmw ? 
  yes , yes , i know ... 
  you get what you pay for . 
  i 'm not saying do n't go to bucharest , but in my opinion you should see sibiu , brasov and sighisoara first , if you ever come to romania . 
  only a serbian could bash one of the most amazing places in europe . 
  i love the dalmatian coast and ragusa . 
  after hearing all the `` facts '' , i 'm not convinced either . 
  i sorta agree with this sentiment , but what other solution is there ? 
  because it 's become pretty clear that not doing anything is the worst possible scenario . 
   very non-inclusive and xenophobic it hurts me to hear people talk about hungary like this , and parroting it as if it were true . 
  one does n't exclude the other , though , it 's good to put things into perspective , both good and bad . 
  really ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  well why not ? 
  they 're your neighbours , you have a shared history , economy and culture with them , and frankly it 's always good to be ambitious . 
  does that comparison make any sense to you ? 
  just asking ... 
   but a life ban on entering the parliment building ? 
  really ? 
  there are laws against this , and for good reason . 
  shouting `` fire '' in a crowded theatre guarantees a lifetime ban from it as well . 
  imagine if one of the guards panicked and started shooting ; by the time he realises his mistake , a mass panic erupts and people can get hurt or worse . 
  ask op what ? 
  what relevance does the 3 speed eu have to the discussion i was having with you ? 
  i 'm beginning to think that you 're trolling me . 
  the national arena was a costly project , yes , but nowhere near [ this monstrosity . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_people%27s_salvation_cathedral ) in any case , you do n't go from 0 to 100 without reaching 60 first , and while there is still a whole lot to do in order to reach western standards , it 's getting there . 
  : there 's a reason why i use the transylvanian flair and not the romanian one ... 
   meh they 'll fix their problems once in the eu . 
  i 'd say it went pretty well so far . 
  huge difference between the romania of 2007 and the romania of 2015 , if you ask me . 
  pretty much every country in the v4 would protest being included in eastern europe . 
  they are `` central europeans '' , 
  nope , it 's officially a secular state . 
  plus they have one of the largest atheistic populations per capita in the world . 
  that was in no way a minority . 
  take a look at the extended video , it 's truly scary . 
   politically incorrect you , my friend , have absolutely no idea what political correctness means . 
  boring , but a technocrat who has n't been involved in scandals . 
  also transylvanian , so that 's nice . 
  whether the eu is a `` state '' or not is highly debatable , but your exact words were `` the biggest economies in the world '' , of which the eu is certainly a part of ( as an entity ) . 
  good job ignoring the fact that the eu is the world largest economic bloc . 
  but if you tweak it , it wo n't be haggis anymore , will it ? 
  let 's not forget that when constantine i officially declared christianity the state religion , the majority of the population was still polytheistic . 
  anecdotally , i know lots of europeans that do speak some mandarin . 
  apparently , it 's not that hard to actually start speaking , reading and writing is the real problem . 
  i had the same experience when i visited krak\u00f3w and zakopane earlier this year : supposedly extremely touristy places , but most people lacked even the most basic english language skills , and frankly i had an easier time getting by with hungarian and some croatian . 
  chill , they do n't . 
  way too preoccupied hating on muslims to take notice of other white europeans . 
  i love the uk , but that does n't mean that i 'm blind to its faults ( or the faults of its people ) .
