  you 're not fooling anyone with the economic uncertainty argument ever again . 
  after the crash this morning , i think the independence referendum could be won , today . 
  they could n't lose it at this point if they tried . 
  remain won by ~ 26 points , it really does n't get much clearer than this . 
  the fact that you said liberals , makes me doubt you being an austrian , a lot . 
  you sure you did n't misspell american ? 
  it 's okay , you can be honest . 
  i do n't even know you , yet i hate you completely . 
  peace is overrated , apparently ... 
  they hate my guts exactly because i 'm butthurt about trianon and because `` i 'm one of those '' romanians that does n't toe the revisionist history line . 
  i do n't really care one way or another , it 's just that whenever the three of us get into a discussion i 'm always the one downvoted to hell . 
  frankly , i understand why most romanians hate my guts , it 's just an observation i made . 
  i love it that you guys just downvote me each time without ever coming up with a decent argument and i bet it was you and / u/pulicafranaru . 
  in any case , most of crisana and banat were n't part of the roman empire , so you might as well just give it back to hungary :p, 
  do n't worry mate , i 'm always on the lookout to put my butthurt to good use . 
  it 's engaged 24/7 !, 
  i said your attitude was shitty , not their lives . 
  to be fair though , there are lots of eu citizens living in abject poverty in parts of romania , hungary , slovakia ... 
  being an eu citizen does n't guarantee that you 'll live an easy and pleasant life , just that it 's more probable . 
  i think that 's a shitty attitude to have . 
  we 're talking about the livelihood of real people here ... 
  dude we talked about this so many fucking times . 
  it 's not the same !, 
  different countries , different histories and completely different situations . 
  the old romanian kingdom annexed territories that it absolutely did n't deserve and then kept many and lost some . 
  you ca n't expect them to get back stuff that was n't rightfully ( from an ethnical and political standpoint ) theirs . 
  the hertza region i understand , but hertza for romania = / = crisana , northern transylvania , szeklerland for hungary . 
  that 's nice and unexpected of you then . 
  frankly , i 'm not all that in favour of such a measure , as it would create bangladesh-india level of border-gore and it would make very little difference for the local population , what with euroregions and all . 
  i 'm sure you 'll never say the same about parts of crisana and hungary . 
  that 's such a stupid ass argument that i do n't even know where to start . 
  so we should n't show pro-leave areas being pro-leave either ? 
  or does that apply to the remain side only ? 
  so what you 're saying is we should n't show anything because we already know how it 's all gon na go down so why even bother ? 
  think before you write such stupidity . 
  it 's just so easy to dismiss their views , right ? 
  oh , they understand him , all right . 
  they just hate what they see . 
  what do you mean by same league ? 
  hungary is a small , landlocked , central ( eastern ) european country , with a population of less than 10 mil people , so there 's really only so much damage a demagogue like him can do . 
  however , what is he not willing to do ? 
  check . 
  silencing the opposition media ? 
  check . 
  check . 
  state-sponsored propaganda galore ? 
  you bet . 
  basically running a single-party state ? 
  hard to argue . 
  dude , every bone in his body is corrupt to the core . 
  i live in hungary . 
  i was born in romania , so the transylvanian flair seemed most appropriate . 
  back to the original discussion : orban is just as bad or worse in some respects as erdogan and putin , and i know some of this from first-hand experience . 
  or as well call it here , hungary . 
  that 's basically 98 % correct afaik . 
  i 'm actually pleasantly surprised they included austria-hungary . 
  pray they do n't just make them reskinned germans though . 
  damnit , you 've convinced me to take a detour to oradea just to get some of those delicious , delicious strawberries . 
  finally , someone had the balls to say it . 
  i know about the von neumann architecture , but i had no idea he was hungarian . 
  good to know . 
   john von neumann i had no idea !, 
  thanks . 
  computers ? 
  they most certainly are not . 
  i 've lost count how many times i 've heard the phrase : `` he 's nice for an eastern european '' . 
  i very much give a fuck because i have a vested interested in giving said fuck . 
  trust me when i tell you , there 's arguments to be made for both sides , though imho the migration theory seems to hold more water . 
  i 'll take that as interest then . 
  first of all , people do care very strongly about romanians coming from either the south of the danube , a theory which romanians very much dislike for emotional rather than rational reasons ( and most hungarians have no idea even exists ) , or from the north , which has some evidence supporting it , however a huge chunk of it was discredited during the past few decades with more research coming in . 
  i also want to note that the north version is pretty much taught as fact in romanians schools , as i 'm sure you 're aware . 
  as for me , i 'm from oradea , so technically not even from transylvania , and am of mixed nationality , with half of my family being hungarian and having a longish lineage in the city , and the other half being much more recent additions to the city 's gene pool haha ( starting with ceausescu 's policy of `` sistematizare '' ) . 
  if we met irl you could probably never tell , since i 've a romanian surname and speak romanian much better than i do hungarian . 
  my story 's honestly not even close to unique , and i 'm going to go on a limb and say it 's true for most people from oradea , and you can tell because even though most people identify as romanians , over half of the people in the city can speak hungarian at a b1 level or above . 
  also , most of my family on the hungarian side has left for greener pastures west of the border and it 's sad to see that the hungarian identifying pop is dwindling so quickly . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if you 're genuinely interested or sarcastic . 
  the point is you ca n't . 
  there 's decent amounts of evidence for both . 
  also ... probably true . 
  since when does yugoslavia not count as a major conflict ? 
  it 's as typical a european conflict as it gets ... 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  i like your style of humour . 
  if it 's boris i think he 'll be polarising enough to turn down the shy tories and hand it to labour . 
  probably the same with may . 
  osborne on the other hand ... 
  alright mate , have a great day . 
  i 'm done talking to someone who so blatantly twists my words and downvotes me when i 'm trying to have a conversation in good faith . 
  you 're moving the goalposts . 
  you pretended that there are n't any non-corrupt countries , and frankly we both know that either one of us would rather trust the average swiss government official running their country than one from , say , chad . 
  yeah , sure , a norwegian company may participate in acts of corruption abroad , but that does n't mean the norwegian government is corrupt , and even if it were , could it really be comparable to the south african government ? 
  because if not , then you have to agree that the original premise is n't all that wrong . 
  yes , it was an exaggerated comparison , but i do n't really feel that it takes away from my main point . 
  `` being against federalisation '' is a bit of a euphemism . 
  let 's call it what it is , pure and simple nationalism . 
  you were born on this side of an invisible border therefore the people on the other side are somehow totally different to you . 
  i was born in a medium-sized city 10km away from the border with a country i was told my whole life that i should hate because decades ago the politicians of a third country decided that the border should be drawn there and not in the other direction . 
  cultural values do n't magically change the moment you cross a border , especially not in europe , yet we 're pretending it does . 
  so forgive me if i condemn the idea the caused the bloodiest war , our continent , and indeed the world , has ever seen , just as strongly as i condemn religious intolerance . 
  ah , it seems that i misjudged your tone .
