  are you thick or do you just pretend to be ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  they certainly are . 
  eh , you 'd be surprised . 
  scotland seems to hit that sweet spot where it 's never too hot and it almost never reaches below freezing either . 
  the wind is what 'll get you , though . 
  that 's just rebranded neo-liberalism . 
  the main theme of social democrat politicians historically has always been , and will always continue to be : compromise a little here , compromise a little there , until there 's no semblance of social democracy anymore . 
  what , you think neoliberal trade treaties wo n't affect countries like sweden ? 
  soo , you do n't like communism nor neoliberalism . 
  what do you propose then ? 
  they were a clear majority in cri\u0219ana ( partium ) as well , before trianon ofc . 
  they were the absolute majority starting with the 17-18th centuries , but not before , when those vities were founded by the saxons . 
  sure , but is there any official way of refering to the archipelago other than `` the british isles '' ? 
  serious question . 
  there is hate , but surprinsingly it 's always from romanians from the south ( or east ) of the country or hungarians who only ever heard horror stories from abroad . 
  it 's basically non-existent amongst transylvanian natives , imho . 
  you have the odd banter here and there but i have n't ever witnessed any verbal or physical abuse from either side . 
  people are people , whatever language they speak . 
  as a fellow transylvanian i have to say , and i hate to accuse anyone of malice , this honestly sounds extremely made up . 
  there 's a stereotype that we speak slowly . 
  in all honesty , i think it 's true haha . 
  people are so impatient , man . 
  have you ever visited romania ( or transylvania in particular ) ? 
  you 're getting downvoted l , but i agree . 
  the people who say everything east of germany is part of `` eastern europe '' way oversimplify things . 
  i thought we as europeans valued our diversity , no ? 
  all three of those countries have wildly different cultures depending on where exactly you are in . 
  parts of poland and romania can definitely be said to be closer to germany ( culturally ) than , say , russia . 
  any partition of europe will have someone disagree with it . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  anybody who has a modicum of understanding of political science can tell you that the horseshoe theory has been debunked and is a pos . 
  please tell me you 're only pretending to be this stupid . 
  i used to . 
  it 's horrible atm , but it 's getting better quickly ( at least in the nw ) . 
  the `` mass rape events '' being this case and another one , in total ... 2 cases , now 1 . 
  massive amount indeed . 
  maybe only the european part of the city then ? 
  which is why i said 9 times out of 10 . 
  mate , when have you last visited these cities ? 
  i currently live in budapest and while the old city is certainly beautiful ( often breathtakingly so ) there has not been a single truly nice building ( the likes of the opera house , or the parliament or any of the buildings on v\u00e1ci or andr\u00e1ssy street ) built since the fall of austria-hungary . 
  and the ones they do have are extremely poorly maintained and often poorly renovated . 
  you can only powerclean the buildings for so long before you have to do some structural maintanance and hungary can barely afford what they currently have , let alone build anything new remotely resembling the city 's landmarks . 
  obviously , but when people talk about the beauty of prague or budapest , 9 times out of 10 they 're referring to the more recent buildings built during the 19th and beginning of the 20th century . 
  walking through budapest has been a bit eye opening to me : there 's absolutely no way a country such as hungary could ever afford creating such a city today . 
  probably the same for czechia , and heck , even austria . 
  we 're shit countries separately imho . 
  warsaw pact is the term uou 're looking for . 
  there 's a reason for that : they used to be part of the same country . 
  poland wo n't tell the us to gtfo , not in a million years . 
  reverse ~ ~ trianon ~ ~ saint-germain-en-laye ? 
  why yes , please !, 
  oh , i agree , but having lived in both countries , i can safely say romania is by a large margin more corrupt , but is actually making strides against it , while hungary is , more or less , unchanged since the 90 's . 
  not sure what 's to be done though . 
  there 's no credible opposition in the hungarian parliament to the ruling right-wing party , the only ones coming close are a far right group , so not a huge improvement . 
  romania will also struggle if/when psd gets another majority government . 
  the technocratic gov ' t was a blessing and many of us will fondly remember the one year when romanian politics was n't a complete and utter shitshow . 
  if i sound like a debbie downer , it 's because i 've lost all hope for meaningful progress for these countries in the next few decades . 
  that should be the motto of humanity , period . 
  we get so complacent , so quickly . 
  glad we did n't ask you , then . 
  i 'd love to shit on the hungarian government as much as the next guy since i really , really hate orban , but the economy is not one of the things to attack them on . 
  corruption , fascist tendencies , nepotism , resurging nationalism , poor ( understatement of the year ) foreign policy , pick one . 
  their economy grew as well , just not as quickly as the romanian one , which is to be expected after we lowered our vat significantly . 
  oh please , not the cultural marxism argument . 
  not necessarily . 
  at present we clearly have far right groups gaining influence throughout europe without them reacting to any kind of left-wing ideology or revolution . 
  they are merely reacting to other right-wing politics , maybe without even realising it . 
  add poland and bulgaria to that list and it 's basically the southern us bible belt reloaded . 
  the resurgence of nationalism . 
  france ? 
  the far right are called reactionaries for a reason , mate . 
  our greatest export !, 
  i quite enjoy the weather , actually . 
  there 's nothing positive in an eventual brexit for me , though , i hope you realise that ... 
  i 'm glad you 're enjoy it , but as a eu national living in the uk , i 'm certainly not . 
   why would you want your leaders representing idiots i 'm not sure i understand what you 're getting at . 
  everyone should have a representative in parliament , whether they are working class , middle class , old , young , poorly educated and so on . 
   why frame it as a democracy if you actually want it to be the opposite ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the uk is a representative democracy , and when they keep to that it works well . 
  when they try to implement any sort of direct democracy it backfires spectacularly ( eu referendum , av referendum ) . 
  they do n't claim to be a direct democracy . 
  and romania 's technocratic government does n't pretend to be democratic at all , it was their stated intention to be a non-democratic alternative that brings a few years of stability to the system , and it worked amazingly well , imho . 
  there is such a think as a representative democracy , which is what we already have , and if used together with a proportional voting system , can be very successful . 
  romania had a technocratic government for the past year , and frankly it has been by far the most successful since the 1989 revolution . 
  it 's extremely skewed because of greece and spain . 
  most member countries have unemployment under 10 %, 
  hopefully , and i say that as someone living in the uk . 
  an example needs to be made of the consequences of populist , right-wing rhetoric . 
  which is exactly his point . 
  issues like these should n't ever be put to a referendum , certainly not one with a simple majority . 
  i 'm not convinced he actually wants to . 
  you 're right , but why would anyone block the uk if they came asking to join on the condition of no opt-outs ? 
  if i did n't live in edinburgh i probably could n't stop laughing at the sheer stupidity people demonstrated at the polls a few days ago and the ensuing clusterfuck . 
  now i 'm just depressed . 
  i actually think europeans would welcome the brits with open arms , to show the world how indispensable we really are . 
  of course , no opt-outs this time :p, 
  whoever came up with article 50 knew exactly what they were doing . 
  there 's nothing that says you really ca n't,
