  i even love the weather . 
  we do n't just claim , i think everyone actually does drink a bit too much in europe . 
  i 've since managed to learn the elusive `` th '' , but it took years of speaking english daily and i still struggle pronouncing words such as `` thirty-three '' fast . 
  plus , i really need to concentrate , otherwise it comes out weird . 
  we found out that he plagiarised his phd three years ago . 
  that alone should 've been enough to have him removed . 
  here 's to getting rid of the other one , as well !, 
  you seem to think that these small things do n't really matter . 
  i actually think they do , in that it really reflects the societal attitudes that we all share . 
  but if i really want to be honest , i am disappointed that such a law was sold to the british public on the guise of `` protecting the children '' , and that parents feel that the government owes them something like this . 
  and i am even more disappointed that technologically illiterate men make stupid laws that erode digital security and my right to privacy . 
  small steps in the wrong direction are still wrong . 
  end of story . 
  i have unfiltered internet , yes . 
  you know why ? 
  because i pay for a damn good vpn service . 
  take a wild guess . 
  with the yes being a giant button in the middle of the screen with a `` save the children prompt '' and the no being a disguised button somewhere at the bottom telling you that your internet will be unsafe . 
  yes , i speak from experience . 
  no , you 're not , but do n't you dare disturb the anti-eu circlejerk . 
  rugby , yes , but american football is basically a 60 minute game stretched out over 3 and a half hours . 
  there 's so much standing around it 's ridiculous . 
  we do ? 
  til . 
  my bad , i should have paid more attention . 
  we share an amazing amount of culture and heritage , but you wo n't realise it until you 've actually been outside of the continent . 
  i challenge all these people to visit africa or asia , heck even the us , and then come back and say that somehow we 're oh so different . 
  we 're not . 
  far from it . 
  they already do . 
  how would goddamn schengen change that ? 
  you 're only hurting romanians that actually live in the country . 
  for what ? 
  `` large '' , about 0.4 % of the population . 
  there are almost ten times as many hungarians . 
  also , about half of the historical region of banat is within the borders of serbia , which romania considers to be it 's own . 
  coincidentally , that 's where pretty much all the romanians ( in serbia ) live . 
   if it does n't there would seem to be a bigger issue . 
  yes . 
  it 's called corruption . 
  you think corrupt officials will go down without a fight , especially when they are in the majority ? 
  would i want it if it would n't ? 
  you think free movement between two countries that i travel a lot to makes no difference to my life ? 
  in what way does that invalidate the work of thousands of anti-corruption officials , who , thanks to this agreement were able to make meaningful change in a country riddled by corruption scandals ? 
  you said that it does n't really change much for romanians . 
  yes , it fucking does . 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  it changes a lot . 
  all that anti-corruption business that 's been happening in romania recently was only possible because of the bid to join schengen . 
  now the parliament is free to render the organisation that handled it useless . 
  i 'm from romania and currently live in scotland . 
  believe me , i want both countries to be part of it . 
  we 're friends with serbia ? 
  good to know , never heard that mentioned once . 
   surrounded by 100 % ethic romanians , you can leave your wallet on the table - nobody is going to touch it . 
  hahahahhaha , no ... 
  germany back then was a different country altogether when compared to the germany of today . 
  research output . 
  seriously ? 
  edinburgh is as red as it gets , though . 
  yeah , you 're right on all points . 
  i 'm convinced they were germans as well . 
  the `` v '' is wrong as well , depending on the time period they 're trying to emulate . 
  yep . 
  the fact that romanians called themselves ( and were called by others ) vlachs before the 18-19th centuries is pretty widely documented . 
  oh come on , latin is barely different to italian anyway . 
  hply shit , that 's amazing !, 
  i understood everything . 
  figures . 
  you 've been a source of great joy to me over the years . 
  ahahahahahahhahahahahhaahaha ... oh wait , you 're actually serious ? 
  let 's not kid ourselves , brexiteers are the reason we are in this shitfest in the first place . 
  also , the pound just saw it 's first significant increase since june . 
  because they smoked some plants that grow on the side of the street ?!, 
  i 'm not sure if you 're serious or not , but just in case you are , i disagree . 
  there needs to be widespread famine before anything significant will happen in the us . 
  easier said than done if the working class still have no appetite for a revolution . 
  absolutely . 
  they 're both amazing cities , but budapest is well worth visiting on its own right !, 
  if you do go , try to spend at least 2 days because the city has quite a lot to offer . 
  you 're being downvoted , but i agree . 
  especially in the uk , i have not seen a single nice building built after the 60 's and they are tearing down old buildings left and right to build some soulless steel structure that will have to be renovated in two decades cause it 's already ugly as shit . 
  yeah , i had that when i was a kid as well . 
  i generally attribute my proficiency in english to that and video games . 
  i also took 8 years of german in middle and high school , and the best i can manage is a two sentence conversation , it 's embarrassing . 
  oh god , i have that as well . 
  well , why not , actually ? 
  it 's pretty much the thing that sets us apart from the rest of the world . 
  there 's a reason tourists flock to europe from all over the planet and let 's be honest : old architectural styles    modern and post-modern buildings . 
  looks amazing , i wish we had more snow in the uk . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  we killed him , and dozens of his subordinaries have taken over the reigns . 
  the country was systematically chopped up , stripped of value and then sold to the highest bidder . 
  i 'd say the top 20 % of the people are genuinely better off right now , but the rest ? 
  i 'm not convinced ... 
  no starving ones either . 
  this picture was taken in 2014 , and you make it seem as if it were happening right now . 
  thankfully , nationalism never really took root in romania after ww2 . 
  populism of all kinds , though , is alive and well . 
  yeah , i never could get my head around that mindset either .
