  the german states were at one point different countries and i can assure you that people were saying that a unified german state will never happen or that the cultures are too different , or that they speak different languages , just like they do today with the eu . 
  it 's not comparable in many cases . 
   that blob was created because it was in a rich and vital part of the hungarian kingdom . 
  they could profit greatly from the great amount of trade in the region while the valach populations were second rate citizens of worse . 
  and i 'm the one rewriting history . 
  you , my friend , are delusional . 
  i do n't wish to continue our conversation . 
  oh my god , do n't give them ideas ... realistically though , i 'd wager that romania is the most pro-western ( also , pro-eu and pro-nato ) eastern european country by a lot . 
   i studied history in university a romanian one , i 'm sure . 
  also , never ever in history has a university been biased . 
  nope . 
  does n't happen . 
  even if it was n't true that northern transylvania had a majority hungarian population , there 's a debate to be had here , it 's not as black and white as people are trying to paint this issue , yet every single romanian i 've met just shows disdain and dismissal . 
  stop it with the vitriol . 
  it 's obvious you 're just a romanian immigrant in france , and my guess is , you 're from the southern parts of the country . 
  i 'm advocating a peaceful solution , no need to get this angry . 
  that romanian blob that got absorbed is much more sparsely populated even today than the hungarian and saxon parts . 
  how about the huge hungarian blob that got absorbed by romania , you do n't care about that do you ? 
  cause fuck hungarians , right ? 
  you left your native country because it was amazing , i 'm sure . 
   a thin strip along the border come on mate , you 're being irrational . 
  most if not all of the cities had a majority hungarian population ( arad , oradea , satu mare , targu mures , timisoara , cluj ) , pretty much the only exception being deva ( and the saxon cities ) . 
  [ look at this map of ethnicity ] ( http://lazarus.elte.hu/hun/maps/1910/nepek.gif ) and the [ look at this one after the second vienna award and then tell me there 's no correlation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/kingdom_of_hungary_1944_44_varmegye.png ) . 
  yet , you know what i was `` taught '' in a prestigious ( or so i was told ) romanian high-school ? 
  that hitler just randomly took a map of europe and drew the borders with his eyes closed and then awarded those territories to the hungarians . 
  even after the borders were redrawn there were still half a million hungarians living in romania ( and a million romanians living in hungary ) . 
  this could have been easily solved in a peaceful way and we would n't be having these endless discussions today . 
  let me guess : you 're romanian . 
  and no , being in the same ( terrible ) losing position as before the war , but even more humiliated is not `` doing alright '' . 
  it 's one of the biggest blunders of modern peace treaties . 
  i 'm sorry , but i say this as a romanian , it 's extremely hard to justify the annexation of szeklerland , the saxon cities and partium ( as well as northern banat and southern slovakia , but that 's a different discussion ) . 
  there should 've been a diplomatic solution , as was the case with turkey and greece ( which was messy in many other ways , but at least they exchanged populations and drew the borders more sensibly ) . 
  nobody 's talking about prevention here . 
  fact of the matter is that there are no treaties currently in place that deal with such issues , and there would have been a lot of uncertainty as to what exact method could be used to integrate scotland once it became fully-independent . 
  if you recall , most people at the time said that an independent scotland would have had to reapply in the same way any other country would if it were to join the eu for the first time . 
  and let 's be honest , that could well have taken years , if not a decade or two . 
   i 'm pretty sure the kremlin would rather see us in the eurasian union while i 'm sure you 're right , that 's pretty much a foregone conclusion at this point , and nothing short of an active military invasion will change it . 
  i 've heard and i find it a bit ridiculous . 
  for one , numerous romanian foreign ministers have repeatedly renounced all claims on northern bukovina over the years , and secondly , afaik we also did so in an officially recognised treaty . 
  who are you to talk with such certainty when neither salmond , nor sturgeon nor even eu officials could at the time ? 
  thanks !, 
  nagy-britannia it is . 
  i know , in fact a strong eu would ironically be the best the best solution for the problem of immigration in the uk . 
  how people are blind to this fact astounds me . 
   they kinda were tho . 
  let 's be honest and discard most censuses of the region of at the time . 
  they varied extremely wildly depending on who conducted them at the time ( it went from hungary -  romania -  hungary -  romania in the span of a few decades ) and each time the country that controlled the region showed their own ethnicity as being largest . 
  only in the cities can we find largely accurate documents of ownership ( in use even today ) , and those were undoubtedly majority hungarian ( with the exception of the saxon cities , and some , i assume , romanian ones ) . 
  note that i 'm talking about northern transylvania here , southern transylvania , including county 's such as hunedoara , had a long history of vlach/romanian populations . 
  there should rightly have been a compromise between the two countries , an exchange of populations between north and south , and frankly the hungarians got the absolute worst end of the deal after the war ( neither ) . 
   anti-romanian sentiments that article is incredibly poorly sourced , and i have seen many well-sourced refutations of parts of it . 
   second vienna award in which nazi germany , italy and hungary forced romania to cede southern dobrogea to bulgaria and northern transylvania to hungary none of which were romanian majority territories . 
  it 's hard to argue that borders were badly drawn in all countries after austria-hungary broke up . 
  the rest i agree with , but to say that we did n't join become a fascist country because we wanted to is kinda true , but a bit of a stretch . 
  there was heavy anti-communist sentiment in the country at the time , and the way minorities were treated ( including jews ) were the hallmarks of fascism at the time . 
   i never heard it as `` oo-kah '' i have and it sounds weird as fuck . 
  still , every time i want to talk about the uk as whole in hungarian , i have no idea how to do so if i want to maintain a semblance of correctness , while not sounding snobbish :(, 
  if ever there was more proof needed that you 're delusional , here it is . 
  i think it would . 
  in fact there 's already a trend of romanians moving back to romania in ever greater numbers . 
  golly gee , how dare he . 
  keep telling yourself that , mate . 
  let me tell you exactly what the exact reaction would be : muh democracy . 
  muh republic . 
  down with lizzie !, 
  that 's just ridiculous , obama backstabbing the uk by giving his opinion on a potentially far-reaching vote that threatens to destabilise almost all western countries . 
  good for him for being forthcoming and honest about it , and openly saying where his allegiance lies . 
  what , the president of one of the closest allies of your country should n't be allowed to give his opinion about the potential breakup of the biggest economic bloc on the planet ? 
  especially if he 's visiting said country shortly before the vote ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's the first time i hear it , yet i live in the uk and follow politics closely . 
   as scotland would have remained in the eu actually , that was almost certainly not the case . 
  the eu said they would 've had to reapply , albeit there would probably have been provision to speed up the process . 
  still , this has n't happened before so uncertainty was high . 
   house of lords that 's such an unexpectedly good metaphor . 
  i never expected to defend them , but the lords have in many cases taken better stances than the commons in the past few years ( such as the tax credit veto ) . 
  there 's already talks within the conservative party to neuter them for this very reason . 
  oooh , right , i just glanced over the comment you were responding to , i did n't realise we were talking about the possibility of a republic . 
  i probably do n't speak on behalf of all romanians , but frankly , the vast majority of the general public has no idea about foreign policy in this country ( nor do they really care , considering the only remotely credible threat is russia , and they 're probably not all that interested in expanding further west than ukraine/transnistria and keeping belarus in their sphere of influence ) . 
  ukraine was flexing its muscle at one time , but now it 's mostly just russia ( and it 's not even that far fetched , as far as threats go ) . 
  well why exactly ? 
  transylvania was part of the austrian empire for the longest time , and nazi germany was allied with romania during wwii ( and i 'm not saying it 's good or anything , but it was the case historically ) . 
  plus , as far current history goes , romania is probably not even viewed that unfavourably in germany , compared to say , france , the netherlands or scandinavia . 
  depends , really . 
  usually soured cream with a fat content of about 12-14 % is sour , but once you get into the 20 % + range it 's just extremely creamy and buttery in taste . 
   your president what president ? 
  you mean the pm becoming a king ?!, 
  how even ? 
   njegu\u0161ki pr\u0161ut ... love it !, 
  if you ever get to montenegro do n't miss it !, 
   tejf\u00f6l it 's called sour ( ed ) cream in english ( or cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche , depending on the fat content ) . 
  i know . 
  i 'm talking about people 's reaction to corbyn backing the eu . 
  people say he 's not genuine , just like you did a while ago , but if he did n't do it , he 'd cause a huge fallout . 
  so there 's really no way for him to get a positive reaction from this . 
  damned if he does , damned if he does n't . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  then learn to write in english . 
  if you were actually quoting and not agreeing with him , you would 've used `` quotes '' . 
  but you did n't , and frankly , we both know you agree that the people who think the eu works well ( or those that are pushing for federalisation ) are delusional .
