  spain is projected to grow by 2.1 % this year per worldbank . 
  they have other issues of course , but their growth is n't even close to being sluggish . 
  people on here are supporting the eu in this anti-sovereign action because sovereignty is n't their priority on this topic and there are reasons to find eu-wide military co-operation an attractive prospect . 
  i suspect there 'll be quite a bit of debate if/when the topic becomes more known to the wider public , though . 
   going to be a hard sell to countries barely experiencing any economic growth or on the brink of recession . 
  only italy and greece are really in this spot though , and from memory italy have shown plenty of enthusiasm for the idea despite their economic situation . 
  i think sovereignty will be a much more pressing issue than the financial side of things . 
  in what world is the uk 's military on the same level as the us 's ? 
  nobody 's is . 
  what has cheering for death got to do with being democratic or open-minded ? 
  because the response to terrorism has to be either create a police state or do nothing ? 
  the uk was n't getting attacked like this a while ago , though . 
  it 's like all the radical muslims in the uk woke up at once right now . 
  uh , ireland is doing extremely well , though ? 
  that is the case for now but tax harmonisation without compensation considered adequate would 100 % be a hill to die on for the irish public . 
  `` germany tells ireland to voluntarily collapse its own economy so it can have slightly more money '' would be the narrative and it would instantly turn ireland from incredibly pro-eu to highly against it . 
  france is intending to drop its corporation tax rate from 33 % to 25 % in the near future . 
  you can find data from the last few decades and see a consistent drop in corporation tax rates across the board , too . 
  i remember seeing that a few months ago and the downward trend was incredibly strong . 
  i would imagine that the people who staunchy defend the eu 's tax havens would feel that the eu 's other members have a responsibility to keep their tax rates comparatively unattractive in order to preserve the advantage that the tax havens have . 
  other countries with more going for them lowering their taxes to the point of the tax havens would be seen as purposefully destroying the economies of those countries for comparatively minor gain . 
  do you want the labour reform to go through , personally ? 
  why or why not ? 
  itt : people who think that tax havens will happily change their tax policies if `` but it 's unfair reeeeeeeeeee '' is screamed at them enough times . 
  anyway , i agree with the article but what sort of compensation is necessary for tax havens is going to be an interesting discussion for the eu to have . 
  those countries are going to want a pretty good plan in action to ensure that their economy can actually get back on its feet because nobody is going to sign up to being on eu-funded life support for decades on end . 
  i 'm not too worried about the dependency issues brought up in this thread because eu funding countries which need it is already a thing and as an irish person i know that a nation can use those funds to eventually achieve a state where they are no longer needed ( maybe it takes some shady tax deals along the way to do so , though ... ) , but i 'm only ok with this system of compensation for tax havens if there is realistic hope that they will no longer need them at some point in time . 
  i do n't think just replacing their lost tax revenue is really good enough for that , honestly . 
  i really do n't like how the existence of tax havens favours big companies and if we can eliminate that within the eu then that 's a great thing but i would love more dialogue on how we can do that without collapsing multiple economies because without that dialogue this is never going to happen . 
  it 's gon na be very interesting seeing what ends up being offered to the hax havens to get them to agree to tax harmonisation . 
  i have to say , i wish discussion on eurozone policy could be a little bit more nuanced than just `` we want fiscal harmony and eurobonds and stuff '' and `` let 's not do that '' . 
  i find it really encouraging that so much noise is currently coming from various parties regarding reforming the eurozone to actually make it work , but i find it so frustrating how many parties are willing to reject the offered proposals and make no effort to offer alternatives . 
  how can anybody truly be happy with the ez in its current state ? 
  i absolutely understand why so many people are unwilling to agree to common eurozone financial policy , as there are legitimate concerns for every type of country that would be affected by it , but something needs to change at some point and i see too many people prepared to stagnate on this issue considering how dissatisfying the status quo is on it . 
  for me personally , the eurozone 's state is the # 1 issue i would like to see addressed within the eu , so i suppose i just wish more of the people in charge shared my priorities . 
   sounds like a bunch of the things trump was pushing for is happening . 
  ... for example ? 
  given how unstable the political climate in italy is , i find it hard to imagine this scenario . 
  i would very much like italy to take a bigger role in the eu , though . 
   true , but thats what i believe will happen do n't guarantee things you simply believe in . 
   im no expert on economics but the germans have been really pissy at us for being host to microsoft , facebook , apple , ect and i dont see that domineering attitude changeing . 
  everyone is pissy at us for this . 
  you 'd be a lot less paranoid about the eu if you did n't believe that germany were the only country that ever said things . 
   how specificly will they try to attack our economy ? 
  im not sure , you can never guess specifics like that . 
  it 's certainly a lot harder to guess things when you know nothing about them , yes . 
   when i say cut off im refering to tariffes . 
  the eu has been consistently attempting to reduce tariffs and increase trade with non-eu economies . 
  what would change to encourage heavy protectionism within the eu ? 
  everything you talk about to prophecise doom is just `` this bad thing has absolutely no reason to happen , but totally could ! '' . 
   problem is we joined it when it was a trade league no we did n't ? 
  if the eu was simply a trade deal when we joined then we would still be an impoverished country today . 
  we did n't receive huge amounts of money from the eu to get our economy off the ground as part of a simple trade agreement . 
   why wouldent they want to screw ireland over ? 
  `` why not ? '', 
  is not a valid answer to `` why ? '' . 
  you have to tell me why it is in the eu 's interest to impoverish one of its member states beyond `` they theoretically could , maybe '' . 
  you also have to tell me why the eu 's other member states are willing to throw ireland to the wolves in this scenario when they would evidently all be valid targets if ireland is . 
   the eu army they keep trying to build would keep us in i 'm curious as to how germany could convince the entire union to mobilise against a member attempting to leave legally . 
   one of the functions of the euro is to trap any country inside the eu you have presented a scenario to me in which the eu has maliciously destroyed ireland 's economy and stolen all of its businesses for germany 's gain . 
  in this scenario we have so little to lose and so much to gain that the problems associated with leaving the currency union would be worthwhile . 
  if your worries about the future of an eu with unified fiscal policy was based on anything but a world in which somehow germany is the only country with any say in literally every eu policy then i 'd be happier about this conversation but between just how out of whack your concept of the world is and your writing style , i 'm pretty convinced that you 're a young teen whose world news comes exclusively from his probably racist father . 
  i 'm not going to make any further responses to conspiracies that rely entirely on germany having absolute power in the eu and being willing to spite itself for the sake of destroying its friends , because that is very obviously a bonkers basis for discussion . 
  alright , let 's start then . 
   if the eu dose federalize i garantee ireland will become poor guarantees are always a strong way to start an argument . 
  experts are always happy to give those on significant future events . 
   without any control of our currency the euro will only be ajusted to fix german not irish intrests we do not currently have any native control of our currency . 
  what is your stance on how the currency currently suits irish needs vs german ones ? 
  in what way do you expect germany to change the currency to suit their needs , and will these ways truly be unhelpful to the irish economy ? 
   our corporation tax will be raised as the eu gains powers over our laws this has to happen eventually and likely would be pushed regardless of fiscal unity . 
  the practicalities will be worked out , obviously . 
   we will be cut off from our biggest tradeing parthners and allies us and uk umm ... why ? 
  what has eurozone financial policy got to do with our international trade , exactly ? 
   we fought the british for hundreds of years to get freedom from an oppressive union , why do you want to join another ? 
  well , stating that a eurozone with united fiscal policy would be unanimously recognised as an `` oppressive union '' is intellectually dishonest , so this question instantly goes out the window . 
  i have no desire for any country to join an oppressive union . 
   will the eu enforce a checkpoint like in the troubles ? 
  what about the free movement of people and goods with the british that ireland arranged before the eu ? 
  is that stopped ? 
  again , where is any of this coming from ? 
  why would the eu have any interest in changing how its borders function ? 
  why are we arguing based on the assumption that the eu 's prerogative immediately after theoretical federalisation would be to work to screw over ireland in every possible way ? 
  what keeps ireland in the union if it randomly decides to turn into a league of evil ? 
  i did n't dodge it , actually . 
  i asked you the question i did because your question only makes sense if you actually believe that the eurozone is just a trade organisation . 
  that is not what the eurozone is and therefore the question is moot . 
  in a trade partnership , yes , every involved party should have equal presence . 
  but that 's not relevant to how a currency union should work , i 'm sorry . 
  are you attempting to define the eurozone as a simple free trade group ? 
  why should german people be worth so much less than irish people ? 
  4 million people being able to force stuff that screws over 80 million people would be a travesty for democracy . 
  yeah , they seem pretty chill . 
  how on earth are you trying to argue that ireland mattering less than germany makes the eu undemocratic ? 
  that 's 100 % democratic . 
  would you complain that ireland is undemocratic because sligo ca n't force what it wants on the country as a whole ? 
  this is a really great and illuminating article , and i 'd advise anyone to read it despite its length . 
  i found it super interesting . 
  it 's not really worth worrying about - none of this is coming from germany . 
  it 's just that with brexit and trump 's international relations being such a hot topic , the eu is very relevant right now and merkel gets a lot of the attention when that is the case . 
  people are picking up on merkel impressing with her recent statements about europe and trump too , so the germany = doing impactful shit narrative is picking up a lot of steam .
