  would love to visit that library . 
  the boost for fine gael and his possession of the highest approval rate of any party leader says that for me . 
  people seem relieved not to have enda . 
  the honeymoon period for leo is putting in work . 
  well , ideally he could have gotten treatment before the whole chainsaw massacre thing . 
  they 're in nato and have a population of over 80 million . 
  they have everything they need to run a strong war campaign . 
  we want you to leave . 
  that 's the point . 
  if you were worried about a lot of people becoming fans of hitler then yeah , minimising the attention given to him would be wise . 
  because they 're in the middle of a masters degree , apparently ? 
  i just do n't see how macron thinks his plan of a france attracting lots of foreign investment and interest is going to work if he does n't prioritise not only having a highly educated workforce but also making france an attractive place for foreigners to study . 
  i understand that france is trying to save money but education is not the right place to be looking for savings - it 's totally counterproductive for macron 's agenda . 
  but france already has a pretty meh education system . 
  i do n't think you 're gon na take france to new exciting places with poor public education , macron . 
  i 'd like to be able to discuss turkey , so i read threads regarding the country . 
  it 's not wrong of me to hope that people like you will have finally moved on from `` but turkey is in asia xddd '' . 
  part of their country is in the standard geographical definition of europe , they are a part of various europe-based organisations ( uefa , the ebu , the council of europe ) and they were until recently a candidate for membership of the european union . 
  maybe their culture is more in line with that of the middle east than it is with what you define as european culture , but on the other hand they used to stick out quite a bit within the middle east too , before erdogan started to change that . 
  like i said , the most important thing is that this sub 's policy on turkey 's inclusion is clear and bringing it up in every topic related to the country is beyond pointless and antagonistic at this point . 
  but turkey has plenty of claim to being european and it 's far from the only geographically questionable country discussed on this sub either . 
  people would question malta and cyprus if it were n't for their eu membership . 
  i wish every thread about turkey would n't instantly call forth hordes of `` lol you 're not european , idiots '' people . 
  it should be very clear by now that the sub 's policy is to include turkey in europe and and they have enough stuff in their favour to claim being european that it 's really not as open and shut a case as people like to claim . 
  if you do n't think turkey is european then feel free to ignore its threads but you do n't need to antagonise the turkish posters with what essentially amounts to `` you ca n't join our club cos we do n't like you ! '' . 
  on-topic : wow , what a scumbag !, 
  to my knowledge there are none of these in ireland , so i imagine quite a few european countries do n't have them perhaps ? 
  thank you for posting this . 
  anti-minority groups attacking other groups with `` they 're so horrible to [ minority ] !! '', 
  is such a disgusting thing to do and yet it 's so prevalent . 
  i do n't need to be saved from muslims by people who are just as if not more willing to take away my rights , but apparently i should see donald trump as a defender of the gays or something . 
  i mean , maybe , but it 's still better to have a high migrant population than not have a population at all . 
  umm , western europe has better birthrates than eastern europe . 
  sure our population is only staying up because we have immigration , but your staunch defense of bigotry is n't stopping your populations collapsing . 
  well , yes and no . 
  you 're right that i 'm being too simplistic but for example , tourism - i 'd say czechia does better being considered eastern than it would if considered western in terms of tourism . 
  prague is ` interesting ' and fashionable to visit primarily because eastern europe is an atypical tourist destination for westerners and it 's a beautiful city considered to be in that group . 
  in terms of business opportunities , businesspeople do n't care where a country is but only its actually solid economic metrics and czechia is doing fantastically in those . 
  being considered eastern is probably a depressing factor on your inwards migration but i get the impression that that 's desirable for your country 's population . 
  i suppose the main downside i think there is from the eastern european label is the negative impact it has on `` made in x '' labels , but you can circumvent that by using made in eu if you 're worried about that . 
  you do n't need to apologise - i 'm not defending the system i 'm discussing . 
  i am just offering an explanation as to why czechia seems so firmly stuck in the eastern european category and why it is likely to be in that group for a decent length of time yet . 
  at the end of the day what region people think a country belongs to does n't matter at all , so it 's not worth caring about . 
  you 'd be wise to stop caring about where people say your country is . 
  the division is a complicated thing at the end of the day , so it 's never going to be black and white . 
  my theory is that the division of western/eastern europe is primarily designed by western europeans to allow themselves to say that their group has all of the `` good '' countries and that the other group has all the `` bad '' ones - it 's an ego boost to think that the group you belong to is flawless and that other groups suck ( this is common social behaviour ) . 
  this is why countries like finland , sweden and greece are usually considered western - if westerners acknowledged them as eastern european , they 'd have to accept that a group they do not belong to has great countries in it . 
  claiming those countries as western simultaneously makes the western label more positive and the eastern one more negative . 
  czechia can eventually become a ` western ' country - it just needs to reach a stage where it 's considered desirable to associate with by the majority of western people . 
  that will happen eventually , but right now the country is n't very well-known and most people are behind on its economic development , so it 'll be a while yet . 
  if you divide europe simply into geographic east and west ( excluding the skewing russia ) then i think czechia comes down on the western side , which will make it very easy to magically make western when people want it to be . 
  i 'm sure it wo n't be too long until people realise that actually czechia has a pretty competent economy , and at that point it will just be a matter of time until `` of course it 's western , it 's right by germany '' becomes a common statement . 
  poland will get there eventually too , though imo geography is not on its side to the same extent and there 's a fair bit more stigma in western europe about that country than there is about yours . 
  to talk briefly about greece : it 's considered western despite being poor as hell at this stage and actually quite far to the east because until the crisis it was not considered to be a poor/backwards country and its infamous history is highly desirable for western europeans to claim . 
  if greece is still considered poor in like , 50 years , then i imagine the narrative will have shifted by then and the west will disown it , but right now greece gets a free pass because the west wants to claim its glorious history and few people actually realise even now just how far greece is behind the richer western countries . 
  it 's even possible that if portugal , spain and italy went into collapse for a few decades , they would no longer be considered western and the term ` southern european ' would enter popular usage . 
  use of that term has already spiked as a result of the financial crisis as a way for other western europeans to distance themselves from the supposedly lazy money-wasters in the south , despite things not actually being all that bad down there in the grand scheme of things . 
  these things are flexible , but they 're slow , so you 're going to need to put up with the grouping you 're in for a while yet , but it 'll change eventually . 
  why not ? 
  they 're growing almost as fast as poland while having a much higher starting point , their economy is getting less unsteady by the day ( yes unemployment is still crazy , but it 's going down consistently ) , their population remains appreciably larger than that of poland and they 're much more aligned with french and german views than poland are . 
  if they can sort out what 's going on in catalonia in a non-catastrophic fashion and fully modernise their economy so a 15 % + unemployment rate is n't the norm then i see no reason they ca n't become a very prominent member of the eu outside of lacking the will to . 
  if there is a plan to increase engagement then i 'm all for this for sure . 
  i just want there to be reasonable optimism that people will take part in that election , and if turnout does end up being awful for ec elections then i 'd like either more measures to be taken to improve that or a revert to the current system . 
  i do n't understand how ireland is so low . 
  you ca n't get anywhere without cars in this country . 
  i 'd probably say no to this until the eu finds some way to increase turnout in mep elections . 
  i trust how the ec is currently put together more than i would a 100 % democratic means of composition with current levels of eu engagement among the public . 
  we 've already got so many awful meps because super low turnout favours the crazy . 
  you think norwegians are n't european , for example ? 
  damn , european infrastructure is gon na be so good . 
  i love seeing these inter-country connections being made . 
  italy has a consistently volatile political climate that prevents it from really engaging on a european level and its economic outlook being so depressing is causing people to look for alternatives . 
  spain and poland are the ones who will be worth looking at in future . 
  that 's why he does n't let you watch him . 
  this is n't how capitalism works . 
  planned obsolescence is done for a reason . 
  great job malta !, 
  first 2004 eu country to do it . 
  that 's ok , i just thought a few people ( myself included ) might appreciate it . 
  i 've signed up because it seems worthwhile anyway , so thanks for linking it !, 
  do n't suppose you can post the raw text of the article you linked in here ? 
  it requires subscription to read . 
  i do n't think that enforcing common tax policy without adequate compensation will only affect 5 % of the eu , but alright . 
  i would be very interested to see how bowing to french populists no matter the consequences would work out for the eu . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  you said that you want sweden to be punished , and desires are not the real world . 
  there is no reason for you to jump straight to `` i want sweden to fail '' when you could easily imagine a scenario where they succeed and everything is fine . 
  it sounds to me like you want sweden to fail because it would justify kicking out muslims elsewhere . 
  you think the eu should make sure tax havens and potentially a few other countries are pissed off because it will slightly reduce the chances of france being pissed off ? 
  that would be more powers for the eu , not the parliament . 
  asking for the parliament to be more powerful is only ever going to be asking to drain powers from other eu institutions and you really should n't need to question that . 
  why ? 
  if it works out in sweden in the end then there does n't need to be a cautionary tale . 
  i love london 's skyline in general but the shard is so ugly . 
  i think it reminds me too much of the spire . 
  out of all the buildings shown here , il dritto is probably my least favourite . 
  it looks so old and out of date compared to the other skyscrapers on offer . 
  luxembourg 's tallest building being an eu institution is pleasingly fitting . 
  ireland is n't the only tax haven , though . 
  maybe ireland could keep a lot of its multinationals : it certainly has a few things going for it outside of its tax system .
