   at least i do n't have to vehemently defend a redundant `` holiday '' to prove my masculinity . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about here at all , but if you really hate men being treated badly then i would n't jump straight into male-specific insults ( what has my masculinity got to do with anything ? ), 
  when you get frustrated with an argument . 
  this is why the catholic church has so little influence in ireland now : / ireland 's ultra-religious days were very dark times . 
   which requires me to attone for the unfairness i never partook in i do n't know about you but as a man i 've not been made to attone for anything at all . 
  were you like , beaten on women 's day or something ? 
   you mean a portion of the western world i guess ? 
  i mean , i 'm obviously talking about the western world . 
  i 'm not sure feminism ever had a good rep outside of it , so it 's not really relevant to talk about . 
   feminism lives off the goodwill of people because of what was achieved decades ago . 
  so you 're admitting that people still largely think it 's a good thing . 
  great - glad we had this conversation . 
   all the `` big four '' service economies this is germany , france , italy and spain , right ? 
  if so , that 's great to see . 
  i hope this year is ok for italy and things continue to improve in france/spain . 
  overall , great job everyone !, 
  italian banking crisis and greece being greece ( sorry guys ) aside , it 's been a while since i saw bad economic news about the eu . 
  i do n't know if he is right to believe that the west only cares about whether or not turkey is pro-west , but i can see why someone who believes that would be upset about it and it 's a sentiment i see with a lot of struggling countries . 
  it has to suck to feel like your struggles are only of interest to countries that supposedly care about you if what 's going on in your country harms the west . 
  turkish people are in a horrible situation right now and i can see why they 'd be upset at the prospect of the west only caring to help them as long as its in the west 's interests . 
  personally turkey has gone from a place i was quite excited to visit to a place that i ca n't imagine visiting for ... probably multiple decades at the least . 
  i remember reading about istanbul and thinking it sounded like a really wonderful and interesting place but the country just does n't seem like somewhere to visit anymore . 
  i know i 'm just one person and probably only would have visited turkey a couple of times anyway , but it 's something . 
  that does n't matter . 
  the point is that feminism is a word that for the majority of the population is positive and maintains the positive connotations that it always has . 
  you thinking that it * should * be negative does not make it so , as i stated in my first post . 
  i understand that the world is a lot more likeable if you shape it to be what you like in your mind , but it is better to live in reality . 
  feminism is mentioned in positive contexts because the world thinks of it as a positive concept . 
  your personal definition of the word being negative does not negate that . 
  it 's a politician advocating for discrimination . 
  it proves that there are still sexist attitudes in certain areas . 
   here i was , a 8 year old wondering why girls are celebrated but not men . 
  and then you learned some history and thought `` ok fair enough '' , right ? 
  dear god the false equivalency of this . 
  there are a lot of people on here who assume that the opinion they have and the opinion of the people that they actively seek out must be the opinion of the general populace . 
   feminism has lost any positive connotation - a long time ago . 
  this is an extremely ignorant statement and i 'd advise you to place less importance on your own personal perspective on the world . 
  feminist has lost positive connotations for * you * , and other people who think like you . 
  there are very obviously a huge number of people who still think the term is positive - the majority of the population , even . 
  how do i know this ? 
  because :  chauvinism is almost always said in a negative context and feminism is n't it 's cool if you hate feminism but trying to convince people that the world as a whole does is dumb . 
  it 's a positive movement in the mind of most . 
  yes , completely . 
  i love the name istanbul but constantinople absolutely deserves to be a city name still . 
  it 's hard to think of a city name more epic than that and there 's just so much history attached to the name . 
  i suppose i should just be thankful that rome and athens still have those names . 
  ireland actually gains territory :d, 
  so you should just choose the person who actively wants to let it repeat itself ? 
  no matter how slim the chance of macron improving the system is , it 's a better chance than the 0 % offered by le pen and fillon . 
  thus , he 's the best choice if you care about sorting this stuff out . 
  the point is that it 's hardly `` our failure '' given that it 's a failure that every country in the world has made . 
  the us would n't be able to shield itself from the eu collapsing , nor china , and china would n't be immune to either of the great western economies collapsing either . 
  the world is interconnected to the point where being immune to what 's going on elsewhere just is n't possible anymore . 
  nobody has any ability to change that . 
  how the hell does any country shield their economy from problems in the us ? 
  us collapse = everyone hurts . 
  everyone . 
   you are only setting up your own demise by signing up to the same stuff that 's already breaking eu apart . 
  sorry but are you seriously trying to argue that people who wish to preserve the eu would be best off voting in the anti-eu parties ? 
   there is no wage gap so it does not matter how he defends what is n't . 
  it does matter . 
  the point of this thread is n't to discuss the wage gap , it 's to discuss the bigotry a man is using to defend it . 
  whether or not it actually exists is irrelevant to this particular discussion , because we 're not talking about it . 
  we 're talking about a man who said sexist things when talking about it . 
  so we should wish for its destruction ? 
  spain seems to be doing alright at the mo. 
   also i think that most of the gay community agrees with me when i say that they do more harm than good not even slightly . 
   sexuality should n't be a reason to pride yourself with . 
  `` pride '' in this context just means `` opposite of shame '' . 
  the point of gay pride is to show that you are not ashamed of your sexuality , and unfortunately `` gay non-shame '' was n't a very catchy title . 
   gays should try to show that they are exactly like the rest and normal people no ? 
  hiding away so you do n't offend people does nothing . 
   behaving like a fucking degenerate lovely . 
  `` a small fraction of the lgbt + community has a negative attitude towards bisexuals and so i 'm going to throw the whole community and an event precious to them under the bus '' . 
  you 're kind of false equivalance personified , are n't you ? 
   do you think someone who 's on a fence in regards to gay rights will suddenly have an epiphany due to such parades ? 
  obviously not ? 
   the one time of year when you get to advertise the normality of homosexuality to the masses that 's not the point of pride . 
  the point of pride in terms of advancing the image of lgbt + people is to either expand the definition of `` normal '' , or convince people that being different from the norm is not a reason to hate someone . 
  lgbt people do n't want to convince hetero people that they 're the same - they want to convince hetero people that being different is not a bad thing . 
  i 'm a pretty uninteresting person but as a gay man i have no intentions of getting approval from society by bending over backwards to fit into their definition of `` normal '' . 
  my hope is that society around the world can be convinced that just because i do n't conform to the norm does not mean i 'm bad . 
  i think it 's good . 
  people need a reminder that lgbt people exist and are `` real '' rather than an abstract concept . 
  even if reaction to the event itself is negative , it 's important for lgbt people to have some form of presence in a community . 
  it 's also really great to have an occasion for people in an oppressed minority to show solidarity with each other and feel a sense of belonging . 
  basically yes . 
  if you 're not generating enough money to justify the corporation tax rate then you can hike income taxes for example , but basically you 're hoping that the sheer increase in companies giving you corporation tax , the increase in output from that influx in countries and the increase in income tax generated from having more jobs makes up the difference . 
  it 's pretty easy to get to the point where you 're producing so much more than you would with a higher tax rate that you overtake how much you 'd have taken in with the old tax rate . 
  ireland 's economy is basically modelled on this . 
  you need to work on your english either way , buddy . 
  there 's no reason to look like you 're a 9 year old no matter what part of the country you 're from . 
  ireland is ok , just because its unemployment rate is n't actually approaching the danger zone yet . 
  ireland has a ton of stuff in its favour to stop it ever becoming a problem though , so it 's hard to see any point in the next few decades where we just ca n't get workers . 
  that 's why i asked if you live in connemara . 
  if you are native to a gaeltacht region then you get a pass . 
  if not , `` technically this is n't my country 's language ! '', 
  does n't excuse you from being shit at the language you 've spoken since birth . 
  i can see why you 'd find it a bit surprising as a non-european but corporation tax in europe has been trending down for decades now . 
  if you look at the first graph on this page ( set to `` max '' ) : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/corporate-tax-rate you can see how dramatic the change in the eurozone has been , with an average corporation tax rate of 36.8 % in 1995 now only being 24.3 % .
