  i 'm not an economist so i ca n't say with complete certainty why this is , but my personal belief is just that europe is incredibly competitive compared to other regions . 
  every international company wants an eu headquarters and every eu state wants to be that . 
  how do you make yourself attractive ? 
  be cheap . 
  when you add in the fact that you do n't want life to be harder for entrepreneurs in your country than it is in your neighbour 's , you can see why the rates are generally so low , and why countries like france on the higher end want to be more in line with their competition . 
  you just ca n't afford to be unfriendly to business in the eu , and imo every eu country with a corporation tax that 's an outlier in how high it is needs to address that . 
  that excuse would n't fly in the us and it does n't fly in ireland either . 
  i 'm just curious as to why you speak your nation 's primary language so badly . 
  it very much is . 
  your post is just pointless . 
  if greece could leave the ez and end austerity with no negative consequences with such ease then they would have done so long ago . 
  you need to explain how they can do those things and make them work , because that 's what greece has n't figured out up to now . 
  there have been a million posts with the exact same sentiment that you have expressed since the economic crisis began , and not just about greece but every country that at one point was in a bailout scenario . 
  they have all been made by people who think that massive and complex problems can be solved in seconds . 
  sorry but do you seriously not know of the situation between greece and turkey ? 
  the reason he 's replying to you is because the ally you 've suggested greece make instead of being with the eu is hilariously inappropriate . 
  a turkish/greek alliance is never happening . 
  also are you from connemara or something ? 
  your english is dire . 
  yes , because economic policies that take 12 words to describe are definitely well-thought-out . 
  i believe it also stifles growth if countries are n't attractive enough to outsiders , because it gets to the point where you ca n't actually expand your economies because there 's no labour available to fuel that . 
  this came up recently here with an article on denmark , where the government are expecting economic growth to slow down because they have n't got the people to fuel it . 
  this is interesting . 
  what would you say is the unemployment rate that spain should aim for in order to be pretty happy ? 
  if you went under 10 % again would that be considered good times ? 
  thank you so much for this , that 's really nice of you to explain . 
  reddit formatting is a bit of a nightmare for me , i must admit , 
  i 'm not sure if you 're getting across a point here or just genuinely expressing surprise . 
   not too sure how i feel about the corporate tax cut as i feel companies should pay more than citizens but if he wants to maintain it at the eu average then i wo n't feel to badly about it . 
  i like it . 
  france seems to be realising that it 's not as attractive to multinationals as it could be and it seems to be making a serious drive at changing that , while encouraging innovation in its population at the same time . 
  plus , its corporation tax is already high enough that even with a substantial drop like macron is proposing , you 're still in `` well that 's a pretty decent tax is n't it ? '', 
  territory . 
  imo more countries need to follow macron 's lead here . 
  italy have absolutely no right to be holding onto a 31.5 % corporation tax , for example . 
  it just instantly makes you so unattractive . 
  they sent a very interesting song to eurovision once called ` euro neuro ' which i think held lessons for all of us :  euro neuro , dont be dogmatic , bureaucratic  you need to become pragmatic  to stop change climatic , automatic  need contribution from the institution  to find solution for pollution  to save the children of the evolution bonus points for also featuring the lyric `` monetary break dance '' . 
  edit : hmm , figuring out how to fix this formatting took more than a few seconds so ... 
  i give up . 
  the short summary of the story is that the catholic church committed extraordinary abuses of the insane power that they had and did unspeakable things to the nation . 
  think of ireland in 2017 as the child that was abused giving its abusive parent what they deserve for their actions . 
  i 'll link you a couple of things here : * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_catholic_church_sexual_abuse_scandal_in_ireland * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magdalene_laundries_in_ireland the first of those links details extremely widespread sexual abuse of irish children by priests , with a highly organised attempt by the church to cover it up for as long as was possible . 
  the second details the truly vile treatment given to irish women who had children out of marriage by catholic-run institutions , because the church wished to punish `` fallen women '' . 
  these scandals and more have majorly impacted irish perception of the church , and when you combine that with the all-encompassing and oppressive influence that they had over our culture for so long , there is a * lot * of resentment as a country . 
  ireland was for a long time completely under the thumb of the clergy and had its morals defined entirely by what they said , with church policies encouraging ( almost forcing ) the population to do appalling things and be part of a culture that could only be defined as toxic . 
  nobody was happy in catholic ireland . 
  when we found out that the people who were consistently telling us to be ashamed of any and all ( supposed ) moral failings were actually downright evil themselves , suddenly we did n't like being spoken down to anymore . 
  since then we 've been a much more open-minded nation because we are weary of the dangers of accepting something just because someone told you that it was true . 
  attitude towards lgbt + have improved so dramatically and quickly in ireland because as a country we realised that actually , the church saying that gays were bad was n't enough evidence that they were . 
  i mean , she got 3 million more votes than him . 
  she just got them in the wrong places . 
  if the eu somehow decreed to poland that they had to legalise gay marriage , that would n't change poland being opposed to it . 
  ireland is a bit of an exceptional case because the irish people were given very good reason to pay less attention to the teachings of the church . 
  the turnaround was still exceptional but i doubt many places can replicate us . 
  for you it has n't . 
  for the general population , it has . 
  otherwise there would not be countries with same-sex marriage . 
  stop assuming that your fondness for sticking to traditional changes prevents the rest of the world from moving on . 
   the definition of marriage you realise that language evolves over time , right ? 
  the definition of marriage has long since stopped being `` incentive for recreation '' . 
   `` there 's just not that many people out there who are n't in a job , '' said michael nederby , the company 's managing director . 
  he is now searching in germany , poland and portugal for workers . 
  `` the problem will get worse in coming years . '', 
  is n't `` fianc\u00e9 '' vs `` fianc\u00e9e '' just people always using one or the other regardless of gender ? 
  it 's not surprising that people do this , because gendered nouns in english are n't supposed to be a thing , and people are n't really used to the concept . 
  it 's similar to how people will generally use blonde and brunette regardless of sex . 
  i 'm generally harsh on people who make common mixups with english but i can forgive them on gendered stuff , because it 's relatively alien to the language . 
  in irish english it 's basically dead but having lived in england for 3 years my impression is that it 's dead here too , at least among the youth . 
  i honestly do n't think i 've heard the word used once here , which will partly be down to the occasion for the word to pop up being rare . 
  personal impression is that the word will be completely out of use in a few generations ( perhaps outside of `` to whom it may concern '' ) , which makes it understandable that so many people struggle with using it . 
  there 's very little incentive to understand it , because you can just use `` who '' instead and nobody cares . 
  even in situations where it 's technically incorrect to use `` who '' , it 's not incorrect to the point where someone will misunderstand you . 
  they trigger the other native speakers too . 
  thanks for that , i was hoping someone would correct me if i were wrong . 
  glad to see paris and frankfurt getting some jobs too !, 
  i hope milan sees some , i know the italian government is pushing for that . 
  yeah this is kind of an issue that needs to be brought up . 
  once you take out people obsessed with either a united ireland or united ... united kingdom , all you 're left with regarding with ni is an economic hot potato . 
  it is outdated , but even with it being outdated it is still relevant to this discussion . 
  ireland 's relatively recent past as a deeply catholic country does temper the nation 's perception of certain things and the fact that we 've moved past that to become highly progressive while germany struggles without that obstacle should be a pain point for germany . 
  they 're falling behind countries that , given history , have no right to be overtaking them . 
  i do n't know how positive the rest of britain feels towards scotland , i just know that they feel a lot more possessive of scotland than they do of northern ireland . 
  i 've been living in england for 3 years and any english person i asked could tell me a dozen facts about scotland . 
  most of them could n't even name the capital of northern ireland , let alone anything else . 
  i do n't think that the rest of the uk * dislikes * northern ireland at all ( why would anyone really ? 
  ) , but it 's very distant to you guys compared to the countries you actually share a landmass with , and i find it hard to imagine a large proportion of the uk having any real investment in the status of ni inside or outside of the union . 
  it 's just not at all salient to british people . 
  i 'm pretty sure the english/welsh are a * lot * more attached to the scottish than to the northern irish . 
  this is all just saying that success breeds success , particularly the comparison to irish counties . 
  if you really think germany vs greece is comparable to dublin vs leitrim then i 'm even more confident that germany is not an abusive country and is completely right to act as it is . 
  dublin has success because it 's naturally inclined to have success , leitrim does not because it 's got nothing to offer economically . 
  in order for that situation to change , the irish government would have to give ludicrous incentives for business to move to leitrim to make up for its huge wealth of disadvantages , and that 's just not worth it when businesses are happy to work in dublin . 
  it 'd be equivalent to the eu deciding to create huge barriers to doing business in germany and doing the opposite for greece in an attempt to rob germany of business that it 's rightfully earned and give it to a country that 's failed primarily due to its own decisions . 
  you are acting as if germany got into the position of being the eu 's strongest economy from sheer luck and calling things like a strong work ethic `` unfair advantages '' . 
  that is insane . 
  i do n't really see any appetite in the uk to get rid of it , and there 's none at all in ireland , so i 'm not sure why it 'd go really ? 
  great news , i hope it goes ahead . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong on this , but would it be right to say that dublin is the strongest performer at present in terms of hoovering up jobs from the uk , particularly in the financial sector ? 
  i 've heard of basically nothing going to paris or frankfurt , let alone anywhere else . 
   abusive country 's like germany taking more than it gives .
