  because the unrealistic beauty standards lead to anorexia ? 
  do you really not understand why this ban has been introduced ? 
  why were there no shy le pen voters in the first round , then ? 
  why did n't undecideds flock towards her two weeks ago ? 
  please do not talk as if you are an expert on ireland 's attitudes to anything . 
  voting against lisbon was not an attempt on our part to showcase an anti-eu stance and public opinion towards the eu declining during the financial crisis did not begin until the eu bailed us out , at which point the ecb and imf became the target for the nation 's hatred of the austerity we had to endure . 
  if there was another crisis tomorrow we would still be heavily pro-eu until a bailout came into the picture . 
  when did i say that ireland had anyone 's best interests at heart ? 
  nigel farage is an elected politician in the uk . 
  there 's absolutely nothing to be unsure about with supporting marine either , though . 
  you either think the foreigners are ruining your country or you do n't . 
  germany are n't asking us to do them a favour for no advantage of our own because `` friendship '' . 
  this is a really gross headline to read . 
  i know he has very little respect in the u.k. so no offence to anyone as i realise this is n't a common attitude in britain ( and thank god for that ) but jesus , the gall a british person has to have to tell the irish that we should put britain before a group of countries that have only ever been kind to us is ... astounding . 
  the u.k. will never come first for ireland again , i think . 
  totally fine country that we 're happy to have cordial relations with , sure , but there 's no way that ireland ever sacrifices its own self-interest for the sake of the u.k. again . 
  this situation in particular it 's ludicrous to ask for that . 
  we 're still gon na be in the eu after brexit is done . 
  why would we screw over a bloc that we 're a part of for the sake of another country ? 
  edit : some grammar . 
  yes . 
  the original lisbon referendum was a catastrophe that made the brexit referendum look competent . 
  the amount of leaflets my family received about forced conscription and the eu secretly implanting tracking chips in our children was obscene . 
  people either did n't know anything about the treaty or they parroted the conspiracies they 'd heard - of course they voted no , and of course the result was nonsense . 
  i understand being uncomfortable with `` ok but how about this time ? '', 
  in theory but our legitimate concerns were addressed and we voted yes with much more information available to us than when we voted no . 
  it was fair and i do n't think anyone in ireland remains unhappy with the situation . 
  nothing . 
  but a country doing that at the expense of another ca n't turn around and tell that other country that they 're friends and that they 're the ones with our best interests at heart , really . 
  i agree that waiting and seeing is better than getting upset at the first mention of the issue being addressed , but i understand people jumping to conclusions when people like macron tend to speak very plainly about it . 
  `` i 'm going to assault low tax regimes '' does n't really read as `` we 're gon na figure out how to make a couple eu economies work with healthier tax policies for the union as a whole '' . 
  i can see why people feel like the eu just wants to throw its tax haven members to the wolves when the discussion on the topic is generally so simplistic . 
  what 's the last british entry that you liked ? 
   i would find it sad if it is the ` effective ' corporate tax rate/tax haven that the irish see as their hill to die on . 
  to be honest , as much as i agree ( how sad to feel that your economy ca n't survive without insane tax practices ) , i ca n't really imagine any realistic eu policy that would be more impactful to ireland than forcing a change in tax policy . 
  for small countries tax policy can be properly integral to their economy to the point where a significant change in them is highly impactful . 
  i ca n't really think of a single policy the eu could push that would be more impactful to a member 's economy than pushing a particular tax system . 
  on paper i agree with the consensus of non-irish members on this topic . 
  it is n't right for millions of euros of profit from the continent to be effectively stolen by one country ( and then given away to the companies who generated the income ! ), 
  for its own benefit . 
  changing it so that countries actually get the tax they 're supposed to would make things more just . 
  however , because the eu has at least one country which has based a major part of its economic model on this unfair system , we do need to talk about more than just what is fair and right . 
  we need to talk about practicalities . 
  whenever i see the issue of corporation tax come up it 's always very black and white . 
  macron wants to tackle ireland 's setup , irish politicians want to give their lives to defend it . 
  ok , we know what the stance of both sides is . 
  how about more nuance ? 
  i 'd like to see some discussion on what harmonised tax policies mean for the entirety of the eu and how we can terminate the tax havens without killing their economies . 
  the eu does n't need ireland to collapse again , and luxembourg and malta going down would n't be ideal either . 
  does the eu genuinely believe that europe 's tax havens can thrive without those policies ? 
  if not , what support is it prepared to offer to make up for the loss of them ? 
  it 's important to know what everyone 's stance is on stuff like this but nobody is talking about this in more than absolutes . 
  so a time period that says nothing about current enjoyment of the contest ? 
  when ? 
  but people clearly do n't want out if they choose to watch the show ? 
  russia did n't suffer from invading crimea so if you do badly this year then i 'm gon na say it 's entirely on the song . 
  are the ratings in austria very bad ? 
  as much as this has more to do with the us struggling than it has with the ez doing extremely well , it 's still pretty good news . 
  if only we could get a couple of countries out of trouble this would be a really good time across the board . 
  anyone else find it curious that luxembourg 's population is expected to double by 2100 ? 
  that 's way out of line with every other country i 've looked at ( even ireland is only +40 % or so ) . 
  malta is n't expected to get the same kind of growth at all . 
  to me brain drain is n't objectively a bad thing . 
  it 's bad for the countries , yes . 
  it 's good for the people , though . 
  remove free movement and eastern europe is still in a bad state except it 's harder for people to leave . 
  i think one of the best things the eu has done is make it easier for people to escape poverty . 
  will more people staying improve the east quicker ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  i do n't think the eu should feel bad for making it easier for people to make their choice , though . 
  at the end of the day the eu is n't forcing people to come to the west , it 's giving them the choice . 
  it 's the bulgarians who are leaving bulgaria to rot . 
  something really ought to be done about that . 
  property as a financial gamble is stupidly damaging to people who want to enter the housing market to ... actually have a house to live in , and economically it 's caused disaster too . 
  rich people sitting on houses they do n't use is a catastrophe for everyone else and largely pointless for them . 
  harsh but justified . 
   how could we possibly negotiate something even worthwhile for ourselves if we ca n't pull out aces you are free to pull out all the aces that you like . 
  just do n't expect people to like you if your idea of an ace is `` give us stuff or we 'll willfully let your people die when given the opportunity '' . 
  this article is very interesting but i find it hard to believe that the uk is really some crumbling mess from within . 
  anyone with a different perspective to offer ? 
  i think he 's just talking about the current growth period . 
  the trend you 're pointing out is relevant though !, 
  i wonder why that 's the case . 
  good job !, 
  portugal has been doing pretty well lately , i hope you can keep it up . 
  in that case then i would n't mock the toilet scrubbers . 
  seems like it 'll be you scrubbing polish toilets , soon . 
  where are your funding problems coming from , then ? 
  you 're not better than him just because your country is richer than his . 
   my dear toilet scrubing friend . 
  this is a really horrible thing to say . 
   that we have fewer mep seats per head than malta ? 
  i 'm pretty confident that every other member has less mep seats per head than malta . 
  saying the uk got special treatment in the eu is not the same thing as saying they were put above everybody else in every single area ever . 
  the fact that you do n't see it as special treatment unless you have a better deal than every other member in every single aspect of the eu says so much about your mindset . 
   britain is still borrowing money and has funding problems of its own . 
  i thought britain was stronk and everyone in the eurozone was jealous of your amazing economic prowess and sensible government spending ? 
  i feel like these details are a little bit vague to be truly useful . 
  if 49 % of the uk 's trade is with the eu and 51 % of scotland 's trade is with the uk then the situations are basically idential . 
  30/70 split and it 's the overwhelming `` scotland needs the uk way more '' situation you 're attempting to imply .
