  who would be more opposed to indians being replaced in india than danes being replaced in denmark ? 
  i too enjoy generalising my personal experiences to entire countries . 
  congrats , you 're doing exactly what you 're accusing other people of doing . 
  hypocrisy achieved . 
  the uk is still in the eu , so they 've shown no such thing . 
  i do n't think he is pathetic at all . 
  damn , that 's hardcore . 
   polling is subject to all sorts of sources or error and in only ever intended to be a sampling of a societies views whereas a referendum is literally asking everyone what their view is but not everybody does give their view in a referendum . 
  there was a study cited in this very thread that showed that germans who were in favour of gay marriage did n't massively care about it , while it was a major issue for germans who were against it . 
  in a gay marriage referendum in germany , that 'd tip turnout heavily towards those voting against it . 
  i see no obvious reasons against that study generalising to people in ireland , so i 'm somewhat confident in proposing that in the irish marriage equality referendum , turnout for people against gay marriage was higher than it was for those in favour of it , therefore making it an inaccurate representation of how the public actually felt about gay marriage . 
   also asking the question : should same sex marriage be legal ? 
  is very different from asking : should lgb people have the same rights as heterosexual people ? 
  because many people do n't immediately equate the two . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to get across with this , because to me this just reads as a reason why the numbers in this poll could be different to those in the marriage referendum beyond simply `` the poll is inaccurate '' . 
  in terms of measuring attitude to marriage equality i guess it might be inaccurate ? 
  but that 's not what the poll is trying to measure . 
   youngsters might start thinking of themselves as gay , while they might have not been . 
  this is not even close to being a thing , what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  you think people will see gays on tv and then convince themselves that they 're attracted to the same gender ? 
  you know nothing about sexuality . 
  i would love to know what you think about acceptance of lgbt people in ireland , because from where i 'm standing it looks pretty good . 
  what the hell does gay pride even have to do with the question asked here ? 
  do you think lgbt + people should n't have the rights of hetero people because you think their parades are distasteful , or what ? 
  once something becomes the status quo , people tend to be much more accepting of it . 
  i imagine there are a lot of people in ireland who were against gay marriage before the referendum simply because it not being allowed reinforced the idea that it should n't be allowed , and now that it 's legal they now feel `` i guess it 's probably fine '' . 
  in addition , you ca n't really compare the results of a referendum to something like this poll anyway . 
  i imagine a lot of people who took part in this survey and said they support gay marriage did n't vote , while a bigger portion who are against gay marriage did vote . 
  being influential is n't just about having a strong economy , unfortunately . 
  spain and italy just never really seemed as invested in being heard as germany and france have , and between this general happiness to be irrelevant and the downturn in southern european economies ( i know spain is recovering nicely , but it 's shaky ) , it 's kind of at the point where even if those countries decided that they wanted to be heard , not that many people would be willing to listen . 
  it 's a real pity too because the south could really use with some big voices in the eu and at present they really do n't have even a single one . 
  eurosceptics in those countries will tell you that they 're completely at the mercy of france and germany but there 's no reason that should ever have became the case . 
  from what i gather this is usually less because of a lack of children/excess in demand for them , and more because the adoption process is monstrously slow and incredibly picky . 
  if there was a lack of children then i do n't think things like orphanages would actually exist , but they 're necessary because it takes so long for adoption agencies to decide if they want to approve of a particular adoption . 
  happy to be proven wrong on this of course , but i do n't personally believe that there 's a lack of children . 
  i would n't even say that nationalists or old people typically have an excellent grasp of the language to be honest ; from what i can tell irish is restricted almost entirely to small pockets of irish-speaking areas that were isolated enough not to really pick up english , and then irish-born linguists who 've decided that they find the language interesting for one reason or another . 
  old people do n't actually tend to be great at irish , as even within the last couple of generations , english has been overwhelmingly dominant , and the push to keep the language alive ( much like that in wales ) has been in slightly more recent times . 
  the result of that is that every reasonably young person in ireland has a * very * basic grasp of the language ( 13 + years of education in it will do that for you ) , but you 're realistically not going to be fluent unless you 're from a very specific area or you just have a passion for the language , in the same way that you could become fluent in any language you love . 
  i do n't really see the harm in this . 
  just seems like unionists not wanting to give republicans anything to me . 
  i mean irish is an official language in the republic and that does n't make even the slightest impact on daily lives there so ... edit : i feel like i should clarify that i 'm also not at all invested in irish becoming an official language in northern ireland , but i just do n't see any real reason to prevent it happening when there 's clearly a large section of the population that would enjoy it . 
  as much as i 'm sure a lot of people would like to pretend , northern ireland 's heritage does not lie entirely with britain . 
  it seems cruel to attempt to force that narrative . 
  that really does n't have a particularly heavy meaning attached to it . 
   the only thing to be further researched is what are the exceptions to this , if any ? 
  this is why i used the word `` always '' . 
  that word means `` without exception '' . 
  if i 'm lobbying for female same-sex couples to gain adoption rights then you 're correct that i need to prove that they 're exceptional . 
  but my only stance here is that we can not conclude that they are not exceptional , and i only need a lack of evidence on your end for that . 
  i think we can both agree that further research is needed to prove that lacking a father figure is always a bad thing , and inferring that that 's the case from the research you 've cited is premature . 
  particularly given that yes , social science is a * dire * field of research in terms of trustworthiness . 
  you 're aware that everyone can see that i 've not said anything to that effect , right ? 
  you 're making yourself look like an idiot so that you can criticise someone who has not actually said that they 're in favour of same-sex adoption . 
   except we can : because it is the importance of a father figure which is missing from a lesbian relationship ( unless there 's a live-in uncle/grandfather/male room mate ) . 
  but this is lazy science . 
  you can not simply conclude that because a father figure being missing is generally bad , it is bad in a particular situation . 
  you also need to evaluate the impact of the second female in the relationship . 
   it sort of does : it shows the lack of a father/father figure results in negative outcomes for children . 
  it shows that this is the general result , not that it always is . 
   unless you want to argue that lesbian relationships are exempt from this , which you 'd need to provide evidence to show . 
  in order to conclude that female gay couples are good for children , i would need evidence . 
  in order to conclude that we can not say that they are definitively bad for children , i do not . 
  that study suggests that they might be unsuitable , but nothing else . 
  there is nothing in my post that expresses negative feelings towards traditional family units . 
  shockingly , when it comes to lgbt + rights , it 's * not * either lgbt + people get rights * or * straight people get rights . 
  we can do both . 
  do you have any thoughts on it yourself ? 
  polls are great but sometimes it 's nice to get an individual 's opinion  what do you think could be done to improve the situation , for example ? 
  the first study contains this quote :  we did not identify any studies that used causal methods to study the effects of same-sex unions . 
  you can not simply conclude that the absence of a father in the child of a same-sex couple will affect that child the same way that it would affect a child with say , a single mother . 
  at the very least the research that you have cited does not present any argument against female gay couples adopting children . 
  regarding the second study , it 's comparatively too scientific for me to make a conclusion on its usefulness without spending time that i do n't have analysing it , but from a first glance it seems far too limited in scope for one to conclude that children will always be better off with a mother than without one . 
  what is to blame for the economic downturn in russia if not sanctions ? 
  it ca n't just be falling oil prices , right ? 
  genuine question , i do n't know what variables are hurting your economy right now beyond the obvious ones . 
  if it gets bad enough the civilians may eventually manage to do something that helps their situation , and grim as it is to say , a weakening russia is pretty great for their neighbours . 
  you are the envy of us all !, 
  thinking you made the wrong choice , sure , but there 's no reason to regret voting remain even if you change your mind on your status within the eu , because your vote had no impact . 
  that was the point of my original post : you can regret voting `` leave '' because the consequences of doing so were bad . 
  voting `` remain '' had no consequences , so there 's just no motivation whatsoever for feelings of regret . 
  now you know the frustration of being in the uk for the brexit debate and aftermath . 
  watching people gamble so much with so little information is excruciating and i could totally sympathise with you tearing your hair out right now . 
  the point of the article seems to be more pointing out that the eurozone is doing ok rather than attempting to paint it as outstripping the us by a significant margin . 
  what i gather from your quotes is `` the eurozone was never that far behind the us in growth , and is now even doing slightly better !, 
  '' , which does n't attempt to paint a picture of a europe that 's leaving the americans in the dust , but simply a europe that is n't struggling to keep pace quite as much as is commonly thought . 
  from my reading the paper does n't really argue that beating the us by 0.1 % is a huge advantage over the us , and as a result saying that 0.5 % is n't a huge deal is n't contradictory . 
  we 're matching pace with the us and we did n't fall * that * far behind when we were n't , that 's all . 
  the overall tone of the article is n't tremendously positive , and i think it gives adequate weight to the issues the eurozone economy has to overcome in the near future ( italy in particular ) , so i think it would be wrong to accuse it of being an `` eu  usa !!! '', 
  piece . 
  it 's just saying that things may not be as dire comparatively as we thought . 
  imo northern ireland is most likely to go completely independent than join the republic , and that scenario is n't close to probable either . 
   instead , people regret voting remain . 
  what motivation is there to regret doing something with no negative consequences ? 
  you are ridiculous lol . 
  when did anyone condone it , exactly ? 
  that 's an insulting claim . 
   she lost because she was a shit candidate that expected the race to be handed to her . 
  why do you think the election came down to as little as that ? 
  you know that things like this have many aspects to them . 
   if you watched cnn or msnbc during the campaign , it was essentially a quick mention of her email scandal with no details before spending 5x as much time talking about how trump is the devil .
