so why bother saying it ? 
  oh i know that already . 
  i 'm just pretty confident that deep down , you 'd rather be part of the us than independent , too . 
  i 'm laughing because * of course * a british person arguing that europe is failing worships the us . 
  god i sometimes wonder if you guys would n't just be happier asking if you could be a state . 
  to be fair , `` belgium '' is a pretty fun word to say . 
  lol . 
  it does n't matter if they are wrong , they call it that . 
  you are lying to people in order to give your pov more credibility . 
  ask any irish person on the street and they will say that there was a famine in ireland in the 1840s . 
  that is a fact . 
  you do not strengthen your argument by lying to outsiders about how irish people perceive what happened . 
   there was no shortage of food in ireland so it ca n't be called a famine . 
  only british cunts do that . 
  99.9999 % of irish people call the famine ... a famine . 
  do you even live in ireland ? 
   ignoring your rational fear of isis emboldens them to carry out greater attacks without concern over reprisal , because people are cowed and not demanding it from politicians . 
  have you considered that in your in-depth analysis ? 
  disagree . 
  i do n't believe that panic in the population is necessary for its governments to intervene against terrorist organisations . 
  we are extremely happy to intervene in the middle east in particular . 
   yes , which is why i do n't waste time saying dumb things like ` their goal is to create fear ' , which is so broad as to be meaningless . 
  as long as you acknowledge that they wish to create fear , pretending that fearing them does not play into their hands is actively unhelpful . 
   of course they do . 
  it serves their larger goals . 
  no it does n't ? 
  the amount of people who die in almost every terror attack is smaller than the amount of net population change in the day that terror attack is carried out . 
  removing a few hundred people from europe is completely irrelevant , lol . 
  terrorist attacks only serve the goals of groups like isis indirectly . 
  the immediate impact ( dead people ) means nothing to them . 
   what 's wrong with having a normal reaction to a situation like this ? 
  the fact that the enemy wants you to have that reaction , perhaps ? 
  why are you so content to give isis what they need ? 
   telling people to do the opposite of what comes naturally to them without any good reason for it does n't make sense to me . 
  the good reason is obvious . 
   but it is pretty disturbing lol . 
  edit : forgot most important part somehow . 
   in what way ? 
  ask yourself what creating fear hopes to achieve , then realise that not letting that fear manifest stops those things being achieved . 
  you have n't thought about terrorist groups in enough depth if you think that what i 'm talking about is a platitude . 
  it is anything but : not giving in to fear in response to terrorism is * imperative * . 
  it is easily the best way to shut it down outside of simply utterly eradicating the group that engages in it , and even then it 's arguably superior to that because particularly in the middle east , killing one group has proven to simply be a way of delaying the threat . 
   their goal is not fear this is literally the point of terrorism . 
  if isis did not wish to create fear and use it to their advantage then they would not carry out attacks on us . 
  they have no other use . 
   their goal is to convert the world to their way of thinking . 
  i do n't get how so many people can think this and at the same time believe that terrorist groups choose to kill random westerners with no particular goal in mind . 
  of course the overarching goal of a group like isis is to achieve a particular change in the world ( establishing a caliphate and destroying those who would oppose it ) . 
  that is their entire reason for existence . 
  the reason that they are a * terrorist * group is because they believe that terrorism will help them achieve that , and that is why when talking about them as a * terrorist * group , discussing the reason why they engage in terrorism is essential . 
  they are a terrorist group because they want to achieve something , and terrorism is a means towards that end . 
  why ? 
  because creating fear is useful for them . 
  do you have no idea at all why that may be ? 
   they still get to kill the infidels and make your life hell even if you pretend it does n't bother you . 
  they do not care about killing irrelevant numbers of infidels and they do not care about making our lives hell . 
  those are nice things to talk about happening for them in the way that someone you dislike falling over is amusing , but they are completely irrelevant to the overarching goal of the organisation . 
  do you truly believe that when isis carry out a terror attack , they are satisfied as long as they successfully kill 0.0001 % of our population ? 
  that killing that tiny number of people is what the people in charge are hoping for and nothing else matters to them ? 
  if so , why do you think they are so aimless ? 
   but fear is a perfectly rational response to the situation you think everything that 's rational is always wise to do ? 
  that just because something is a `` normal '' reaction means that it can never be inappropriate ? 
  apparently spain 's unemployment figure is constantly inflated because a lot of jobs are n't reported as job , or something . 
  back before the crisis when spain was booming , the figure was still barely below 10 % . 
  18 % is bad , but not as bad as it looks on first glance . 
  spain should always be on the higher end of unemployment numbers in europe . 
  you do n't need to be a terrorist to know what words mean , and you do n't need something to be a victory to cheer at it . 
  if you seriously think the end goal of terrorist attacks is literally just picking off inconsequential amounts of people occasionally then you know absolutely nothing about it . 
  that 's probably the biggest insult i 've ever heard thrown at terrorist groups , lol . 
  the definition of terrorism is to affect a change by creating fear in a population . 
  if there is no fear they lose , it 's as simple as that . 
  the eu is designed to bring prosperity and peace to the continent of europe . 
  naturally the eu wants serbia to be a member state , because the eu wants to help serbia and have serbia be a useful contributor to the rest of the continent . 
  obviously serbia has to prove that it deserves to be an eu member , but we should actively wish for it to do so and it 's a pity that it 's in serious danger of failing in that right now . 
  that said , i really do n't know how the eu can be expected to intervene here . 
  so you decide that paris does n't deserve the highest quality workforce it can possibly attract , alright . 
  good luck with that resulting in only a minor drop in wealth generation . 
  maybe he just wanted to give someone some help with communicating ? 
  in comparison to the cities that were mentioned ? 
  can anyone explain to me the reasoning behind the cities included in this graphic ? 
  i realise that all of the above cities are at least somewhat financially significant but i do n't understand how places like dublin and brussels , and to a lesser extent luxembourg , are more worthy of inclusion than cities like madrid and milan ? 
  am i underestimating the strength of the included cities or is there something making madrid and milan unviable for banks wishing to leave london ? 
  i mean , it depends if you think it 'd be useful to say `` you know someone is your mother if you came out of their vagina '' . 
  that saying is completely true , but so obvious as to be completely unnecessary . 
  that saying would actually be better than the one we are discussing , too , because it ca n't be misconstrued to mean anything that it does n't , whereas the one about criticism is probably found by a new white nationalist who thinks it means `` i 'm not allowed to be racist ; blacks are in charge '' every day . 
  the quote is awful because when it 's right it 's as useful as the saying i proposed and it 's so easily twisted to be wrong and spread harmful views at the same time . 
  it is just not even close to valuable . 
  i legitimately do n't know who said it . 
  i just think it 's not a very useful quote . 
  if you feel you ca n't criticise someone then you probably already know that they 're in charge of you ( you do n't need to realise you ca n't criticise your manager to know they 're your manager ) or your idea of `` criticising '' is either doing that when it 's socially inappropriate or straight out insulting . 
  i can hardly think of a situation where the quote actually works aside from when it 's stating the obvious . 
  for what it 's worth , if there are thousands of popularly referenced quotes as flawed as this then there are thousands of bad popularly referenced quotes . 
  are we really going to argue a slippery slope here ? 
  the geneva convention has been in place for years and we have not seen soldier rights suffer systematic attacks . 
  letting soldiers do whatever they want because `` but where will it end '' is total bullshit , war does n't excuse everything . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  it has way too many caveats and is easily twisted to be used in situations where it should n't be . 
  what are you talking about lol . 
  all i said was that i did n't know that malta was a tax haven , i was n't even expecting a response . 
  huh , that 's the first time i heard about malta bring a tax haven .
