  accession is obviously off the table . 
  well i 'm sure you 've heard all about how fucked sweden is from the americans . 
  there 's quite a bit to dislike wikileaks for . 
  that 's all really great to hear , i hope you guys can guarantee a bright future for your language  it 's such a shame when countries lose their native tongues , so if you guys like the language then you should definitely do all you can to help it !, 
  this is interesting to me . 
  the article seems to suggest that speaking luxembourgish has become more prominent in recent years in luxembourg and that the language is increasingly important in the country . 
  is that the case ? 
  have you guys been making an effort to elevate the language ? 
  i 'm interested because in ireland the government has been trying to do that with irish for a * long * time but the public has absolutely no interest in abandoning english . 
  this map is a pretty big indicator of the problems with southern europe . 
  there is no reason the uk and germany should be all blue while italy is all varying shades of orange and red . 
  spain is lucky to be slightly better . 
  as a matter of interest , do you know what the main issues that french people have with the eu are ? 
  is it vague `` ugh eu bureaucracy/muh sovereignty '' or do people have a more concrete understanding of the problems that the eu has ? 
  edit : to clarify , i ask because i 'm living in the uk and the population who voted to leave in the uk were not even the slighest bit informed on issues with the eu , and many of the problems they had with the eu were not actually real . 
  just because refugees leave their country as a result of war does n't mean they 're going to go back when the war is over . 
  if you leave your country for a war that goes on for a few years and manage to build a life in your new country during that then you 're not going to go back . 
  you 'll only go back if you fail to integrate . 
  i really do n't know why you have so many upvotes . 
  who gave you the idea that refugees always go back home ? 
  ca n't be more expensive than running a car , surely . 
  it does n't dehumanise hitler to call him evil but defining him as evil and nothing else makes it seem like he just came into the world immediately wanting to do atrocious things . 
  it allows us to feel comfortable in the thought that someone like that could never happen again , and that nobody could ever believe the things he did , even though that 's clearly not true . 
  the story of nazi germany is usually taught as if it 's a superhero movie in schools and it makes it far too easy not to learn the important lessons that period in time wants to teach us . 
  most people will tell you that someone like hitler could never rise to power in a western country again and that people would obviously recognise him as evil , but that 's an awfully presumptuous thing to believe . 
  nazi germany should be used as a cautionary tale about the depths of evil that people can and * do * sink to in their beliefs , the fact that those people * can * get into positions of power , and that it 's a lot easier for a population to suddenly start believing evil ideas than people think . 
  because hitler is so quickly swept under the rug as just one crazy person , these lessons are n't taught , and it leaves people super ignorant . 
  yes , and we think that we 're in the right . 
  why is the best use of your time going on a european sub and trying to make people facepalm at how dumb americans can be ? 
  we know that americans are n't this stupid . 
  even if ukraine was worse than russia , is being better than one country all that matters to you ? 
  stop thinking that not being a shitty country is a competition and everything 's ok as long as you beat the country you hate . 
  what have people from glasgow got to do with the english ? 
  we really need to take better care of men . 
  i do n't know if we can ever get 1:1 ratios across the board here but there 's just no excuse to let this difference continue . 
  we need to stop shaming men for not being indestructible statues and more than that , we need to make it ok to ask for help . 
  too many women feel that they ca n't do that , and that says something given just how much worse the situation is for men . 
  to any man having a hard time right now who happens to read this post : please remember that needing help does n't make you weak , and there are tons of people out there who will not judge you for asking for it . 
  the idea that you 're not allowed to struggle is bullshit . 
  curious to see how this looks in ten years . 
  ca n't see any way that italy , germany and austria wo n't be blue . 
  hopefully there 'll be quite a bit more green towards the east . 
  i never said i can do anything to stop people feeling in ways i would rather they did n't . 
  all i can do is point out the flaw in logic when i come upon people who act that way . 
  as long as you do n't feel one or the other , i understand . 
  pride and guilt are a package . 
  i do n't think a german being uncomfortable with people showing excessive pride in their country is at all strange enough to be considered showing off . 
  sometimes national pride goes far enough to be scary and germans know that better than most . 
  you still ca n't have one without the other . 
  it 's both or none . 
  or it 's just different people with different opinions ? 
  i think british people should be conscious of the things their country has done , as should the people of every country . 
  if you feel pride at the achievements of others then you should also feel shame . 
  realising that your country has advantages does n't mean not recognising your flaws : all i said was that ireland has characteristics that make it unlikely that we 'll ever see unemployment go `` too low '' . 
  i do n't understand how you can assert that ireland has nothing going for it economically beyond its tax system while listing speaking english as a notable advantage for iceland , either . 
  we have much of the strengths that iceland boasts . 
  i do n't think the sub is anti-turkey , just anti-erdogan 's turkey . 
  they do n't want turkey to succeed right now because that means erdogan succeeding . 
  none of those things makes it a bad tourist destination , though . 
  for a tourist greece is basically no different to how it was in 2004 . 
  not actively wishing for a war means you have no spine ? 
  like i said , i agree that there 's a lot of support for reunification . 
  i just think it 's wrong to talk about it as if it 's the people in the south desperately wanting to save the people in the north from their terrible lives . 
  it 'd be wrong to try and paint ourselves as saviours for an oppressed people , both to other europeans and especially to those in the north themselves if they ever question which country they 'd like to be a part of . 
  most of us think a united ireland is a good idea just because we want back what was once ours . 
  there is sympathy for nationalists , but not because we think the uk treats them badly and that we 'd be better - just because we know they 're not happy belonging to a country they do n't identify with . 
  eh , have you got data for that ? 
  i 'm sure support for a united ireland is decent ( i would probably say i was in favour of it ) , but i do n't think that signifies a population in the republic with a particular amount of emotional engagement with the north and i certainly do not think that the primary motivation for a united ireland in the south is a desire to free the north from an uncaring uk . 
   the bible thumpers that you find in the south ? 
   the only obstacle is persuading the unionists that it 's the people of ireland who have their best interests at heart , not the far way government in london i think it 's important to note that for the most part this is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  the people of the republic do n't have any bad intentions for those in the north , but i think it would be wrong to say that we 're particularly invested in how good things are for them , too . 
  for the most part we just do n't care either way . 
  to the young people of the republic , the north * is * a different country of different people , and there 's not a lot of empathy there . 
  uniting ireland should n't be romanticised as northern ireland escaping from the evil uk to the kind-hearted roi . 
  it 's a lot more neutral than that . 
  that 's not necessarily true , is it ? 
  if spain for example grew heavily due to strong domestic demand , i ca n't see how that 'd disadvantage other countries within the eu . 
  is there any reason not to , though ? 
  i was curious as to why you seemed quite against the idea of making life easier for sperm donors . 
  no , you did n't . 
  that 's why i asked the question . 
  are you against having them ? 
  you think today 's women have nothing to do with the women who fought for them to have rights ? 
   i had nothing to do with anything in the past you 're correct . 
  that 's why the day has nothing to do with you . 
   hence your half assed attempt at an insult . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   celebrating women most definitely implies an apologetic side if you want to imply an apologetic side to every celebration then alright , you can do that . 
   hence your `` bad things that happened to them '' bit . 
  if there was no apologetic tone to be involved you 'd never have mentioned it . 
  acknowledging that bad things happened to people does not necessitate feeling guilt about it , at least for people who were not directly involved in it ( like me ) . 
  i can acknowledge that men in past generations oppressed women without feeling that i have wronged women myself , and if you are of the opinion that you should n't acknowledge bad things happening to people lest it come across as an admission of guilt then i worry a tad about how you feel about a variety of things : /, 
  things may change , but current projections do put both the uk and france overtaking germany in the coming decades . 
  do you know what atonement is ? 
  it 's apologising for or making reparations for a bad thing you did . 
  celebrating women and respecting the struggles they 've had to reach equality is none of those things . 
  i acknowledge the struggles that women had to go through to gain equality and i celebrate their success in finding their place in the world . 
  that is not atonement , as it does not involve apologising for anything or feeling bad for anything , or making any sacrifices on my part . 
  being beaten would be an example of atonement , because it would be accepting punishment for the sins that your ancestors committed . 
  taking part in fun activities designed to celebrate girls is not atonement .
