  what keeps companies in places like cyprus , though ? 
  non-anglophone ( ish ) , unspectacular workforce , completely disconnected from the rest of the eu ... 
  well , the eu is absolutely free to kick out a bunch of members , sure . 
  it 'd definitely be interesting to see where the `` comply or get out '' mantra would reach its end . 
  worrying about the impact of immigration on sweden and being pessimistic about their/europe 's future - ok . 
  the amount of joy people are getting at a country literally suffering because it decided to be * nice * is gross , though . 
  sweden trying to help people might not have been their smartest decision but it was a commendable one and i am sorry that it seems unlikely to work out for them . 
  it is a shame that so many people want to see a country punished for showing altruism . 
   i mean , okay , there 's a sense in which no union is going to want negative headlines . 
  but broadly-speaking , i think that if the eu is going to have critical headlines , these are probably ones that it is most-capable of swallowing without risks to its integrity . 
  i quite strongly disagree . 
  perhaps it is because i have lived in first a tax haven and then the country that is in the process of leaving the eu , but i do not see the eu simply being able to absorb the negative press from something like this . 
  it would occur in too many countries , and i believe that the media would be able to stir up quite a bit of outrage even in countries that are not particularly affected , should they currently lean towards eurosceptisism . 
  the immigration crisis has been terrible for the image of the eu while not actually having much of any impact on the daily lives of the people who are angry about it . 
  tax regulations leading to fairly wide-spread economic fallout would actually impact a lot of people and give hard data for anti-eu parties to argue based on . 
  combine that with the fact that most tax havens are small and you 've got the perfect support for so many common anti-eu narratives in this issue that it 's an incredibly risky move to make . 
   with the exception of ireland , sweden , and jersey ( well , and england , but that point is moot ) , every entry there is really tightly geographically-connected to the eu . 
  i mean , sure , luxembourg could leave the eu , but it 'd be a monumental pain in the rear for luxembourg . 
  i would argue that it 's somewhat practical to leave the eu if you at least have a coastline , which gives the netherlands and denmark options , primarily denmark . 
  that said , even for those countries it 's clearly not ideal - they 're just not totally fucked like a landlocked country would be . 
   the whole point of being a tax haven in the eu means that it 's hard to credibly threaten leaving over losing the ability to be a tax haven in the eu ... because leaving produces the same `` ca n't be a tax haven in the eu '' effect . 
  a tax haven would need to credibly argue that if it could n't be a tax haven , it would be worse off in the eu than out . 
  yes , i realise that . 
  i would worry more about common tax policy triggering `` well if we ca n't be a tax haven then we do n't want in '' exits , or potentially causing brexit-style ragequits in non-haven countries that lean towards eurosceptisism . 
  in particular i worry about the nordic countries which i feel are increasingly inclined to look inwards rather than outwards lately , and are already likely to take issue with attempts at further economic integration in the near to mid-term future . 
   specifically with regard to ireland -- which i assume is where you 're coming at this from -- there 's a public that is very pro-eu . 
  for ireland to credibly say that leaving is a risk , the public would have to see a 30 % + shift in their opinions of the eu based upon tax policy changes being forced on ireland by the eu . 
  i do n't follow irish politics , but i doubt that that is gon na happen . 
  what i learned from living in ireland during the bailout and watching the reaction of other countries during their own bailouts is that public opinion on the eu is a lot more variable than you might think , and someone who says they favour the eu in a poll could easily swing to another direction if given adequate reason to . 
  ireland during the bailout had a loooooot of anti-eu rhetoric and that was despite them giving us tons of money at the time and austerity debatably being the right thing to do . 
  i have little doubt that the eu forcing the irish economy into deep recession would make ireland heavily anti-eu . 
  i mean , i love the eu and irish people definitely like it now , but i do n't know how that relationship survives `` hey guys we 're gon na force you into a terrible recession and take a loooooooot of jobs away from you so we can have more money thanks '' . 
  it is , as i said earlier , so easy to spin popular anti-eu narratives with that scenario , and a population that have just lost their jobs and their money are going to be susceptible to that . 
  now , whether or not ireland can leave the eu even if public opinion towards it turns toxic and it kills the irish economy is a question i do not know the answer to . 
  any alternatives to prolonged eu membership would absolutely be considered , but if there are any viable ones is another thing altogether ( probably not ? 
  all i can imagine is an unholy irish-british alliance ... ) . 
  it is important to note that from an eu perspective , ireland leaving in exchange for common tax policy is a worthwhile exchange from an economic point of view . 
  it 's a small country that wastes a lot of money . 
  the issue arises when we remember that ireland is only one of many tax havens located within the eu and that there is a lot of potential to piss off even non-tax havens if attempts to create common tax policy involve simply steamrolling over the countries that do n't desire it . 
  i know what the words he 's saying mean . 
  i just do n't get what point they are combining to make . 
  i realise that common tax policy is desirable for the eu and am simply talking of what i consider to be a significant wall to that tax policy happening . 
  telling me that a minister of eurozone finance is a concept that could exist does n't address that . 
  what exactly is talking about apple deals supposed to do here ? 
  the topic i 'm bringing up is how the eu is going to make shutting down deals like that a viable option for countries like ireland . 
  saying `` stop doing those deals '' is utterly pointless and makes it look like you did n't read my post . 
  i understand that , but i do n't think it matters . 
  the eu still ca n't afford headlines along the lines of `` france and germany force small countries to trigger economic collapse so they can get richer '' and `` unemployment doubles in x country because eu does n't want them to compete '' . 
  the union could not possibly do something worse for its image . 
  then there 's the possibility that creating a common tax policy would require a unanimous vote , at which point concessions are essential because there 's no other way to get it through - tax havens need a reason to clean up their act and `` big countries want you to '' wo n't be good enough reasoning . 
  well , you 're going to need to make concessions because otherwise you 're not gon na manage to push common tax policy through , and even if you do manage it , the eu ca n't afford the pr disaster that would be forcing several members into economic collapse . 
  you 're talking about this as if it 's an ideological thing but it 's not . 
  the eu needs to be pragmatic when dealing with this issue because `` eu collapses several small economies and hurts others so france and germany can get richer '' would be the single most damaging thing the bloc could ever do to itself . 
  it would give legitimacy to arguments that it 's just a union for big countries to benefit from and give an instant example of france/germany not caring about the wellbeing of other members while instantly removing several countries from the net contributor pool and probably creating a lot of social unrest in those countries . 
  do not forget that not every tax haven in the eu is malta , either . 
  the netherlands enjoy their tax deals too , and have an unignorable population . 
  i do n't understand what you are attempting to say . 
  not until there 's adequate discussion on dealing with the fallout of doing so . 
  tax havens need to be dealt with at some point but none of the tax havens in the eu ( and there are quite a few ) are going to accept that unless their economies are compensated for . 
  several members slipping into deep recessions because of eu rules would be a pr catastrophe for the union and potentially lead to at least one member leaving . 
  unfortunately the discussion i see on tax havens rarely touches on `` how do we make sorting this out acceptable to the havens ? 
  central and eastern europe have made a lot of progress . 
  it wo n't be that long until most of those regions are at current spanish values , i imagine . 
  on the other hand , most of the balkans and ukraine/moldova are horrifying . 
   for people who claim that the people serve the state , total gdp is more relevent . 
  i do n't agree with this , actually . 
  i think that when measuring the success of a country , gdp per capita is most relevant regardless of how you define a country 's success . 
  if people exist to serve their state then china extracting such little value from each individual chinese citizen in comparison to so many other countries is a hgue failure on their part . 
  russia as a country makes much more use of every russian individual than china does of its own people , and china wins in the total gdp comparison only because the sheer population that falls within its territory allows it to cover up its weakness . 
  if you want to talk about what the biggest and most powerful countries are then sure , total gdp is relevant , but that 's primarily because it correlates so tightly to population . 
  if talking about how well a country is doing then gdp per capita is much , much more relevant . 
  all that says is that russia is doing badly , and if china is doing worse than russia then they 're doing terribly . 
  total gdp is worthless in this discussion . 
  `` it 's ireland 's fault that irish has declined since independence '' is such a banal view of what 's presented in this graphic . 
  just because a country can make its own laws does n't mean it 's in 100 % control of what happens within . 
  irish could n't be pushed effectively post-independence because of the damage done pre-independence . 
  it was heavily promoted to the point that making it essential in certain areas of life would be the only way to push it harder , and that was n't feasible . 
  there was n't the irish-speaking population to support mandatory irish in life at independence and the situation has never changed for that to be the case . 
  mandatory irish was a bad idea anyway - british rule left us an impoverished nation , so we had no domestic economy to speak of at independence . 
  our survival depended on trading with the uk and any other country that wanted to deal with us , so speaking english was a necessary tool for us and irish was economically worthless . 
  irish people are among the most emigration-prone on the planet and english was always considered important by parents in the past for that reason - we needed an escape route from our fucked up country , and irish would n't give us that . 
  in modern times we 're significantly better off than we were immediately after independence but significantly increasing the importance of irish in our country would still be catastrophic for us . 
  one of our main niches is being an english-speaking country in europe , and post-brexit we become the english-speaking capital of the eu . 
  being an anglophone country is part of our economic identity and as depressing as it sounds , giving that up for the sake of national identity probably is n't worth it . 
  our economy is extremely reliant on foreign trade , and in addition benefits massively from immigration that mostly only happens because of the language we speak . 
  make irish mandatory and the inwards migration stops , as does a fair chunk of the foreign investment most likely . 
  tl ; dr irish has n't been saved by irish governments since independence because the country they inherited did n't have the tools necessary to easily save it , and the situation the country became independent in was such that saving the language would likely have been to its detriment . 
  90 years later and that has n't changed , nor is it ever likely to . 
  it was not the irish government 's fault that irish was economically worthless as a language and the country they governed had no room for sacrificing economic concerns for the sake of culture . 
  it was also not their fault that so few irish speakers were left after english rule that transitioning into an irish-speaking state would n't have worked regardless . 
  same . 
  i wish people would see the practical side of uniting more . 
  we need to figure out how to fix the west before we take on the north too . 
  not a lot . 
  if it was a particularly prominent pattern eu-wide then the uk would n't stick out so much for its low q1 growth in reports like this . 
  other countries seem more consistent for whatever reason . 
  if you found an agenda in a map that overall paints the uk pretty well then you are clearly predisposed to find one . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  appearing to be against marriage equality does not make someone an invalid candidate for praise when they do other good things . 
  there is more to angela merkel in this situation than voting against the bill , and there is more to her in general than her behaviour in this situation .
