  the guy this article is about calls the recent focus on germany harmful , fyi . 
  the spotlight is 100 % being thrust on the country . 
  americans really hate the nordic countries huh . 
  i am ... curious as to how this can be the case . 
  so you think when he said he was taking the result into consideration , he really meant `` i will go with whatever the result is '' ? 
  just because he did n't end up going with the result does n't mean he did n't take it into consideration ? 
  you are clearly a minority in this . 
  please do not overstate your impact on the businesses you interact with so heavily . 
  that explains voting in trump . 
  it does n't explain approving of him . 
  i hear a lot of people saying that trump voters chose him to be a shock to the system , but very few actual trump supporters saying that that 's their reason for voting for him . 
  it is usual for leaders to step down after a lost election if they are pressured to do so , but corbyn does n't really like to do the usual thing , so i would n't put bets on him resigning should labour lose , even if it 's a very big loss . 
   they 're talking about letting in countries from the mother fucking caucasus now . 
  source ? 
  well , one good criteria for things being atrocities is them having mal-intent behind them , or just being intentional full stop . 
  the eu falling into a banking crisis along with the entire world , does n't really fall into that . 
  and there was no famine , nor millions of deaths , and population decline was going to happen regardless of the recession so none of your attempts at creating an atrocity out of the recession mean anything . 
   i have no problem being wrong . 
  so you spout bullshit with no cares in the world for how accurate it is because dealing with that is on others ? 
  ok then . 
   to be honest , i find the suffering people went through during the last 9 years pretty fucking extreme as well . 
  most people do n't think having basic empathy is something to brag about . 
  i 'm not going to commend you on thinking it sucks when bad things happen to people . 
  go somewhere else if patting you on the back is what you post for . 
  umm , yeah i realise it was a big recession and everything but comparing the eu not being immune to it to the actual atrocities carried out by pretty much every empire that ever existed is incredibly disrespectful to the people and countries that were affected by it . 
  the fact that you have the gall to posit yourself as the one who 's in touch with how bad things can be while equating failing to prevent a banking crisis to subjugation of millions of people , robbing dozens of countries of their wealth and more is mindblowing . 
  you talk about failing to find balanced discussions on here and yet the second you get a chance to post your own opinion you jump straight to extreme dramatisation and false equivalence . 
  try to be more self-aware , please . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  not the banking crisis ? 
  you must have such a sad life lol . 
  do n't try to give a sainthood to native europeans . 
  passing off all of europe 's problems with `` it 's not us , it 's the brown people '' wo n't get anything done . 
  not caring is still problematic . 
  this it not surprising . 
  contact with a group you are prejudiced against is consistently shown to reduce your prejudice against that group . 
  very little prejudice comes as a result of direct interaction with a group - the vast majority comes from being told a group is bad . 
  yours sounds quite a bit cleverer and as a result , probably more likely to be true . 
  long term , probably , but the idea that ireland closing its tax loopholes is just all around good with no potential fallout to consider is what i have a problem with . 
  it 's not a no-brainer . 
  we created those loopholes for a reason and any tax haven the world over will laugh at people from other countries attempting to convince them that normalising their tax policies is just common sense . 
  i 'm super happy to have a conversation about irish tax policies and the concept of ireland normalising those policies for the sake of fair competition within the eu , but not if the discussion is just `` why do n't ireland do this thing that would be objectively great for them and everyone else ? 
  are they dumb ? '' . 
  there needs to be discussion on what the fallout of the change would be for ireland , if the fallout would be large enough to impact the eu ( things are looking decent across the ez right now but we really do n't need another collapse in the periphery ) , if ireland 's eu membership could survive `` the eu is forcing us to make our biggest employers move to germany ! '', 
  in the media and how much the eu cares about creating a case that can be easily used to argue that the eu pushes its smaller states around . 
  i 'm for ireland closing its loopholes as long as the economy can survive any resulting blows from that move , but i do n't get why there 's never any discussion on the practicalities of such a move at this point in time . 
  slightly less pressingly , there should probably also be discussion on non-irish countries because ireland is not the only country in the eu that needs its tax policies sorted out and imo that means we 're in need of pan-eu harmonisation here . 
  is there an appetite for that ? 
  questions like that need to be asked . 
  sounds like a homophobe that simultaneously hates putin and is insulting him/his supporters by comparing them to gay people . 
   because it would hurt the irish economy . 
  then people saying that collecting the money would be good for ireland should really stop saying that , should n't they ? 
  i mean , the tabloids are legitimately painting her as more extreme than i imagine she is comfortable being labelled as because their readers like to imagine her being like that . 
  she has every reason to pivot further and further to the right - she could go quite far and it would n't change how she 's portrayed even slightly in a lot of the uk 's media . 
  gosh , serbians never miss a chance to show russia how much they love it , do they ? 
  eh , not buying it . 
  ireland would still be highly competitive on tax rate within the eu but it would n't be as dominant as it is now . 
  there are quite a few corp tax rates within the eu that are comparable to ireland , and a variety of countries with systems that make their taxes lower than they appear at first glance ( e.g. 
  of course , ireland has quite a few corporations that are happy to operate in the country despite not receiving the same deal that apple has , so losing the deal is n't necessarily equal to apple immediately packing its bags , but the government do n't want to take that risk for obvious reasons . 
  ... so why do you think the government do n't want the money then ? 
  good thing that has nothing to do with darwin being brought up here ? 
  the parents were stupid , and they prevented themselves from having the chance of passing on their own stupidity . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's the point . 
  their attempt at passing on their genes failed . 
  i agree , but i 'm not really sure what that has to do with the post you 're replying to . 
  is stating a fact really using someone 's death ? 
  til that every european country thinks it has severe alcohol problems . 
  a general observation from that map is that most places with a binge drinking culture are quite low down versus places with a culture of drinking persistent small amounts . 
  ireland falls into the binge drinking group so i 'm not surprised that we 're not topping the list , but i am a tad surprised that we 're losing out pretty comfortably to other binge drinking countries ( e.g. 
  the uk ) . 
  maybe our reputation is n't deserved . 
  switzerland is comfortably the western european country for which i hear the most criticisms of its people so if you want a friendly atmosphere it 's not necessarily the place i 'd be most inclined to go , particularly if you very obviously belong to a minority ( basically if you 're not white ) . 
  of course , a country 's reputation does n't always translate to individual experience 1:1 , so i would n't dare to say `` you will only encounter mean people in switzerland '' , but it 's something to consider . 
  there are other beautiful places in europe where you can make a lot of money and most of them do n't have the reputation that switzerland does . 
  i 'm so confused by where the aggression came from in this comment chain lol . 
  i worry more and more that the uk will be hit by another attack every day . 
  it 's easily the country i most often hear about stopping planned attacks and while to some degree i 'm willing to put that down to the police force being on top of things ( i hope they 're being paid well !, 
  ) , it also just reads as the uk being a particular hotspot for terrorist activity and it 's miserable to see . 
  when will we see an end to this ? 
  i sure hope so !, 
  the irish would n't sing in irish , lol . 
  god , you 're almost getting me to feel bad for marine . 
  good job uk  that 's an amazing statistic . 
  that 's a beautiful picture . 
  of course there is . 
  are we calling promoting one 's music a flaw now ? 
  lol . 
  are you of the opinion that ` satellite ' was a fluke , out of interest ? 
  i do n't necessarily disagree . 
  germany could do with its entries feeling less manufactured and yeah , actually having the songs be of the artists ' creation would fix that . 
  i do n't mind the unsen star system for entry selection as a basic concept but it 's at the end of the day defined by how good the song choices are and i do n't get how the options presented to the public were quite as dire as they were this year . 
  no singer could have sold ` perfect life ' or ` wildfire ' - they were just worthless songs to enter to eurovision . 
  i feel bad for the german public constantly being forced to pick which shade of grey they 'd like to send to eurovision when other countries are given the choice to send something they 're actually passionate about . 
  i really hope something changes next year cos the whole concept of a national selection in germany is farcical at this stage . 
  there 's no point asking the public to choose which entry they 'd like to come last with , and there 's no incentive to watch when that 's the purpose of the show . 
  everybody calls it benelux . 
  that just does n't matter in eurovision because the ` lux ' part does n't take part . 
   the problem is that no profesional self-respecting musician would be willing to participate in this political shitshow . 
  plenty of professional recording artists take part in eurovision , though ?
