  is that what we call countries that make a lot of useful goods now ? 
  i have to admit , i downvoted you initially . 
  the gay rights point just triggered me . 
  i 've never really seen so many people trying to whitewash the good of the usa as i have in this thread . 
  i acknowledge the negatives of the us , and i think it 's a seriously questionable ally for the eu right now , but in a world where the president is n't trump it is our most desirable ally and the bad really does n't outweigh the good . 
  we in europe likely have a lot to owe the us , whether it hurts our pride or not . 
   china only gives a shit about it now they have all the manufacturing jobs they did n't give a shit before . 
  this is still miles ahead of how well the us has treated the issue . 
  china waiting until they were economically comfortable to deal with climate change is a lot better than the us being economically comfortable for decades and yet deciding they 'd rather not do anything about climate change because reasons . 
  you 're not going to make a country that has a poor past with regard to the environment look bad in comparison to a country that has a poor past , present , and future for the same topic . 
  stop trying . 
  and you 're just missing the point with everything else you bring up . 
  the eu aligning with china over the us is , right now , a question on the subject of which benefits the eu more . 
  we all know that china is morally questionable , though it would be wrong to suggest that the us is not . 
  that 's not directly relevant to the eu , however . 
  the us is currently a threat to the stablity of the eu , and china is not . 
  that alone makes china the favourable partner . 
  if the us wants to maintain a close partnership with the eu then it should probably stop supporting russia , congratulating countries on leaving the eu and encouraging others to do so . 
  i 've never seen someone on a high horse say that their country should feel ashamed of itself before . 
  yeah we have that in ireland , even up to provincial level . 
  never heard of signs being posted or an obituary board , however . 
  as if ni 's population is that large ? 
  damn . 
  i learned something new today , thanks for that . 
  what 's going on in portugal ? 
  i think we 'd be happier if we let that sentiment go ... 
  2 million ? 
  last i checked ireland 's population was not even close to 6 million . 
  i do n't get why you believe that the eu 's primary concern with negotiations should be how it affects the politics of the uk . 
  why would `` what will most piss off the tories ? '', 
  be the eu 's biggest issue in negotiations ? 
  feels pretty strange to have so much pride in a country doing as badly as yours . 
   nobody wants to see that , which is why the olympics will either have to change drastically in the near future or die for good . 
  even if the olympics was exclusively hosted in corrupt states with more money than they know what to do with , it would still take decades for the games to die , if it killed it at all . 
  most people care about the olympics primarily for its sport , not the ethics of its hosting . 
  if you 're not interested in what he learned from wikipedia then you can look at the other valuable information in his post , that being that he knows multiple things about switzerland that had already been mentioned in this page . 
  you learned from his post that he does not have any particularly uncommon knowledge about switzerland and may know what most people know about it . 
  so why complain ? 
  he gave you what you wanted to know and some bonus trivia to boot . 
  why would unionists attack britain when their entire identity is built around being british ? 
  it would be a million times more natural to attack the nationalists who likely won a referendum to leave the uk/rejoin the republic or just the republic full stop . 
  from what i remember they feel extremely committed to staying part of the uk . 
  like , the percentage who voted to stay in the eu was crazy , but the percentage who 'd vote to stay in the uk would be similar , from memory . 
  it is usually more accurate to replace `` english '' with `` british '' . 
  people failing to acknowledge scotland and wales is just pretty common . 
  i do n't think anyone is in denial about what the era of vikings were like . 
  their iconic trait is being battle-happy pillgers . 
  they 're remembered somewhat fondly because they symbolise the last remnants of `` uncivilised '' human life in europe and a bunch of other things that sound appealing at first glance ( `` hey remember when we all just beat the shit out of each other and had nothing else to worry about ? '' ) . 
  they 're the human equivalent of the dinosaurs to us in modern times . 
  nobody wants to go back to the time when they were a thing , but they still find the idea of them to be interesting/fun . 
   luxembourg today : $ 3,472,282,000,000 external debt ( 3443 % of gdp ) what 's going on there ? 
  has merkel ever actually had any reason to say anything visionary , though ? 
  wow . 
  if you tell people there 's gon na be two referenda and only the second one counts then there 's very obviously gon na be real problems with turnout in the first one . 
  who would take the results of the first one to mean anything at all ? 
  but he does know these things now . 
  he did n't know anything worth saying so he learned some things . 
  agreed . 
  greece even with a clean slate would have absolutely nothing going for it as a place for investment beyond said clean slate . 
  there 's nothing to give confidence in the country at all . 
  it 's not uncommon for people to apologise for things that a group they belong to has done . 
  on a small scale people will often apologise to others for things that their friends have done , and on a large scale there have been plenty of atrocities carried out by any number of countries that people of those countries will have apologised for . 
  i do n't think he was questioning that ... 
  he did n't say he was responsible for all russians , and even if he did , saying something incorrect does n't make someone pathetic . 
  the idea that a russian getting along with other europeans is pathetic is beyond dumb and is exactly the sort of thing that divides russia from the rest of the world . 
  i think i 'd call him bilingual even leaving aside any comparisons . 
  his accent is notable , sure , but he 's not actually struggling to translate either from french to english or from the other way around . 
  i had no idea his english was as good as this , but it 's hard to fault it to be honest . 
  there is value in having allies beyond their military prowess , shockingly . 
  you almost seem happy to see his vision come to be . 
  is the russian opposition leader supported by the west ? 
  in terms of sentiment from westerners , i get the impression that most people think `` putin is bad , but replacing him wo n't do anything '' . 
  i do n't know if governments are supporting the opposition though . 
  this gets to the point of questioning what violence is , does n't it ? 
  i imagine the user you 're responding to feels that forcibly pulling two people apart counts as violence . 
  some fights wo n't be broken up by less than that . 
  i 've taken the time to reply to engage you and i 've downvoted you because i do n't think your comments are constructive . 
  if you are worried about your internet points then put some effort in . 
  otherwise get over it and move on . 
  personally i do n't think throwing away hundreds of millions of lives is a good trade , but i guess i can see your point if you do n't mind that . 
  good to know . 
  nice of you to let the government completely off the hook for issues they were completely complicit in creating , i guess ? 
  has n't ireland been a tax haven for years and years now ? 
  i 've never heard of our corporation tax not being bullshit at any point . 
  are you really saying there 's no difference between how the last few years have gone for spain and greece ? 
  every country that is n't greece should be thanking their lucky stars , even if their situations were n't great either . 
  because ireland 's economic crisis was the eu 's creation ? 
  maybe because it 's ` p\u00e9d\u00e9 ' without the accents ? 
   everything is better than us degeneracy , including war get a grip . 
  you can be anti-us hegemony without stating that you 'd rather have war across the globe instead of it . 
  the us is the one being actively unhelpful to the stability of europe right now . 
  if iran is so useless then why would people visit at all ? 
  there 's clearly value in positive relations with the country . 
  every country in the world does it . 
  i doubt finland is any less inclined to deal with iran than sweden . 
  but no western country has a culture of not wearing hijabs/niqabs . 
  the only mandatory clothing convention in the west is not being naked , and immigrants respect that . 
   can you point an instance where not defaulting has not made life of people harder ? 
  obviously ? 
  i think if you asked most people if any country like india or korea should be open to a large amount of immigrants than the answer would be yes or no based on what they think about any country .
