  damn , young stalin . 
  the difference between red and orange is not necessarily that significant . 
  if you 're against helping red regions then i see no reason why you 'd care for anything worse than beige . 
  they 're all freeloaders with no chance of paying you back in the future , right ? 
  the difference between flanders and wallonia is even more striking than the north and south of italy . 
  not everything is greece . 
  there are regions in your country that could do with investment . 
  there was nothing else to the post i 'm referring to . 
  the fact that you genuinely think you have a platform to accuse me of avoiding meaningful discussion when your response to `` why do you think people take issue with your country ? '', 
  is `` we make you leftists scared '' is ... kind of funny i suppose ? 
  what i get from talking to you is that polish people are angry , easily offended , incapable of self-reflection and weirdly optimistic about how important they are to the west . 
  it 's not a tremendously endearing image of a nation . 
  i 'm sorry , are we pretending that `` westerners hate us because we symbolise leftists losing their illuminati-granted grip on power '' was a meaningful discussion point ? 
  or maybe we just do n't like countries that elect backwards politicians ? 
  you really do n't think there 's a reason that poland and hungary in particular are singled out while nobody ever brings up issues with the rest of eastern europe ? 
  i 'm not talking about economics . 
  i am happy about how strong your economy 's performance has became . 
  we do . 
  we have nothing but good wishes for eastern europe . 
  does n't mean that some of the countries in that region are n't shit . 
  i really hope hungary can eventually not be a disaster , but that 's the current situation , and lying about that does n't signify empathy . 
  if total gdp mattered for eu accession then malta would never have got in because its population is so tiny - its gdp is n't that much more than double of montenegro 's . 
  the fact that malta did get in shows that total gdp does n't matter at all , and gdp per capita is more important . 
  we 're sorry that your country is shit , i guess ? 
  where did he say it was ? 
  it 's both . 
  trying to pretend that there are n't things to worry about with automation for the sake of pushing for progress is n't helpful and wo n't convince anyone of your pov . 
  you 're not seriously a trump supporter finding fault in a member of the elite pretending to dislike the elite , are you ? 
  alright let me just tell every person without a gun that their existence is meaningless then . 
  if someone gives you a choice between death or losing access to your guns then you will either choose to give up your guns or betray a serious issue in your mental state . 
  that 's `` wut '' . 
  you talk like you 've never actually experienced any real issues in your life before and i wish i could attribute that to you being 12 but i do n't think i can . 
  ... what is wrong with you ? 
  turf is dried sods of peat if you did n't know . 
  ireland has a ton of peat bogs and harvesting the peat in those bogs for heating homes has been done for centuries here , continuing today even with the increased prevalence of alternatives . 
  it 's also used in at least one power station in our country which is a little bit surreal to think about . 
  from memory peat is the single worst fossil fuel for carbon emissions , so its continued prominence in ireland is problematic for our environmental goals , but people in rural areas are extremely attached to their ability to harvest from our bogs because there 's such a long tradition behind it . 
  well that 's more understandable . 
  i remember reading a book about the 30 years war and the background was basically just a loooooong lesson on the history of the holy roman empire and i remember thinking that it was the most complicated setup for a `` country '' that i could ever imagine . 
  i remember thinking just how little i envied anyone who ended up as emperor . 
  i sympathise with frustration about the political climate of italy but ... this is not an appropriate comment and i 'm surprised to hear it from an italian . 
  you can get italians engaged in politics again without subjecting the country to a fascist dictatorship and mandating a violent revolution against it . 
  makes a change from being confused with spain at least ? 
  so what you 're saying is that there is an anti-pc movement ? 
  woah , i 'd follow that !, 
  really ? 
  it 's been on the news a lot recently about how we 're one of the only eu countries failing to meet our co2 emission targets , for example . 
  we have a lot to do with modernising our energy infrastructure yet and the turf tradition , while quaint , is really holding us back in this field . 
  thank you for that explanation , 
  do you find lyon being so friendly to le pen noteworthy at all ? 
  i can see lille because of de-industrialisation , but i do n't know of anything obvious about lyon that 'd make it gravitate to her ? 
  strasbourg is amusingly high too , considering its status in the eu . 
  probably not , but `` i voted for fillon '' just looks random and pointless . 
  `` i voted for le pen '' is either random and pointless or it 's low effort bait . 
  i think most people are assuming it 's the latter . 
   you would need a damn good orator to convince the people the rich deserve more money . 
  then it 's a good thing that `` the rich deserve more money ! '', 
  is n't his argument for lowering taxes on them ? 
  france 's pmi has been spiking really hard lately - why is that ? 
  why is southern europe quite so unwilling to have children ? 
  nowhere is really doing great but the different between north and south is generally pretty striking . 
  pretty great for upvote farming though . 
  or maybe you do n't get to decide what 's considered rule-breaking and the people who run the contest do ? 
  ' 1944 ' got through on reasoning that had successfully been used before with other countries . 
  the jury winner was australia and she beat australia comfortably on the televote . 
  she was not handed the win by an overwhelming jury victory whatsoever . 
  but russia declined the offer immediately . 
  ukraine never even had to negotiate with the ebu about it because russia had no intention of doing it . 
  they wanted ukraine to say no and were n't going to compromise at all because they did n't want to give ukraine the option to say yes . 
  do not act as if ukraine are the ones who made russia entering this year impossible . 
  russia had a variety of options at their disposal that would have allowed them to compete and they chose not to take any so that people like you could cry about ukraine being full of horrible people . 
  i feel like the problem of that election was 52 % of the egyptian people deciding to vote for the guy from the muslim brotherhood in the second round ? 
  edit : morsi won the first round and you 're blaming it being a two round system for egypt electing him ? 
   ukraine prohibited that as well . 
  no they did n't , russia declined it . 
  the ebu judged that they did n't break the rule , though . 
  it is the rule , but it does n't seem to be a rule that the ebu cares about enforcing . 
  russia should n't be back next year but i imagine the ebu has every intention of allowing them back . 
  is n't that just because your gdp is a tiny fraction of germany 's ? 
   british people are about as european as you can get a really large proportion of british people would disagree with that . 
  it 's the only country in europe where people randomly feel like they 're not part of the continent they belong to . 
   i do n't get why he is seen as evil abroad i am pretty confident that it 's due to modern standards being applied to him a tad more than is likely appropriate . 
  history courses in school do n't have enough time to cover everything so there 's little context given for napoleon 's time and you 're kind of given the impression that he was a random madman attacking tons of innocent countries with no imperial ambitions of their own . 
  between that and the emphasis on the world wars and world war two in particular , i think it 's very easy for kids to view napoleon as essentially being a hitler prototype . 
  i 'm currently living in the uk so i could be a tiny bit out of the loop but as far as i can tell there is n't currently any pressure coming from roi to unite the countries and that has been the case historically - it 's not our place to attempt to push the north into uniting with us and we know that . 
  to answer your earlier question , i see very little opposition to a united ireland within the uk . 
  politicians have some degree of investment into the subject but people on the street do n't at all and ni feels incredibly foreign in comparison to scotland . 
  honestly i would n't be surprised if a majority of british citizens outside of ni supported the idea of a united ireland . 
  kosovo vs serbia is too murky to catch the public 's imagination . 
  russia vs ukraine is comparatively easy to comprehend because a good vs evil narrative is so easy to present , therefore the public latches on . 
  it 's depressing what 's happened to eurovision in ireland . 
  i love the show but i learned to stop caring about what happened to the irish entrant a long time ago . 
  we 're just so bad at it . 
  exactly . 
  maybe the fact that we are n't constantly whining about others and muh dignity should be inspiration to you ? 
  are you seriously of the belief that your country would be treated more nicely outside of the eu than it is inside ? 
  because you were called names and considered a shit country long before you started hoovering up money from the west . 
  it 's called soccer in ireland so when we go elsewhere it can cause problems unless we 're quite considerate with what we 're saying . 
  hiberno english , which i think is a pretty great ( group of ) dialect ( s ) if i can say so myself  main cool thing about hiberno english : it actually has a distinct plural form of `` you '' . 
  terrible .
