  being against gay marriage is bad . 
  being instrumental in gay marriage being legalised is good . 
  being a clever politician is admirable . 
  i encourage you to realise that people are more complex than simply good or bad . 
  that 's totally ok - apologies for misunderstanding you !, 
  the comment thread you are replying to is commending her political prowess . 
  aside from that , this post in general mostly contains praise for her allowing what the majority wishes to go ahead even though it is seemingly not what she , nor her party personally desire . 
  none of the praise she is being given in this thread is directly related to her having an anti-gay attitude , and in fact there is plenty of criticism of that to be found . 
  but you just wanted a reason to feel superior , did n't you ? 
   killing kids is fucked up thing and always will be . 
  have fun . 
  better stop wanking then . 
  once you are out of the womb , survival instinct makes everything else moot . 
  the majority of people would willingly go through anything in order to avoid dying , because it is instinct . 
  it does not mean that it is right to bring people into situations where it is even slightly conceivable to ask a child if they 'd rather be dead . 
  a woman gets raped and aborts the resultant child . 
  ten years later she has a child with a man she is very happy with . 
  she probably would n't have had the second child if she kept the first one . 
  i know which one is better off being in the world . 
  i did n't catch the futurama reference so i assumed it was just colourful wording on your part . 
   the fact that the difference is so small ( 2 % ) shows that the entire country was really divided on the issue , and one side barely came out on top this is my belief on the issue . 
  i was attempting to argue against the idea that 50 % saying yes was a rare and emphatic result for a referendum when in actuality it was obviously a very close result . 
  the percentages you posted literally ignore the invalid votes , and there was no neutral option . 
  so yes , it was impossible for one option not to hit 50 % , and therefore marvelling at 50 % of people voting for a particular option and attempting to apply election norms to the results of a binary referendum is idiotic . 
  if you want to run with `` wow , i ca n't believe only 2 % of people spoiled their vote , turkey must be crazy about losing its democracy ! '', 
  then sure but `` woah , 50 % of people voted no ? 
  turkey must really not want to lose its democracy ! '', 
  is just as legitimate at that point . 
  you could just as easily turn that around to say that it 's rare for 49 % of people to say no to a referendum . 
  the 51/49 number is clearly ignoring n/a votes . 
  if you 're not making as much money as you need to then you 're going to start digging into your savings . 
  the map makes it very clear why the uk 's number is what it is and does so by pointing out a very good thing the uk does ( having the highest annual paid leave numbers ) . 
  the 0 is so obviously out of place that it instantly makes you wonder what alternative they have rather than assuming it looks bad . 
  places like the netherlands without an excuse look much , much worse than the uk here . 
  stop looking for an agenda in everything . 
  your stance is reasonable , but is there an alternative being offered ? 
  that is the point that i wish to make . 
  i will take merkelxmacron if the alternative is an aimless eu that ca n't get anything done . 
  she 's been chancellor for a long time for a reason and this works out reasonably well for her , so it 's not that big a stretch . 
  i understand where people are coming from on the whole `` do merkel and macron really think there are only two countries that matter ? '', 
  thing but from where i 'm looking i think these statements are more about `` someone needs to step up to the plate and we 're happy to do it , so let 's do it ? '', 
  than anything else . 
  i see a lot of people talk about how france and especially germany want everything their own way but i never actually see any other countries arguing for their way outside of the v4 making sure they do n't need to deal with muslims . 
  i want a francogerman led europe because someone needs to do it and i do n't see anyone else trying , but i would like even more a europe where everyone is actively contributing and not just phoning it in . 
  it 's ridiculous how little influence countries like italy and spain/poland have considering their size , and a lot of the smaller countries could have much louder voices than they usually do too . 
  you can have lax gun laws if your populace wo n't take advantage of them . 
  the us population can and will do so , so tighter regulations would be wise . 
  swiss people can be trusted not to stockpile guns at every opportunity , apparently . 
  there are both swiss and finnish people in this thread saying that their statistics are skewed upwards and even despite that their numbers do not come close to the us . 
  * given away, 
  fuck off lol . 
  wow , i would never have believed that . 
  that 's probably dumb of me but i did n't think the uk 's conservatives were actually all that socially conservative . 
  i really really hope this goes through . 
  i wondered if germany would ever do it . 
  italy is a net contributor . 
  i learned this recently too . 
  i used to think schengen was a dutch word or something rather than a town . 
  i 'm just saying that the narrative has shifted from `` we 'll be fine '' to `` it does n't matter that we wo n't be fine '' . 
  i wonder if a british economic collapse would n't be met with `` well at least our collapse is slowing you guys down too !!, 
  congrats on being adjusted to high temperatures ? 
  this is a very different argument to what we heard a year ago . 
  as a matter of interest , why did denmark need to join the eu because the uk did ? 
  on another note , i do n't really see any issues with the uk leaving in terms of power balance . 
  losing a contributor obviously sucks , however . 
   we are being america aka the fucking leader of the free world . 
  may i ask what the relevance of self-aggrandising is to this conversation ? 
  i do n't see any point whatsoever to randomly throwing in `` america # 1 '' right here . 
  context on this ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  ireland seems ok . 
  not in this context . 
   uhm she 's the leader of the largest party ? 
  why would she resign just because she lost seats ? 
  because political parties need a strong leader and may with this result has proven herself to be really , really lacking . 
  conservatives failing to increase their majority and actually losing a significant number of seats in this election despite the state of their competition is going to be pinned on may and members of the conservative party will not want a leader that can fuck up something handed to her on a silver plate . 
  if they can make a coalition then i doubt she 'll resign but i can not imagine her leading conservatives into the next general election . 
  she 's just not good enough to lead a party . 
  it was seen as a way to increase the legitimacy of pursuing a hard brexit , basically . 
  an increase of the tory majority would have been presented as the public giving the thumbs up to how may was conducting herself regarding brexit , as well as making controversial conservative policies even safer to push through in the upcoming years . 
  i think you have the wrong idea about what people think about spain . 
  people do think about it being poor right now , but that 's mostly because spain got so much focus during the recent financial crisis and it 's quite famous for its unemployment rate at this point . 
  outside of economic stuff , it 's still a heavily respected country and probably considered one of the pillars of europe still alongside france , italy , germany and the uk . 
   if you 'd have been 1000 miles away you 'd have had to wait till the italians went looking for somewhere to colonise before you could get a culture . 
  ireland had plenty of culture before it was colonised by the british . 
  how dare you suggest that we should be grateful that we were colonised or that we needed england to lift us out of our savagery . 
  i realise this map has very carefully selected what it is presenting and that painting it as a map of `` northern europe '' when they really mean `` rich europe '' is disingenuous , but while that 's a fair point and the person who made the map is clearly pushing an agenda , that does n't mean that the map is without merit . 
  it is an interesting way of showing how the uk 's wealth distribution compares to that of other rich european nations , and adding poor ones would cloud that data . 
  what i want to say is that yes , this map is clearly designed to show the uk in a bad light and yes , they 've removed countries that would prevent this problem in the uk from being visible , but that does n't mean that it 's not worth discussing . 
  the motive is transparent but the point is still valid : the uk has extraordinarily poor wealth distribution . 
  and while there 's quite a lot of uk bashing for the sake of it happening online right now , i 'm inclined to think that this map is made less for the sake of mocking the uk and more in the hopes of drawing attention to a problem that they 'd like to be addressed . 
  shame about finland :( their first figures looked so promising . 
  curious about the downward change in the uk but at least that 's much milder . 
  woah , i have my next holiday sorted !, 
  the speed of tgvs is terrifying to me . 
  irish trains are so leisurely that i think i would feel like i was in a rocket in a tgv . 
  it 's also a problem in most of the romance languages . 
  french does it too . 
   the eu 's not paying for anything , its members are . 
  umm ?
