  we 're trying out a new name . 
  do you like it ? 
  fair enough :(, 
   so it could be argued that whilst not explicitly stating it , the fact that the eu does not permitted the expulsion of members against their will , that article 50 must be revocable otherwise you could be expelling a member against it 's will which the eu does not permit . 
  legally , invoking article 50 is a binding expression of the will to leave the eu . 
  i think that takes precedence over randomly saying you 've changed your mind later . 
  as long as you trigger article 50 , i do n't think you can claim you 're being expelled . 
  yeah , you had the right idea but english decided to be lazy with this one , 
  i 'm not pointing this out to be pedantic but rather because i think you 'd like to know - when you say `` kitchen '' , the word that would be used by native english speakers is `` cuisine '' . 
  it was never translated from french so in english you talk about french or greek cuisine . 
  saying `` kitchen '' would confuse people . 
  i 'm aware of what you said , i think everyone is . 
  we just do n't think you have a valid argument . 
  there is ample evidence for the people of his time considering him to be an amoral person . 
  yelling `` everyone was a dick ! '', 
  over and over again and telling everyone who disagrees with you that they do n't understand is an incredibly weak defense . 
  in the end all i wanted to point out to you was the stupidity of replying to `` these people thought he was bad '' with `` they were bad too '' as if that makes it ok . 
  the fact that awful people thought columbus was awful heavily suggests that he was especially awful . 
  your first point makes columbus look even worse , just so you know . 
  the imf are pointing out stuff to be wary of as usual . 
  that 's not an announcement of an imminent crisis and if there was one , they would n't be cryptic about it . 
   and who is best placed to know what will happen in the financial world , having the city ? 
  i mean , i 'd probably go with people like the imf for this over the uk government . 
  and the imf are predicting no imminent crisis . 
  you identify as yugoslav ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i 'm sorry that i 'd rather not make life harder for irish people for the sake of keeping a large number of people who 'd rather be part of the uk anyway afloat ? 
  already having some regions that act as a drain on the richer regions is not an argument to take on more - it is the opposite . 
  there is a difference between continuing to support the poorer regions of your own country and willingly taking on the job of supporting a poor region of a different country . 
  charity begins at home . 
  ni is n't home . 
  they are 100 % recognised by germsny . 
  this was done to incite hatred . 
   these people are being shipped here deliberately to destroy us who wants to destroy us ? 
  so what do you want for it ? 
  if being dependent on someone else and being independent are both bad options , what is there left ? 
  ni would be of no use to us at all . 
  ireland already has poor regions that need work to improve . 
  taking on more of them for the sake of nationalism would be such a dumb move . 
  well , it 's not like northern ireland becoming an independent country is on the cards at all . 
  they either continue leeching money off of the uk or they begin leeching it off of the republic of ireland . 
  i ca n't imagine northern ireland being a viable economy on its own in my lifetime . 
  aww , i 'm blushing < 3, 
  it is depressing . 
   if she represents it poorly tell me how good is she in her job ? 
  representing it ( debatably ) poorly once is enough to be considered a poor representative ? 
  so mogherini is a shitty politician because she cried ? 
  how dumb are you ? 
  at the very most , her crying just gave a few laughs to a few isis members . 
  you do not consider firing someone for such a tiny , irrelevant thing as that . 
  if you would fire an otherwise competent employee for a tiny , one-time slip up with no actual consequences then you 'd be a very stupid employer . 
  he 's clearly referring to her ability to deal with terrorism . 
  that 's not her job . 
  she 's entitled to her emotions too , and they 're irrelevant to isis . 
  i really like the decision to be respectful to the native names of places , i wish more languages did that . 
  this makes me want to learn norwegian a little bit more . 
  wow , the baltics are impressively flat . 
  that must such for hikers but be great in pretty much every other way . 
  i assume you 're from a more southern country yourself ? 
  because while i totally get that northern europeans are paler than their southern neighbours , and i get that blond hair exacerbates that , i still find it very hard to actually call that combination sickly , and i know quite few people in my daily life who i 'd say are pale to the point of looking sick . 
  it could be that if you saw me , you would think i was pale to that point , so our perspectives may just be very different , but i can see a major difference between pale and worryingly pale . 
  i totally understand the existence of cultures where blond is not considered terribly attractive , and it 's not my preference personally either . 
  i just find the idea that people in any area would think blond men look sick or undead to be hard to believe . 
  it 's very extreme . 
  finland and the netherlands are the only two countries on earth to have emerged not from the gradual planetary shaping done by tectonic movement , but actually to have been created , fully formed , in the initial explosion of the big bang . 
  they have been rivals since the dawn of time in every area and nothing gets in the way of their devotion to beating each other - once they both landed on earth randomly and turned out to be kind-of-neighbours , it became even easier for their eternal competition to continue . 
  you 'll see this play out on here a lot if you spend some time on the reddit - whenever there is an international ranking posted , every dutch first checks how they compare against the finns , and vice versa . 
  they will typically express either joy or dismay at the result , and the rivalry has became so famous that even those from other countries will often put a priority on finding out which one of these timeless rivals has emerged victorious , rather than seeing how their own country is doing . 
  if this all sounds like an underwhelming bunch of hot air then i can only try harder to impress upon you how serious this rivalry is . 
  it outweighs even france vs the uk and the gambia vs armenia . 
  hearing britain and ireland being described as southern has properly thrown me for a loop . 
  you guys are * so * far north !, 
  it 's a story as old as time itself . 
  i can appreciate that it might be an anglosphere thing , but we as a group of people from a variety of different backgrounds are all interacting within the anglosphere right now given that we are on an american , english-language website . 
  i thought it 'd at least be easy for people outside of anglophone countries to see mention of stereotypes like swedes being hot , especially if they spend time on places like reddit . 
  i really do n't think blond men look ugly or sick , by the way . 
  that sounds about equal to saying that people with dark hair look dirty . 
  how can you be a harry potter fan and have sympathy with the blacks ? 
  the entire point of the series is to show how wrong attitudes like that are and you came out of your reading of the books thinking the death eaters were the good guys ? 
  your username is the fictional equivalent of a nazi slogan . 
  it 's vile . 
  huh ? 
  there 's been so much humour based on mocking soviets over the years . 
  if anything there 's probably more humour targeted at soviets than nazis just off the back of `` in soviet russia , x [ verb ] you ! '', 
  jokes . 
  is your name supposed to be a joke ? 
  really ? 
  the swedish people = hot thing is super prevalent , especially for the women . 
  i 'm surprised anyone could get away from that stereotype . 
  if you knew someone with cancer who was showing signs of improvement , would you question their happiness on that ? 
  yes !, 
  living in the uk and i swear there is no good alternative to cidona . 
  super underrated drink . 
  where are you from out of interest ? 
  edit : oh i saw in another comment , you 're from turkey . 
  well , congrats . 
   what would drive the netherlands economy if not this ? 
  the netherlands is surrounded by wealthy neighbours . 
  if other countries can manage it , why not the netherlands ? 
  wow , the current design is stunning .
