  so the media in clinton 's pocket discussed nothing about her except for persistently reminding people that she 's in the middle of a poorly-defined scandal and generally suspicious ? 
  this is what i mean by them being bad allies . 
   do n't blame the media for being shitty allies , blame her campaign for being inept . 
  or i could say that both contributed , as is much more likely to be the truth ? 
   the worst candidate in history come * on * . 
   what sort of more negative coverage do you think they could have done that would have hurt him more without venturing into the completely absurd ? 
  you 're talking about this as if there 's only one dimension to it . 
  style of coverage matters just as much as the topics disucssed , and trump 's negative coverage made him out to be a dramatic soap character rather than a legitimately dangerous person . 
  clinton 's complete lack of attention outside of the email scandal meant that she had no presence in anyone 's mind beyond `` is shady , also a woman '' . 
  i never said that clinton was a perfect candidate and i never said that her campaign was run flawlessly either , so i do n't need you to write an essay on how terrible she is and how dumb democrats were to select her . 
  it 's just completely disingenuous to say that the media were putting in a huge amount of work for her . 
  media coverage reduced hillary to scandals ( both real and imagined ) and nothing else , while giving a huge amount of attention to trump 's policies , even if only because they were controversial policies . 
  on top of that , you will actually find people who * like * that trump enjoys abusing his celebrity to sexually harass women and get away with it . 
  you will not find anyone who finds `` this woman has something to hide , probably ? '', 
  appealing . 
  of course i 'm serious . 
  you could very easily argue that the media portrayal of both campaigns was a large part of the reason hillary lost . 
  i 'm not saying the media hurt her on purpose but if they really were in her pocket then i doubt `` hillary has suspicious emails , no real expansion on that though '' would have been in the news cycle for months , and presenters would n't have talked about her having an `` air of suspicion '' just days before the election . 
  by the same token , trump was normalised a * lot * by mainstream media , appearing on a large number of liberal-leaning talk shows as if he was a lovable comedy candidate rather than the reality . 
  i mean you could tell snl regretted indulging him massively by how extraordinarily negative their coverage of him was both immediately before the election and immediately after . 
  they knew that they had aided his campaign . 
  maybe mainstream media were clinton 's allies but if they were then they were the type of allies that you 'd rather not have . 
  from where i 'm standing the mainstream news outlets were noticeably hesitant to be outright positive about clinton and uninterested in discussing her beyond the email scandal . 
  trump 's coverage was negative , sure , but you could even argue that his negative coverage could have been of a nature much more damaging to his campaign than it was in reality . 
  the media was on hillary 's side ? 
  it is a consistently replenishing pool , however , and with plenty encouraging it to do so at the moment . 
  in what world does the usa not treat world politics like an imperialist game ? 
  i do n't agree , personally , but it does n't matter . 
  brexit could have been prevented by any number of things being different . 
  they emigrate a * lot * , seem pretty happy to integrate wherever they land and are hard-working to boot . 
  curiously it also seems like quite a good place to emigrate to , and i have two friends who went to poland to study . 
  irish people do n't have a lot of things to do with their time . 
  thinking about it i think the only way you could * really * justify it would be under the assumption that should the eu go to war , irish people who would join the war to help would actually be more useful in that scenario doing something else , so perhaps in weapon production or just generally keeping the economy ticking over ( agriculture in particular i guess ? ) . 
  unfortunately given that ireland does actually have an army , i find it hard to imagine an argument that the members of that army would be better off doing things that do n't involve armed combat . 
  from what i can really tell , when ireland joined the eu ( and eventually became wealthy enough that `` we have other things to deal with ! '', 
  stopped being an excuse ) it basically gave up its right to neutrality in eu-adjacent conflicts , and that would be doubley true if a centralised eu military was created . 
  we could only opt out of helping allies properly if we also chose to forego the right to ask allies for help , i think , and even then that 'd be pretty selfish given that ireland has to be one of the least likely countries in the union to be attacked . 
  perhaps others would disagree with me but i think that every country in the eu has a responsibility to its other members , and that would be made even more true if a centralised military was created . 
  because of that , i do n't think choosing not to aid our allies to the best of our ability would go down very well in the history books . 
  you just said that they pay money to ireland that ireland would n't have if they were n't there . 
  surely that is the definition of lucrative ? 
  absolutely agreed that it 's unfair to other eu countries , it is n't right and it 's a cheap way to prop up an economy with little else going for it . 
  but it 's wrong to say ireland does n't benefit from its status as a tax haven . 
  it 's fighting to keep its unfair tax policies for a reason , because it ca n't afford those companies leaving . 
  i think it pretty obviously is , or this situation would n't exist . 
  ireland needs the employment . 
  you ca n't exactly not think about the jobs , though . 
  ireland being a tax haven is n't close to right and i do n't like it but yes , it 's understandable that the government want to keep a multinational which employs many people in the country . 
  frankly ireland has little going for it beyond attracting multinationals through shady means . 
  you 're aware of what sub you 're on , right ? 
  there are n't many without an opinion on both of those things here . 
  you think meps earn $ 7,000 a year ? 
  it makes sense though . 
  if you 're part of the eu then you 're part of a group of countries that decide their own destiny together . 
  an independent european country in a post-eu world ? 
  you are irrelevant on an international stage and completely at the mercy of the us and russia . 
  eu members gain a huge amount of power from being part of such a powerful bloc . 
  none of them can hope to have any real influence alone . 
  genuine question - if we 're gon na contribute money to an eu military then at that point what 's the obsession with not getting * directly * involved ? 
  if ireland supports the eu in war financially then it 's not actually neutral at that point anymore , and i do n't see much reason not to commit troops outside of `` let 's let people from other countries die instead '' . 
  i 'm totally happy to believe i 'm missing something here , so please explain if i 'm wrong !, 
  personally i 'm really interested to see how much relevance germany retains when its population does decline to the point that both france and the uk are bigger . 
  at that point france are going to be seen as the ones dictating the eu unless something major changes . 
  the uk will always be somewhat relevant because it has more going for it than a big economy but germany may be lost when their population declines . 
  this is certainly the case in western europe . 
  scandinavia + greece are where geography goes totally out the window when it comes to what people consider western and eastern . 
  when on earth did i say they should ? 
  at the time i 'm reading , 81 % of people who 've seen this found it interesting . 
  maybe people have different opinions to yours ? 
  i believe that that is the uk 's intention . 
  not quite - the un projects that france will overtake in 2059 , while the uk will overtake in exactly 2050 . 
  in a scenario where germany retains gdp per capita superiority over both of those countries heading into that point , it 'll be a couple of years after 2050 that the uk overtakes germany 's economy in size and again a few years after 2059 before france does the same , but it 's inevitable that it will happen unless demographic predictions turn out to be incorrect ( which would admittedly not be the most surprising thing ever ) . 
  you can see some cool graphs and stuff of the un 's population projections here : https://ourworldindata.org/future-world-population-growth/, 
  i do wish we 'd get more gdp per capita figures than total gdp , yes . 
  sure , it 's useful to know which economies are biggest , but it does n't actually tell us whose economy is performing well . 
  i would n't be at all surprised if the uk 's gdp per capita was sliding back right now , and that would be a lot more significant than slow total growth , but we ca n't discuss it because nobody publishes the figures . 
  this is important to remember . 
  in 2050 the uk is going to be the biggest economy in europe unless something catastrophic happens , and france will overtake germany not too long after . 
  gdp is so closely tied to population that the uk 's gdp will be fine for the foreseeable future as long as their immigration numbers remain similar , which i imagine they will . 
  negative effects of stuff like brexit will only really be seen in gdp per capita figures , which will be interesting to track . 
   if you think that any german goverment would agree to eurobonds without budget oversight , you are delusional . 
  where the hell did i even come close to saying that ? 
  sure , enjoy going back to your rightist utopia where a melting down italy does n't devastate your perfectly crafted northern economy . 
  i just told you what the point is . 
  if you 're not willing to read then why the fuck are you replying to people ? 
   there is literally nothing to gain for aaa countries to join up with anything lower then that that 's not exactly true . 
  the whole point of the endeavour would be making the eurozone actually function , and aaa nations within the eurozone and europe as a whole would benefit from not having to worry about italy and greece collapsing . 
  no direct benefit , sure , but why would one only look at that ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with wanting the people with more confidence to go ahead without you at first . 
  as a western european , bleak and brutal is quite unique in a monument . 
  the soldiers admittedly are n't anything too exciting but i think the woman is extremely striking and i do quite like the pillar . 
  it all comes together quite well for me . 
  they make up one third of eastern europe 's answer to benelux and seem to have their head screwed on fairly well . 
  they 've had some interesting eurovision entries in recent years , some of which were very good . 
  riga is the biggest city in the baltics and has some pretty cool monuments . 
  the memorial to the soviet army in riga is a really excellent piece of art in my opinion but its purpose is controversial for obvious reasons and i 'm not sure if i would be sad or not if it was gotten rid of . 
   literally just puked in my mouth you ok there ? 
  lol . 
  forum les halles is beautiful . 
  i feel like you might just have a very narrow definition of good architecture ?
