  just because you do n't like the contest does n't mean you need to be vile towards everyone that takes part in it . 
  people voted for the song you guys sent because they had no good choices . 
  they had to vote for something and ` perfect life ' was legitimately the least shit option . 
  i dunno how a country as big and rich as germany finds it so hard to find good songs . 
  i believe mar\u00e9chal is part of her surname . 
  it 's not random . 
  azerbaijan , armenia and israel are either members or aligned with various political institutions associated with europe and they 're all members of the ebu , which is the official prerequisite for competing in eurovision . 
  the requirement for taking part has never been `` be in the standard geographical definitions of europe '' . 
  not typically . 
  which ones do you take issue with ? 
  aside from australia which is supposed to be an exception , every other country here is a member of the european broadcasting union . 
  israel is , along with australia , the only member not on the map of this sub . 
   ( and the fact that it seemed to do well in spite of being a ballad ) what gives you that impression ? 
  i get that you 're joking , but if the crux of the joke is assuming that people across europe live for nothing more than attempting to spite the uk then it 's going to go down badly outside of britain . 
  we do not , contrary to the uk 's belief , vote strategically to ensure a bad finish for you . 
  we vote to ensure a good finish for the entries we like . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm not surprised to hear that from someone who thinks that the # 1 thing on the entirety of europe 's mind while watching the contest is how we can engineer the uk doing badly to spite them for politics that is irrelevant to an appreciable segment of the competing countries . 
  or rather than concerning ourselves with the final position of the uk we could just vote for the song that we want to win and let the uk fall where it deserves like every other country ? 
  eh , i 'm ok with being called delusional by someone who thinks that russia not winning eurovision is the eu 's next step at screwing over that country after * economic sanctions * . 
   first annexation of crimea isnt some random political conflict . 
  to a tv production company , it is . 
   and for you is unthinkable that , even tho country votes are political , judge is too ? 
  judges are at worst just as biased as the public are , in which case there is no point complaining about them because they make no difference to how political the contest is . 
   like i said too good to be true that eu founded contest is having russia 1st just to be replaced with ukraine by judge ( behind the scene ) votes in the middle of russia - ukraine ( and eu ) conflict . 
  why is it too good to be true ? 
  why is it so unlikely that the juries just ... would n't like the russian song that much ? 
   also aus song was shit but made it to 2nd place because it was special guest . 
  australia were n't special guests . 
  you do n't know anything about the contest , clearly . 
  you 're talking shit because you need some excuse to whine about russia being victimised and the contest being a farce . 
  when your entire argument hinges on something that can happen very easily being `` too good to be true '' , it 's shit . 
  are you seriously proposing that the organisers of a tv show cared enough about a random political conflict that they tampered with votes to change the outcome of said tv show ? 
  seems like you want the contest to be a lot more political than it actually is . 
  that would be an excellent compromise which i would be 100 % happy with . 
  uk would never agree to it though . 
  for the uk and various other countries , yes . 
  others send their best whenever possible . 
  i did n't say that the uk were bad at music . 
  i said that they 're bad at eurovision . 
  if the uk 's strong songwriters were such an integral part of their past success at eurovision then it never would have dried up so completely , but it has . 
  ireland deludes itself to thinking it has strong songwriters but it does n't - that 's why we have no music industry to speak of . 
  people wanted an explanation for the success of the uk and ireland that was n't just uncompetitive language rules and they landed on `` they have lots of talent '' . 
  it was never the true explanation for their success . 
  the uk has never used its vast depths of musical talent in eurovision and ireland does n't have any talent to use . 
  judges votes have been in the contest since 2009 . 
  the only difference last year was announcing the jury votes separately to the public rather than combining them behind the scenes . 
  you have to really stretch things to assume that the jury not liking russia in one year means there 's a conspiracy just because ukraine benefited from it . 
  australia also overtook russia based on the jury results . 
  then how come they 've not won a single time in the last two decades ? 
  they are not good at eurovision and never were . 
  they won because the rules handicapped every other nation bar malta . 
  ireland has more wins than any other country despite not coming close to winning even once since the language rules were relaxed . 
  the uk is the same but in a tie for third . 
  they will dominate the contest just like they did before for no reason other than being easier to understand than the other countries if language rules are relaxed . 
  i like hearing foreign language songs in eurovision but i do n't want to watch a 3 hour show that 's just going to end with anglophone countries getting to congratulate themselves on happening to speak english every year . 
  i would have thought a frenchman would feel similarly on that topic . 
  making the contest significantly more unfair than it currently is just so people can say it 's more diverse is n't worth it . 
  a lot of countries would probably quit over it . 
  i do n't understand people who actively want to quit it . 
  it 's not a lot of money and even if you do n't personally enjoy it , the ratings are really high , so it 's clearly a good thing for your broadcaster . 
  i get not enjoying the show but ... 
  i do n't watch x factor , you do n't see me saying it should n't be on the air . 
  why do you want the uk and ireland to win every year again ? 
   now , if countries would just stop submitting songs fully in english !, 
  maybe with the brexit that influence will also decrease ? 
  people wo n't stop sending songs in english until they decide that they want the uk and ireland automatically winning again . 
  it 's a shame to hear so few other languages but you ca n't blame people for not handicapping themselves . 
  it seems like a lot of countries are trying to get the ema . 
  i can see the arguments against it going to eastern europe because it 's good to have eu agencies all within a certain radius but at the same time i think it 's important for every country to feel like they bring something to the eu and are a desirable member , and to that end i think the eu should strive for every member to have at least one agency within its borders ( at the very least , every mainland member ) . 
  i doubt you guys will get the ema , but i hope you get one or more agencies eventually , 
  that 's pretty insane . 
  ireland and the uk . 
  both have done awfully since language rules relaxed . 
  if it helps , i think you 're cool :d, 
  american government-employed adults pretending to be russian agents pretending to be american teenagers pretending to be french people . 
  i think we know that it has to happen eventually . 
  we 're just hoping to drag the whole thing out long enough that our economy wo n't fall over the second it happens . 
  realistically i think tax harmonisation is pretty important for the eu to sort out so it 's just a question of what they can do to make it an acceptable proposal to the tax havens at this point . 
  i feel like there must be some anecdotes behind this . 
  i 've seen some scepticism from portuguese posters about the economic recovery being a fluke/bubble , but i 'm not sure how representitive that is of the populace as a whole . 
  your point is nonsense . 
  this law is not an appropriate law in which to shoehorn in anti-obesity legislation . 
  that is why it is not included . 
  anorexia and obesity are very different things and asking for attempts to tackle those issues to always be bundled together is stupid . 
  all that would lead to is inappropriate legislation that is n't fit to tackle one of those two issues but tries to anyway , and a general slowdown in dealing with those problems . 
  i do n't know what is wrong with you and anyone else complaining about this - it is like you think that laws are finite things . 
  the people behind this law can get it passed and then move on to making a law that will help deal with obesity . 
  there is nothing stopping them from doing so . 
  so why are we acting as if this law dealing with anorexia not containing something to do with obesity means that we are not dealing with obesity ? 
  why is dealing with anorexia only allowed if it 'll also help prevent obesity ? 
  they do n't need to be bundled . 
  i 'm baffled that you ca n't think of a single example of someone in your life that 's either naturally skinny when they ought not to be or naturally overweight when they ought not to be . 
  anecdote ? 
  sure , but it 's an anecdote most people can give you . 
  weight change = what goes in versus what goes out is a good basic rule , sure , but it 's very clearly moderated by other factors . 
  that 's just a commonly known fact . 
   telling people anorexia is not fine , ok , whatever . 
  why say this law is against `` unrealistic beauty standards '' then ? 
  why ??
