  i feel like i should just start assuming that every small country is one . 
  i just do n't tend to appreciate finding someone telling me that i 'm going to judge their post in a certain way because i have x negative trait , and it 's stupidly common on reddit . 
  it 's just completely unprovoked aggression in what could otherwise be completely civil communication and it 's the exact sort of thing that fuels circlejerks like this anyway . 
  uk posters posting positive news about the uk and instantly turning that into an excuse to bash eu posters and the mods just makes the people who feast on negative uk news more rabid . 
  i 'm so annoyed because i saw the headline and was very happy about it and wanted to comment positively ( shockingly , i do n't want the uk to burn down and i love that the world 's financial centre is london ) but i do n't want to upvote a post that only seems to exist to stir up conflict in the sub . 
  i frequent this sub a lot and i 'd rather it be a nice place , not a hellhole of uk and non-uk posters trying to one-up each other with economic news . 
  are tax havens really comparably important to stuff like the world having enough food and adequate healthcare ? 
  i realise this sounds really suspicious coming from an irish flag but as much as i 'm of the opinion that tax havens are bad , the amount of importance you place on dealing with them just seems disproportionate . 
   there is suddenly a large importance of religion , abortion is illegal and gay rights far behind all of their westerly neighbours . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  this sounds like you went to ireland twenty years ago and are trying to say it 's not changed at all in those two decades . 
  abortion is illegal , but is a huge issue right now and people are pushing hard to get that changed , religion is not at all important and our gay rights are at least comparable to the rest of western europe , notably being better than those in germany and from memory , italy . 
  our acceptance of the lgbt community is extremely high , higher than that of the uk from memory . 
  i totally get your main point and everything about how different the countries of the eu are but it 's offensive portraying ireland as being an extremely backwards country compared to its neighbours . 
  i live in the uk right now and there is basically no difference between the two in their attitude towards social issues . 
  as a gay man i am very happy to be in both countries . 
  i was going to upvote this thread and then i saw this post and uggggghhhhh . 
  `` lol watch this get downvoted by salty noobs '' people have the best way of ruining stuff that 'd otherwise be so deserving of an upvote . 
  well done london , anyway . 
  is n't the point of a two-speed europe making it so that there wo n't be the ability for members to slow progress down ? 
  i do n't know why you need to be passive-aggressive with the `` your beloved '' stuff , either . 
  it does . 
  `` made in eu '' is a label in itself , it 's not a rating of the average for eu countries . 
  that 's what you get for colonialism , sorry !, 
  if you do n't want perspectives from residents of other countries on yours then why on earth would you talk about your country on the europe sub ? 
  i find the idea that paris would only need to be `` slightly '' less rich to stop attracting foreigners to be very cute . 
  neither of those cities are anywhere near as internationally significant as paris is and if and when they become comparably significant , the amount of natives relative to foreigners will decrease massively . 
  literally just the fact that their native people make up a much bigger portion of their population tells you that they are less attractive than paris . 
  valid comparisons for paris are london , new york and ... you * might * be able to argue a couple of other european cities at a push but none of them are realistically good comparisons . 
  and of course paris was n't like that decades ago . 
  it was nowhere near as important decades ago , no city was . 
  i 'm sorry but if you want france to be a major economic power then you either accept paris attracting people from all places or you try to heavily decentralise your country . 
  people will go where they can make money and paris is way too prominent compared to other french cities to not hoover up the migrants . 
  good news about that for people like you is that it means the other cities in france are comparatively white and christian , but i 'm sure that wo n't stop you whining about people wanting to come to your cities to earn money for themselves and your country anyway because who wants french companies to have the biggest possible pool of candidates to choose from , right ? 
  wow . 
  and there was me thinking that the un really should have its headquarters there . 
  every global city is a giant mishmash of races . 
  even if paris was legitimately void of french people it would be a complete exception to the rule . 
  i ca n't really think of anything in europe that the scandinavian countries are notably far from . 
  they 're extremely central . 
  i just think it 's horrendous to say that the baltics and eastern europe in general do n't warrant france/western europe 's military support because they do n't share our values . 
  there is a reason those countries have joined the eu and have been largely western-facing for years now , with progress being made in how liberal their policies and public opinions are . 
  maybe they are n't as close to our values as we 'd like them to be right now , but there 's little reason to believe that this ca n't be the case in many of them in the coming years . 
  it would be absolutely callous to throw those countries under the russian bus for not aligning with western europe 's values in 2017 when the primary reason for that being the case is that they were dominated by russia in the recent past and that country is extremely happy to be socially regressive . 
  if your only interest regarding when you use your nuclear arsenal is whether or not it helps promote the values you hold dear then using it in eastern europe should it ever be attacked by russia should absolutely be done . 
  give eastern europe enough peacetime and it merges with the west eventually . 
  give eastern europe to russia on a plate and it goes backwards . 
  maybe poland is n't aligned with france 's values right now , but the poland of the future probably will be and that 's worth defending . 
  i mean , population growth ca n't continue forever and somewhere had to be the first place to slow down . 
  it 's more that every other place needs to slow down too than europe needing to pick things up again . 
  that said , i do n't think we 're ready for such a slowdown at this point so i wonder why we 're seeing so little discussion around incentivising families right now . 
  i do n't get how places like germany are n't trying to do something about their current situation . 
   the question is , why use our nuclear arsenal to defend countries we do n't share the values ? 
  probably because you 'd rather russia not forcibly annex multiple countries ? 
  the baltics are not so far from france 's values that letting them be invaded is a defensible decision . 
  have some empathy for others . 
  you guys look cute , keep it up !, 
  good luck growing it in future  judging by the comments in here there 's plenty of potential for it to get bigger . 
  you should check it out , i think you 'd fit in there . 
  you 're from the incel sub , are n't you ? 
  will you vote for macron if le pen is his opponent ? 
  i mean , you 're talking to a french guy on reddit right now . 
  that 's no less anecdotal than you mentioning never having met an english-speaking person from france that was n't on an exchange . 
  you act as if nothing is considered in context . 
  it 's completely correct to say that the us is a warmongering nation with much to feel guilty for . 
  it is not right to use that fact to support the idea that one person being bad excuses another . 
  if the us and russia are both bad , then both should be addressed - not neither . 
  if you read more than just that post you 'd understand the context of the conversation . 
   it would be like trump supporting obama becoming un secretary general . 
  only if you assume that poland 's government is as childish as trump . 
  it would seem to me that the distinction comes from the author trusting western politicians to use this system correctly , while he does not trust erdogan and other turkish politicans not to abuse the system . 
  essentially the argument is that the system proposed by erdogan * is * bad ... for turkey . 
  this is something i think that everyone can agree on at least for the current climate . 
  he did not say what his logic was , so i am baffled as to why you are assuming that his logic was just `` it was part of ireland before '' . 
  and how does the mayor of london achieve getting this significant increase in power ? 
  it 's alright in ireland . 
  if you 're below a certain income in ireland than gp visits/prescriptions etc are free and the threshold is pretty generous . 
  i 'm 21 and come from a somewhat poor ( but not at all impoverished ) family , and i do n't recall my family ever having to pay for gp care . 
  it could be that people just feel more comfortable where they 're from . 
  in dublin i do n't feel tremendously unsafe even in the more dodgy sections but maybe that 's just because of the sense of `` home '' ? 
  sure , but there 's a difference between a first place turning into a third place and `` the uk will do badly no matter what because of iraq/brexit/general hatred towards us xd '' . 
  it must be so frustrating for british eurovision fans to have the public at large excuse the bbc 's complete lack of effort with `` it 's not our fault , everyone just hates us !, 
  well , for future reference : russia have came top 10 every contest in the last five years , the united kingdom have not came last since 2010 despite a dire run of entries and turkey have not entered since 2012 . 
  countries being unpopular has not been shown to have any significant effect on eurovision . 
  you 've never watched eurovision in your life , have you ? 
  i feel like you have to give some leniency to someone who does n't speak english as their native language . 
  ' 1944 ' is a very meaningful song even if the english in the song is hyperbasic . 
  to some degree you could even argue that those lyrics are notably effective . 
  i know so many people who were taken aback by the sudden jump from the unassuming start to `` they kill you all '' . 
  personally it was one of my favourite entries from the year but i recognise that it 's not everyone 's cup of tea . 
  i really do n't like that this has to happen now . 
  i like nicola sturgeon a lot in most ways but i really do n't think rushing through another referendum because brexit happened is in the best interests of scotland . 
  it 's wise if you want to get the best chance of a yes vote but i just do n't believe that now is the time for a yes vote . 
  i do n't know much about how scotland is governed so i do n't know how much agency they have to change things at present , but surely the right thing for scotland is to get themselves into a state where they can confidently leave the uk and then vote ? 
  it seems all wrong to do so at a time when so much is up in the air and i think when `` well this might be bad , but nationalism '' has to be used as a defense it 's time to abort . 
  it was the same with brexit . 
  why is your legitimate financial services industry so huge , out of interest ? 
  what makes luxembourg a great place for financial services aside from potential dodgy tax stuff ? 
  how is it anti-democracy to prevent someone attempting to establish a dictatorship from doing so ? 
  you think there is any chance of turkey getting to the point of a veto being necessary ?
