maybe he should speak for less than the 750 million people on the continent ? 
  i 'm not on edge , and `` the new normal '' is n't reflected in my daily life . .  nowhere in europe , perhaps with the exception of britain and the ira and possibly spain and the eta ( a basque separatist group ) , has a threat of this scale manifested since the normandy landings . 
  is he implying that the normandy landings were a threat to europe ? 
  earlier in the article he claimed that it had saved europe from nazism . . 
  either way the whole article is written as if we have some sort of existential crisis because of a few highly covered attacks , seems a bit paranoid to me . 
  it 's 7,6 % in sweden , it seems low to me ... 
  i 'm guessing you have the perfect solution then ? 
  i do n't feel superior to anyone , just that the rhetoric used in threads about crime in sweden always contain that smug self-satisfaction , as if the victims deserved it because of how sweden handled the refugee crisis . 
  these threads just hurts to read and i sort of snapped . 
  i think it 's awful that stuff like this happens , to anyone , and i hope crimes like these disappears within my lifetime . 
  so people in this thread feels like it 's more important to gloat/make sarcastic remarks about the swedish meme rather than be concerned about the victims , yet again / r/europe makes a really good case to just abandon this shithole of a subreddit . 
  and i disagree with him . 
  parroting whatever people like him say as something that `` everyone on the left '' believe , is something that alt-right is doing , is what i 'm trying to say . 
  so that 's where i hear it from , not some random blog-post . 
  . . is a sentiment almost exclusively held by the right/alt-right/whatever the fuck they call themselves . 
  only from the `` right '' . 
  i found [ this article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1992/07/24/world/yugoslav-refugee-crisis-europe-s-worst-since-40-s.html ) from ny times dated 1992 , if anyone 's interested . 
   unofficial estimates of refugees and displaced people from the former yugoslavia , as supplied by governments to the u.n. high commissioner for refugees . 
  croatia : 628,500 bosnia-herzegovina : 593,000 serbia : 375,000 slovenia : 66,000 montenegro : 48,500 macedonia : 31,000 germany : 200,000 hungary : 60,000 austria : 50,000 sweden : 44,000 switzerland : 12,200 italy : 7,000 netherlands : 3,370 norway : 2,300, 
  they 're part of schengen though ? 
  ( if i remember correctly ), 
  i see you 've got everything figured out . 
  i suppose you 're the smartest ape around ? 
  http://www.expressen.se/gt/hat-och-sorg-efter-barnvaldtaktsdom/ this was linked in op 's article . 
  the title is misleading . 
  the court judged him on the basis that his birth certificate said he was 16 , unlike the passport ( allegedly fake ) which claimed he was 19 . 
  he was also sentenced to 140 000 sek . 
  other than that it seemed ( in the article atleast ) like it was word against word , which the court ruled in the victims favour . 
  you could argue that the punishment still is too lenient , i just wanted to clear up some misunderstandings before everyone jumps on the sweden-meme , yet again . . 
  no , it 's legal to drink when you 're 18 . 
  it 's legal to buy alcohol from systembolaget when you 're 20 . 
  ( maybe it 's 21 ? ), 
  what i was trying to say , is that copenhagen also attracts people who want to smoke/take drugs . 
  they do n't go there just to drink, 
   the is a 0 % return on investment . 
  it 's not though . 
  your own example was a teacher , how is that not beneficial for society ? 
  besides , there 's ways to be useful other than `` just '' making as much money as possible . 
  if you 're not satisfied with making more money than others , maybe you should look to find something that fulfills whatever it is you 're missing ? 
  rather than try to take away from others . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to say , other than that you disagree with how people are living their lives , and that whatever it is that you do is much more important in some way ? 
  which you feel is unfair or something ? 
  are you not satisfied with what you have , or do you feel that the teacher , per your example , have more than you ? 
  education is never a bad thing in my opinion , even if the subject 's something i 'm not interested in . . 
  besides , a teacher in sweden is more often than not a certified teacher . 
  [ wiki link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/certified_teacher#sweden ), 
  i disagree . 
  yes , if everyone in a nation are given equal oppertunity to education , everyone benefits from it . 
  i mean . . 
  if you ca n't enjoy the benefits of being guaranteed basic human necessities , should you need it , because every one else has the same right . . what rewards are you expecting , really ? 
  there 's nothing heroic about war , in my opinion . 
  last government was a coalition of center-right to right-wing parties , they ruled for 8 years . 
  ok , thanks . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  your data only shows part of the picture too . . -  this is a list of countries by carbon dioxide emissions per capita from 1990 through 2011 . 
  all data was calculated by the us department of energy 's carbon dioxide information analysis center ( cdiac ) , mostly based on data collected from country agencies by the united nations statistics division . 
  [ 1 ] countries are ranked by their metric tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions per capita in 2009 . 
  ** the data only considers carbon dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels and cement manufacture , but not emissions from land use such as deforestation . 
  emissions from international shipping or bunker fuels are also not included in national figures , [ 2 ] which can make a huge difference for small countries with important ports . 
  **  ** the carbon dioxide emissions of a country are only an indicator of one greenhouse gas . 
  for a more complete idea of how a country influences climate change , gases such as methane and nitrous oxide should be taken into account . 
  this is particularly so in agricultural economies . 
  **  carbon dioxide emissions are also known for earlier periods . 
  a study of a global sample of twelve countries provide estimates for co 2 emissions since 1800 and explores the long-run drivers of carbon dioxide emissions by decomposing changes in carbon emissions into population , income , technological and energy mix changes . 
  damn , estonia pollutes almost as much as poland ? 
  ( i know , in electricity production only ) more than 10 times than sweden !, 
  denmark also seems odd to me . 
  is the difference between countries mostly dependant on nuclear/hydro ? 
  i tried poking around and found this . 
  these numbers are for 2015 , though . 
  http://www.asylumineurope.org/reports/country/belgium/statistics here 's stats for sweden . 
  how does that make it clear that they are economic migrants ? 
  if we look at the nationalities listed in the article , it seems clear to me that they may have legitimate claim to refugee status . 
  either way this is something that is decided on a case by case basis . 
   its clear that the lybia - italy route has just become a taxi service for economic migrants . 
  source ? 
  that 's fair , my question is kind of dishonest in hindsight . 
  i must have missed the 2015 reform , or forgotten . 
  i did think that it seemed like a lot of changes , especially to be decided in a referendum . 
  what would you change , or which reform would you vote yes for ? 
  no , that 's true . 
  how would it change things for the worse , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
   some 50 million italians have the right to vote in the referendum - many voters are fed up with years of economic stagnation . 
  seems wierd voting to keep the status quo , then ? 
  no , they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  i was asking because it seemed to me that he was saying that losing mosul somehow would be the beginning of the end to their organization , which i 'm not so sure of . 
  and some reddit threads are full of people who make statements , that people just accept at face-value . 
  sure , i was just asking . 
   isis/daesh are losing and it 's game over once they lose mosul . 
  you disagree with europol , then ? 
  conclusions **  the eu is currently witnessing an upward trend in the scale , frequency and impact of terrorist attacks in the jurisdictions of member states . 
  france in particular has recently been hit hard by a series of terrorist attacks , perpetrated both by groups of terrorists and lone actors . 
  is is actively propagating terrorist acts on eu soil by any means available , increasingly inspiring radicalised individuals to act . 
  is has proven to be very effective in both moving people to commit terrorist acts and to set these actions in motion themselves . 
  the success generated by these terrorist attacks , as seen from an is perspective , will encourage the group to hit more targets in the eu . 
  although france appears to be the primary focus of is , the organisation has threatened all countries that are part of the us led coalition against is in syria and iraq , including germany , the uk and other member states , which have specifically been mentioned as enemies of is in several video messages . 
  what should not be overlooked is that is is not the only terrorist organisation with the intent and capability to carry out attacks against the west , or to inspire individuals and groups residing in eu member states to do so . 
  al-qaeda and/or al-nusra affiliated or inspired groups and individuals continue to pose a serious threat to member states of the eu and to western interests in general . 
  new attacks by both terrorist groups and lone actors are thus to be expected , most probably following the patterns that have been used in earlier attacks . 
  new variations in attack , for example in the use of car bombs , may also develop .
