  waiting for stereotypes about sweden in the comments ... 
  and free-trade/export with/to russia is far over 1 bn which is much more than 230mln , now 230 is net while trade is gross but still it 's the money our people make while eu aid mostly goes to our politicians . 
  that 's not a soviet monument . 
  edit : a, 
  200 millions *, 
  do n't worry we wo n't be upset , thanks to britain we learnt our lessons not to trust anyone . 
  i 'd be more worried about the sudden appearance of terrorists with unknown sponsor in the southern parts of the serbia and something tells me that russia is not behind that . 
  placem . 
  you are wrong , case closed . 
  maybe not half `` rekoh uz kurac '' but about 20 % probably . 
  now the ngo is not bad as anyone thinks nor every ngo is linked to the politics , there are ngos linked to technology and stuff like that . 
  eu donations are not so important and are usually overrated in serbia . 
  to me the free-trade is much more important so we do n't really care about eu donations and probably to the people who trade with russia . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/functional_illiteracy] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/functional_illiteracy ), 
  functional illiteracy in uk is 20 % , that 's even more bad . 
  it 's not about that , that kind of illiteracy is now less than 2 % , this is about people without elementary school . 
  fuck you bro !, 
  we are not that bad . 
  canada 14.6 denmark 9.6 finland 10.4 france 19.8 germany 14.4 ireland 22.6 italy 47.0 mexico 43.2 netherlands 10.5 new zealand 18.4 norway 7.9 sweden 7.5 switzerland 15.9 united kingdom 21.8 united states 20.0, 
  our aid is nothing important , half of it is eaten by the eu 's ngo in serbia and bosnia . 
  on the other hand fucking up with russia would lead us into bankruptcy . 
  and knowing western europeans they would use that to stab us in the back , they already fuck us up with south stream and by selling us the same russian gas . 
  they would not have let us go either way . 
  200\u00a0000\u00a0000 million each year is not much to sacrifice , afterall half of that goes on eus ngo sector in serbia, 
  just look how much fuck we give . 
  i already see our neo-nazis giving guns to the muslims and cheering the destruction of the western europe . 
   supported by the eastern countries . 
  yes , probably by giving guns to the muslim extremists . 
  one funny note , we have a say in serbia : `` if you do n't know on whose side you are on , always shot the bulgarians , they are probably on the bad side '', 
   i dont remember serbia ever declaring wars to help russia or sending massive aid packages to russia ? 
  and this, 
  not much and in small numbers but still more than with other cultures . 
  i also forgot neighbors but we are little more mixed with them than with gypsies . 
  if you want to guess if some serb is a gypsy the easiest way is by location in serbia and by his/her surname . 
  these are big what ifs , nobody would have known the outcomes back then . 
  note that serbia was already ah colony and moving away from the colonial status was which made it 's economy flourish , not to say that ah was pushing serbia into dictatorship . 
  making of yugoslavia was a big mistake for serbs which basically pushed us into dictatorship , later in 29 even officially declaring it but before ww1 serbia was a democratic country with free press , free parliament , with freedom for sexual orientation , free education , and with the bad things like corruption and little bit of our rulers not giving their chairs . 
  i know , but while russia `` was n't '' watching both ah and serbia were extremely aggressive towards each other ( i did n't bash russia here if that 's what you meant ) . 
  serbia was simply pushing it 's own sovereignty out of the ah hands and ah was more and more aggressive into making serbia just another extension of ah . 
  serbs are slavicized balkanians , but generally are mostly dinaric then `` slavic '' because of high mixing with the slavic tribes but not the high levels like everyone thinks and then gypsies and local balkan tribes . 
  does it really fucking matter , the conflict between ah and serbia did n't start in the 1914 but in 1903 , ah almost declared war to serbia in the 1908 . 
  we did n't fight one oppressor just to be switched by the other nor that ah helped us much . 
  gavrilo did the bad thing but speaking of brave ah that did n't want to invade serbia and how we made them do that is revisionism . 
  and to every serb that criticizes russia and forgets to criticize britain and ah is one good paid motherfucker or brainwashed . 
   wwi would have been better off never happening , as we lost an extremely large portion of our male population now you are just speaking bullshit , if you like being german slave then fine , i for one would say fuck them . 
  the war would have happened sooner or later ( unless if 1903 never happened and serbs never wanted to fight against colonialism but after the nationalism rise it was really hard keeping it like that but they ruled us for like 100 years , generally much less because they did n't have much leverage except the military and economy threat ) , russia was even more than correct because they left serbia a couple of time to avoid conflict and ah would simply not stop ( neither would we fighting their colonialism ) . 
   never had bad relations with them stallin - tito supporting of bulgaria yeltsin was more european-leaning in the time of the yugoslav wars , armed croats , etc. 
   nor have they ever invaded or levied a tax upon us like the turks with bosna . 
  but generally you are right , we were never invaded by the russia and they supported us in a lot of bad situations like in ww1 and ww2 ( and the important thing is that we were not even allied with them ) edit : edited `` pro '' because russians neither supported nor were against serbs in yu wars, 
   history , yes , i 'm talking about right now . 
  we like making shit !, 
  serbian height is pushed down by the slavic lowlanders , i am slav also and live in the highlands but i am 192cm tall . 
  they did put sanctions . 
  the capital city of republika srpska is banja luka , next time you will know . 
  here 's the money , now show me the goods . 
  awesome , now they will buy same russian gas from the civilized europeans for a bigger price . 
  btw . 
  un investigation confirmed that kidnappings really happened , but too little evidence to link it to the big ones . 
  also their conclusion is interesting ( kosovo is one of the places with the biggest per resident peacekeeping deployment which is 1 soldier per 36 citizens and they still have over 200 non-resolved or 0 resolved cases of serb disappearances and killings for only 10 years , terrorist attacks excluded ), 
  and i thought that food in the serbian psychiatry was bad . 
  edit : was *, 
  plot twist , he was serb . 
  i 'd rather go with accepting the full savagery , the true nature of the serbs . 
  europe nowadays is just a term used for the cultural belonging , a place only reserved for the elite , throughout our history our elite was always trying to be accepted as european and only the anti-european savages survived . 
  white or not you will never be accepted as european . 
  also slavs are just mongols from the east . 
  only white people are european and you are not white . 
   serbian or european depending on the context . 
  yeah , nah , not really , serbs are not european, 
  mn and albania are under sanctions too . 
  ser and mac wo n't gamble . 
  on the positive side , you can sell your products to us . 
  sns managed to raise debt over 100 % for only 2 years . 
  funny thing , shit in ukraine is probably going to fuck up gas supply , our coal and power-plants are mostly underwater from these floods so yeah , they probably plan killing old people . 
  for those of you who do not know , arkan was controlled by our secret service which was ruled by the franko and jovica who were acquitted of all charges after cia gave their secret files . 
  i do n't think she stood a chance against milosevic . 
  like you never heard of our wahhabis . 
  yes they have their camps in serbia and yes we do n't want to get involved with them . 
  there is a difference between poland which is located in the ce and ukraine which is far in the east . 
  yes , all they need now is to find some sponsor who will pay for that ... dis gon b gud, 
   i mean paramilitary stuff . 
  chetniks fighting in the ukraine already passed military training because army was mandatory in their time ( most of the serbian paramilitaries are imprisoned , these chetniks were already in prison here ) . 
  wahhabies have their camps in serbia but we do n't touch them , fuck that , as long as they do n't attack us and attack us forces or someone else we are cool . 
  the ones fighting in the ukraine did finish their military training because serving was mandatory up to the generations born in 1990 . 
  we do n't have military , only about 11 000 soldiers and most of them being deployed by the nato ( csto never needed us ) , everyone else are cooks or in administration . 
  muslims are mostly trained in serbia but we do n't really want to get in conflict with them , as long as they do n't attack us they can kill whoever they like in world , it 's none of our business . 
  never change austria , never change . 
  i thought that it was downed by the rebels too but i wo n't go against malaysian news services and they told it was downed by the airplane . 
  that 's because russians are the bad guys , they shot down malaysian airplane ... oh , i forgot that it was air to air missile . 
  [ kapela/chapel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvp9uvlmpki ), 
  here is hard one : serbia/russia/belarus, 
   lake/mountain/ethno tourism ... mountains not so much but lakes kick ass . 
  armenian genocide is not genocide because it is n't even close to the shit nazis did to jews . 
   last paragraph about crimea is excuse which can repeat how many times you want it wont become accepted or truth . 
  last paragraph about crimea is true and no matter how much times you say that it is not it wo n't change the fact that a clear majority there is russian , send troops to crimea and see how happy they will be seeing ukrainian tanks . 
   that that is russian army/goverment is doing this shit , without any approval from ukraine , ukraine people or anybody else for that matter well fuck ukraine if they ca n't organize and give rights to minorities like in almost every other european country , if they ca n't accept that their country is divided then screw them , the ones in the east have full right to rebel . 
  also fuck eu , eu countries will always marginalize everyone they do n't like or the ones who are against their superstate interests , fuck russia and it 's imperialism , fuck usa and their imperialism , neo-colonialism , sponsored terrorism and pushing of other countries in war for their interests . 
   usa did n't want anything to do with the balkans . 
  and putin does n't want anything to do with ukraine , the ammo and weapons just came from the dimension x and were delivered to ukraine and yugoslav break-away regions by bebop and rocksteady, 
   if russia consisted of only russian immigrants in the usa or eu europe would n't be in this current mess and ukraine would be safe .
