  our economy depends on brussels , not belgrade , if tomorrow they decide to sanction us there is nothing we can do , take a look at [ http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hvzzd/78_of_young_people_want_to_leave_serbia/ckx0uqj] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hvzzd/78_of_young_people_want_to_leave_serbia/ckx0uqj ), 
  and that is somehow supposed to save us ? 
  we are losing our biggest growing export partner , nothing will save the collapse . 
  change how ? 
  more like 4 centuries later, 
  more money means more everything . 
  bear grills should come to serbia and try to survive with 200 euros a month . 
  burek and yogurt , the sole reason why i do n't want to fuck off from here . 
  better ask what 's good about living there ? 
   ( at least that 's definitely the case when it comes to swedes ) . 
  slavs are like the total opposite, 
  i ca n't believe that there are no serbian restaurants in austria . 
  yes , do you know that he is going to protect us also ? 
  czechia and slovakia a bit , austria and switzerland do n't have them . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_diaspora#mediaviewer/file:romani_population_average_estimate.png] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_diaspora#mediaviewer/file:romani_population_average_estimate.png ), 
  english language , but still serbs need visa for the uk and too much papers which is really pain in the ass so a lot of people from serbia are just avoiding it . 
  also i was joking , most of them go to germany and austria . 
  [ http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/83/serb_diaspora.png] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/83/serb_diaspora.png ), 
  at least serbs are n't escaping to catholic jamahiriya , it 's too religious even for them . 
  this is balkan , every 50 years there is some major war here . 
  do n't worry , war on the balkans will happen soon , no escape . 
  serbia is having free-trade with both eu and russia , does n't have `` full access '' but still a big one . 
  eu tried to put us into the situation where we choose only one , later changed their mind because serbia ca n't really damage eu and they would just push us into the bankruptcy which would make people mad . 
  everybody else says that they are not part of the balkans so we can say that we are not part of the europe . 
  it ca n't directly but most of the eu does what usa says so one of the things that was about to happen was sanctioning of serbia from eu countries too together with russia but changed their thoughts ( probably because they thought that it was too harsh ) now they just said that we `` need to send the right signal ''  also give serbia a far larger market than russia we already have pretty big access to the eu market . 
  usa is too strong to have anything against serbia but it still sees it as solution to some of it 's problems , usa can block islamization of bosnia by unitariazing bosnia ( 2 positive things , serbs would need to demand protection from the eu which means that the influence of russia will fall down while serbs will keep extreme islam at check and muslims will generally be more favorite of eu , the country would be even bigger shit than now and extremely unstable but it will keep west isolated from the balkan islam problems ) , trying to block free-trade between russia and serbia , sabotaging south-stream and other similar stuff . 
  then who else was liberating belgrade except yugoslav partisans , ukrainians and russians ? 
  to britain, 
  there is no love and hate in the international relations , only interest and we already know us policies which makes our countries enemies . 
  joking with nukes aside there are things in foreign us policies which i understand but all these things you can watch from different perspectives . 
  but the thing is that nobody likes to be at the end of the gun . 
  it 's logical for serbia to be afraid of the west and usa when lives of 1 500 000 people depend from their decisions just as ukraine or even baltics are afraid of russia . 
  liberation of the belgrade was fought together with the russians and ukrainians but you are right yugoslavia mostly liberated itself without anyone . 
  while one goes into the dusk the other one goes into the dawn . 
  that 's what i was always telling , the europeans are the same scum they just happen to belong to a place with more homogeneous culture so they think they are so special , liberal and what not . 
  human race is simply made of cave-dwelling vermin that still functions like nature made it , as the hunter-gatherers who were contesting with the other groups over the resources . 
  and while the technology made it so that big percent of world population has access to all the things the hate for different groups is still left in our nature . 
  well , what can i say : `` dok se jednom ne smrkne drugom ne svane '', 
  the people who post news about serbia are not the serbs so you better ask them , we know that we are not part of europe . 
  also the explanation , roma are mostly nomads who go from country to country . 
  now that balkan got visa-free access to the eu , they started moving to eu countries . 
  you probably mean roma , they are european natives ( they lived in europe for centuries ) mostly found in romania , serbia , hungary and bulgaria . 
  war and death stopped us , stopped germany , stopped japan , etc. 
  time for usa to finally feel it 's medicine on it 's own skin . 
  edit : feel *, 
  it 's the only way for the violence to stop in the world . 
  we would call westerners too but they were mostly killing us and others who were n't killing us did n't really help us . 
  and where the hell did you get that i idolize russia and that i support genocide ? 
  by the way you are right about me hoping for people to get nuked . 
  at least in the places with serbian majority , usa is killing children all around the world . 
  there were no serbian armies in afghanistan , we do n't push people who do n't want to go into the war . 
  we should remove copavog ( tito ) too and send him back to croatia . 
   how noble of you to volunteer other countries into war . 
  britain and usa are doing it all the time , check afghanistan also check pre-ww2 serbia , so i do n't give a fuck if usa ends nuked as long as it does n't touch us ( me ) . 
   look at it this way - worst case scenario , even if they do fuck everything up , at least the message they 're sending is correct , regarding economy and personal responsibility of individuals for their lives . 
  this sounds like : `` you have cancer but you learnt that you should value your life ''  compare that to governments in other yugoslav countries who are going to fuck everything up anyway , while convincing people that it 's the government 's job to make their lives better . 
  excluding croatia all other yugoslav countries are doing fine and better than serbia and even croatia managed to shove their shit up our throats . 
   all of your other complaints are still anecdotal at best . 
  so anecdotal that even osce got involved , you ca n't ignore that there is something really strange about shutting down of tv shows that questioned vucic some `` not so easy '' questions  there 's not enough wealth being generated in serbia - of course you 're going to go further into debt and get taxed higher . 
  where else is the money going come from ? 
  especially the amount of money needed to run such a huge welfare state where everything is `` free '' and the government directly or indirectly pays most salaries and all pensions . 
  except that it 's wrong , we were generating wealth up to 2014 . 
  now one may argue that we were giving credits to companies or that wealth was mostly eaten by corruption but if production did n't slow down then where the hell did the money go when the sns came ? 
  one explanation could be that it went to paying debts but debts are getting bigger and bigger so it 's not true . 
   nobody is trying to destroy russia . 
  and flying unicorns exist . 
  vucic and eu `` reforms '' pretty much pushed us into debt of over 60 % gdp . 
  a lot of television shows just went `` blackened '' , opposition is pretty much threatened with prison , us ambassador is bullshitting us how vucic is not becoming an autocrat , all taxes are going up ( vat especially ) together , while taxes are going up and prices too the wages and pensions are falling , floods were full of controversies with vucic using military vehicles to take pictures of himself and blocking army of using it to save lives , selling of kosovo and rs , failing to acknowledge that serbia is bankrupt , signing some shady deals and selling shit to germans and arabians without the tender ... should i go on ? 
  yes , all this liberalization , democracy and after 14 fucking years the serbs from bosnia who we call primitive and who bashed west whenever they could still have bigger wages and standard than us . 
  too bad we lack `` cojstvo i junastvo '' so that thing wo n't happen . 
  that thing will happen , german officials already said that serbia ca n't be accepted in the eu without the recognition , yet vucic 's politics are still somehow valid . 
  officially or not he ditched it , he already signed a deal where kosovo wo n't be blocked to enter any international institution , what 's more official than that . 
  by the look at the ukraine i 'd say there is pretty much big conflict , time for us to intervene . 
  he ditched kosovo , were you mountain serbs in the cave all this time ? 
  it 's not our conflict , i do n't care if usa and russia nuke each other out as long as they keep us out of their conflict . 
  then usa should attack russia without involving us others in their shit because russia breaks a lot of laws and does crimes against humanity . 
  never, 
  i sense new war . 
  it 's where it always was , just has german flag on it . 
  that 's it , attack russia with full force . 
  true that , people in the latest parliamentary elections knew their politics but people still voted for the `` borba protiv korupcije '' , `` bolji standard '' and similar shit which does n't have much to do with the eu , actually the campaign did n't really have anything to do with the eu . 
  serbian progressive party won it 's election by proposing much bigger euroskepticism than the ds . 
  also croatia was almost left out of the eu because they did n't have enough votes and had to change the referendum laws to enter eu . 
  i doubt that the love in serbia is bigger . 
  it will especially fall down after serbia joins against russia , joins with forces against jihadists , gets rid of rs ( that would be a really hard hit ) , gets rid of kosovo ( serbs do n't really care for this ) . 
  this is balkan afterall , nobody cares about rights here . 
  and thanks for tagging me , i feel like relevant now . 
  probably !, 
  serbs generally do n't really have anything against gays , dveri do but they never passed over the census , hooligans do but they will beat anyone even straight patriotic serbs for a stupid reason . 
  on the other hand there is big hate towards west here and serbs will beat anyone who puts them finger in the eye . 
  just because someone supports prides does n't mean that he supports west . 
   there are a thousand lbgt supporters in the rest of europe ready to speak on his behalf . 
  maybe if your , oh so liberal west did n't speak in their behalf they would n't get beaten . 
  if west wishes them good then why did they made them join things that do n't really have anything to do with lgbt rights like kosovo 2.0 and similar stuff ( actually do have but not so much ) . 
  you know why this gay pride passed without conflict ? 
  it 's because main lgbt organization finally pointed middle finger towards west and did the things their own way . 
  actually gay couples are allowed to get `` married '' but they ca n't adopt children which is one of the definitions of marriages . 
  son , nobody gives a fuck about eu here . 
  also sns the ruling party is probably at the top if you calculate it by gangsters per party . 
  there wo n't be right link .
