a da, 
  orthodox brotherhood, 
  slovenians died long time ago , there are only bosniaks and bosnian serbs there . 
  damn , bulgarians started smoking more than us , time to raise consumption . 
  also holy shit , while we cigarette consumption is going down ee is going up . 
  just some time ago bulgarians smoked 2700 and something . 
  we stood at the 2800 not going up or down . 
  there are eu researches how eu laws about tobacco consumption should be applied to serbia because we would create world war if they started banning . 
  i would like to quote him `` we 're not fascists . 
  we 're just chauvinists who hate croats . '', 
  looks good . 
  imagine the shock when they leak that eulex is the main heroin smuggler in the balkans . 
   1 : there is no country in eu that supports teaching in state school ins foreing languege , its nonsense that we have to stop finaly . 
  we should ban everything except serbian in our schools too . 
  you sir have an anal pain caused by the serbs , putting bw and ww1 in the same context is stupid . 
  bw were dirty and yes we did dirty shit , for ww1 some dude killed a heir to the throne and big country that was already oppressing small country declared a fucking war to that country for that reason . 
  and not to say that you blame serbia for changing it 's economic partners . 
  go suck a dick and start bullshitting to ukraine and their supporting american buddies because they are doing that right now . 
   are you on drugs ? 
  i am , you wan na try . 
  still serbs were the majority in bosnia before the reich tour and there were no german troops in bosnia ( there were but in really small number ) so serbs were probably committing mass suicide . 
   a ) you are allowed to hate and despise whoever and whatever you like . 
  but you will respect the state laws and borders no matter how much of a hissy fit you throw  first all peoples have the rights of self-determination . 
  by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic , social and cultural development , borders are just a tool for the oppression by the big ones . 
  second why should we respect the islamic laws and some son of fascist who wrote islamic declaration ? 
  there is only your laws which you try to push onto a third of a country that lived there for centuries , it 's fairly simple , bosniaks want bosnia but without serbs . 
  you are right but i spoke from the perspective of the average austrian citizen because a lot of them were caught in a war they did n't want , the ruling class is guilty . 
  first bosniaks became majority in bosnia through being naughty boys in ww2 so please stop about genocide bullshitting when you got bosnia through the same means . 
  but let 's get to now and the more important things , what the fuck do you want to do with 35 % of the population that despise you ? 
  ethnically cleanse them ? 
  oh i see , serbs never lived in bosnia , they just teleported there after bosnian independence and immediately started war . 
  that 's the view in the modern democracies but back then when somebody killed a top head countries would go to war ( except in serbia , when somebody kills a top head in serbia , serbs congratulate him and cheer because serbs always hated top heads ) . 
  it was much different time so austria is not that guilty looking from that perspective . 
   caused the ww1 and thus ww2 . 
  you forgot that we killed the dinosaurs . 
  your point being ? 
  yes , we traded one for the other , that was the point all along , we had things to sell and france had to secure sea access for the merchandise to which all the money went , they did it because of them . 
  you also forgot bulgaria and russia but even through france and russia were helping serbia none of them wanted to go into war with the ah which made serbia accept offers by germany , of course 5 years later after princip russia came to help , britain joined after the belgium . 
  we liked sucking austrian cock then some retard from the britain came and told us how sucking cock is not as good as it looks but even then we liked it , sucked it but little less and some retard 10 years latter shot some high official and austria got mad for that and because serbia generally stopped sucking cock . 
  true , i would like to see mn loose ulcinj . 
  and why should we care about this , they already took kosovo ? 
  hungarian fluently but does n't need to be a hungarian citizen . 
  only from the territories hungary ruled . 
   he has given voting rights to non-hungarian citizens but with hungarian descent bullshit , he gave to those who had one ancestor living on the territories of koh , does n't have to have hungarian descent . 
  same as vojvodina . 
  so what ? 
  if russia gave me loads of cash , i 'd really love that . 
  sns is the ruling party in serbia . 
  what the hell is `` movement for serbia '' ? 
  here where i live it can get up to -35 in the most extreme conditions , it 's usually about -15 degrees c, 
  there is also love for love , cheese only for the money . 
  and from where the fuck are we supposed to get the gas ? 
  us ambassador said that there is not much to worry because vucic did n't give a guarantee for the south stream . 
  basically there were talks according to him . 
  actually vucic planned rebalance of budget and probably thought that he will screw putin somehow , he made him a parade ... 
  actually it 's not relevant . 
  some government before this made a bad deal and sold oil company for much less than it 's worth to gazprom and now vucic is playing a retard not wanting to pay for the gas because of that . 
  as some serbs would say : `` ni kod babe nema dzabe ! '', 
  [ we do n't ] ( http://media.steampowered.com/steamcommunity/public/images/avatars/0d/0daae72707163639e3fa616597f58776e2f83e2e_full.jpg ), 
  [ it says 51 % are affirmative of eu ascension ] ( http://www.seio.gov.rs/news.101.html?newsid=1639 ), 
  short answer , there is no benefit for the eu if serbia joins nor is there benefit for serbia . 
   built heavy industry and caused heavy pollution and acid rain . 
  oh , please , there is no industry here , now the pollution impact in germany , france and god forbid denmark is far greater than in almost all ee countries . 
   they could n't have good medication excluding cancer treatments which are really expensive almost all the other things are accessible in the ee countries . 
   could n't afford to buy healthy western food what the fuck ? 
  so it 's only western food that is good ? 
  i guess russians who live in taiga , serbian and bosnian highlanders live over 90 years because they eat healthy western food . 
  they are to blame for the bad conditions in the hospitals ( but even that is questionable ) and people being poor , they are not responsible for the bad health habits . 
   in slovakia and serbia , they did iq tests of gypsy kids and got iq of around 70 . 
  your child would have an iq of 70 if he/she lived the life of an average gypsy . 
  they start smoking and drinking at really young age and live in really bad conditions . 
  the ones who do n't live in cherga are generally of normal intelligence ( serbia does n't have mandatory iq tests except for army but it 's only spatial tests so i doubt that they were ever tested ) . 
  i know 2 gypsies which were forcefully taken at the age of 4 and 6 from their parents because of domestic violence . 
  they were tested for iq because they showed signs of retardation and had iq of 82 and the other was 80 i think . 
  when they hit puberty their iqs rose up , and their height is much bigger now , about 190cm , compared to their biological family , they were small compared to other children before puberty . 
  i wonder how we live 10 years longer while we do have same bad habits . 
  that 's bullshit , we were pig eaters long before the communism . 
  we smoke the most in the world but it is n't connected to the communism because even our diaspora smokes a lot . 
  also we were always drinking like crazy . 
  i am not chauvinistic towards vojvodjani , i do n't hate them or anything , i am pointing out that region which is culturally different from inner serbia is saying ( a good deal of politicians and some people ) how dodjosi and srbijanci are the source of every problem in vojvodina . 
  and the truth is that the number of hate crimes there is much bigger than south of sava . 
  which brings me to next thing , i do n't really care if vojvodina goes , i do n't want to live in the same country with people who think that we are the source of their problems . 
  it 's simple , there was not a single attack on the albanians in inner serbia . 
  pasztor , kostres and pajtic said that the main reason why this shit with burning happened is because of `` people who brought different cultural values to vojvodina '' and when asked why then inner serbia is peaceful they started speaking about how it 's vucic 's evil plan to come to power in vojvodina . 
  whole protest is in that tone , protests in vojvodina always have to do about srbijanci oppressing vojvodjani . 
  maybe if in vojvodina people organized children rallies about `` nice behavior '' would have more impact than all the political bullshits . 
  and i never said that i do n't condemn what our fans did in belgrade or in inner serbia . 
  bosniak - ethnic group bosnian - inhabitant of bosnia ( serb , croat , bosniak ) the same shit is with serbia serb - ethnic group serbian - inhabitant of serbia ( serb , bosniak , etc. ), 
   besides , an anti-fascism rally is never a bad thing . 
  it is when their main discussion is how serbia is evil and extremely xenophobic ( which is true but they are using it to move responsibility from them to the serbs from serbia which is bullshit ) while there was not a single attack on the albanians in inner serbia ( actually there was some dead drunk guy who threw a stone to bakery and fell asleep next to it ) even through the number of albanians is much much bigger in inner serbia compared to vojvodina . 
  hahahahaha ... 
  do n't worry we know who 's to blame for terrible things in these parts . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.vesti-online.com/data/images/2013-11-21/371931_aleksandar-vucic--fonet-marko-misic-1_f.jpg?ver=1388217368 ), 
  depends on what conditions , how can you know if it 's good if you do n't know conditions ? 
  what an ugly fuck, 
   it 's not that europeans or even european governments are okay with dictatorship in serbia how about you ask for the documents some german company that is located in serbia , italian one , austrian one or maybe even russian one ( but we are speaking about eu now so let 's disregard russia for the moment ) . 
  i guess the answer of the eu officials would be `` this is all good for serbia because we say so '' . 
  also eu & usa officials were first to bullshit us how vucic is the best thing that happened to serbia and how he is not becoming dictator before he started turning to russia . 
  but that was true , eu and usa do n't give a fuck if the guy is dictator as long as he is doing their shit , they do n't give a fuck about democracy if it goes against their interests . 
  [ i mean check this idiotic statement ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2013&amp;mm=09&amp;dd=13&amp;nav_id=753113 ) it 's the same guy ( vucic ) not so long ago that was censoring everything .
