  censorship started the first day sns came on the power and back then it did n't have anything to do with russia , shit like feketic and similar stuff , also the hard censorship of opposition before that . 
  i do n't think it has to do with russia , censorship was here long before `` turning to russia '' and parade . 
  this is all about vucic and staying on the top and him moving closer to russia will mean that eu and usa would want him gone and giving that our economy mostly depends on the eu you can guess that he will be more eu oriented . 
  the purpose of the last things with russia was that he failed to bring 3 things , he gave kosovo , blocked rs and accepted idiotic `` reforms '' of the pension fund ) , his last fail would have been sanctioning russia and getting nothing in return which would mean instant fall of the standard and country going bankrupt . 
  he simply failed in everything except `` getting closer to eu '', 
   the obrenovic dynasty allied themselves with the austro-hungarian empire , while the karadjordjevici allied themselves with russia . 
  in the end it was still britain that organized coup and put karadjordjevici into power . 
  russia joined the banter later when shit hit the fan . 
  i do n't know why they insist that russians were the main allies to the karadjordjevici . 
  but that 's where all the fun comes from , like in dinamo - zvezda, 
  wait till we go vojvodina , sandzak , presovo , medvedja plenty more of land to give, 
  nebojsa stefanovic is probably the biggest idiot we have , he is just slina and podguzna muva !, 
  i do n't hate my neighbors either but i would like to see them removed . 
  for those tl ; dw , everyone dislikes russia, 
  they are full of separatists . 
  like i said that 's the good thing but it 's only reserved to countries near the big 4 , italy , germany , france , uk , others are just destined to eat shit their whole life excluding scandinavia , nobody cares about that frozen place . 
  the only way you are going to prosper today is if you are insignificant and not on some `` road '', 
  eu is not a charity organization so there would be no fixing of bad politics in enlargement countries as long as it 's not good for both eu countries and enlargement country . 
  i approve , fuck bosnia and srem, 
  typical milogorac, 
  that 's actually the things which were added to list we can export to russia , excluding heavy equipment which we already had the right . 
   macedonians are pretty friendly with albania and kosovo . 
  on the paper , irl when the shit hits the fan it would be worse than kosovo, 
  well some people do but most people do n't care , a lot of people would even let it go just so that they do n't live in the same country with albanians . 
  funny westerners , nobody in serbia gives a fuck about kosovo , the only thing we do this is because we like to troll west . 
  why do you think we did n't condemn russian taking of crimea ( actually we did but only because west insisted and threatened ) . 
   i 'm curious , what have they given up culturally to improve their eu prospects ? 
  nothing really ( as far as i know ) . 
   i 'm curious what the serbian public will support ; integration east or west . 
  for that we will need a referendum . 
  but serbian officials like dacic said that it was rama who controlled it and medias just passed that . 
   this is hurting your chances of eu membership greatly i think that parade was the whole point of it . 
  he did n't say anything still . 
  he guaranteed for the guests in the vip, 
  [ dacic stands behind his words that it was brother of pm that flew the drone ] ( http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2014&amp;mm=10&amp;dd=15&amp;nav_category=11&amp;nav_id=911713 ) . 
  all government is standing behind that . 
  edit : he also said that one of the main responsibilities for the incident holds michael devenport ( actually he said eu ambassador , did n't call him by the name ), 
  actually that was really creative thing , it was our fault for acting like savages after that and falling for the provocation . 
  he did n't have diplomatic passport but he had a `` silent '' diplomatic protection and immunity . 
  dacic told today that rama was forbidden to enter vip section but was let in because eu diplomats demanded . 
  for it to be more funny he has diplomatic passport and ca n't be imprisoned . 
  all this is getting from funny into funnier . 
  i see that usa is modernizing albanian army , i mean drones and that shit , 
  somebody do that [ architect ] ( http://fishbowl.pastiche.org/archives/pictures/matrix-architect.jpg ) from matrix with tijanic 's face, 
  scene from `` srecni ljudi '' , ooooooh god , my eyes hurt , somebody kill me please !, 
  media is in the pocket of the eu ( not entirely but eu influences it ) , vucic started pressuring media darkness long before this shit with utisak happened but back then he was the emperor of the galaxy destined to save the world and serbia . 
  how come the world media started to pay attention to media darkness in serbia right now as the bans were n't happening before . 
  not so long ago eu was shouting how vucic is not autocrat , how he is the best thing that happened to serbia and now when he said that he will not sanction russia he is suddenly a demon that should die . 
  aaaaaaaaaa cut the crap , we all had buttsex in the ww2 . 
  albanian troops were deployed deep in the serbia . 
  also there was repression of the serbs in albania . 
  we all did shit in the balkans , some more , some less , some had the opportunity while the others did n't , some got lucky ( check under croatia ) , etc. 
   second , no , you can not take a minor ( let alone child ) and go abroad , because , apart from the fact that this alone is illegal already but you said it 's not illegal , i said that if you took a child non-violently ( let 's go to the sea , or to math classes ) there is no law that can stop the child abduction because kid can easily say that it 's the thing he/she wants . 
   the minor of course needs a passport to travel as well . 
  which is something he or she wo n't carry with him . 
  child finding passport and taking it is not that hard . 
  i am not blaming albanian fans ( i actually blame serbs here but i did n't explicitly said that so here it is ) but serbian police ca n't protect albanian fans if they do n't follow strict rules from the serbian police . 
  now i do n't know if there is some secret deal by the fss and uefa , or if albanians want to be protected but news are lying , i just commented on the thing that says in the text . 
   religious coexistence is the one thing that makes the people of this country proud and you try to take that away actually that 's the thing i like about balkans and that 's the thing which makes it so beautiful but it 's also what makes balkan so fucked up . 
   i do n't think being ethnically diverse is the real problem though , the problem is that young people are still being taught with irredentism and it forms the false idea that if you unite all serbs , albanians or whatever into one , your nation is gon na be glorious . 
  that 's what i wanted to say , nations are alien things on the balkans and there will be ethnic cleansing as long they exist . 
  and the cultural borders are beyond fucked up , just take for example language : croats from the north-west and croats from the south do n't understand each other , serbs in the west and serbs in the east do n't understand each other , while serbs in the west and croats in the south understand each other almost perfectly . 
  it 's the never-ending cycle in the balkans . 
  balkans is most multicultural , liberal and technically advanced in it 's most primitive form , the birth of nations and the idea of the nationhood like in the western countries is what brought it to the collapse . 
  kosovo having stripey demographic structure , albanians living from albania all the way to bulgaria , serbs living from serbia all the way to croatian sea also having little bit look of stripey on demographic structure of bosnia , bosniaks who live in the sandzak ( where i live ) are surrounded by all sides from the serbs , albanians being divided on tosks and ghegs and being of 3 different religions also having serbs near the shkoder , bulgarian having turks . 
  and somebody is supposed to fix all this , it wo n't happen any time soon unless we start killing each other . 
  i know that we never banned opposing fans from coming as long as they are in the escort by the serbian police , not even in football match between cr and sr or in handball match between sr and cr . 
  but 1500 is too much for that , we can protect up to 200 people . 
  it does but the uefa worked like this for long when it comes to balkan countries , banning only opposing fans . 
  still i think that only croatia ever requested that for serbian fans after the waterpolo incident , serbia always let fans of the opposing team who signed for the protection with serbian police , basically escort by the serbian police . 
  check  since albanians did not want to deliver a list of names of supporters , although it is in accordance with the rules of uefa . 
  it 's not that simple [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_european_men's_handball_championship#incidents] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_european_men's_handball_championship#incidents ) shit happens , it 's better if there are no fans from the opposing team in both albania and serbia, 
  jebi ga , we are trying to fix things, 
  albanian fans do n't want to comply to protection therefore serbia ca n't guarantee for their security . 
  that 's the answer i wanted not the answer about passport because those are two different documents . 
  damn , so i can take every child born in the eu ( if it 's done non-violently ) and go with him to some other country where i can take his organs out . 
  now that explains why a lot of serbs living abroad in the eu told me that they had culture shock when they found that parents wait for their children after school long after the first grade . 
  thanks, 
  look at my posts . 
  [ http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/;elx_sessionid=dvkmj6ntthgbb1qsnpt4htl04qg2hryq02dzj8b3vlhctv6sjjvp!1900495973?uri=celex:32006r0562] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/;elx_sessionid=dvkmj6ntthgbb1qsnpt4htl04qg2hryq02dzj8b3vlhctv6sjjvp!1900495973?uri=celex:32006r0562 )  6 . 
  minors  6.1 . 
  border guards shall pay particular attention to minors , whether travelling accompanied or unaccompanied . 
  minors crossing an external border shall be subject to the same checks on entry and exit as adults , as provided for in this regulation . 
  in the case of accompanied minors , the border guard shall check that the persons accompanying minors have parental care over them , especially where minors are accompanied by only one adult and there are serious grounds for suspecting that they may have been unlawfully removed from the custody of the person ( s ) legally exercising parental care over them . 
  in the latter case , the border guard shall carry out a further investigation in order to detect any inconsistencies or contradictions in the information given . 
  in the case of minors travelling unaccompanied , border guards shall ensure , by means of thorough checks on travel documents and supporting documents , that the minors do not leave the territory against the wishes of the person ( s ) having parental care over them . 
  edit : also you did n't read whole 14th and 15th page of the document i linked, 
  [ http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/documents/policies/borders-and-visas/general/docs/final_report_home-2010-ebfx-pr-1001_pdf.pdf] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/documents/policies/borders-and-visas/general/docs/final_report_home-2010-ebfx-pr-1001_pdf.pdf ) page 14 and 15, 
   it apparently is in some countries . 
  among them is serbia , but austria does not seem to be too concerned about teenageres flying alone . 
  [ you are wrong ] ( http://www.abriggs.com/high_level/fer_a/austria_fer.php )  in an effort to prevent international child abduction , many governments have initiated special procedures at entry/exit points . 
  these often include requiring documentary evidence of relationship to the person traveling with the child and permission for the child 's travel from the parent ( s ) or legal guardian not present . 
  having such documentation on hand , even if not required , may facilitate entry/departure . 
  please refer to traveling with children for detailed information, 
   they are thought to have travelled to turkey and then to have crossed the border into syria , having become radicalised after attending a local mosque in vienna and reading about jihad on the internet . 
  are you stupid or an idiot ? 
  underage kids ca n't leave the country without the consent of their parents , also they need to be in a guidance by the 18 + years old person so parents need to sign that they give the right to specific person to guard their children . 
   they were just two teenage girls going to turkey on vacation . 
  they are underage , they need a signature from their parents to leave the country . 
  edit : and do n't forget the stamp from the authorities,
