  and please can you tell germans to remove their ambassadors from our country ( we will give them vucic and nikolic for free , usa and germany pays them after-all , it just makes money travel further to them ), 
  no serbian jna soldiers but arsk was there the whole time . 
   just did the serbs a favor , did n't they ? 
  not really , it sure made our airplanes ( which we did n't have ) not fly . 
  gambling would have been idiotic against that ( we still took off with our airplanes against nato , not a single airplane had a functioning radar so we pretty much got fucked up good ), 
  it 's time for retribution . 
  yes and no , there is a big rusyn minority here so positive . 
  also we thought of them as just the another `` orthodox '' country . 
  there was some involvement of the ukrainians on croatian side in the sr-hr conflict ( i think that they even gave s-300 to the croats ) but nothing serious . 
  also you can count the number of chetniks there on the fingers . 
  it mostly depends on rasim ljajic making law to ban fighting in the conflict abroad . 
  second guy from the right , is that sickle ? 
  our government is detaining them from time to time , keeps albanian villages under patrol , a clear police state , beats them , etc. 
  but they are in the state of fear from our government ( from serbs too ) , so yes , they are persecuted . 
   parading pows and washing streets afterwards , performing mock executions and putting them online , denying ( keyword ) that they shot down a civilian airliner and then fabricating stories that the enemy did it , making ground incursions into nations and then denying that this is occurring , annexing territory of sovereign nations . 
  i 'm not sure i would call that equally bad . 
  yeah , right !, 
  c'mon , you know that we are assholes towards gypsies and albanians , even to gays and other minorities . 
  yes , only that people from the balkans actually need asylum . 
   the core european value is solidarity . 
  not really , no !, 
  [ the most famous one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocw3fbqpqku ), 
  that was probably his plan all along the shit started even on crimea . 
  he does n't need the land but ukraine as a buffer state to nato . 
  join their army as a volunteer . 
  \\  canada teaching us about revolutions, 
  i heard the demand for `` paprika u pavlaci '' exploded , the thing that russians do n't even know that it exists . 
  comparing copenhagen and moscow is stupid . 
  one is a city with 13 million people while the other does n't even have million . 
  edit : does n't even have *, 
  news do n't know shit about the balkans as much as the others , for example majority thinks that serbians fought against bosnians in yu wars while it was bosnians fighting bosnians with a little bit of serbians and croats from croatia . 
  they fail to realize that both serbian and bosnian denotes the inhabitant of the region/country, 
  technically the news were right , he was killed by the serbian ( srbijanac ) , they did n't say serb ( srbin ) . 
  and how the fuck did they know that it was the serb who shot them ? 
  serbs are probably black or asian so it 's easy to recognize them . 
  maybe they glow in the dark . 
  i do n't know if the serb or albanian killed him but seriously , being killed by serbian military deep in the territory controlled by the nato with one of the biggest deployments in the world ( 1 soldier per 36 citizens ) especially now when eulex streghtened borders after the killing of our cop which these guys are saying sounds like bull-fucking-shit . 
  to me it seems like they know who killed them and just made diversion so that they can do the hakmarrja right , maybe they are involved in some criminal activities . 
  or they could have been killed by someone who guarded forest ( serb or albanian ) , or maybe even eulex because they strengthened border patrols . 
  because the story of serbian super-soldiers walking around nato forces unseen is more realistic . 
  do it as soon as possible , i 'd buy as much as i can . 
  because i am muslim ? 
   montenegro supplying mraps ? 
  they 'd give that but somebody would need to pick it up , they are to lazy to send it . 
  it 's just a favor back . 
  is bosniak-serb considered as interracial ? 
  seriously , where are cameron and hollande ? 
  somebody believed the eu that it would end different ? 
  there is no definitive definition of the word `` terrorism '' . 
  the term is so broad that you can easily call him terrorist . 
  [ http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2etfny/serbian_policeman_killed_on_border_with_kosovo/] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2etfny/serbian_policeman_killed_on_border_with_kosovo/ ), 
  you 'd be surprised what a couple of led diodes can do , it 's indistinguishable from a miracle . 
  edit : and few crystals, 
  aid is not bad and while i do n't really need it it 's ok to have it , but the big question is if we really like the eu . 
  if somebody asked me if i want for my country to go to the eu the answer would be no ( but i 'd vote yes because i do n't really want to watch the guys that killed a cop today become `` freedom fighters '' with nato equipment that was teleported to them by the aliens . 
  the main reason why ukrainians are just idiots is that they have done the thing we wo n't do , they said no ) . 
  i do n't need aid . 
   eu development funds eu development funds are fairy tales . 
  also funds need to come from somewhere , overall net gain is not big . 
   would you like to live in a civilized country where you have rule of law , and corrupt politicians and people ( regardless of how rich they are ) actually go to prison ? 
  writing and enforcing laws is n't dependable of the eu , actually eu is the main problem and reason of the lack of transparency in serbia after our politicians of course . 
  i find changing of election programs in our political parties after winning election and general `` eu '' approval of that heavy meddling into democracy and sovereignty of country . 
   why would you deny that to ukrainians ?!, 
  they have the right to decide their own future . 
  you ass-hole . 
  ukrainians have the right to choose whatever they want but they should be ready to bleed , freedom does n't come cheap and only the few have it in this world . 
  they are also stupid ( probably the only ones who are more stupid than serbs in europe ) , they should have fought for the freedom and they just chose to switch one big brother with the other . 
  germany is located in the center of the eu so mostly trades and surrounds a big chunk of eu countries . 
  it has influence in the north , east , west and south . 
  eu knew quiet well what will happen if it pushes ukraine into confrontation with russia without looking for other solutions , no matter how big dick russia was , eu 's ( as are russian ) aggressive expansionist politics lead to escalation so fuck eu !, 
  it 's the same shit , the only differences are gradients . 
  no it will not , ukraine is not their priority , they were more interested in destabilizing it than integrating it in the eu . 
  sorry ukraine but time for you to get gangbanged by the eu and russia . 
  what is that white which is not water , russia and not russia ? 
  no man 's land that everyone can walk or something that russians can invade ? 
  unlike the usa we do n't have laws against terrorism so it does n't really matter . 
  they were armed robbers yesterday , today they are terrorists because they target people for goals of scaring them ( if you go by this definition of terrorism : `` common definitions of terrorism refer only to those violent acts that are intended to create fear ( terror ) '' ) . 
   ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ) ( inserbia.info ), 
  vucic is in germany right now , i wonder if he will protest to frau merkel or he will just play cool and bullshit us here in serbia how he did n't hear the news . 
  we had 3 coups in our past , all 3 times the consequences were devastating , so you could say that we have experience . 
  and what the fuck did you expect , for west to get involved ? 
  we passed that same road so many times and the end was always dark . 
  you gon na win the same way we won against nato . 
  a boy that shouted `` wolf !, 
  bordered by ukraine and romania , why do you think they have disputed territories with russia, 
  even if i told police , they would do nothing because serbian law does n't treat fighting in other countries as a criminal offense . 
  however our minister rasim told that he will change that law so that mercenaries are punished . 
  oh c'mon , serbian police and us secret service know everything what 's happening in np and sjenica , why should i care to report neighbors that are ok people . 
  when you take credit card in the bank you need to sign some shit that your info is going into usa , all of our schools send data about pupils to us embassy and then somebody tells me that sjenica is not under heavy supervision . 
  that 's not much , i ca n't even pay drzavna inspekcija with that money . 
  police probably already knows . 
  why would you give a fuck , i know some guys who went to syria and seriously do n't give a fuck . 
  the title is not wrong but it 's misleading . 
  vucic actually said that he will impose restrictions on `` serbia taking russian market from the eu '' . 
  the title is just bullshit propaganda from the eu . 
  i still wonder why the fuck we need vucic and government when everything eu said was accepted , we would at least need less money without government . 
  even the text notes a couple of things :  vucic said his government will accept eu 's demands not to additionally subsidize those exports to russia , but will not prevent serbian companies from making new deals . 
   the eu said friday it welcomes that `` serbia will not increase the state support for its exports to russia . '', 
   `` we welcome the attention the serbian government pays to this issue and we appreciate the constructive approach as announced by prime minister vucic , '' the european commission said in a statement . 
  edit : grammar,
