  i do understand that you alpine-jews are jewing out and do n't want to pay security at the borders but seriously wtf do the liberties have to do with border guards doing their job ? 
  eu border control simply sucks if jihadists managed to smuggle 2 little girls . 
  note : jews are cool people and i like having sex with both sexes , males and females . 
  / r/europe in a nutshell, 
  i agree with that , also it tells that eu border control is bad if underage kids got out without a signature from their parents , even serbia and russia function better when it comes to that . 
  those who identify as religious , if you calculated as the active church goers ee is even more atheistic . 
  just enter `` importance of religion per country '' in google . 
  it is not , you really think that baltics , russia and belarus are religious ? 
  it could be explanation for serbia , romania or slovakia but even serbia has much bigger number of non-believers . 
  for ex-yu the most religious croatia and macedonia are ironically the most liberal when it comes to gay rights . 
  actually it does n't follow that rule , croatia , poland and greece are religious compared to the countries east of them . 
  edit : even spain and austria are much more religious than countries from the ee, 
  [ of course they are converts , serb converts . 
  ] ( http://www.banjaluka-info.com/images/stories/vijesti/seselj.jpg ), 
  bearded guys !, 
  they are hot !, 
  i still wonder why the fuck lgbt community in serbia still did n't request same sex unions when nobody is going to oppose them , even our far-right dveri said that they support that . 
  looks like lgbt community and even our politicians are too lazy to write some standard union law . 
  bosnia does n't have muslim majority if you calculate from the whole country ( bosnia is majorly christian country , they have majority if you calculate orthodox and catholic as separate religions ) , they do however have majority as the biggest ethnic group . 
  it 's pretty much recognized . 
  montenegro was bombed by the nato, 
  montenegro will join nato even if the majority is against it . 
  that would never happen . 
  nato countries will enter before us , wo n't happen the other way around . 
  you already know that , first we go bomb some people hidden in the sand and then usa says how we are nice people and sends recommendations to the eu countries . 
  you are welcome here , we need more competition we will buy gas from anyone who can sell it for competitive price . 
  but if you ca n't then please do n't bullshit us with idiotic articles like usa , eu officials and croatia do , like `` we want to sell you but we wo n't because you like russians '' . 
  there was some public talk in serbia where eu officials from energy sector were guests and they said something in the lines like `` do n't buy gas from russians , they are evil , we will sell you gas '' and then someone from audience asked `` is that also russian gas ? '', 
  you wan na say that it collapsed because of some other problem ? 
  slovenians only cared about their jobs and family in the yugoslavia too . 
   what if eu would just talk to their own member states bg , hu and at ? 
  and what if they could just ask germany to stop buying gas from russia ? 
  russians are not earning anything with ss nor will they earn in another 5 years . 
  not to say that they need to pay billions of dollars since serbia and bulgaria do n't want to pay for it ( which is logical because we do n't earn from it and we also do n't have money ) . 
  why should we get in conflict with russia when that thing with ukraine is not our war and it 's not like we have any other option of getting gas except from russia . 
  we are not croatia to have gas in the sea and even croatia has to buy gas from russia because there is no other option . 
  germany on the other hand has other options . 
  people will always choose corrupted politicians of their own ethnicity over the other corrupted politicians . 
  it 's not like bosniak politicians are any better and they would probably steal a lot from serbs so it 's logical for serbs to look for the secession . 
  i mean it 's how the yugoslavia collapsed . 
  actually it will , serbs and bosniaks simply ca n't function together , they have different interests . 
   this kind of idiocy will just drive states like serbia towards russia . 
  that would n't happen even if we were pro-russian , just like it wo n't happen for georgia to be aligned with the eu . 
  ukraine is possible but given that eu and usa do n't give a fuck about ukraine , ukraine wo n't benefit from switching sides and will just eat itself . 
  do n't worry , you will get the gas through the north , it 's just that it would be the same russian gas only more expensive , you know somebody has to give money to our overlords . 
   resistance is futile , you will be assimilated . 
  that 's what ah thought, 
  wow , it was like 10 people there . 
  and you believe that shit ? 
  we just wait for the referendum , it 's the best poll out there . 
  we are part of nato/pfp , luckily they are not shooting anyone now , i think they are located in car now . 
  wannabe dictator and gravedigger, 
  they are deployed through the nato so yeah , they use that ammunition to shoot people . 
   i am happy that our army is n't using those bullets . 
  why not ? 
  ammunition from prvi partizan is of world class . 
  ammunition from the ussr is probably usable so it 's sold like that on the black market . 
  it 's balkaninsight , of course the text would be about serbia , other countries are not located on the balkans . 
  twice upon a time there was a country called yugoslavia . 
  it made us look at any unions with a dose of suspicion . 
  sure , croatian buddy ... [ here ] ( http://www.voxeurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/3826041-croatia-responsible-crimes-during-bosnian-war ), 
  well ukraine has much bigger of cossacks on it 's territory than 144 that came to bosnia . 
  i do n't see much people dying from spewing shit . 
  that 's true , but we knew from the beginning that these people ca n't be linked with serbia as a whole mainly because even usa did same shit on even bigger scale . 
  also we could have been linked to the aggression but usa gave documents that our high command were cia operatives so that 's how all the claims of serbia being involved in aggression fell . 
  because when you are fucked 3 times in last 100 years you damn realize that you should look at what happened in the past . 
  edit : in 100 years *, 
  and you forgot the protests in belgrade after pavle made a deal with hitler . 
  edit : a protest that later costed us over half a million of lives, 
  there were fighters from serbia but the big majority was from bosnia so in some way it was civil war , even icty said so . 
  rs was under sanctions from serbia , also the only country found guilty for aggression in the yu wars was croatia . 
  watch out , these cossacks can fly and can shoot missiles out of their mouths . 
  they are also invincible . 
  that europe must sound like utopia . 
  after ww1 when we started entering into dictatorship we started hating gays and to 70-es we started liking gays again and then the 90s happened so we hate gays again . 
  this is even better than serbian nationalistic turbo folk, 
  we know that feel , we successfully cleansed our 2nd biggest national minority after albanians from serbia . 
  edit : considering that albanians are gone with kosovo then it would be the biggest national minority in serbia edit2 : oluja was probably a bad karma for that, 
   we were lucky the serbs left after operation storm . 
  `` left '', 
  a country is extremely divided with 2 groups hating each other to the guts , there is 37 % of serbs living there , even have own entity called rs with serb majority . 
  serbs generally do n't like bosniaks and want to separate from them . 
  the main group are bosniaks with 47 % mostly living in the fbih , they want to make whole bosnia unitary so basically they want the territories of the rs but since they do n't really like serbs you can guess how it will look . 
  there is 3rd group , the croats but they are pretty much irrelevant now ( ok , maybe a little since croatia is in the eu ), 
  bosnia is the failed country and experiment . 
  now has a terminal illness and the only reason why that patient is kept alive is because western doctors are too afraid to turn off the oxygen supply from machines . 
  you can love it or hate it but it 's the truth . 
  do n't worry slovakia , germany will sell it to you . 
  that 's definitely the thing i would n't step on unless i wear boots . 
  you have to think something better than that , we should give you burek , just throw it on the ground and the ground will become oily and slippery . 
  how are you going to protect them ? 
  jumping with your ass on their rockets ? 
  i am proud , i passed doom 1 and 2 , made a lot of shit from lego . 
  you are not proud ? 
  why not be proud ? 
  technically , balkan countries and russia have more multicultural laws than big majority of eu countries . 
  there should be a little more force in the implementation of the laws in russia and little less on the balkans but it works fine . 
  i live in a place where the serbs are minority and it happened so many times to me that i get documents on bosniak language ( for which i do n't really care , it 's the same shit as serbian ) , my girlfriend is not a serb . 
  lgbt rights are non-existent but if we had 'em 100 years ago what makes you think that we wo n't implement 'em again ? 
   but when statistics show a skewed intolerance for non-serbs aaaah , screw you , you do n't know nothing about balkan countries .
