  there are people , like timo soini , who have drank the krugman koolaid , they think ( and thought back in 2011 ) that grexit would be eventually good for greece . 
  just like quite a number of greeks here . 
  it would not hurt soini 's numbers in polls , either . 
  that part was already drafted , debated and passed in 2012 ? 
   the choice is simple : greece either becomes a debt colony and completely gives up its sovereignty or it gets kicked out of the euro . 
  i think it 's obvious which of the two i support you wanted the german wirtschaftswunder ? 
  you get the wirtschaftswunder , starting with the complete loss of sovereignty . 
   there is no defined legal way to leave emu of course there is . 
  greece can leave eu and then re-apply . 
  most of those are just cheese slicing . 
  and those tax collection reforms - what has changed ? 
  the tax colloection has been reformed every year , and every year the oecd report says they need through reform . 
   maybe finns should ask their government how did greece end up `` owing finland '' ? 
  this was the question for the previous elections in 2011 ; soini refused to be part of the coalition that financed greece . 
  in these elections all the parties except ex-commies were againt giving more loans to greece . 
  there are people on / r/europe that have looked nice graphics that show that greece has implemented reforms faster than anyone in oecd . 
  there are also people who have looked more graphics from the same report . 
  they show that greece is still way behind other oecd countries . 
  and then there are people who have read the oecd report on greek reforms . 
  greek shops can be open for 7 sundays a year . 
  minimum wage has been lowered . 
  that is the extent of the reforms that are actually done . 
  there is plenty of frameworks and planning and matrix organizations , of course , and tax collecting has been reformed every and each year . 
  everything else is just cost cutting - cheese slicing as we say in finland . 
   the imf has been requesting a debt haircut since the original bailout in 2010 . 
  until the referendum last week , germany had outright denied out this possibility . 
  imf can give a haircut to their debts without consulting anyone in germany . 
  germany hardly has enough votes in imf to prevent such haircut . 
  but if imf wants someone else to do the haircut , not themselves , they have not paid the attention . . 
  having an speedy and predictable justice system , reducing the red tape with exports and imports , removing licensing requirements for many professions and industries , actually collecting taxes . 
  that is for starters , and perhaps having shops open for 7 more sundays ? 
  just like insurance ? 
  your expected value from insurance is negative . 
  american politicians are honest . 
  once you buy them , they stay bought . 
   there is a specific amount of licenses available to practice those professions . 
  for instance , you want to open a rental car shop in x city . 
  if there are many there already - the licenses would have been given - and you would n't be able to open such a shop . 
  can you sell your license to someone else in greece ? 
   the eu 's mistake was to break the no-bailout clause in 2010 , which forbids bailing out other countries . 
  eu did not bail out greece , euro zone countries did . 
  do you seriously think that lisbon agreement prohibited countries from giving each other money ? 
  that was a feature , not a bug . 
  greedy politicians wanted to have cheap loans , cheaper than they should have been , so they fudged with the risk factors in basel regulation . 
   the united states and the soviet union negotiated an agreement where that agreement was negotiated ? 
  who negotiated it ? 
  where we can find the text of this agreement or mou ? 
   the first one was to miss the transition from feature phones to smartphones . 
  first nokia smartphone came out in 1996 . 
  nokia problem was that they were ahead of their times , they removed the touch-screen functionality from the symbian s60 smartphones which came out in 2002 . 
  that was because touch screens sucked at that time , you had use stylus . 
  smartphones sold so well in 2000s that nokia management got scared shitless , they were afraid that a better smartphone would cannibalize symbian sales even after iphone had made its debut . 
  nobody wanted to be the man that killed the cash cow . 
  so the board had to hire a torpedo from microsoft to do the dirty work . 
  the greeks did not want to loan from market because they were too expensive . 
  the median income is very low compared to mean income in greece . 
  of course , greece is still pretty rich country , especially compared to eastern europe . 
  i 'm sure all ez countries will be happy to send an occupation force to help . 
  why not , greece will be paying their expenses . 
   seemingly leaves enough room for the penetrator to be the victim any convictions ? 
  i recall sweden had a case with oral sex with male victim in 1990s , do you have similar cases ? 
  in finland , even if wording left amply room for the penetrator to be the victim , courts declared that a forced oral sex was not rape , in other words , only the penetrator had sexual contact with penetrated , not vice versa . 
  the definition was clarified last year . 
  i must admit that eurozone would have hard time to keep straight face if putin signs a check of 2.000.000.000.000 rub to tsipras . 
  krugman conveniently believes anything that imf produces that agrees with his thinking and disbelieves everything that contradicts it . 
  the median income is very low , but that is partially because the tax evasion a very large fraction of greeks do not declare their true income . 
  eurozone can but cheer when obama repudiates the eurozone policy and signs a check of $ 50.000.000.000 to tsipras . 
  according to oecd country report , the most concrete greek reform was allowing shops to keep their doors open for 7 sundays a year . 
   recessions are solved through stimulus . 
  there was a price tag attached to both stimulation and austerity . 
  nothing prevented greece from stimulating , they chose austerity . 
   what i 'd like to know is why out of all those people , 75 % are men . 
  because they are most vulnerable ? 
  ever heard of srebrenica ? 
   are there countries that exclude them in their definition ? 
  england and wales , for instance ? 
   the dutch definition certainly is n't gender-specific either . 
  according to dutch definition , can penetrator be the victim and and penetratee the criminal , like in most rapes of men ? 
  the [ actual criminal code ] ( https://lagen.nu/1962:700#k6p1s1 ) is pretty much [ like in finland ] ( https://www.finlex.fi/sv/laki/ajantasa/1889/18890039001#l20 ) ( note that our legal swedish has been developing separate since 1809 ) . 
  finnish definition is even a bit broader ( allvarlig r\u00e4dsla v. r\u00e4dsla ) . 
  the swedish [ criminal statistics ] ( http://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/crime-and-statistics/crime-statistics/statistical-tables.html ) are pretty crude , so i 'm still guessing what might be the difference between finland and sweden . 
   maybe the police effectiveness plays a role here ( decreased number of unreported cases ) swedish police is probably a bit more diligent when filing the reported cases , but i doubt there is 4:1 difference . 
  edit : fixed some borkborkbork, 
  men can be raped in some cases , rape includes cases with unclear consent ( like having consensual sex but without condom might be rape ) . 
  sweden also counts each sexual contact as a separate rape ( just like finland ) . 
   you 'd need  2 % growth which is not possible . 
  why you can not inflate it away ? 
  do you have index-tied loans like sweden ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all the ez leaders are more than happy to let imf to loan some more money to greeks . 
   the only question that matters is `` can the loans be repaid at current debt levels '' , to which the resounding answer is no we need more inflation , mr draghi . 
   a region on the northern part of greece you mean a region in ferog ? 
  zizek seems to think that eurozone is some kind of mafia organization . 
  you can do anything if you can just to talk with capo di tutti capi . 
  he fails to realise that there are some 18 countries in eurozone . 
  tsipras has to convince politicians in each country to cut-cut-cut in their own country so they can give more money to greece . 
  if he wants to do that , he has to promise them blood , tears and sweat of greeks . 
  they mostly read and write , you know , in greek ? 
  a cool font for greek is probably awful for latin , and vice versa ? 
  on my screen , lower-case \u03b1 with accent looks definitely afwul . 
  he had a wand , made of holly , with a phoenix feather core .
