  obama , pope , krugman and piketty are all free to write a 89.000.000.000 $ check and have it cashed by tsipras . 
  all the ez countries have gave loans to greece with the explicit understanding that they will be treated just like imf loans . 
  perhaps someone in germany prefers grexit now . 
  someone like sch\u00e4uble , for instance . 
   without a proper understanding of the causes of these problems , we wo n't be able to find appropriate solutions or learn from history , the root cause seems to be eu handouts without proper oversight and control during cold war . 
  however stingily the uk contributes to the eu budget the past and present misuse of the eu funds is also a problem for uk . 
   wolfgang `` rules are rules '' sch\u00e4uble he is asked to pay the greek debt to imf , which now talks about debt restructuring . 
  of course , imf itself would not forgive any loans , because their rules does not permit it . 
  perhaps sch\u00e4uble can bend some rules if imf does the same . 
  money talks , bullshit walks . 
   this shit is actually one of the major reasons for greece 's terrible situation and is surprisingly ignored by many . 
  it was third on the list of wednesday reforms . 
  as always , wirtschaftswunder starts with denazifying the civil service . 
  how ? 
  the tourists would dine and wine cheaper , how would that help tourism industry ? 
  the room occupancy rate in athens exceeds london , how do you think they could increase that ? 
  how drachma will help building new hotels , airports , restaurants , museums ? 
  edit : letter, 
  your link measures income inequality according to official statistics . 
  it tells more about irs than about wealth inequality . . 
  he read all the novels by dostoevsky during a weekend . 
  or so he says . 
  this is a ciffy blog . 
  nothing is so permanent as temporary . 
  krugman is not an expert on greek economy . 
  he knows next to nothing about european politics . 
  greece has been negotiating with euro zone countries . 
  they are only ones who are somewhat willing and able to give money to greece . 
  eu is forbidden to do that . 
  if greece wants to exit euro zone , other ez countries are off the hook and uk , denmark and sweden would be sucked in ... 
  greece can loan from the markets or default . 
  there are always alternatives . 
  in his 1988 doctoral thesis he predicted that soviet union is eternal . 
  ez gives money to greece . 
  boe gives a speech . 
  tsipras sweettalks all ez parliaments to give him a badly needed fix ? 
  i 'd definitely like him to try , it would be an awesome tour . 
  i 'm certain that no one in euro zone would object if boe would loan 10 or 20 billions to greece . 
  greek government used the money to buy back its loans below nominal value . 
  they had spent much more , but thanks to bailouts they now have only 300 billion or so debt . 
  troika wanted them to implement a minimal income scheme , but chose not to , because politics is about getting a comfy job at ministry , screw the poor . 
  they refused , it is not an issue of faith . 
  syriza is full of old pasok cronies , it is no surprise they do the same tricks as pasok and nd did . 
  kekkonen was elected for 4 years without elections with constitutional amendment ( `` poikkeuslaki '' ) . 
  many parlament members of smp ( forerunner for soini 's party ) were bribed and formed a new party skyp . 
  the members of kokoomus who were against amendment formed pkp , constitutional people 's party . 
  it was a part of 2012 bailout package . 
  hardly a unilateral action . 
  the real reason syriza did not want minimum income was because they wanted to give handouts only to their voters , just like all the previous greek governments . 
  did you forget the constitutional amendment in 1974 ? 
  so he does not want bailouts . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  spain then ? 
  varoufakis quit pasok after the latest papandreou grew a spine and started to implement austerity . 
  he wants grexit and wants it badly . 
  do you refer to iceland here ? 
   it also competes in things greece produces greece and germany do not compete . 
  greece exports vacations , refining , shipping and olives . 
  euro was a boon to their tourism industry , which is now running pretty much to the capacity . 
  there is no available capacity even if vacations in greece would be cheaper because of cheap drachma . 
  varoufakis has been a pasok youth chapter leader and he has been consulting pasom prime minister . 
  what matter is what greek people do not want . 
  they do not want grexit . 
  now they know the price tag . 
  yeah , what is a 100 billion ? 
  lunch money for the banksters ? 
  varoufakis was a pasok crony , one of those guys that got greece screwed in the first place . 
  he switched over to syriza only when pasok tried to balance the budget . 
  krugman loves his theories much more than he loves greeks . 
  do ** you ** think grexit is good for greece ? 
  eurogroup should just tell that there is no 3rd bailout , the train has been long gone ? 
  eurogroup countries have taken loans from market and given that money to greece . 
  if greece does not cough up , they have to pay those loans instead . 
   aaand they voted those fuckers out like varoufakis ? 
  when they voted him out ? 
   it 's over . 
  please be careful and do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  we have thrown a lifeline , twice . 
  but the man overboard complains that the rope is wrong material and hurts his palms . 
  only the far left supports bailing out greece in finland . 
   the rules also said no buying on the secondary market rules said that the basic tool of ecb is buying from the secondary market . 
  rules prohibited buying from primary market . 
  they are designed to have negative real interest . 
  it is just that mr draghi has been lazy lately . 
  they are implementing the age-old principle no taxation - no representation . 
  they have way too many special interest groups to serve . 
  how they could remove licencing for trucking ? 
  the existing licensees would be furious , they have paid tens or hundreds of thousands for their licensees . 
  how they could speed up civil processes ? 
  the lawyers would be furious , their cases would be done in weeks instead of years , they had hard time padding their hours . 
  finnish media talks how all the hardliners hide behind our back . 
  there are plenty of finnish politicians , soini included , who have bought the krugman koolaid and think that grexit will be beneficial for greeks , at least at the long run . 
  but those neo-keynesians seem to forget that at the long run we are all dead . 
   other countries have been so generous in the past to you when it comes to debt relief ; i think merkel and sch\u00e4uble have came to the conclusion that greece needs a complete wirtschaftswunder : loss of sovereignty , denazification-like cleansing of old corrupt pasok/nd politicians ( like varoufakis ) from politics and civil service , currency reform and then after 5 hard years , debt relief . 
  perhaps euro was a great thing for greek economy ? 
  but here is a nice paper about greek economy basically making same point as sumner : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/economic_paper/2014/ecp518_en.htm, 
  oh , yes , that was more than 400 billions , they already got a haircut of 100 billion euros . 
   pasok was on the helm back and now it 's mostly disbanded . 
  what else is syriza but old corrupted pasok cronies like varoufakis ? 
   finland is the only country where domestic issues may force them to publicly want a grexit .
