  those nordic countries seem to be an outlier in the results . 
  in some countries , the vwa survey was piggybacked to other surveys , that might have affected the results , too . 
  of course it does . 
  in finland , the men and women perceive they are victims of violent attacks at the same rate . 
  however , men were hospitalized as result of violence roughly 10 times more often . 
  according to police statistics roughly 90 % of victims of assault/battery are men . 
  it is not like police is discriminating against women , because when we consider only the spousal violence roughly 80 % of plaintiffs are women . 
  that is , except in aggravated cases , where again the majority of victims are men . 
  when women are victim of aggravated battery , that is usually because a weapon was used , but in case of men , the crime is considered aggravated because there has been * grievous bodily harm * or * permanent injury * . 
  they use soviet gauge in latvia , not russian gauge . 
  the soviets changed the old imperial russian 5 ' ( 1524 mm ) gauge to 1520 mm . 
  the russian gauge is still used in finland , we did not bother to change . 
  signing the applications was expensive , that is true . 
  however , the symbian had apps and app shop years before iphone . 
  the problem was market fragmentation for apps . 
  nokia had gazillion of different smartphone models , each with slightly different configurations . 
  before becoming nokia ceo kallasvuo was tasked with cornering market with a model range covering everything . 
  he delivered . 
  he was tasked with creating world-wide manufacturing capabilities . 
  he delivered . 
  in hindsight nokia should have been concentrating their smartphone offerings to a few models , software-wise compatible with each other . 
  they should have concentrated their manufacturing to china . 
  helsinki , j\u00e4tk\u00e4saari : prettiest building ( `` lace house '' ) : https://www.flickr.com/photos/pikselia/15035598115 ugliest has two contenders , nice they are next to each other : http://www.metro.fi/uutiset/a1387811143256 verkkokauppa.com bulding , to the left , and bunkkeri , a former tax-free storage building ( j\u00e4tk\u00e4saari used to be helsinki container harbor ) . 
  you are watching reformation in action and it is as nice as reformation was in europe . 
  wahhabists want to reform islam and return to the `` original '' faith of * salaf * , the first generations after mohammed . 
  the more famous case was an eritrean ? 
  [ 88 % humidity , dewpoint at +13 \u00b0 . 
  unbearable heat wave . 
  finns and estonians ? 
  russians mostly , but they have changed the language ( or not , there are still large minorities speaking finnic and uralic languages there ) . 
  it must be hard for greeks to be such latecomers in their own country . 
  i saw that ons has started to collect statistics on hours worked , on the latest update they had the regional averages . 
  please go to ons and check . 
  there is no county in england with unemployment above 6 % . 
  here are last year 's figures : https://www.nomisweb.co.uk/reports/lmp/la/1967128608/report.aspx?town=south%20yorkshire#tabempunemp, 
  the unemployment percentage is 6 or below in northern england . 
  it is pretty close to full employment ( the so called friction unemployment is about 5 % ) so the center would have had to poach already employed people of it had to rely on locals only . 
  it is more like asking woman `` do you want children ? '', 
  and saying `` my job is done '' when she says `` yes '' . 
  someone is going to get her pregnant , right ? 
  they treated their young people like shit for way too long time . 
  people did not have incentives to have children and they run out of young people already in 1990s . 
  what kind of sources you want ? 
  the motivation behind the reasoning of the immigration office is , of course , pure speculation . 
  other facts are well known . 
  yes , he would be released if he was a citizen . 
  although , a [ pedophile dual-murderer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jammu_siltavuori ) was committed to mental asylym * after * sitting 12 years from his 15 year murder sentence . 
  but in this hussein is legally sane . 
  you get your facts from iltalehti ? 
  really ? 
  the immigration service had already decided to deport him . 
  the deportation degree has been in force for years because he could get into parole any time after spending 12 years in prison . 
  immigration office did not want to take any chances . 
   he will be released this september . 
  not really . 
  he wo n't be released but just be moved to a different kind of facility , deportation center . 
  he will sit there until he can be deported to somalia . 
  deportation centers are former prisons but they have removed the bars and replaced them with plexiglass . 
  given the situation in somalia he will spend behind the plexiglass way longer than any other murderer in finland . 
  this was his third referendum . 
  he thought he was getting pretty good at them . 
  bitch . 
  you mean bitch . 
  they were ** unwilling ** to solve the problem . 
  the only obvious way to solve the problem involves co-operation with erdo\u01e7an . 
  no one in their right mind do not want to do that . 
  so they waited if turkey would get a sensible government after july 2015 elections and what would happen in next elections . 
  british crown dependencies are out of eu , i believe , as well as greenland . 
  england could leave eu while rest of uk remains , just like greenland left eu while rest of denmark remained . 
  finland has also quite large nuclear power sector , but we also make lot of power and also some electricity out of renewables : mostly hydro but mainly by-product of pulp factories ( most of the lignin gets burned for power ) . 
  there is also large subsides for wind power . 
  in every aspect similar to sweden except we have been building nuclear energy all the time and we still burn quite a lot of coal . 
  do not forget russia . 
   a lot of green plans will not solve that problem as they are anti-market . 
  please care to explain . 
  greens are perhaps anti-business ( iow they do not want to subsidize lots to building companies ) , but they are definitely not anti-market . 
  geographically , denmark is not part of scandinavia , while the north-western part of finland is . 
  have you ever tried to edit files created with different version of microsoft office ? 
  you are right , the word does not have formatting issues , the fragile thingy just crashes . 
  what a piece of software . 
  there are people who can edit 1000-page documents in word . 
  but they have learned it in hard way , they know how to walk on eggshells . 
  they go money for nothing and chicks for free . 
  what is so abhorrent ? 
   that 's probably not true , their rates would be lower if they had their own currency because their risk of default would be much lower . 
  there would have been , however , currency risk . 
  also , the foreign investors prefer loans in stable denominations and the european countries outside the eurozone issue significant portion of their loans in euros or other hard currencies . 
   if greece had its own currency it would be able to devalue its debts by printing money , rather than taking out more loans from the eu . 
  i think most of the loan papers sold by the greek government would have been in hard currencies like dm/euro or sterling or us dollar . 
  greece would have defaulted . 
  perhaps it would have got some eu or imf loans and eurozone would have been soooo smug . 
   mostly for transport , not cavalry . 
  of course . 
  there is just the image of the american army as a fully mechanized force , which it probably became by 1943 and 1944 . 
  the intent seems to be pretty clear based on the newspaper story , the employers have to show that they do not discriminate when hiring and promoting people . 
  i wonder what happens if they find out that the employers are already favoring women . 
  the journo refers to thorsteinn by his patronymic `` viglundsson '' , which is a major faux pas when dealing with icelanders , so you have to take everything they write with a grain of salt . 
  the swiss central bank tried to prevent franc from revaluating and sold enormous amounts of swiss francs . 
  now they are stuck with loads of foreign money they are unable to sell . 
   its reliance on the horse increasingly anachronistic interesting .
