  wikipedia points to this : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/sep/09/greece-tax-evasion-professional-classes ... but this is much more readable : http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2012/09/tax-evasion-greece, 
   i believe the arguments put forward by the imf , according to imf , greek debt was viable last january . 
  it is still viable , if there was political will to pay it back . 
  i hope greeks can still shop 7 sundays a year . 
   there is no supranational tax system there is , and it is called vat . 
  greeks do not want to pay it , either . 
  and that is what the tax office reports to greek statistics office and eurostat . 
   the greeks are both poorer and richer than their counterparts in ce . 
  there is awfully lot of greek lawyers , doctors , accountants , etc. 
  who earn less than 5000 $ per year . 
   and greeks are having the balls to make history and paying for this decision on their skin . 
  if you think this has a happy ending , you have n't been paying attention . 
   the only left party actually having the balls to change this system . 
  the only left party with balls was spd . 
  they actually changed their system . 
  that 120 $ is her pension from the time she worked in germany . 
  she probably gets greek pension , too . 
  `` as of 2013 , sunday shopping has been allowed up to seven times per year . '', 
  beware of hellenic tiger . 
  according to [ the oecd report ] ( http://www.oecd.org/eco/growth/going-for-growth-greece-2015.pdf ) , they are still lagging both eu and oecd average by a large margin . 
   according to imf , greece ran a cyclically adjusted budget surplus of over 5 % in 2014 . 
  that number is a forecast based on troika surplus requirement and a imf model of greek economy . 
  according to another imf model , there was some 10 % bubble in greek economy because of extravagant public spending , that is , without budget deficits and foreign loans greece gdp would have been 10 % lower even if all the greek resources have been fully utilized . 
  of course , krugman flatly denies that it is even possible . 
  there was a country to rescue and banks to save . 
  bailouts were supposed to do both . 
  do you think that tsipras and varoufakis are selling out their own country ? 
  they are shortsighted populist who play with jingoistic tendencies of their people , but do they intend to sell their home country ( and why ) ? 
  this is what the long-time friendship with russia is . 
  russian trade helps to keep the timber prices lower in finland . 
  forestry companies have overextended in finland , they can not get enough finnish timber for reasonable prices . 
  not many eu countries can import raw timber efficiently for russia . 
  russia tried to put an export tariff on timber already in . . eh . . 
  2007 ? , probably because someone close to putin or his pocket wanted to lower logging tariffs paid to russian government , but that backfired because there was nobody to do any logging in karelia but finnish companies . 
   100 % copy of the same plan germany received post-ww2 cool , we are dividing the occupation zones , right ? 
  i believe the finnish forces would prefer islands , preferably with short ferry connections or international-grade airports . 
  certainly importing food and medicine is prioritized and the efficient greek civil service will issue permits for transactions promptly so the imports can continue probably already in march 2017 . 
  soviet ruble a strong currency ? 
  finnish and swedish systems are pretty close to each other , the minimum wage is defined in the collective agreement . 
  so you can walk to k market and work for 3 $ per hour if you do something that pam agreement does not cover , like distribute leaflets from door to door . 
   how much is the minimum wage for lowest paid jobs like cleaning or newspaper delivery ? 
  there is no minimum wage in sweden . 
   he is just asking his people about what they really want since the outcome would be out of his electoral promises . 
  tsipras himself disagrees with you . 
  `` the most democratic way of expressing the popular will is elections , not a referendum . '', 
  i gather this `` institutional deficit '' means inefficient justice system , police , customs , electricity and water infrastructure ? 
  these wikipages seem to list the measures that the greek government has agreed to implement . 
  is there a list of reforms that they have actually implemented ? 
  krugman do n't believe that greek economy was operating 10 percent above capacity when greek was running a deficit of 10 % of gdp . 
  i do n't believe krugman a minute . 
  here you go : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/06/27/what-tsipras-had-stated-about-the-greek-referendum-in-2011/, 
  i heard that was the proposal they were working on when tsipras finished the negotiations and left for athens . 
  finnish parliament has its last session today on tuesday before fall . 
  they were ready for an extra session on monday . 
  tsipras on referendum :  `` you know better than me that if the greek prime minister himself tries to have the people face such dilemmas , the real default will be inevitable , and the greek banks and the greek economy will collapse before we even reach the voting booth . 
  just because of the possibility that the people may face such a dilemma , they might vote `` no . ''  tsipras had then accused prime minister of despair and had characterized his announcement of a referendum as a `` disaster for the greek economy '' and a `` harbinger of bankruptcy , '' considering it a trick used by the greek government in its effort to buy more time in power . 
  and he had come into the following conclusion : `` the most democratic way of expressing the popular will is elections , not a referendum . '', 
  the porsche se , yes . 
  they own more than half of the company and have sat on the vag board since 1937 . 
   uk terms illegal manipulation going on , you mean someone who actually owned shares did not want to sell them ? 
  i 'm bit surprised that it is illegal in uk . 
  they ** had ** a primary surplus for a few months before syriza forced new elections last year . 
  last i heard every ez member exports quite a lot of stuff . 
  the eurozone inflation is currently 0.3 % and ecb flooding the market with qe money in order to push inflation towards the target of 2 % . 
  a little bit of devaluation would be great help everywhere . 
  do you realise that `` massive hammering of euro '' is just what all the ez leaders want ? 
  cheaper euro means more jobs at home and more votes in the next elections . 
  we need closer look . 
  i only read a economist piece that 1 ) complained about capital controls and claimed that 2 ) controls were mostly lifted for vacationers and students this june . 
   how is finlands economic suffering caused only by the euro ? 
  the forest industry has been used to enjoy roughly the same exchange rates as our competition in sweden . 
  for a couple of years after 2008 euro was slightly too expensive for our exports . 
  however , the current crisis in greece devalues euro and makes finnish exports cheaper . 
  the real problem , however , was nokia . 
  it was like north sea gas in netherlands , during the best nokia years salaries and wages grew obscenely and public sector get so fat it could not cope when nokia and electronic industry all but disappeared . 
   when iceland implemented capital controls in 2008 iceland still has capital controls , but they lifted the most strict controls this june ( 2015 ) . 
    in 2009 , there were 952,625 public employees but in 2013 their number fell to 675,530 . 
  iran is perfectly fine with gay marriage as long as one of the partners change their gender . 
  it is shia country , however . 
  trust theologians to give us [ pr\u00fczbul ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prozbul ) - level loopholes . 
   the loaned money is created out of nothing and lent with interest . 
  money is created by trust . 
  a depositor trusts bank to pay back the deposit and thus creates more money . 
  the money disappears when the trust is lost and the deposits are cashed . 
   long-term it 's their best option . 
  in long term we are all dead . 
  germans proposed referendum already in may but tsipras shot it down . 
  no taxation without representation !, 
   clientelism 700 000 public servants hardly count as oligarchs . 
  then you are stuck to eurozone . 
   printing money is not catastrophic if done properly . 
  yes . 
  if your budget can keep up . 
  otherwise , welcome capital control , price control , wage control and when they fail , hyperinflation . 
  * sch\u00e4ublenfreude * -- delight when you see a prime minister throws a temper tantrum . 
   gem 2 : `` social factors as integration may play part in rape accusations '' most certainly . 
  have you heard of affluenza ? 
  this was on reddit same day the tapanila case : http://www.motherjones.com/mojo/2006/04/senate-presidents-son-sodomizes-18-boys-not-charged-sexual-assault  those committing these crimes should be tried and convicted the same way a finnish person would be dealt with . 
  if the boys in tapanila case had a decent attorney ( and had they been white ) , there would have been no rape but a third-degree assault . 
  this must be contagious .
