  oh , people are offended because of the facts and they give you downvotes because they are not able to point out why they are incorrect . 
   it contains no opinion , only facts with an official source . 
  if you think those facts are wrong , feel free to point that out . 
  i think you just answered your question . 
   which means they can move to another eu country , for example sweden they can move to sweden if they find a job there . 
  eu has free movement of labor , there is no free movement of people . 
  jersey and guernsey , the hell holes of the future . 
  i like the sound of it . 
  so it is more like realm than country ? 
  what is thailand called ? 
  it is thaimaa , thai-country , in finnish . 
  deported but where ? 
  brits have those useless islands in the channel , perhaps they should set up some ~ ~ refugee ~ ~ deportation camps there ? 
  the 2,50 $ / mo is the cost if the medication goes over the `` medication ceiling '' or the yearly price limit of 620 $ . 
  my mil had alzheimer 's and her medication cost more than 500 $ per month , but after january she paid something like 20 $ / month for all her medication . 
  the greatest problem in finland is the gap between gp and specialists . 
  the universal healthcare is paid by local municipalities and cities , which also organize the basic health care with gps . 
  the hospitals with specialists are organized by cluster fucks called as kuntayhtym\u00e4 , which are ad hoc federations of municipalities . 
  they are pretty much like us hospitals , but instead of the insurance companies paying the bills , the bills are paid by towns and cities . 
  so the gps are tasked to minimize the specialist care and they have to act as gatekeepers to treatment . 
  this is now changing , or has been for the last 5 years . 
  the four last governments have been trying to change the funding model and the organization of both the hospitals and the local healthcare . 
  i think australians would have something to say if we tried to dump all the migrants crossing mediterranean to australia . 
  usually it is enough if the prosecution does not call for death penalty . 
  however , there was a case where a rwandan reverend was charged with genocide and court did not allow his extradition to rwanda so the reverend got his trial and life in prison in finland . 
  since when stalin was not a nazi collaborator ? 
  so what is the story in spain , portugal and greece ? 
  ireland ? 
  in finland we had a strong tradition of owner-built single-family houses and co-ops for block-of-flats , followed by a housing market bubble in late 1980s and early 90s . 
  bubble bursted in 1991 and there was worst recession since ww2 . 
  the building sector was still in dire straits but the government could not afford to save it . 
  the state financing for public housing projects was cut down and the government tried to attract private capital to housing . 
  the public housing for special groups like students , youth , handicapped and elderly was to be financed through some 3rd sector funds . 
  homeowners were given tax breaks for interest payments and the previous tax on home-ownership was replaced by a generic real estate tax . 
  novel forms of home-ownership were established , where the tenant could gradually pay off the capital . 
  the rent control was also removed . 
  however , the market rents proved to be were reasonable -- sometimes well below the regulated rates . 
  there was large supply of rental housing because the fiscal stimulus was largely spent on building rental flats , so the private rental housing was not very attractive to the investors . 
  certainly they can also debate what is wrong with finnish climate and whether we should have a referendum to change it . 
  it is more like paavo v\u00e4yrynen wants to prove that he was right all the time . 
  elegant solution to your presidential election dilemma , too . 
  if she is not a citizen , she can not run . 
  oh yes . 
  those blond people are finns . 
  countryside has been practically treeless 100 years ago . 
  people are too busy to get their firewood from woods . 
  it was somebody ~ ~ smoking crack ~ ~ suffering from morning insomnia . 
  he argued that [ seasonal affective disorder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasonal_affective_disorder ) is because the winter mornings are so dark . 
  people in norway do not suffer from sad , he said . 
  but sad is almost unknown in iceland , and iceland is 1 hour west of their timezone . 
  how come most of the 4 million syrian refugees live close to the border in the camps , if there are two million syrian refugees in turkey but the camps house only 270 000 people ? 
  this far the people cycling over russian border have been from iraq . 
  should we put them on the first flight to us ? 
  there are flights to toronto , too . 
  that is my point , turkey can not handle 2.5 million refugees . 
  there are excellent refugee camps , but they house one tenth of the refugees . 
  rest live where they can find shelter . 
  true , but there are more than 2 million refugees in turkey but the camps house only 270,000 people . 
  afternoon tea and some biscuits with jam . 
  lots of jam . 
   if i was a refugee , i 'd eat whatever they were nice enough to provide me . 
  if you are nice , you can get [ horse meat ] ( http://www.kotivara.fi/tuotteet/meetvurstit-ja-salamit/venalainen-meetvursti/ ) for breakfast . 
   how would it be in any way in russia 's interest to promote islamism not far from caucasus ? 
  the same reason russians promoted islamism in caucasus . 
  discredit the rebels . 
  the another word is * hukka * , which also used in estonian . 
  by association * hukka * means also waste , loss and doom . 
  nowadays a monday-made products which should have been left in a waste bin are also known as * susi * . 
  so when italians name a car lupo ... 
  finnish pint is 1.3274 liters , bit hefty for quick one . 
  the citrusy hops are widely used , but the the most citrusy beers are usually apas ( american pale ale ) . 
  two things are sure , the american ipa is not american and that the british ipa is not british . 
  the finnish ~ ~ micro ~ ~ breweries are now brewing quite a few british ipas . 
  it is important part of finnish democracy . 
  back in 1800s , the local parishes took care of poor and disabled . 
  the elders collected taxes to cover the expenses . 
  when the local government was secularized in 1860s , elders or town councils or later a special tax council continued to assess the ability of each community member to pay taxes and specify the taxes they owed . 
  the rating was public in order to ensure fair income assessment and fair voting . 
  the number of votes in local elections was determined by the taxes paid . 
  finnish central government used to have no tax collecting service , it relied on income from customs and excise . 
  when the central government established income tax , it used the existing local tax councils to do the dirty work of collecting tax returns and assessing incomes . 
  the rating for income taxes became public information , too . 
  the central government took over the tax collecting in 1960s , it was way too important function to be left for volunteers and amateurs . 
  in some occasions , the councils had had the audacity of rating and taxing the central government , too . 
  ( `` let the government pay taxes ! '', 
  was a popular election slogan in 1930s . ), 
  the tax ratings were still considered public information and the number of rated tax units for each person were published yearly . 
  the data privacy legislation made stop for that in 1990s , however , the data privacy does not cover journalistic purposes , so the taxes of public personae are fair game . 
   scincerety a new word ? 
  or lots of policemen are pushing papers around . 
  in the same sense which makes coutnries like sweden and finland as part of third world . 
  free british youth , eff-bee-yot . 
  there are also [ sinti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinti ) romanis . 
  i guess calling them * romani * will make romanians even more edgy . 
  probably not . 
  but how does that affect my mental faculties ? 
  people forget , and how they perceive various situations affect how they often they forget them . 
  that makes lifetime figures are pretty useless . 
  do you remember that time 40 years ago when you were pretty drunk and tried to kiss someone and that someone shoved you away ? 
  the survey was implemented as a telephone survey in denmark , finland and sweden .
