  if putin keep emptying the area to feed cannon fodder to the ua front , you really think they wo n't walk into the giant empty undefended plains just because there 's a ru flag on it ? 
  yes , i really think they wo n't . 
  this is n't hearts of iron 3 : countries do n't just declare war to paint the map their colour . 
  * why * would china want empty plains ? 
  * why * would they risk nuclear war for empty land ? 
   like they are n't working on their own abm shield . 
  like any of them are effective enough to stop potentially thousands of missiles and bombers . 
   better . 
  they have giant piles of ammunition everywhere , would be fighting at home , against an invader everywhere . 
  russian invader barracks & bases would explode with all hands every 2 days of the week . 
  i do n't really know how to respond to this in a non sarcastic manner , because it 's such total hyperbolic nonsense . 
  i can not see any particular reason why ukraine is in any way special that could cause its civilian population to be some sort of super-insurgents . 
  instead i see every reason to expect that they would be qualitatively worse at it than the afghans : 1 : ukrainians have a lack of religious ideology encouraging martyrdom and fighting to the death . 
  2 : comparative lack of gun culture - owning an ak47 in afghanistan is like owning a decent pair of shoes . 
  3 : open terrain requiring no local knowledge to navigate . 
  no restrictive mountain roads/passes for ambushing . 
  4 : lack of existing military style command structures in the civilian population - the afghans have local warlords that people are already aligned with . 
  and it 's worth noting that against a modern military ( i.e. 
  nato mostly usa and uk ) the afghans only ran a moderately successful insurgency . 
  coalition loses were extremely low and bases were rarely openly attacked ( mostly it was light mortar bombardment ) and never blown sky high . 
  most coalition losses were taken out on patrol by ieds . 
  i know this sub is massively anti-russia , but get real - ukraine has barely held off the troops russia did send . 
  russia has a bigger , better equipped army with more combat experience ; if they committed to the conflict openly , it would be over in weeks . 
  and the idea that china would invade ? 
  where on earth did that come from ? 
  how is china possibly going to get away with invading russia ? 
  there would be immediate , massive nuclear retaliation . 
  they also have extensive experience dealing with insurgencies in chechnya etc. , and you 're expecting citizens from a european country to be as good at insurgency as afghan warlords ? 
  i doubt it . 
  well i think stalin had the opposite trajectory to atlee - we did n't realise how bad he was until * after * he was gone . 
  i 'm not saying that we 're overly racist , but that we do n't really speak up when we should . 
  people would quietly be unhappy about it but not jump in in the same way as in germany . 
  i 'd love to see this repeated in the uk - expect a bus full of brits shuffling uncomfortably , looking at their feet , and then getting off 3 stops early to write an angry email to the times . 
  i think sometimes people are n't appreciated until much later . 
  for example , britain is just rediscovering atlee as pm . 
  however , when fdr , churchill and stalin met at yalta , they were called `` the big three '' even then . 
  they were already known in their lifetimes as powerful leaders . 
  when churchill ran again for pm post war , his campaign was basically `` churchill is back '' . 
  he did n't need to say anything else . 
  tunnel potato rule !, 
  then there was no potato , only tunnel and sadness . 
  yeah the problem is our government are more interested in slashing spending and do n't want to fix anything that might make their voter base ( retired baby boomers ) upset . 
  `` nuclear wasteland the day after '', 
  depends on the language . 
  it 's plausible that both are on # 30,000 . 
  was he supposed to be holding something too ? 
  it looks like he 's shaking his fist . 
  `` i would have been macedonian if it was n't for those meddling greeks ! '', 
  well i suggest you write a letter to the kremlin to inform them . 
  there are a number of possibilities here , but i think the most likely ones involve this being a calculated move on the part of the russian government . 
  i 've only been guessing at the calculations going on . 
  and airplanes were n't used militarily . 
  it 's not a case of parking a few dreadnoughts and ironclads across the straight anymore . 
  i expect they do n't see turkey as much of a threat . 
  it could also be why they 've been buttering up greece as there 's some bad blood there . 
   kaliningrad on the other side of eu countries which the kremlin sees as enemies . 
   petropavlovsk wrong side of the country , they want something on the west . 
  anyway they already have vladivostok over there . 
   vostochny do you mean vostochny port ? 
  the cities named vostochny are all landlocked . 
  anyway , this is also in the russian far east . 
   murmansk couple of problems . 
  first , while the port itself does n't usually freeze over , the only way to get into the atlantic is via the arctic circle , which i imagine is still a pretty damn perilous journey during the long winter , at least for surface ships . 
  second , iirc the port itself has rather unsafe levels of radioactivity due to the decaying ( in more ways than one ) nuclear submarines stationed and scrapped there . 
  sevastopol gives them almost direct access to the mediterranean with none of the downsides of murmansk , and it 's access to the med , and by extension , the atlantic that they really want . 
  maybe it depends on what part of the country . 
  experienced it first hand . 
  you think only the upper classes can be prejudiced ? 
   that 's not true otherwise middle class kids would be signing up for them in droves rather than still applying for university . 
  you 're ignoring cultural expectations . 
  it 's already the case that electricians , mechanics , joiners and builders in the uk can earn far more than a university educated corporate office drone because there 's far more demand for skilled trades than what is essentially unskilled office work . 
  for example , the median electrician 's salary in the uk is [ # 11.65 per hour ] ( http://www.payscale.com/research/uk/job=electrician/hourly_rate ) . 
  that 's almost as much as i earned as a junior software developer . 
  contrast with a nice middle class [ office administrator at # 7 per hour ] ( http://www.payscale.com/research/uk/job=office_administrator/ ) . 
  the class issue also creates problems in other ways . 
  for example if i decided that i wanted to become an electrician , i 'd have the problem that i am * very middle class * . 
  i do n't * fit * on a building site , and as a result my colleagues would go out of their way to make my job unpleasant . 
   annexed a completely useless dead-weight penisula from ukraine ? 
  not really true that . 
  strategically crimea and specifically sevastopol are very important for russia . 
  it gives them a warm water port for their fleet and a position from which to control the black sea . 
  why they risked so much for it is a different matter . 
  i like how there 's a bunch of massive blokes standing around in the middle of the motorcade , it makes the whole picture look quite strange as at first glance you assume they 're going quite quickly . 
  i do n't really know enough about economics to dispute that . 
  do you have any sources ( particularly academic ) of economists criticising the eu heavily pre-2008 ? 
  you seem to be suggesting that the monetary union was set up to fail on purpose . 
  yes we 've seen that it is an extremely bad idea when you can not make the member states obey the rules , but i ca n't imagine that the plan was for it to all go tits up an economically destroy greece , spain , portugal and italy . 
  it might still be fair to say that as a body it does n't care about the ( unemployed ) poorest . 
  certainly those who see the most benefit from the eu are those with qualifications and the means to move to find work . 
  but i think that / u/willaemann was right to highlight the good it has done for those who are employed , especially those employed in low skill jobs where their replaceable nature was leading to exploitation . 
  yet the uk is managing to create those jobs even with the eu working time directive . 
  this suggests that giving workers rights is n't what 's caused massive problems in southern european nations . 
  it 's called `` advancing towards a more strategically favorable position '' . 
  in this case , england . 
  that is so 80 's i just grew a mullet . 
  we definitely have some work to do . 
  some good friends of mine who are boyfriends get openly stared at if they say ... hold hands in public . 
  as a bi guy , i occasionally get stared at if i 'm with a bloke . 
  also standard bi-erasure issues . 
  are n't tracked vehicles legal as long as they have rubbered tracks ?
