  germany proved size was n't important , it was tactics and technology that won . 
  anyway , the fact still stands that in the timeframe given , with the wrong equipment , tactics and leadership , the allies were n't in a position to save poland in 1939 . 
   france had the most powerful land army in the world at the time yet they were outmaneuvered and defeated by the germans . 
  we can talk up their capabilities all we like , but the fact is still this - when it came down to it , germany brushed aside france , britain , belgium and the netherlands in 1940 , so it 's simply unrealistic to have expected any other result in 1939 . 
  the battle of bzura happened before soviet intervention , and it was essentially all over then . 
  germany had numerical , technological , and tactical advantage along with aerial domination . 
  even without the soviet invasion , poland could n't have held them back . 
  well 1939 was pretty much the height of empire so we ca n't pull the little island nation excuse . 
  the real problem was we simply were n't ready for the war as it happened . 
  we had wound down the military after ww1 and all our equipment , tactics and training was for fighting static , attrition based warfare . 
  germany rolled over poland in 2 weeks . 
  we managed to supply drop weapons to the polish resistance but we did n't have the time or the resources to do anything else . 
  we only really got our act together in the africa campaign in late 1940 , after the bef was sent fleeing from the similarly unprepared france . 
  if germany had n't gone all blitzkrieg or if the uk had actually been prepared for the war that came , and if we had crippled the luftwaffe sooner and gotten naval access to the baltic , then we would have been able to help poland . 
  but as things went , there was really nothing that could have been done to save them . 
  or the documentary was from the 90 's . 
  as i recall the main subject of the documentary was people living in the exclusion zone around chernobyl and they went into belarus , and it was literally donkeys drawing plows in the fields . 
  of course it 's not mutually exclusive that they have rich cities and dirt poor countryside . 
  and as i said , this documentary could be rather old . 
  saw it on a documentary but i did just have one of those `` shit that was a long time ago ! '', 
  moments , so my info is probably out of date . 
  belarus is still a soviet style military dictatorship ~ ~ and barely has mechanized farming ~ ~ . 
  annexing them would be a vast improvement . 
   the fact that the russian soldiers were spoon-fed propaganda about the nazis meant that they would just do this on their own . 
  that does n't seem likely . 
  if you 've read works like the gulag archipelago , you get the distinct impression that the soviet soldiers existed in a culture of fear . 
  hell a lot of them did n't want to fight for stalin at all which is part of the reason why the early war performance of the red army was so poor . 
  they only pulled together when it became clear that this was n't a fight for the bolsheviks but a fight for the future existence of russia . 
  you have to remember that a lot of atrocities were committed at the order of stavka and purposefully hidden . 
  the katyn massacre was carried out using german made pistols rather than russian tt-30s so that it was deniable . 
  in the massacre linked there 's controversy over the cause , but i 'd bet my bottom dollar on it being ordered from above . 
  revolution , powered by the people ? 
  that is the single worst justification that i have ever read for the sort of intrusive police surveillance that the other poster advocated . 
  just because the uk rejected one fairly intrusive form of surveillance , you think much worse ones should be acceptable ? 
  except you know , kidnappings * by the stasi * . 
  police states do n't keep you safe , they keep the government safe * from you * . 
  how dystopian is that ?!, 
  `` citizen !, 
  we have detected unnatural positioning of individuals in your property , you will now submit for a mandatory search '', 
  i bet those gangsters are ... ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) [ ... cheesed off . 
  ] ( http://cow.org/csi/ ), 
  no worries . 
   i think you mean glorifying fascism . 
  that would n't make much sense in the context of the above quote . 
  i 'm sure they 're accused of both . 
  some of the supposed ones i 've seen are decent but not great . 
  the problem of course is that there are a * great many * fakes ( i 'm sure i heard that he 's the most counterfeited artist of all time ) so it 's difficult to know . 
  i think most people interpret them that way , but they 're frequently accused of actually being facists , and the rather ambiguous response has been [ `` we are fascists as much as hitler was a painter '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laibach_%28band%29#aesthetics.2c_image.2c_and_controversy ) . 
  which might also mean that they are , but are n't very good at it . 
   well , i believe that 's why such advanced military doctrines are called `` game theory '' . 
  a favorite of the russian leadership i believe . 
  they always talk about how putin is a chess master and `` the great game '' . 
  there 's even a wikipedia page on their theory on the subject : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_game[1] i am familiar with game theory , but your ideas of what will happen look nothing like it at all . 
  i think you have a simplistic understanding of how international affairs and diplomacy work , and as a result your predictions are wildly unlikely imho . 
   china will have option 1 \u00b0 ) pay the russians 2 \u00b0 ) do n't pay the russians and just walk in . 
  and then the russian army options will look like the georgian ones in front of a ru invasion . 
  again you 're looking at this like it 's some sort of computer game . 
  russia wo n't suddenly disband its nuclear forces when putin dies , and wo n't just roll over and let china take territory . 
  and what of the rest of the world ? 
  do you think everyone else will just sit tight if china starts playing global conquest ? 
   like which ones ? 
  [ here 's a helpful map of countries you missed out ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@17.0377787,108.7189318,5z?hl=en ) . 
  china is already bullying them around over the south china sea dispute . 
    no it 's not a declared war because it does n't suit him for propaganda purposes . 
   which therefore has no influence on the actual military he deploys there . 
  are you seriously suggesting that the entire russian military is already engaged in this conflict ? 
  the estimates are running at 25,000-30 ,000 russian forces committed . 
  that 's a fraction of their military and the 250,000-300 ,000 you earlier suggested could be mobilised . 
  they 're facing the full might of the ukranian army which does n't need to operate on the pretense of not being there , and have gained ground . 
   that one children policy ? 
  they 'll have to revocate it soon because it imbalances too much the m/f ratio gender due to their cultural background . 
  basically they 'll go back to have 2 or 3 kids per family . 
  and people will keep living longer with medical advances . 
  they 'll have to do something about it , sure , but the ccp is well known to be a steady hand and favour long term planning . 
  they wo n't simply revoke it and go back to large scale population growth . 
   basically putin told several variants of that one to the eu authorities . 
  later when they started getting swamped it became 2 weeks : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11069070/i-can-take-kiev-in-two-weeks-vladimir-putin-warns-european-leaders.html[1] from the article : `` vladimir putin has boasted to european leaders that his forces could sweep into kiev in two weeks if he wanted . '' . 
  he did n't say `` we will take kiev in 2 weeks '' he basically said `` we would if we declared war '' , which is what i said . 
    this is n't a declared war  because he was looking for an excuse to invade ukraine since 2007 and euromaidan gave it to him . 
  no it 's not a declared war because it does n't suit him for propaganda purposes . 
   because they want the ressources below those plains . 
  china will soon have like 2 billion citizens ( 2 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 . 
  vs 140 million russians who have 4 time their lands . ), 
  within like 30 years and look for every scrap of advantage they can gain on every thing . 
  no they wo n't soon have like 2 billion citizens , china 's population is just under [ 1.4 billion and growth is still slowing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_china ) . 
  remember that their population growth is centrally planned by the chinese communist party and they want a steady population , not a rapidly growing one for precisely the reason that it would require far too many resources . 
  besides , why invade russia and get nuked when you can invest in russia and get the resources anyway ? 
  if they 're going to invade anywhere for resources it 'll be south asian countries which do n't have thousands of nuclear weapons . 
   well compare the army how it was 3 years ago to the one giving the russians a bloody nose in donetsk right now ... 
  still ignoring that you 're talking about a mix of local militia groups backed by russian forces that are n't officially there , which limits their fighting ability . 
  for example they ca n't openly get the airforce or the navy involved , they ca n't openly bring their heavy artillery to the field , or commit too many armoured forces . 
  and still they pushed the ukrainian military back . 
  if russia brought the full might of its armed forces to bare , then the ukranians would lose ground a lot more quickly . 
   right . 
  that 's why stronk russia said they 'd be in kiev in 72h . 
  in mars 2014 . 
  i ca n't find any source on that , and it simply makes no sense . 
  this is n't a declared war , so why would they release any sort of statement to that effect ? 
   there 's a lot of ... interesting ressources in the ground below the far east in some places . 
  there 's going to be a point at which it 's going to be just too tempting for china not to try ceasing it .
