freedom of speech/press is a double edged sword, 
  yeah and bulgaria is full of nazi spymathizing cowards but i do n't know how that relates to iran sanctions either . 
  yeah the us 's national motto is n't `` death to iran '', 
  wow you posted all of that and managed to say nothing appreciable . 
  `` western civilization is wrong because they have been wrong before '' logical fallacy 2 . 
  you claim that iran is n't violent because a gallup poll showed that europe considers the us the most dangerous country in the world . 
  so you 're both appealing to hypocrisy and going against the exact same logic you laid out in your fist point . 
  iran has been trying to destabilize the me and disrupt sunni nations since its inception . 
  i do n't know how an arms deal with saudi arabia changes that . 
  so you complain that the us plays petty politics to screw over iran and then counter it with the fact that the us 's invasion of afghanistan and iran help them ? 
  you 're not even making a point here . 
  and spoilers - islam has a sunni majority , so no shit wars in the me would most likely destabilize sunni majority countries . 
  even some shia majority nations hate iran . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  and hilarious that you would consider iran a more democratic nation than the us because of voter turn out . 
  whataboutism , appealing to hypocrisy . 
  more whataboutism . 
  can you make a single coherent point without the pretext of `` buh what about the us ! '', 
  quoting ` experts ' when your initial point ( once again ) was that experts were n't reliable ? 
  you dont know what youre talking about , and have no grasp of the situation in the me and what part iran plays in it . 
  their national motto is literally `` death to america '' and the us has every right to sanction their weapons programs . 
  the deal is pretty clear cut . 
  halt the nuclear weapons program and us will lift sanctions on x. 
  if the us wants to sanction y , they ware well within their bounds . 
  its ridiculous that the us is criticized for sanctioning the missile program of a country whos national motto is literally `` death to america '', 
  by inaction he means the fact that the us literally had to force europe to agree to inact any sanctions on russia after the malaysian flight and ukraine . 
  i read a report that john kerry was actually shouting at people lol, 
  holy cow i had no idea russia had conscripted soldiers , thanks for the info . 
  the two terms are pretty much synonymous . 
  also ( at least in the us ) overseas high risk security jobs pay very well and many contractors are married . 
   this only deals with medical trans no it does n't . 
  thats the problem . 
  us polling companies claim that there is around 4000 trans service members out of 1.3 million ( granted the estimates do n't have a lot of info to work off of ) . 
  its hilarious that the administration is making an issue of this . 
  the magnitsky act is the biggest thorn in his side by a wide margin . 
  but these new sanctions are incredibly potent , and if nothing else demonstrates that congress has zero intention on repealing the act any time soon . 
  it passed . 
  i 'm curious if the eu wants to make russia their hill to die on . 
  this guy eats rocks, 
  the us does n't see russia as a potential partner anymore . 
  it blows my mind that europe is taking such a spineless stance considering the invasion of ukraine , but that 's a different beast . 
  they 've crossed the rubicon in terms of syria and the election . 
  they will be punished for that and there is nothing they can do to get out of it . 
  the only promise is that pulling out of ukraine will usher in talks where sanctions might be eased . 
  the us is n't going to allow russia to get away with this because germany and austria want cheaper gas . 
   does n't call for sanctions though , and certainly not sanctions that hurt our businesses sanctions hurt both sides unfortunately . 
  and if germany , austria , and a handful of other eu nations want to do business with a plutocratic geopolitical foe , sanctions are the price of doing business . 
   i do n't like to see the us take advantage of europe you dont want to see the us take advantage of europe , but you do n't have any qualms with russia shooting down european passenger jets , invading european nations , and trying to meddle in your elections . 
  this is why these sanctions will pass , and why the us are n't worried about retaliatory sanctions from the eu . 
  its not random . 
  the us does n't sanction geopolitical assets . 
  america does n't sanction saudi arabia despite their numerous human rights abuses either . 
  if the government of turkey or saudi arabia actively try to harm the us to the point it outweighs their usefulness - they will be sanctioned . 
  the us state department is n't throwing darts at a board . 
   russia `` election hacking '' is really standard and should just be called russian news/propaganda it goes far beyond simple propaganda and misinformation . 
  it involved coordinated cyberattack on us electoral institutions and private citizens by the russian government . 
   it 's something we have been dealing with for decades no offense but `` russia always tries to influence european elections , its just the way things are you simply have to accept it '' highlights some fundamental differences in the line of thinking between us and eu . 
  you 've been dealing with it for decades , the us is dealing with it now . 
  you 're using a logical fallacy called tu quoque ( appealing to hypocrisy ) . 
  turkey , its role in nato , and eu aspirations have nothing to do with anything ive posted . 
   from syria to ukraine to alleged intervention in us elections why are those considered random . 
  you have russia propping up a gov who uses chemical weapons on its own people . 
  russia invading a sovereign nation , and election hacking . 
   they need to be tied to specific actions they do n't  should be possible to be reversed in a clear course of action us made it clear that lifting sanctions would only be considered when ru pulls out of ukraine, 
   f-35 is a huge hole in the us defense budget . 
  it 's way too costly and has never been used on the field its a new plane . 
  of course it has n't been used in the field . 
  and any development of a 5th gen fleet will be at a huge financial cost . 
  these planes wo n't be ready till the mid 2030s at best - and by that time the us ( and china , probably not russia ) will have moved on to 6th gen. 
  i respect wanting to create your own 5th gen fleet , but the timing is odd considering the roll out of the f-35 . 
  moving away from the turkey vs greece debate ... its interesting to see russia selling off their ` famous ' s-400 to a nato ally . 
  sounds like it was n't all its cracked up to be , would n't be surprised if the huge f-35 push along with advancements in ew sped up the systems obsolescence, 
  i know i 'm gon na come across as a tinfoil hat nut job but this is clearly an attempt to hamstring us social media companies - the law only applies to sites with a 2 million + user base . 
  this coming on top of the massive fines the eu is levying against google ( and leaving the door open for more to come in the future ) . 
  the eu is trying to carve itself out a piece of the tech industry by having the government punish american companies under the guise of tolerance and regulation . 
  i 'm interested if the us is going to push back on this . 
  reading this thread is hilarious `` wow !, 
  merkel is a genius !, 
  so savvy ! '', 
  `` she voted her conscious , ca n't blame her for that ! '', 
  she voted against a basic human right , call a spade a spade for christs sake . 
  literally this open a huge can of worms for google - showing the weather ? 
  you 're hurting websites that report on the weather . 
  traffic conditions ? 
  unfairly promoting google maps over garmin , etc. 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  they now have the opportunity to go after android for packaging in google maps , gmail , chrome etc. 
  which is hilarious because the android platform itself is n't profitable for google . 
  christ just imagine the damage eternalblue would have caused if microsoft did n't get a heads up months before . 
  hopefully these attacks will act like a vaccine and spur these companies to get their heads out of their ass . 
  there 's definitely a case to be made that student athletes should be paid , but its not on the same level of corruption you see in fifa, 
  exactly , these shitty us bankers abused loopholes and gamed the system when financial regulations were stripped over the years . 
  vw actively defrauded the epa . 
  the comparison is ridiculous, 
  in the nfl was corrupt like fifa the us would go after them in a heart beat . 
  there 's a zero tolerance policy for fuckery in american sports, 
  i 'm not old , you 're just being intellectually dishonest . 
  the world is n't black and white - theres shitty people and shitty motivations on both sides . 
  just because the us has ulterior motives does n't absolve assad of the crimes he commits . 
  your evidence that assad never gassed his own people came from watching a few interviews with him ?
