  lithuania , latvia , my sincerest condolences on not beating russia . 
  nah , not because erdogan is crazy . 
  because the russians are bombing all rebel factions fighting assad 's government , not just daesh . 
  namely , russia is bombing the turkmen rebels in syria , whom turkey is supporting , and that particular plane itself was bombing the turkmen as well . 
  and russia will completely ignore its ' existence as soon as it becomes inconvenient for them . 
  mostly , it 's because estonia lacks the capabilities to shoot down fighter aircraft . 
  i would n't put it past an estonian military officer to have the guts and recklessness to shoot down a violating russian jet . 
  of course , because estonians do n't have the capability , the decision is in the hands of visiting nato interceptor pilots , who are likely more cautious . 
  heh , yeah , the picture 's a bit misleading . 
  the a-10s are there for training cas coordination with baltic ground troops . 
  there are actual fighter aircraft at \u00c4mari , just not pictured . 
  i 'm pretty sure moldova gave its ' russian minorities citizenship from the very start . 
  did n't make them loyal enough to not break away and form transnistria . 
  you 're forgetting poland here . 
  pretty sure poland would step in even if western and southern euroderp just goes into deep concern mode . 
  at this stage , what the air force chief has said is nothing but a rumor and hearsay . 
  there has been no formal complaint by anyone , even though physical assault is clearly a crime and i 'd expect a professional soldier would know well enough report something like that through official channels , giving the police something to investigate . 
  except who wants an investigation . 
  it 's much easier to use an insubstantial rumor to state as fact that the racists in question were from the nationalist opposition party and label the entire party as backwards and racist . 
  they do , except the head of the estonian air force is n't an official press representative and i 'm fairly certain he violated said guidelines in making his statement . 
  especially considering the actual military press representatives said a few hours later that no official complaints had been made by allied troops , despite physical assault being a criminal offense a soldier should know to report to the authorities . 
  i 'd say historical oppressors is a better term than enemies . 
  not booming , perhaps , but there is growth . 
  besides , in current the security environment , a boom crash may be worse for estonia than slow growth . 
  honestly , why * do * we need to export to russia ? 
  exports to russia have always been subject to sudden political chills because some oligarch or top politician decides they do n't like something we 've done ( or something we * have n't * done that they expected us to do ) . 
  it 's just not a market where predictable rule of law works . 
  if our producers always need to be prepared to suddenly shift their exports to europe because russian politics , then why not just continuously export to europe and abandon the russian market ? 
  i know such disillusioned people as well , but they all vote ekre , not the russophiles of centre . 
  which is n't a bad thing . 
  if the seats were strictly proportional to population , it would just be a continuous stream of a triumvirate consisting of germany , france and either the uk or italy deciding what 's best for the union with no practical reason to pay attention to the complaints of the smaller members of the bloc . 
  which , in turn , would mean the smaller members never join because they 'd effectively be signing their sovereignty away to that triumvirate . 
  basically , it 's a question of `` do we want to make the votes of rural minorities completely irrelevant to the overall outcome ? '', 
  there 's no abandoning the electoral college system without first abandoning fptp in favor of a more proportional system . 
  it could happen , but leaping into the unknown by completely changing how the elections work is pretty scary too . 
  no politician wants to risk permanently destroying their chances of being reelected , and no voter wants to risk their demographic becoming permanently irrelevant . 
  why would we want estonians to have six toes like you latvians do ? 
  military exercises do n't have to be about anything specific , you know . 
  it can just be general training . 
  do you think every military exercise the us military conducts on us territory is because `` omg mexico/canada/russia are about to invade !, 
  estonia has existed since it gained independence in 1918 . 
  independence was restored in 1991 , along with the return of the government-in-exile . 
  saying estonia gained independence in 1991 is like saying poland gained independence in 1945 , when the soviets installed the communist regime after liberating the country from the germans . 
  in estonia 's case , there 's a historical stigma to having too much power in the hands of a single person or a small group . 
  estonia did have a directly-elected president between the two world wars . 
  it ended with president p\u00e4ts creating a dictatorship to prevent a popular fascist movement from taking power . 
  when estonian independence was restored after the soviet occupation and a new constitution was drafted , the basic principle was that the parliament was the highest power ( after the people , of course ) . 
  the parliament had to have the power to impeach the president and the prime minister ( and his cabinet ) if they got corrupt , tyrannical or otherwise went beyond their mandate . 
  if the people elected the president or the prime minister directly , then the parliament recalling them would be the parliament overruling the will of the people , which definitely goes against the principles of democracy . 
  on the other hand , it 's also not a good idea to allow recalling president or prime minister by referendums . 
  a referendum would always require some arbitrary amount of signatures to be started . 
  then you 'd end up with never having referendums ( because it 's too hard to get enough signatures ) or have the country paralyzed by constant referendums ( because it 's too easy for a tiny unhappy minority to have enough signatures to start a referendum ) . 
  the estonian presidency is mostly a ceremonial position . 
  she 's not the head of the executive branch , like the us president . 
  she has an important check-and-balance function in regards to new legislation , and she can hypothetically declare a state of emergency if the parliament and government are unable to do so ( which basically means : if russia invades , the president can give permission to the military to fight back ) although our executive branch is n't elected by direct vote either : after a parliamentary election is won , the winning coalition of parties forms the executive cabinet headed by the prime minister . 
  this avoids the issue of dysfunctional governments because the executive and the legislative branches are headed by different parties that want to sabotage each other . 
  whatever party is in control of the parliament , is also in control of the executive . 
  basically , the only public elections in estonia are the parliamentary election and local governments . 
  and really , those are the only ones that matter . 
  our multi-party parliament represents the political structure of our population rather accurately , instead of the population being forced to get behind one of two major parties . 
  i 've checked eu statistics and they 're completely misleading . 
  women earn as much as men , when they are on the same job . 
  what those statistics are saying , is that estonian women are more likely to be in poorly paid jobs than men . 
  that is an issue too , of course , but the gap of women getting paid less for doing the same job has been essentially eradicated in estonia . 
  yes, 
  the election took place in parliament . 
  it was n't a public election . 
  the estonian farmers have started producing more since the price war began , in an effort to try and compete with the polish economy of scale . 
  not what the protest is about . 
  the protest is about milk processing companies not paying enough for the raw milk that the ( less subsidized ) estonian farmers produce and choosing to import from ( more subsidized ) polish milk farmers instead . 
  it is completely , hilariously wrong . 
  the protest is happening because of a price war happening between estonian milk processing companies . 
  that , and the low price of polish-produced milk , are what 's driving down the price of raw milk in estonia . 
  the impact of the sanctions on russia is not playing into this in the slightest . 
  all hail the true finno-ugric heirs of rome !, 
  although , if you had a russian flair , you probably would need the / s there . 
  well true , the are more complicated aspects to it . 
  at one point , lithuania considered it a point of pride that they had already decided on the route of the rail line through their country , while estonia and latvia were busy figuring out where they can build through their countries . 
  and now the problem is , the latvian and polish ends for the rail line are not quite compatible with where lithuania originally planned to lay the line . 
  so if the rail line ends up being built according to the current route plans , the rail line will needs to do a few sharp turns at both lithuanian borders . 
  turn so sharp , the train needs to slow down significantly to not fly off the rails . 
  and lithuania is not large enough for it to be worth accelerating the train back up to full speed inside lithuania . 
  there are , of course , local politics involved as well . 
  since nobody wants rail baltic cutting their town or village in half , there 's a limit to were the rail line can feasibly be built . 
  because rail baltic is not going to have level crossings . 
  only bridges over or under the rail line , and fences along both sides of it to prevent accidents or tampering, 
  basically , lithuania demanded that rail baltic needs to make some twists and turns in southern lithuania to pass through both kaunas as well as ~ ~ vilnius ~ ~ salacsgriva . 
  which basically means that the high-speed train needs to slow down to as speed of 70-90km / h for a pretty long stretch over there . 
  which seriously cripples one of the main commersial reasons for rail baltic : fast cargo train connection with europe . 
  but no , lithuanians ca n't bear to have rail baltic 's only stopping in kaunas and going straight on to europe . 
  e-residents are not citizens . 
  though you are not forbidden from protecting your investments in estonia and support the defense financially , or with political activism . 
  or hell , if you 're really dedicated , i doubt estonia will be turning away foreign volunteer fighters in that situation . 
  if/when brexit finally kicks in , i imagine estonian e-residency will become a convenient way for british entrepreneurs to have a foot inside the eu without compromising their ability to work out of the financial center that is london . 
  grybauskaite is too old to produce an heir . 
  the ' ----- age of grybauskaite ' penalty prevents the marriage . 
  ( it was money ), 
  nope , the assurances were never a defensive pact of any kind . 
  russia and america both gave assurances they would n't try to force border changes on ukraine if ukraine gives up their nukes . 
  russia broke those assurances .
