old post , but i 've realized very few people have noticed the following aspect . 
  russia is n't interested in having estonia . 
  it 's interested in its ' geopolitical opponents ( real or imaginary ) ** not ** having estonia . 
  after all , russia does have that weird , paranoid siege mentality that everyone keeps forgetting about , because it 's completely insane . 
  estonia is always going to have to rely on its ' allies for air cover . 
  we an air force as a branch of service , but the service just responsible for airfields , radar stations and a couple of unarmed training and transport aircraft . 
  the maintenance costs of an air combat force are just too much for our gdp to handle . 
  when greece is being offered a strict stance , they act as if they are being punished and humiliated . 
  continuously bailing out greek debt is not socially viable in germany and in eastern europe . 
  this was also right after the financial crash . 
  energy consumption did go down , but not quite the way you 'd expect . 
  in residential consumption , people chose to switch away from natural gas heating and cooking devices , mainly in favor of electrics . 
  but at the same time , quite a few industrial companies ( large consumers of electricity ) went bankrupt or reduced production . 
  in addition , there 's the matter of climate . 
  the recent winters have been much warmer than before , resulting in less energy consumption needed for winter heating . 
  basically , bans like this are a `` normal '' risk of doing business in russia . 
  it happens all the time . 
  enterprises that are still in business either make preparations for this kind of thing and have connections to other potential buyers if russia decides to ban something again . 
  or simply make the long-term decision to stop trading with a partner as unreliable as russia . 
  estonian businesses that have n't done either of these already went out of business around 2007 , following the [ bronze soldier riots ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bronze_night ) . 
  i 'm sure other baltic countries have had similar `` cold '' periods in their relations with russia , during which russia has banned imports of stuff . 
  media scare tactics during the referendum , mostly . 
  and general pr incompetence on the part of euroskeptics at the time . 
  not a good idea . 
  the result will be a bunch of russian-speaking muslims who are mostly exposed to the media channels of a certain country to the east . 
  it does , but the accusers just ignore any rebuttals and pretend their accusations were n't disproven . 
  no , they do have a right to determine their fate . 
  if they want to live in their own nation-state , then russia already exists . 
  they can move to russia , instead of demanding borders be changed so that russia comes to them . 
  except crimea did n't become independent . 
  it became a part of russia . 
  if the people of eastern siberia want to become a part of china , will russia still be saying that they every right to do it according to international law and the principle of self-determination ? 
  on top of that , it was n't the indigenous population of crimea , the crimean tatars , who `` self-determinated '' to be a part of russia . 
  the people that voted were ethnic russian colonists who were settled in the area by the russian empire and the soviet union . 
   unless i 'm much mistakes the usaf w / some token allies would have air supremacy pretty rapidly . 
  not necessarily . 
  while numbers are in the favor of the usaf , the problem with nato air supremacy in the baltics is the lack of safe military airfields . 
  russia has airfields close enough to the baltics and poland that they can hit airbases in the baltic states and north poland before nato planes have time to take off . 
  which would leave the usaf having to fly out all the way from germany , since sweden and finland are not part of nato . 
  unless of course the usaf does a preemptive first strike on the threatening russian airbases , which obviously is never going to happen . 
  welcome to modern journalism , where the title needs to be clickbait and does n't need to be addressed in the article . 
  unless they 're convinced the west is n't willing to start nuclear apocalypse over something as `` minor '' as the baltic states . 
  words were coming out of his mouth , but they were not forming any meaningful sentence . 
  the importance of london , maybe . 
  i do n't think london is a good example to generalize to major cities in general . 
  unless you mean to define the term ` major city ' based on their influence in global affairs . 
  well , the left-wing ones are usually about soviet nostalgia , the right-wing ones are about russian nationalism and exceptionalism . 
  even so , mayors have nothing to do with foreign policy , other than influencing politicians closer to the top . 
  well , edgar 's current heir apparent is yana toom ... who is about as pro-russian as one can get without simultaneously waving full-size soviet and russian flags and chanting `` rossija ! '' ... 
  edit : ... in tallinn 's freedom square . 
  a ( con ) federation of the three probably would n't work at all , unless we 're talking about a situation where one of the three is a minority undemocratically ruling over the other two . 
  the language differences are very significant . 
  especially since estonian is a finno-ugric language , while latvian and lithuanian are both indo-european languages . 
  they 're not even in the same language family , despite geographical proximity . 
  basically , going from one official language to three would cause such massive overheads in all bureaucracy that the cost and complexity of keeping a functioning government running would outweigh any economic or political benefits . 
  in fact , having to get estonian , latvian and lithuanian politicians to agree on stuff would probably make foreign policy even slower and less efficient at being noisy than it is now , when it 's three sovereign states . 
  no historical animosity as such . 
  we all have some jabs at each other in anecdotes , of course , but nothing any reasonable person would consider offensive . 
  during the 20 years of independence prior to the occupation , the gdp of the baltic states was roughly on the same level as finland , or actually higher than finland in the case of estonia , and followed the same economic trends as the gdp of finland . 
  on the basis of finland , we can extrapolate how successful the countries would have been , if the soviet occupation had not held them back from making their own economic choices . 
  holy shit i wish estonia was getting that much euromonies . 
  but estonia is ee and the amount we 're getting is fourth lowest , with only malta , cyprus and croatia below us . 
  estonia and the other three countries being the only ones that get less than 1bn . 
   ~ ~ warsaw pact and the ussr ~ ~ russian sfsr ; \u0ca5_\u0ca5 such a catastrophe ... ftfy, 
  there 's still hope . 
  `` taking care of our friends '' is something russian intelligence takes quite seriously . 
  they do need to show spies and traitors that russia 's got their back when they get caught . 
  calling it now : once the muslim mods wake up , this whole thread is getting removed for not being relevant to europe because 60 minutes is an american show . 
  or because it 's offensive to muslims and somalis . 
  the first one , in 1918 . 
  the restoration of independence day is in august, 
  before the russian shills start showing up and saying this is just retaliation for russia arresting an estonian businessman , all three of these people were arrested more than a week ago . 
  it 's only now that the first round of court proceedings is complete that they 've been found guilty . 
  just happened a few days ago , when they arrested an estonian businessman waiting for a connection flight in a russian airport . 
   estonia probably has her own aircraft ( including civil aviation , not just military ) which probably have clipped russian airspace . 
  welp , time to say something , i suppose . 
  the current inventory of the estonian air force is two transports and six training aircraft , and none of them have ever violated russian airspace . 
  the only instance of estonian aircraft violating russian airspace was a civilian training flight in 2006 . 
  as opposed to russian aircraft violating estonian airspace three times a year , on average . 
  considering how absolutely fucking terrifying the russian threat is to us in the light of the the georgian war in 2008 and the ongoing invasion of ukraine , there 's not a chance in hell any estonian plane , civilian or military , would risk straying anywhere near russian airspace without pre-arranging flight corridors with russian authorities . 
  if the global situation were any more tense than it already is , we 'd probably be willing to shoot down our own planes if they were at risk of accidentally violating russian airspace . 
  the problem with the video is , the internet voting model he describes is a strawman . 
  tom scott describes the risks of internet voting ... and then completely neglects to mention the safeguards used by the estonian system , leaving the audience with the clear implication that those security concerns are unsolvable . 
  there is also a double standard involved : he does acknowledge that ballot voting is n't 100 % safe from fraud , but then insists that an electronic/internet voting system that is n't 100 % fraud-proof is not secure enough, 
  to be fair , there are a number of problems with the new estonian civil partnership law . 
  the controversy is n't just a matter of gay rights to estonian conservatives , it 's about the conservatives and their opinion being largely ignored in the legislative process because the liberals and soc . 
  dems . 
  will always have a majority over them . 
  they feel that they 're being shut out of the democratic process by an opposing ideology . 
  if the liberals just keep ignoring the conservatives and calling them racist/sexist/backwards each time they protest about something , then some of those conservatives will undoubtedly radicalize . 
  on top of that , lawyers have found actual legal defects and significant ambiguity in the cohabitation law itself . 
  this makes it the first instance of estonian law where it is up to the courts to actually determine what certain paragraphs of the law are supposed to mean in practice . 
  this precedent in law-making is disliked by a lot of politicians , lawyers and others working with the judicial system , not just conservatives . 
  anecdotally , a lawyer i know said that if this was n't the `` gay rights law '' , the parliament would have already struck it down and started over to make a less dysfunctional version of the law . 
  and to preempt any accusations of bigotry , i 'm not opposed to gay marriage in the slightest . 
  but the passing of this law was definitely a fucking mess . 
  the parliament should definitely have refined the law further , instead of just knee-jerking and crying `` bigot '' every time anyone tried to criticize the upcoming law . 
  except it seems unlikely that politics was not one reason for the behavior of the police . 
  they admitted the reason for not making public announcements about the surge in crimes was because they were afraid it would increase the popularity of an opposition party . 
  and we 're just supposed to believe there was no political reasoning behind not arresting the alleged rapists ?
