   so what about the celts/romans/nords who settled england ? 
  literally all of human history is people settling on other people 's land . 
  it 's been proven that the dna of white britons is still something like 70-80 % composed of the dna of those britons who lived on the island during the stone age . 
  despite many invasions there has n't really ever been ethnic displacement - that 's more of a modern phenomenon . 
   i 'd wager it has to do with the theocratic , militant , and corrupt governments they elected . 
  israel contributes , but they 're not alone in the blame . 
  we 're not disagreeing on that point . 
  i said ' a lot ' , not ` solely ' . 
   conquest is not theft . 
  if it were , you 'd still have a dozen kingdoms in england and hundreds in europe . 
  conquest is a form of theft , and populations in europe always resisted it , often for a very long time . 
  to continue to operate by these medieval standards is insane . 
   so , rather than fighting and defending your home , you 'd just leave ? 
  like i said , your analogy does n't really work as i would n't have moved into your home in the first place . 
  and there is real racism in israeli society towards them . 
   were there not turkish troops in palestine ? 
  were there not british troops and british colonial officers ? 
  does that not count as `` occupation '' ? 
  hundreds of thousands of turks did n't go to live and force out the arabs . 
   i 'm sorry - they `` occupied '' the land ( in a militaristic sense , not a literal one , obviously ) by purchasing the land and living there ? 
  seriously ? 
  i think we 're getting stuck over the use of the word occupied . 
  i do n't mean in a militaristic sense ( though it certainly took that form in 1948 ) , just a literal one . 
  i 'd be happy to use the word `` settle '' or `` colonise '' . 
   palestine was wiped from history ? 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  where ? 
  how ? 
  this erasure has been termed as * memoricide * by historian ilan pappe in * the ethnic cleansing of palestine * . 
  nur masalha , elaborating further , writes : `` the founding myths of israel have dictated the conceptual removal of palestinians before , during and after their physical removal in 1948 ... 
  the de-arabisation of palestine , the erasure of palestinian history and the elimination of the palestinian 's collective memory by the israeli state are no less violent than the ethnic cleansing of the palestinians in 1948 and the destruction of historic palestine : this elimination is central to the construction of a hegemonic collective israeli-zionist-jewish identity in the state of israel '' . 
  palestinian villages were razed and replaced by jewish villages . 
  israeli museums do not mention the palestinians , and if they do , say they were nomads who intermittently passed through the ` desert ' . 
   ah , great , go back into the past and correct what you perceive as `` wrong '' . 
  i suppose the american/canadian/australian / kiwi settlers should all have been corrected as well , yeah ? 
  yes , they should never have settled in those lands given their treatment of the native peoples . 
  i do n't see how you can believe otherwise . 
   why on earth would they do something as moronic as that ? 
  not only would the demographic changes be a significant issue , the sheer financial cost of bringing this third world shithole into the modern world would be astronomical . 
  not to mention the fact that militant organizations like hamas would still exist . 
  they would n't . 
  but by all rights , they should . 
  the reason it 's a third world hellhole has a lot to do with israel . 
   see , israel actually tried disengaging from palestine and giving them self-control in 2005 . 
  almost immediately the palestinians in gaza started waging war on israel again . 
  curious as to why letting them into israel would solve this clear violence problem . 
  hamas only have support from palestinians whilst palestinians see themselves as an oppressed group with nobody else to turn to . 
  they may have been given self-control but they were not given back their ancestral lands , the theft of which drives the violence . 
   you would `` understand my reaction '' but that was n't the question . 
  would you kill me ? 
  if i were trying to kill you ? 
  would you not neutralize the threat which was putting your life and property at risk ? 
  in your analogy , i 'd leave . 
  this is of course a pointless analogy because i would n't have done anything to harm you in the first place . 
   actually their land was occupied by the turks until 1918 , then it was occupied by the british , who then gave the land to the jews , who created the israeli state . 
  jews were migrating to the region prior to that - but calling immigration occupation is completely idiotic . 
  there is a difference between occupation and control and you know it . 
  english settlers occupied america , the british controlled kenya . 
  the jews bought arab land , set up exclusively jewish communities , then when the time was right evicted palestinians from their homes and wiped them from history . 
   well , what 's israel to do ? 
  stop fighting the terrorists in palestine because some palestinians are suffering ? 
  that 's nonsensical . 
  go back in time and prevent itself from existing in the first place would be great , but failing that - agree to a one-state solution , send humanitarian aid to the people of palestine , and embrace the right of return . 
  of course , they wo n't do that , but it would stop the impetus of many terrorist attacks . 
  even you must realise that a ` war on terror ' can never work - there will always be new fighters because you can not kill an idea . 
   imagine i set up a machine gun in the house across the road from yours . 
  your neighbours were in the same room where i am with the machine gun . 
  i 'm firing wildly at your property , and from time to time i hit you or your family members . 
  do you just leave me be because your neighbours would suffer if you tried to stop me , or do you call the police and have me `` dealt with '' ? 
  if you were firing at me because i 'd seized your property and evicted you due to the fact that my great-great-great-great grandfather had once lived there ( though there are n't any documents proving he was my relative ) , and then had forced you to live in the shed at the end of your garden , i 'd probably understand your reaction . 
  all israelis are european settlers . 
   their land is being occupied because their government ( on multiple occasions ) tried to wage war on israel . 
  their land is being occupied because zionists in the 1890s onwards thought it would be a good idea , actually . 
   you just made the `` not all x '' claim . 
  it 's an obvious claim which was pointless to make . 
  not at all , actually . 
  the original poster referred to ` them ' , seemingly generalising all palestinians . 
  that 's what i was arguing against . 
  palestinian children do not deserve what 's being done to them because of the decisions of their government , and even if i was subject to palestinian terrorism i would not think this . 
  would you punish all germans who voted for hitler in the way palestinians have been punished ? 
  i did n't say hamas was n't supported , so come off it . 
  palestinian terrorists \u2260 all the palestinian people, 
  the eu has very few fundamental limitations . 
  but it 's a question of what will realistically be changed , and the fact that turks will be able to travel visa-free in the schengen area is indicative of the way things are going . 
  and your comparison of the eu with the usa is telling . 
  its eventual goal is to become a federal state , and most britons do not want to be a part of that state . 
  other european countries do , and they 're welcome to it . 
  my mistake - i was thinking of turkey 's population . 
  it 's still around 50 million , though . 
   and are fully integrated do you seriously think that these people will be ` fully integrated ' in eight years ? 
  some of their most fundamental beliefs contradict the ideals of the enlightenment upon which western civilisation is founded . 
   also , why would someone go from germany to the uk if he receives generous financial support ? 
  many of them already speak english , not german . 
  but there is still freedom of travel within the eu . 
  anyone with an eu passport can get into the uk with no problems . 
  how long is it going to be before germany under merkel issues these people with german passports ? 
  and then there 's this - http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09eb15d4-e545-11e5-bc31-138df2ae9ee6.html . 
  inviting 50 million sunni muslims into the eu is a horrific idea . 
  not eastern europeans really , but the refugee crisis has shown that the eu is completely unable to regulate its own borders and many britons do n't want to be a part of that .
