yeah , getting both of those experiences on a first trip to france is pretty exceptional . 
  how did you get the one-on-one with the mona lisa , op ? 
  he definitely makes some good points - but does n't seem to propose an alternative apart from just letting it happen . 
  not to be that guy , but it 's yoke , not yolk . 
  the latter is found in eggs . 
  good idea . 
  i 'm therefore adding my contribution ( literal : i 'm adding my stone to the edifice ) . 
  perhaps other compatriots will do the same ? 
  it pretty crazy that you know someone who can trace his ancestry , father to son , through the archdukes of austria , holy roman emperors , and all the way back to the king of the romans in like 800 ad . 
  did you ever talk to him about his ancestry/family history ? 
  oh - is this him ? 
  ferdinand zvonimir maria balthus keith michael otto antal bahnam leonhard habsburg-lothringen , rightful archduke of austria , and son of karl von habsburg , is 17 and is pretty good at motor-racing . 
  [ he also does n't look too inbred . 
  it was used to host the great exhibition in 1851 . 
  there was a festival of britain in 1951 , so who knows - the crystal palace might be rebuilt for the next one in 2051 . 
  as empires go , britain was n't actually that bad . 
  emphasis on * as empires go * . 
   the picts and gaels and bretons were the aboriginal people of the uk so , let me get this straight . 
  these people arrived in britain first , and then later on their descendants intermingled and fought over generations with various waves of people who arrived later on . 
  now the mixed descendants of all these peoples now live in britain , and this somehow constitutes genocide ? 
  because we do n't have pure pictish culture in scotland ? 
  these are ridiculous claims . 
   the dissolution of entire cultures , including oral/written histories , native craftsmanship let 's take the picts as an example . 
  pictish language and culture did not disappear suddenly as a result of some kind of ethnic cleansing , it 's simply that the kingdom of alba slowly became gaelicised , and descendants of the picts eventually came to speak gaelic . 
  due to other influences and innovation , their culture was changed over time . 
  ** their culture was not systematically destroyed by an outside oppressor ** , and the same is true of peoples across europe . 
  where do you think the europeans living in europe today came from ? 
  it entirely depends on where you draw the line - the basques are assumed to descend from the populations of the atlantic bronze age directly , whilst early indo-european groups ( including the beaker people who later became celts/picts ) arrived in europe later on , by the bronze age . 
  are the picts therefore not indigenous to europe ? 
  i suppose it does n't matter that their culture was n't preserved , then . 
  you seem to have this idea of a preserved culture , but that really only happens in societies that do not intermingle with other societies and their cultures ( see : native americans , sami ) and thus do not advance , both socially and culturally . 
  the reason we do not see pictish craftsmanship is that the picts encountered new , better methods of making things , not because their society was purposely eradicated . 
  you may notice that we 're not speaking old english , and anglo-saxon craftsmanship has not been preserved or cherished in england , but the anglo-saxons were n't ethnically cleansed . 
  on behalf of my country , i apologise for the package holiday tourists . 
  please do come visit ; we 're quite nice really . 
  i did n't say there were no atrocities . 
  furthermore , to claim the picts were completely wiped out by the vikings is ridiculous - there is evidence that some settlements had their inhabitants driven out , but not for a complete ethnic cleansing . 
  it 's still irrelevant . 
  was the norse culture not just as ` native european ' as that of the picts ? 
  at no point in europe 's history were all its collective peoples attacked and nearly destroyed by an outside aggressor , as took place in the united states . 
  it just did n't happen . 
  yes , there were inter-tribal wars , but the reason why you do n't see people living in the manner they did 8000 years ago in europe is * not * because of ethnic cleansing , it 's because of cultural and scientific advancement . 
  it 's a ridiculous assertion , as the descendants of those people still form the vast majority of europe 's population and have their own nations , laws and cultures . 
  none , but the point is not about culture , it is about the descendants of the european population , who are the europeans of today . 
  you ca n't claim ` genocide ' because of cultural advancement and intermingling . 
  as a british person whose family roots lie mainly in northern england , i 'm probably got a lot of scandinavian ( viking ) blood in me . 
  but i do n't say that i 'm not a native of britain as my ancestors imposed their culture and slaughtered the ` native ' people living in britain at the time ( the anglo-saxons ) as that would be both stupid and wrong . 
  for over 10,000 years people have been moving into - and out of - britain , sometimes in substantial numbers , yet there has always been a basic continuity of population . 
  this is very different to what occurred in the early united states . 
  a distinct people were fundamentally dispossessed , disenfranchised , killed , driven off their lands and forced into reservations . 
  genocide has occurred in europe , but the movement of peoples and evolution of languages and cultures as a result does not constitute genocide . 
  are the sami being ` wiped out ' because they do n't always wear traditional clothing , speak swedish/norwegian/finnish , drive snowmobiles and eat processed food ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  either he got that mixed up or he 's trolling . 
  there 's no way he 's serious . 
  i like that a dane is teaching an american about freedom in this thread . 
  the alternative is war with russia , which is a horrible idea . 
  there is very little the west can/should do in the region beyond economic sanctions . 
  ` merry old england ' * clenches fists in rage *, 
  it is quite funny how he shows so much compassion for those poor syrians and then goes on a bigoted tirade against the irish . 
  real consistent . 
  people should not be trained from birth to be doctors ( or any other profession ) because the vast majority of people should not have their role in life defined from birth . 
  those in royal families are literally unable to have normal lives and live as normal , private citizens . 
  they sacrifice that potential to serve the nation and their people . 
   or you could have prince charles promoting medical quackery and getting university staff fired . 
  i did n't say the hereditary system was perfect , i simply stated it was the best way of going about it . 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . '' it 's similar to that . 
  if you wanted to have ( a phrase i 've repeated a lot ) a head of state who is trained from birth to be apolitical , uncontroversial and ambassadorial , what other system would you pick ? 
  random selection ? 
  because doctors are n't selected at birth to be doctors ? 
  if you want an apolitical , uncontroversial and ambassadorial head of state ( delegating the actual reins of power to a democratically elected prime minister or something similar ) they pretty much have to be selected through hereditary means or else nobody would ever agree on who to select , making that potential person inherently political . 
  if you 're going to have a person as your head of state who is trained from birth to be apolitical , uncontroversial and ambassadorial there 's no better way of selecting them than a hereditary method as they can learn it from their parents or grandparents . 
  that 's not the same argument at all . 
  / u/wonglik was n't advocating for absolute monarchy . 
   no official social inequality does it even matter when the usa has massive social inequality anyway ? 
   the explicit intent of suppressing the revolution on which our modern day democratic values are celebrated napoleon was an absolute monarch and britain was a constitutional monarchy with a strong parliament . 
   we did n't commemorate austerlitz http://i.imgur.com/sfsrscv.jpg lol, 
  but russia has annexed territory * in europe itself * and still almost won . 
  the u.s. trained bin laden in how to fight subversive , asymmetrical warfare . 
  the swiss school taught kim . . maths and history ? 
  it 's not the same at all . 
  all i was saying is that europe and the us are n't directly comparable in the way you originally suggested , not that the us was n't an easier country for most people to name leaders from . 
  george bush in texas and jeb bush in florida immediately spring to mind i suppose , as does schwarzenegger . 
  but the usa is one country and europe . . is n't . 
  not really the same . 
  not the guy who said `` their time will come '' . 
  that was a genuine reaction . 
  i also really like [ this flashmob version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbjcqyvtzmo ) . 
  latin is a fantastic alternative - the majority of countries in the eu have a roman heritage in some way or another . 
  same thing here in exeter . 
  looks like we 've got a banter merchant on our hands here, 
  i 'll be honest , i threw that out there as a bait-y comment . 
  i did n't know that the mizrahim voted more for likud , that 's interesting . 
  part of the founding myth of zionism is that israel was ' a land without people ' . 
  i can easily cite scholarly works on this subject - falah ghazi 's in-depth study of the erasure of palestinian material culture revealed that living spaces and other structures that could bear witness to the palestinian past disappeared . 
  structures left standing were schools ( most often built by the british ) , khans ( caravanserai ) , monasteries ( with direct ties to european countries ) , or attractive buildings considered non-arab ( built , for example , during the crusades ) . 
  `` the 1948 israeli-palestinian war and its aftermath : the transformation and de-signification of palestine 's cultural landscape . '' annals of the association of american geographers 86:256 -- 85 . 
  the idea of the ` palestinian nomad ' is also discussed here : http://www.bashirmakhoul.co.uk/publications/books/1.html  there were villages in palestine which muslim arabs lived in ( the same ethnicity as many syrians and jordanians ) . 
  certain villages were wiped out during the fighting , sure , and some were rebuilt as jewish villages after the land was conquered . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_arab_towns_and_villages_depopulated_during_the_1948_palestinian_exodus it 's not just ` certain villages ' , it 's 400 of them .
