  but we cleverly engineered the g36 so it does n't work in the desert !, 
  so berlin has torn down [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/palast_der_republik_berlin_ddr.jpg ) and is currently rebuilding [ what was there before ] ( http://berliner-schloss.de/wp-content/uploads/blick-spreekanal1-300x144.jpg ) . 
  and of course they 're being attacked for the project being a waste of money ... 
  but is there anything better to spend money on than improving quality of life and public aesthetics ? 
  and both voted to get rid of those . 
  the former in a referendum that gave those a voice who had been held down by fptp before and radicalised to such a degree that they used a referendum on a different topic as a release valve and the latter directly through an fptp system that does not reflect actual popular votes . 
  yeah , he retracted his veto but it 's still a watered-down affair . 
  and of course vetoeing it in the first place to please industry does n't make him a true social-democrat in my eyes . 
  really ? 
  even after 2016 has shown twice how dangerous it is ? 
  fptp . 
  that 's why it needs to be destroyed . 
  yes they had concentration camps but there 's a difference being made in historical scholarship on teh holocaust between concentration camps and extermination camps . 
  the former were basically prisons . 
  they were horrible of course and thousands of people died in them . 
  but it was [ the latter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extermination_camp ) that were unique to the third reich and which were there solely to commit genocide on an industrial scale . 
  they are in no way comparable even to the horrible horible gulags of stalinism . 
  in no way . 
  and that 's why i called you a holocaust denier . 
  because [ under german law at least ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial#germany ) downplaying the holocaust is also holocaust denial . 
  yeah the spd , like labour in the uk , has given up on their core values in the 90s . 
  that 's why we 're in this mess of populism in the first place . 
  does n't mean they 're not social democrats in name at least . 
  so they are . 
  i always place them around easter island in my head for some reason . 
  and in the pacific . 
  considering they 're saxonian police they have probably already assembled a task force to find what they call left terrorism . 
  username checks out, 
  and a better colour scheme . 
  probably because the telegraph is basically a tabloid these days framing this story in a nationalistic context ? 
  the same stories ran in german newspapers . 
  they just informed their readers that the dutch government knew and that that was a mistake . 
  the telegraph tries to make a story out of it that this was an intentional attack on britain . 
  it 's pathetic and thus worth downvoting . 
  but it 's fools specifically that are exactly who are causing , is n't it ? 
  so you would n't consider paneer cheese either ? 
  oh , yeah , i agree . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to say but it certainly has nothing to do with my point . 
  i did , [ right here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6rtvep/chinese_tourists_arrested_for_making_hitler/dl8fyqs/ ) in a comment that went , unsurprisingly , unanswered . 
  you 're like one of those `` i do n't agree with what you 're saying but i would die for your right to say it '' idiots . 
  no , no they would n't die for that and you would n't dare do that . 
  but even if you were indoctrinated enough to do it there 's still the fact that your kind of fundamentalism is the same as any fundamentalism : it lacks nuance and compromise which makes it toxic . 
   i literally hold expression equal to human life , in that if i was told to be silent i would refuse in the same way i 'd refuse to take my own life against my will please , please come to germany and do the hitler salute in front of a few police officers . 
  i would love to see your principled stance prevail over our barbaric customs !, 
  oh , and get someone to film it . 
  probably a float by gay american expats ? 
   only proves you do not possess confidence in your own position 's ability to hold up against radical ideas , new or old . 
  no , we do n't possess this confidence . 
  thinking democracy will always prevail over lies and demagoguery is stupid naive idealism . 
  in a `` free market ovideas '' those with the most convincing lies will always win . 
  just like the free market needs state guidance to protect those left behind democracy needs to be fortified . 
  that 's the principle the german federal republic is founded on . 
  i 've heard the myth of the homogeneous anglosphere from a lot of brexiters . 
   we also are far closer to brazilians than to germans are you certain about that or does the common language obscure the differences ? 
  it 's the same with brits thinking they 're closer culturally to americans than germans for example . 
  i can say with absolute certainty that that is a misconception as everyone knows who has spent time in groups of many different nationalities . 
  should one ? 
  i did n't feel proud when germany does . 
   as works fine is n't that what this whole kerfuffle is about ? 
  like clockwork, 
  it 's originally called `` unsere v\u00e4ter , unsere m\u00fctter '' iirc . 
  that 's a good solution to that architectural problem of preserving a building 's history . 
  well they should have let the cast act instead of the crew . 
  well they should have let the cast act instead of the crew . 
  yeah , i sure the eight-year old was blind drunk . 
  idiot . 
  yeah , non-prussians do n't identify with that heritage . 
   not france and germany , totally different times , countries and people e-fucking-xactly . 
  either you say neither country was founded by him or both . 
  do you not know about the division of the frankish empire after charles ' death ? 
  the eastern part is what became germany . 
  look at the name of my region in my flair if you want to learn that the franks were n't just in france . 
  karl der gro\u00dfe founded germany as well . 
  do you seriously not know that france made its assent to reunification dependent on germany 's adoption of the ecu/euro ? 
  that is n't a conspiracy theory , it 's a well-known historical fact . 
  i 'm somewhat shocked you did n't know that . 
  do you seriously not know that france made its assent to reunification dependent on germany 's adoption of the ecu/euro ? 
  that is n't a conspiracy theory , it 's a well-known historical fact . 
  i 'm somewhat shocked you did n't know that . 
  and that scores of countries will follow the uk out of the eu . 
  it 's the first domino , i tell you !, 
  that 's how it worked out according to some . 
  but that does n't change the fact that germany was forced to adopt the euro against its will . 
  the english speaking world still thinks of charlemagne as french , which annoys me to no end . 
  there is an argument to be made that it stopped roman expansion into northern germany as originally conceived by augustus and tiberius . 
   the police did the right thing i see what you did there, 
  what ? 
  german law enforcement is famously ignoring right wing crime and cracking down hard on the left . 
  so much so that there 's a widely used idiom about it : they 're `` auf dem rechten auge blind '' , blind in the right eye . 
  it 's just a way of avoiding saying `` thank god '' . 
  when he 's right , he 's right . 
  of course in this case he is n't right . 
  no true scotsman would be extradited !, 
  you keep saying that but where 's your evidence ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  is it possible you 're mixing up the eu and nato or possibly the un ? 
  it 's not just because of the death penalty . 
  we do n't extradite on principle . 
  period . 
  so how do you feel about the fact that germany does n't extradite people to the us on principle , [ as seen recently ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-12/five-vw-executives-safe-from-u-s-extradition-in-home-country ) .
