  yeah , no , 1600s , after shakespeare and the renaissance . 
  think thirty years war , three musketeers , english civil war , baroque art , louis xiii ~ ~ xiv ~ ~ , absolutism . 
  yes but the eu 's role is to stop war between eu countries not those outside . 
  that 's what we 're talking about here . 
  it 's as if you 're blaming nafta for not stopping the east timor conflict . 
   we 're at peace because france and germany are at peace . 
  and they are at peace because even the risk of war is too costly now . 
  which is literally , literally , why the ecsc was founded . 
  so it is the eu and its predecessors that 's responsible for peace . 
  edit : and how is the superstate ( your words ) of yugoslavia in any way comparable with the voluntary cooperative of sovereign countries that is the eu ? 
   and those outside the eec kept being in conflict before they were included ? 
  or those outside the eu ? 
  like the balkans you mean ? 
  again , you 're not helping your argument at all . 
  you can fight for a soft brexit , though . 
  that would n't go against the referendum question at all . 
  you might not know this but those countries were n't in the eu at the time . 
  the more instructive question would be to ask whether there has been any war since some of them are . 
   we were constantly at war before 1945 so six years before the eu 's precursor was founded . 
  you 're not exactly helping your argument with that . 
  do n't forget that the uk 's cabinet is unelected as well . 
  yes , they 're usually mps but they do n't have to be and furthermore they are only elected by the public to be in parliament , not to be in the cabinet . 
  they 're appointed for these roles . 
  fyi : they 're a well-known troll playing the part of the dumb patriotic american . 
  do n't take them too seriously . 
  not for richelieu . 
  mra and t_d user ? 
  yeah , i 'm not surprised you want the freedom to spread hate . 
  that is our basic law you 're talking about . 
  this article is what all of our country 's institution derive their legitimacy from . 
  it is held dear by every law-abiding german as the very foundation of our civic identity . 
  so let me repeat : fuck.off . 
   thats a shit law fuck off . 
  or instead of one person inciting ten others to be violent now there 's only one . 
  arrested ! = convicted, 
  silencing an anti-whatever will increase the chances of a hate crime . 
  says who ? 
  and do n't say common sense because my common sense says that holocaust deniers should be in prison . 
  common sense is shaped by culture just as much as anything else . 
   i 'd rather avoid the slippery slope all together . 
  think of it this way . 
  society moves faster than government . 
  if government dictates what you can say , you 're basically going to move slower as a nation than if society is allowed to judge you say . 
  if society moves towards holocaust denial as an acceptable thing i 'm glad if the government is slow on the uptake . 
  all your arguments are very abstract and ignore the fact that these are very specific things . 
  our governments ca n't just decide that as of tomorrow it 's illegal to say the word `` yellow '' . 
  they are specific things enshrined in the law for specific reasons . 
   whole argument , my entire point , is that there is no universal benevolent standard in deciding what is hate speech . 
  if you deem every controversial opinion racist , sexist , etc. 
  you close discourse and you do n't move forward anymore . 
  that 's not happening , though . 
  there are very , very exacting standards in the law what is punishable and what is n't . 
  holocaust denial is not the same as saying `` i do n't like brown people '' . 
  the later , while disgusting , is perfectly legal in those countries that have holocaust denial laws . 
   punish actions not words the problem is that we can only do that after the crime has occurred . 
  i 'm all for trying to prevent it in the first place . 
   i seriously ca n't fathom how europe is going about free speech and i seriously ca n't fathom how americans can be so boneheadedly absolutist about free speech . 
  fair enough, 
  let us celebrate winning the battle for a few days before we turn back towards winning the war . 
   cause economic damage to the entire european region the entire world . 
   i know this sub is really happy right now , but almost half the french population wanted to leave the eu if a vote for brexit was n't a vote to destroy the eu in your opinion than you ca n't take a vote for le pen as a vote to leave the eu . 
  also , it 's a third of voters in a vote with low turnout . 
  that 's not half of france . 
  you 're the one evading questions . 
  so what is your answer ? 
   ok let 's phrase this in a simpler way what do brexiters want exactly ? 
  what do you mean by `` even '' the telegraph ? 
  it 's as europhobic as the daily mail , just couched in slightly more eloquent language . 
   regressive you people rail against regressives , progressives and the status quo . 
  what the hell is left then ? 
  it 's high time that shit got thrown out then . 
  hell , sell it to american collectors and use the money to buy proper equipment, 
  you forgot the snp , remoaners , judges and fencers . 
  do n't knock it till you try it . 
  are you saying the top brass do n't actually want anything more to be found ? 
  say it ai n't so !, 
  show me juncker 's racism then . 
  his sexism , his inability to form coherent sentences , his reading level of a third-grader , his unwillingness to sit down and work , his cluelessness about countries other than his own . 
  hell , his cluelessness about his own country . 
  at least you admit that ukip is part of the far right . 
  most brexiters do n't . 
  here , you dropped this : \u00e7 . i 'll never understand how someone can claim to speak a language and not care to spell words correctly . 
  makes you look like a fool . 
  no , they have a great sense of humour , some thinks just do n't translate . 
  he 's really not . 
   the guy makes subversive jokes all the time and freely says and does pretty much whatever he wants . 
  i 've said it before : he 's quite funny but i think his irreverent attitude does n't translate well into english . 
  and since he gives most interviews in french or german i think the anglosphere just takes translations of his ironic statements at face value . 
  we 'll still be stuck with s\u00f6der then ... 
  probably as our king . 
  yeah , he 's an asset , not an agent . 
  millions of them do n't speak french . 
  that 's probably only a very small subset . 
   liberal states would gang up on the conservative ones ** becauss they have more people ** so your idea of real democracy is the minority dictating terms to the majority ? 
  o. . . k. . . 
  the user is a well known trumpster . 
  so no , as ridiculous as it sounds they really believe that . 
   i was on the fence about brexit but now i am very glad we are leaving . 
  i ca n't believe that may 's transparent maneuver worked on you . 
  yes , the eu is an evil evil boogeyman .
