  angela merkel ( in german ) . 
  isbn 3-423-24485-2 . 
   speaking in an interview with london 's times newspaper five days before his inauguration typical anglozone bias from the americans : it was a joint interview with the times and bild . 
  [ it was all over this sub yesterday ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/us-may-lure-more-countries-out-of-eu-says-likely-trump-envoy/ ), 
  his designated ambassador said just yesterday that trying to break up the eu is an `` ingenious idea '' , so yeah , a bit of a more hardline approach to the us is necessary . 
  uk lecturers are among the most cultured and knowledgeable people i know . 
  i 'm angry at the vote as well but let 's not get carried away . 
  well at least we found out how long it takes cyclical history to revolve once : 1 lifetime or roughly 80 years . 
   it could n't be more apparent to me how hated we really are . 
  but you 're really not . 
  what you saw is the backlash of your country basically saying `` we hate all europeans '' ( and no , i do n't want the old sovereignty vs immigration debate , my point is that this is how we saw the vote ) . 
  of course that will change the mood . 
  surely the fact that before the vote you did n't feel that in other countries must tell you that it is a direct result of the vote . 
  i hope you understand that we are not attacking you or your country in this thread , just your idiotic countrymen that are cheering this on . 
  i 'm sorry you have to go through this , mate . 
  eh , wales will stay , so they will still be able to call themselves a united kingdom . 
  what 's chaotic about german politics at the moment ? 
  genuinely asking . 
  can you tell the scots please ? 
   the uk may be leaving the eu , but culturally speaking it will always be part of europe i think they have just demonstrated that culturally speaking they do not see themselves as part of europe . 
  yeah ... merkel . . we all know she 's a dictator deciding every single policy of the eu ... 
  the rhetoric of her speech was incredibly dismissive though ( `` the country has come together '' ? 
  really ? ) . 
  depending on how sturgeon decides to spin this i can see scottish opinion turning . 
  not enough that it would win a referendum but enough that subsequent events might sway the vote . 
   we are going to be a good friend to you provided you want free trade with us . 
  friendship is not about economic transactions . 
  i 'll never understand that inferiority complex . 
  i 've never met a european who did n't either love the uk or was indifferent towards it . 
  never hate . 
  never . 
  it 's always only been those that told us they hate us ( i.e. 
  brexiters ) that we hated , never the uk itself or its people . 
  how is being pro-eu leftwing ? 
  the majority of tory mps are remainers . 
  let 's wait for the next poll after may 's hardline speech , shall we ? 
  marmite is already too bloody expensive here !, 
  the eu does n't strive to kill the nation state . 
  that 's a shit meme nobody who 's actually european believes . 
   we underestimated how emotional the eu is for you . 
  and those that still think there will be single market membership without fom still do . 
  not that it matters now that even may has gotten the memo and committed to rock hard brexit . 
  that trump has no leg to stand on when he criticises our chancellor for cleaning up america 's mess if he is n't ready to accept as many refugees as we have . 
  it 's not an * ad hominem * if you pick up on the rhetoric someone uses . 
  it tells you something about where they 're coming from and what their positions are likely to be . 
  hence scepticism is a valid response . 
  i 'm pretty sure ambassadors can be refused by the host entity , right ? 
  edit : [ yes , there 's diplomatic precedent ] ( http://www.breakingisraelnews.com/57283/brazil-refuses-to-accept-israeli-ambassador-from-samaria-judea-and-samaria ) . 
  it 's time for the eu to send a strong signal should he really be appointed . 
  then maybe they should n't have thrown a lit match into that powder keg . 
  or maybe you should . 
   the assad government opposed the united states ' invasion and occupation of iraq . 
  the bush administration then began to destabilize the government by increasing sectarian tensions , publicising syrian repression of kurdish and sunni groups , and financing political dissidents . 
  [ 143 ] assad also opposed the qatar-turkey pipeline in 2009 [ citation needed ] . 
  a classified 2013 report by a joint u.s. army and intelligence group concluded that the overthrow of assad would have drastic consequences , as the opposition supported by the obama administration was dominated by jihadist elements . 
  according to michael t. flynn , the then-director of the defense intelligence agency , the report was ignored by the obama administration . 
  it 's not your country within walking distance of that mess . 
   well to trump , since america is going to be his responsibility in 4 days . 
  happy ? 
  that does n't even make sense in this context . 
  because they did n't break it . 
  well to trump , since america is his responsibility now . 
  so take the 6 out of ten then !, 
  ( it 's called a metaphor . 
  look it up ), 
  and just because he condemns it does n't mean it wo n't be his mess to clean up after friday . 
  and yes , that includes taking refugees . 
  yes , `` it '' is the middle east , or syria if you prefer . 
  and `` you '' is america . 
  when you take on a position of responsibility in a state you are not only responsible for your own actions but for those of those that came before you . 
  it 's a lesson trump will have to learn . 
  it does n't matter whether he steered the ship into the iceberg , he 's the captain now and he better have a plan to save it or else he has the responsibility to go down with it . 
  `` you '' being america for those with a trumpian level of reading comprehension . 
  the thing is it 's not just cdu voters the afd is drawing from . 
  it 's also spd , linke and non-voters . 
  that 's while i do think they 'll be strong they wo n't make or break the cdu . 
  i found the edeka-tengelmann thing distasteful . 
  exactly the same here . 
  i do n't know yet how to solve this dilemma . 
  maas , popular ? 
  which is probably a good thing . 
  i do n't think the spd has a chance this election cycle but it might next time and then schulz is untainted . 
  the as yet un-president ? 
  let 's hope so . 
  most people i discussed trump with were , actually , yeah . 
  so many brexiters are fans of his all of a sudden . 
   the joke in the german army was that their role is to hold things together as best they can until the real army gets here . 
  that joke exists because that is literally the role it was afforded when the western allies drew up defense plans against the soviets . 
  yeah but she becomes chancellor if cdu/csu and their potential coalition partners win the most amount of seats , so you and i could vote for her to become chancellor by voting for the csu ( not that i would of course ... ) . 
  so what does that have to do with a hypothetical assicstance clause in a european army cooperative again ? 
  siggi is too much of a politician though . 
  as clear and damning a statement as that is to us trump does n't understand the language of diplomacy . 
  he should have said `` you broke it , you pay for it mr. 
  siggi is too much of a politician though . 
  as clear and damning a statement that is to us trump does n't understand the language of diplomacy . 
  he should have said `` you broke it , you pay for it mr. 
  same with king canute . 
  wiener backhendl is already a thing and has been for longer than kentucky existed . 
  i think you 'll have to hand this one to the viennese . 
  really ?
