  show me five such posts . 
  and why germans specifically ? 
  oh god , imagine our newspapers writing about the uk what theirs have written about the eu over the years . 
  the cries of racism from leavers would be deafening . 
  considering pregnancy takes 9 months too and this is a huge decision that impacts the lives of at least three people fundamentally one year seems about right tbh . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  all competitors even , not just eu . 
  american companies might have lost out to apple as well , and therefore american taxpayers , if we follow the treasury 's logic . 
  so where 's the evidence that us companies are `` targeted disproportinately '' ? 
  they have a board of governors appointed by the president and a federal mandate to uphold us monetary policy , which is why i went with semi-private . 
  but even if it costs us money could you imagine germany interfering in us tax cases ? 
   if they ** started ** a legal investigation looking into vw they would n't have known whether laws were broken at the time , just as we do n't know yet whether apple has . 
  so it 's perfectly comparable . 
  jesus christ , are you limited to reading only one sentence at a time ? 
  ok , germany should have threatened to embargo the us if they started a legal investigation looking into vw . 
  this is n't about comments . 
  this is about a foreign state agency threatening sanctions over a legal investigation . 
  by that logic germany should invade the us over the vw thing . 
  nope . 
  it 's a government agency like anywhere else . 
  you 're thinking of the federal reserve , which is semi-private . 
  should we not tax them because of a loophole they might find somewhere else ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
   you and the rest of the `` without us troops in europe america would n't be able to have such influence . '', 
  oh sure , i 'll feel like you talked to me when you point me to where i 've said that . 
  who are you talking to ? 
  but why the us treasury ? 
  surely the only authority who can speak out on that is a european court ? 
  apple is a private company operating in the eu , a foreign power should not interfere there . 
  that 's as if the german government had threatened a trade embargo over the fines for vw . 
  actually that would have been more logical , as a german state owns part of vw . 
  how is a private company the us treasury 's business ? 
  [ it does stir up uncomfortable memories ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fkcxa66njkq ), 
   the closest thing there is is when a president resigns and the military orchestra plays . 
  and those i find really creepy , too . 
  with the torches and all ? 
  why are the torch marches the thing they decided to keep from the nazis ? 
  a national embarrassment . 
  that 's a cool building . 
   your cute little head aww , thanks !, 
   that 's a bit rich , given that the crisis was caused by the very people who constantly oppose nationalism . 
  the us , uk , assad and isis oppose nationalism ? 
  but the left are n't liberals , that 's my point . 
  a point about linguistic amerification . 
  same here , and i know for a fact that that 's true for most of my friends . 
  ah , so just a conspiracy theory . 
  hexagon ? 
  they really had to be one better than the pentagon , eh ? 
  why ? 
  charter flights and military planes can move thousands a day . 
  poppies are a concept i find rather weird and , yes , militaristic tbh . 
  and do n't get me started on the reaction to white poppies ... 
  and mobile infrastructure ? 
  what i would n't give to have anything else than edge in the countryside here !, 
  airplanes , have you heard of them ? 
  are we americans now or are you actually using the term `` liberals '' in the european sense ? 
  because that 's true in a way , liberal parties usually look out for industry interests and do have contempt for the poor . 
  yeah , because a trade war would be a great idea . 
  the delusions of grandeur of those people ... 
  while that is a simple way to do it there 's also packages like [ langdetect ] ( https://pypi.python.org/pypi/langdetect ? ), 
  and you can probably do it with nltk , too , somehow . 
  so like every other european country then ? 
  it 's literally the exact same idea trump is floating ( build a wall , i.e. 
  a total seal-off ) . 
  oh , i meant on people routinely making up refugee crossings and such , as the person above us suggested . 
  would n't they have to extradite him if romania issues a european arrest warrant ? 
  source ? 
   everyone in the us is rolling coal speaking of : how is that allowed then ? 
  or is n't it ? 
   which has undoubtedly been affected by the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  it 's perceived to have been . 
  in reality it 's the uk government that gave away fishing quotas to large companies instead of local fishing communities and the rate of loss of fishing jobs has actually decreased when the uk joined the cfp while the value of the uk 's landings is ever increasing . 
  but it 's so much easier to blame it all on the eu , and you 're right , this perception , albeit false , was certainly a contributor to the leave vote in coastal communities . 
  [ ^ ^ source ] ( http://www.neweconomics.org/blog/entry/factcheck-the-eus-impact-on-uk-fisheries ), 
  southern germany . 
  ( see flair ) and i 'm not lying : i have never in my life seen a burqua that was not on tv . 
  actually not at all . 
  i know for a fact that there are people in burquas in the netherlands but i still have n't seen a single one in germany in my life . 
  are you perhaps not living in germany ? 
  why ? 
  have you ever seen a burqua in germany ? 
  in 30 years i have n't . 
  huh , arrogant is the last word i would have associated with merkel . 
  alternative headline : head of government does job . 
  well no , it costs a subscription fee of 8 $ a year , payable every five years ... 
  ca n't you just enjoy a wacky local news story for once without shitting your agenda all over it ? 
  thanks , as a viking scholar i despair over both this article and the comments here . 
  one point you forgot : this is not new knowledge at all . 
  we 've known about the prevalence of board games and gaming pieces in boat burials since at least 1880 when the gokstad ship was found , but probably much longer . 
  fair enough . 
  sorry about that , it 's a touchy subject atm , as you know ... 
  oh come off it , you are european . 
  that 's not part of their constitutional system , though . 
  it 's just something the parties choose to do on their own . 
  any party could in europe could do the same if they so chose . 
  it would make out politics even more populist but they could if they wanted . 
  good . 
  in case you have n't seen my ninja edit : i mean jeremy hunt wrote a book on how a private system is better in his opinion . 
  not yet . 
  but give it ten years and it being sold as a public-private partnership or something and yes , i do .
