   the us banned them in aerosol cans in 1978 and outright in 1996 so under carter and clinton . 
  if trump had been president then none of those would have happened . 
  so what exactly is your point ? 
  because another minority of americans did n't bother to stop this by going to vote . 
  and together the trump voters and those that do n't care about their country and the world are a huge majority . 
  i 'm an archaeologist you fucking moron . 
  i know exactly what these places mean for our history ( almost certainly better than you do ) and i was heartbroken when i heard of the death of khaleed al-assad and of the destruction of palmyra . 
  do n't you fucking dare tell me what i do and do n't know and feel about what is literally my job . 
  now that that 's out of the way : you said above that [ obama caused ] `` ruination to some ancient civilisations '' . 
  now you tell me whether these peoples were long dead before obama came into office or whether he literally destroyed the palmyrene empire ( which is what you said above ) . 
  because even if we accept the ludicrous hypothetical that that is all obama 's fault the worst that happened to these civilisations is that evidence of their times was irretrievably lost . 
  but as much as that pains me it 's nothing , nothing at all compared to the human cost . 
  so , fuck you . 
  and that 's why impeachment will only bring temporary relief . 
   as i said now the uk does n't have to take part it never did !, 
  that 's not at all why they blocked it in the first place . 
  it was because it was called an `` operational hq '' . 
  now the name has been changed and they promised they wo n't block it anymore ( they technically still do until the day of the ge , though , probably so that the news of their `` defeat '' does n't make uk headlines ) . 
  now why would they veto something that they do n't have to take part in just because it 's called an `` hq '' ? 
  right !, 
  because they want to sabotage a future eu army by not making this the seed of an actual hq . 
  yeah , that 's why they keep blocking proposals that wo n't affect them . 
   we 've come a long way and we 've got a long way ahead . 
  would you say it 's been a long road getting from there to here ? 
  that it 's been a long time but that our time is finally near ? 
  maybe even that we 'll see our dream come alive at last ? 
  they did n't say you could stop it , just that you would resent it . 
   this wo n't go well between the uk and eu . 
   `` we did try to tell you this since de gaulle ... '' de gaulle was also right about britain 's commitment to europe ... 
   really wish there was a stronger response in general coming from europe . 
  what more can we do ? 
  unfortunately it 's on the american people to clean up their act , we can only cheer them on from the sidelines . 
  yes . 
  yes she does , actually . 
  but purely by virtue of the fact that the people fighting for said hypothetical independence would have been others and not the current founding fathers it would have been a completely different country with a different constitution and system of government less directly influenced by enlightenment philosophy . 
  it 's an interesting thought experiment to think what a us would look like that had become independent in the late 19th century or even later ... 
  even the architecture of power would be completely different by then . 
  can you imagine a washington dc built in gothic revival style ( like the houses of parliament ) or in second empire/baroque revival ? 
  ( actually we can get a glimpse of the latter with the [ eisenhower executive office building ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/old_executive_office_building_1981.jpg ) . ), 
  they all saved me from having to speak german !, 
  well that of course means she would definitely have done it without any doubt because , i guess she totally would n't have listened to any other advisors ? 
  no , wait , that 's trump that thinks he knows better than the experts , not her . 
  that is pretty cool !, 
  they horribly murdered the british ? 
  and not only all the world 's governments but also their oppositions and most ordinary people . 
  it 's all a huge scam the world decided to subject / u/berserkwings15 to in some sort of truman show-like experiment . 
  every american is allowed to take credit for the moon landing and the constitution !, 
  i 'm sure they serve meat in their cafeterias so by your own standards : probably ? 
   but what really mattered to him , politically , was whatever would conserve the environment , preserve species diversity and so on, 
   plus ruination to some ancient civilizations obama is literally responsible for the fall of rome !, 
  you heard it here first !, 
  thanks obama !, 
  if it were n't for him we 'd all be speaking latin . 
   stazi ah , the famous ministerium f\u00fcr statzzicherheit . 
  almost none , no . 
  adding photons to united states wall paint !, 
  destruction of property i tell you !, 
  and thank god he did . 
  otherwise it would have been watered down by lobbyists and anti-science republicans until it was useless . 
  at least now the rest of us still have an agreement that might make a difference to our planet 's future . 
  well then they 'll be secretly pleased about the projection . 
  i 'm sure that french flair is also totally legit ... 
   besides i doubt the afd is ` far right ' , they align quite well with the republicans on many issues which is why they 're far right . 
  the funny thing about you using this reference is that douglas adams would have absolutely despised you and your politics . 
   `` for adams environmentalism trumped party politics , especially in his later life , '' british scholar and science-fiction writer adam roberts told salon in an email . 
  `` he was from what you might call a soft left uk intellectual milieu , but he did n't publically align himself with either the left or the right . 
  if you read his books , he 's as likely to satirise the union-troubles of 1970s labour as he is the rampant commercialisation of 1980s thatcherism : but what really mattered to him , politically , was whatever would conserve the environment , preserve species diversity and so on . '' [ source ] ( http://www.salon.com/2016/03/11/remembering_douglas_adams_was_he_political/ ), 
  where did you buy that crystal ball that lets you look into alternate realities ? 
  that is n't an excuse . 
  not at all . 
  the democrats could have fielded george w. bush or an inanimate carbon rod and if i were an american voter i would n't have hesitated a moment to choose them over trump . 
   9/11 still lives in the consciousness of so many americans . 
  it 's been 16 years for god 's sake . 
  in two years there will be voters who were n't born when it happened . 
  does qu\u00e9bec have its own embassy ? 
  still a cowardly move not to do it publicly and together with other countries . 
  but then again we all know that may is a coward when it comes to dealing with the public . 
  they 've already stoped broadcasting in any language but french over satellite . 
  the other languages are only available via the internet anymore . 
  the last thing they need is american ideas about how a news channel should be run . 
  why do you have to fulfill the german stereotype and explain the joke ? 
   and i was wrong this is where your mistake lay :  that 's actually clever ,, 
  that will all be released under current trends anyway . 
  now it 's all about not making it too bad so there are still other countries to buy the oil and use the shipping lanes . 
  there 's actually a bit of truth to that . 
  traditionally diplomacy was about making absolutely sure that the different cultures of two countries did n't lead to misunderstandings . 
  now there is a sort of international culture ( not just memes but english-speaking international pop culture in general ) that means that the two people manning these two twitter accounts have much more in common than ever before and can use their shared language to communicate with it any misunderstandings . 
  even if that shared language is simpsons references . 
  do you really expect anyone outside the nordic countries and germany to know what handball even is ? 
  edit : i 'm happy to see that judging by the comments i 'm wrong . 
   i 'll give you the rustic `` cowboy '' culture of the us . 
  that perhaps has no equivalent in europe . 
  what about italian [ butteri ] ( http://www.mondinostri.it/magazine/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/butteri1.jpg ) or french [ gardians ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/bnm7yj/france-camargue-guardians-gardians-camargue-cattle-bulls-herd-chase-bnm7yj.jpg ) ? 
  i realise of course that `` cowboy culture '' is more than the aesthetics and the job but do you think a person in the hungarian puszta lives substantially differently ? 
  yeah but then again anyone moving away from berlin has an upgrade in quality of life by default ... 
  so , honest question : say i have the best available health coverage through my employer and i develop cancer or a similarly serious illness . 
  if i survive it , will i be able to continue my life without financial repercussions or will premiums have risen to impossible levels and i wo n't be able to change my health care provider thanks to pre-existing conditions ? 
  i 'm not trolling , i 'm just trying to find out how `` good healthcare '' works in the us since we mostly hear about those that do n't have any or have only basic plans . 
  handball trainer in germany, 
  no glow !,
