  or csu vs afd in germany . 
  because that 's where their money comes from . 
  while these fortresses were popularised by vauban in france they are n't really french . 
  they 're found all over europe and the new world . 
  because without the eu telling them what to do they can have cake for breakfast every day !, 
  i 'm my own person , mum !, 
  have you read the thing ? 
  the author actually believes putin behaves the way he does because obama pushed gay rights too much . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  in other words it 's the gays ' fault and trump will save us from nuclear war . 
  stellar analysis . 
  also , i feel like this  therefore , pay attention to what your enemies state openly -- there 's a good chance they believe it . 
  also applies to trump . 
  but everyone on reddit tells me to disregard the racism and sexism and the inconsistent promises of the campaign trail because that was just in order to win votes . 
  hey everyone this brexit bot is broken !, 
  it 's posting the wrong one-line answer for this topic . 
  but he 's also a firm remainer . 
  or enemy of the people as the tabloids now call them . 
   the single market could , and did , work perfectly well before freedom of movement was actually a real thin the single market did n't exist before freedom of movement . 
  that is n't even possible since it 's an integral part . 
  turns out most of europe are fans of the eu ... 
  you do n't have to be a student for erasmus . 
  you get aid for apprenticeship exchanges and internships as well . 
  wow that 's an entirely new form of whataboutism . 
  not only pointing to someone else 's mistakes in order to distract from the problem at hand but also making up these mistakes . 
  real parties usually have the accounting experience and infrastructure to avoid such things . 
  good point !, 
  i 'm not being passively aggressive . 
  i do n't know how you could mistake my writing style for anything but active aggression . 
  cultural integration is something like the franco-german tv channel . 
  it 's not forcing everybody to be exactly the same . 
  because probably less than one percent of the people who think nationalism is bad also want a homogenised world culture ? 
  and in your answer you 're building the next strawman . 
  quit your victim complex , other people can think in nuances and just because they do n't want people to die at their borders does n't mean they want totally open borders or `` a global melting pot '' . 
   lord knows neither i nor anyone i know has ever been polled before . 
  i have  i have n't met even one sincerely pro-eu briton i know several . 
  now where does that leave us ? 
   on 's of people that think nationalism is evil think that all the ethnicities and cultures should merge together so no differences exist . 
  that 's a bullshit strawman . 
   however , when here in scotland our fishing industry is crippled beyond recognition because of eu regulation , come on . 
  we all know that 's not true . 
  it 's not the language that is the common thread between british and american political debate , it 's fptp and the two-party system it creates . 
  that makes everything more antagonistic by default . 
  most of us in this sub live in countries with proportional representation . 
  that makes it necessary for parties to form coalitions so political debate revolves around finding a compromise and understanding the other person more . 
  i was always under the impression that polish barszcz and russian/belarussien etc. 
  borschtsch ( that 's the german spelling ) are n't the same . 
  the polish dish being a thin soup and the russian one a thick stew ? 
   looking at it from a russian perspective , nato expansions and us interventionism do look like a threat . 
  why ? 
  this is n't the cold war anymore . 
  even if every country bordering russia joined nato that would n't undercut their economic power . 
  nato is a military alliance and only a threat if you have ( illegal ) military ambitions . 
  and no country should have that . 
  you know , you guys always look a bit over the top wth your worship of the founding fathers but they did build a system with working checks and balances . 
  this system will be tested to breaking point in the next four years so let 's hope your worship is justified . 
  it 's not just living here but also that a lot of the media you consume presents life as taking palce in moderate climates . 
  which makes sense but is also kinda ironic considering holywood does n't really have seasons . 
   he 's got a pint though yeah , it 's a pretty safe bet that he 's had a pint or two ... ( the op of this sub thread i mean ), 
  oh god no . 
  i 'm so glad the lying baron zu slimyhair is out of politics . 
  if ever i 've seen a populist with no substance it 's him . 
  huh it 's weird that iceland is on # 10 . 
  when i lived there ( as a german ) i was shocked how little they recycled . 
  oh god , no . 
  i really hope they manage to learn from iceland 's mistakes . 
   people want change not in germany they do n't ( well a small fringe does of course ) . 
  you can not compare a two-party antagonistic system like the us or uk one with the consensus-based german one . 
  germans will always vote for stability . 
  so exactly what i said above ? 
  as horrible as bild are i would n't compare them to the daily mail or the sun . 
  bild are a lot less divisive and blatant in their rhetoric and biases and i imagine it 's similar in france . 
  and it almost killed their party because voters do n't understand how coalitions work and feel betrayed by the lib dems because as a junior coalition partner they were n't able to get one of their campaign promises realised . 
  so what ? 
  that is the americans ' problem . 
  we 're talking about a foreign power influencing french elections . 
  just fyi : it 's * referendums * or * referenda * . 
   while it 's true that it expanded care to people in need , liberals need to understand that the people who were n't `` poor enough '' got slapped with these increases . 
  there 's always such a threshold for every social programme . 
  the art of politics is to find one that is high enough that no one suffers unduly but low enough that the qualifying group is n't too large for the budget . 
  i had to take on a student loan because my parents earned just enough to disqualify me from government assistance . 
  i have no grudge against those that did get assistance , though . 
  it 's just how the dice fell . 
  where has the radical left gained political power ? 
  we have n't had a left-leaning government in germany since 2005 and the previous one was schr\u00f6der , who was more of a neoliberal , too . 
  or is your idea of a radical left kretschmann ? 
   being a `` literal nazi '' is n't as easy as you might imagine from just listening to the rhetoric yeah , i 'm sure you have some bad days from time to time but i believe in you , you can do it !, 
   crucial flaw of current `` modern left '' is that they adopted identity politics , political correctness and basically become neo marxists / cultural marxists . 
  literally [ the comment above the parent of this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5dsw4m/brexit_and_trump_have_exposed_the_lefts_crucial/da7bpp0/ ), 
   just take a look at this . 
  people in the glorious sixties worked pretty much four months more annually than they do today in most european states . 
  and you want this back ? 
  what they want back is the people who managed to change that . 
  potatoes . 
  tomatoes are what rival mediterranean villages use . 
  north of the alps our old women throw potatoes . 
  basically franconia kept the name of the frankish empire . 
  just like france did . 
  that reason would be that franconia was given to bavaria by napoleon as a traitor 's reward who then proceeded to plunder its valuables and moved them to munich refusing to give them back even today . 
   body bag - shoping bag from a certain chain you were n't around in the 90s , were you ?
