  yes you are !, 
  choux pastry is incredibly easy to make , i 've never failed once . 
  just find a recipe and try it !, 
  make them yourself !, 
  why do you think an organisation can not be blackmailed from within ? 
  huh ? 
  i think you misread my question . 
  donald definitely wants to be an asshole . 
  oh no , not political correctness !, 
  who would want to be not an asshole ? 
  and yet it 's working . 
  nobody complains about lithuania and you 're not known for having a totally crazy regime teetering on the edge of being thrown out of the eu like hungary and poland are . 
  even more reason to sign up then i would think ? 
  that or take them.in , register them and then watch them leave . 
  once they 're registered they 'll be deported back if they 're found elsewhere . 
  as i said it 's about the principle of the thing . 
  and how does that logically exclude that the other countries think they do n't benefit ? 
  yeah , something should be done about that but what does that have to do with this ? 
   what about literal whataboutism, 
  i doubt the baltic states would want to belong to that rather than the eu . 
  nobody implied that . 
  the whole point of the eu is that it 's mutually beneficial . 
  we all profit from it . 
  i agree that that would be the logical solution but it 's also a matter of principle now . 
  if we give in on that all it shows that the eu can be blackmailed and next time poland and hungary want something they 'll try the same thing . 
  that 's why the quotas must be enforced and then we can talk about a better system . 
  wtf ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  if you 're into bourbon an irish whiskey will get you closer than a single malt . 
  deal, 
  you ... you know the eu is n't a country , right ? 
  right ? 
  why not ? 
  yeah , it 's the americans ' fault . 
  they call incredibly sweet liqueurs ( usually peach or something similar ) * schnapps * for some reason . 
  having read worse from brexiters it seemed entirely plausible . 
  note : schnapps = / = schnaps schnaps = ( clear ) liquor / eau de vie schnapps = lik\u00f6r what the black forest is known for is fruit * eau de vie *, 
  yeah , knock aside the hand that this thread extends in friendship . 
  germany has had a conservative government for more than a decade , genius . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  do n't . 
  i 'm sure he needs 24/7 security . 
  centrist extremism ? 
   it moves taxpayer money european taxpayer money . 
  it 's time they were sanctioned or thrown out . 
  hence the `` even '' . 
  even america 's biggest idiot realises that . 
  do you not see how you 're contradicting yourself ? 
  so why does trump not want to deal with the he eu but with individual eu countries ? 
  why was he against ttip , which is the exact equivalent of that japan deal in terms of countries involved ? 
   considering the fact that the usa provides tertiary education to a higher % of its population than any european country , it 's debatable what the phrase `` free education '' should really mean : how is that a good thing ? 
  even trump realises that he should try to import the german apprenticeship system because it 's not healthy for everyone to have to go to college . 
  uhm , you realise that an agreement between the eu and another country is a multilateral agreement between 29 countries ? 
  this , but unironically . 
   and it 's kind of relevant for how the deal will look / if there is a deal . 
  does n't matter . 
  this map shows eu member states and regardless of how the deal will look the uk wo n't be one . 
   because island i guess . 
  ireland had no such problems . 
  exactly . 
  so let 's hope the cfp stays so there 's a bit of sustainability outside uk waters at least . 
  how is it a good thing ? 
  are you assuming the tories wo n't sell those quotas but rather let free money slip through their fingers ? 
  are you assuming the tories wo n't resell those quotas but rather let free money slip through their fingers ? 
  yeah , who needs sustainability ? 
  if you polder ever outwards you can shrink the british eez . 
  * make doggerland great again !, 
  and do n't forget the smog and the * feinstaub * !, 
  the skyr that is suddenly available in supermarkets all over europe is n't as good as the real thing so most people here wo n't have tried it . 
  through the same can probably be said of greek yoghurt . 
   although some restrict the use of the word parliament to parliamentary systems , it is also commonly used to describe the legislature in presidential systems ( e.g. 
  the french parliament ) , even where it is not in the official name . 
  somehow i 'd always thought that the tynwald was exclusively outdoors . 
  but i realise now that that 's idiotic , the al\u00feingi and the l\u00f8gting have had parliament buildings since the eighteen hundreds as well of course . 
  2016 has shown that the free market of ideas does n't work . 
  why ? 
  edit : downvotes but no answers . 
   laws should be followed scary ass shit, 
  let 's hope so . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's still a parliament even if you do n't call it one, 
  . . what ? 
  the eu does n't allocate factories to different regions you numpty . 
  that 's the problem : those gays are stealing all that pride and parade it about !, 
  can you imagine the american house and senate voting for gay marriage rather than individual states doing it and a supreme court decision making it federal ? 
  because that 's what 's happened in germany today , our federal parliament voted on it, 
  i 'm sure it can be done cleanly . 
  but it is n't because that 's cheaper . 
   14th of july does n't really have the context outside of france . 
  we call it the 14th of july in german . 
  yeah , appeasement , the strategy that always works . 
  only the nhs was used in the brexit campaign as an argument to push for unfriendly nationalism . 
  and that 's the problem with this naive idea : nationalism ca n't be friendly as it is always based on the idea that your country is better than others . 
  even if that were true ( which it is n't and most brits would readily agree that you 're exaggerating to a ridiculous degree ) it does n't negate my point one bit . 
  it 's bullshit , is what it is . 
  plenty of people in influential countries like france , germany or italy are equally pro-eu . 
  the truth is that brexiters are just too close-minded to understand that ones patriotism can include \\* gasp !, 
  * foreigners . 
  they are n't neighbours , they 're occupiers . 
  but seriously , surely you know that that is almost entirely in jest by now ?
