  getting a bit panicky , are we ? 
  and here are the very same accounts we 've been talking about rolling in . 
  newsflash : we 're in europe here , we do n't give a shit about hillary , there 's enough to hate about trump in his own right , especially since he 's practically declared war on the institution of the eu . 
  and they 're cheering on daddy trump forbidding the epa and the nps to tweet facts about climate change ... 
  buzzfeed news = / = buzzfeed, 
  yup , / u/wobblyremainer is such a case in the uk subs . 
  one of the most rabid brexiters but insists on being a `` reformed remain voter '' despite using rhetoric that would be too divisive for most moderate brexiters . 
  that is pretty much the idea behind the government fact-checking initiatives in germany that the alt-right internet immediately labeled censorship and ministries of truth . 
  basically in southern german calling someone a dog is a sign of admiration with connotations of slyness . 
  * a hund isser scho * is something you ' d say if someone had successfully lied themselves out of a situation or if they had managed to steal the neighbouring village 's maypole through a distraction maneuver . 
  that sorta thing . 
  and adding mad to that confers additional connotations of being brave/reckless . 
  as you can imagine these nuances are hard to translate 1:1 but it 's safe to say that no one in ( southern ) germany would use it as a negative moniker for someone . 
  would you not say calling someone mad dog had both negative connotations of unpredictability and positive ones of admiration ? 
  do you have any sources for the usual bavaria hate ? 
  no idea , sorry . 
  but i 'm sure there will be chances to do so once they 've started their campaign . 
  neither did germany so what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   oh right , i forgot the part where he was a drunk , broke bookseller utterly unqualified to take care of himself , much less other people . 
  oh god , now i want chancellor bernard black !, 
  tbf i downvoted you initially as well until i saw your username and thought , hang on , she would n't say something like that . 
  nowadays . 
  but not at the time he would have done it . 
  postal vote and online volunteering . 
   i expect merkel to flip flop on almost all her principles in the next weeks . 
  why ? 
  while she is n't opposed to a good flip-flopping usually those are in response to interior policy . 
  i ca n't remember any position she flip-flopped on as a response to external pressure ( such as trump ) . 
  that 's what we want in a german politician . 
  you could say the same about merkel . 
  we had our share of charismatic politicians ( hitler , schr\u00f6der ) and it did n't end well . 
  or in the words of another great spd politician , helmut schmidt , when asked what his grand vision is : `` if you have visions you should go see a doctor . 
  if you 're looking at it from the eu perspective he 's much better qualified than merkel . 
  as a former president of the european parliament he knows all the key players and he 's probably much more focussed on the eu as a whole doing well than merkel is . 
  it would be absolutely fantastic for the unity of the eu if he won but i doubt he will . 
  completely out of the blue . 
  everybody thought the issue was settled and gabriel was running . 
  i would n't bet on those 15 % . 
  polls have consistently undervalued the far right last year . 
  i 'd peg them at 18 % but wo n't be surprised if it 's 20 . 
  still absolutely delusional to think they 'd have a chance at forming a government of course ... 
  fjs is turning in his grave and stoiber in his sleep next to muschi ... 
  that would only happen if seehofer made the first move and split the cdu/cdu fraktion . 
  i doubt he 'll make good on his empty threats though . 
   and not a drain of their economy ( which i do n't understand how that idea became prevalent ) . 
  i do n't think that was ever a popular opinion in german society . 
  yeah , that was uncalled for . 
  and the borders of russia . 
  it means the difference between the eu calling may 's wto bluff or not ... 
  china already owns half of the us , uk and australia ( not sure about the others ) . 
   domestic job losses to foreign states ; vietnam 's average salary is just 8 % of the us minimum wage . 
  estimates suggest 600k jobs at risk ; similar to nafta estimates . 
  that 's idiotic , though . 
  the jobs that can be outsourced already have been via nafta . 
  if anything they 'd move from mexico to vietnam , and considering how much trump and his voters hate mexicans that should be considered a plus . 
  but it does have positive ones as well . 
  from what i gathered above it 's entirely negative in spanish and i 'd say in southern germany at least it 's entirely positive ( * a verr\u00fcckter hund isser scho ... * ) . 
  hence my point that connotations would be even more positive than in english . 
  ironically that disgusting human grandstanding over it might have the opposite effect as no-one will want to be seen as giving in to his childish threats . 
  pledged before trump became a nominee , btw . 
  just stressing that before the trumpets try to spin it into a win for their daddy . 
  it 's called imperialism for a reason . 
  they 're translating the nickname ? 
  that strikes me as weird . 
  in germany it was reported as `` mad dog '' . 
  which is a good thing , too , because `` verr\u00fcckter hund '' would have entirely positive connotations , even more so than the english original . 
   the party that is pro eu might take as opportunity and not let it pass ( not sure if they have enough power , pleaes correct me the only party that is n't terrified of their own voters and therefore unwilling to go against the principles of most of their mps are the libdems . 
  * unfortunately that 's only because they already lost tons of voters due to other circumstances so they can afford a principled stance . 
  the major parties ( tories and labour ) however are too afraid of the backlash to do anything about it even though the majority of their mps are actually remainers . 
  unfortunately we ( i.e. 
  eu citizens ) are hated in the general population so much that blocking brexit would be electoral suicide ( and also dangerous to the physical well-being of mps ) . 
  * note : i 'm excluding the snp , sinn fein , plaid cymru etc. 
  and the greens here for clarity 's sake ... 
  same for the electoral college . 
  both have shown that the checks and balances do n't work as intended . 
  hannah fucking arendt went through that camp !, 
  foreigners . 
  just keep quiet if you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  ( and of course it would n't matter if they were foreigners anyway ), 
  like any country 's national narrative then . 
  i doubt the average german 's `` guilt '' is any more powerful than the average frenchman 's devotion to * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * . 
  it 's a bit like someone who 's grown up an atheist looking at religious people : it 's just an utterly alien mindset and we ca n't quite see what would be appealing about it . 
  well technically it 's not a science but a humanity . 
  precisely because you ca n't give absolute statements about history , there 's always a degree of inerpretation and subjectivity . 
  germany also would n't buy their weapons from american arms manufacturers , meaning trump 's plan of a stimulus package for them would n't have worked . 
  is it medieval history or classics ? 
  because your 20th century german history is n't up to scratch . 
  seriously though , as long as you have n't specifically studied 21st century german public perception of the late weimar republic that is n't relevant at all here . 
  and  do n't go all nationalist on me . 
  what ? 
  i 'd be happy with `` condescending '' as that was what i was going for , but nationalist ? 
  o. . . k. ... 
  listen friendo . 
  this is a german politician speaking to a german audience . 
  only because your mind goes automatically to hitler does not mean that the image he wanted to conjure up in his audience 's mind is exactly that when in context he obviously wanted to paint a picture that is familiar to any german who has paid attention in history class : that of a mass of national-conservative parties dominating the political spectrum at the end of the weimar republic and making effective governance impossible . 
  why do you think you can tell us about the nuances of historical allusions in the german language and in the context of german democracy better than we can ? 
  tbf that 's also what we look like when we 're panicking ... 
  david cameron ? 
  i do n't think you 'll find a quote with one warm word german politicians had for trump during the campaign either ... ( except for the afd clowns of course , who have the same boss as trump ) . 
  so it 's not like this is a completely new thing .
