  i 've been in this thread since it had less than 20 comments . 
  it 's been like this from the very beginning . 
  i 'd prefer it if they did it in their own spaces though rather than shitting all over ours . 
  the funny thing is that it 's a totally inocuous picture as well . 
  it 's not like this is a thread about a crime perpetrated by a refugee but simply a few people showing their eu spirit ... 
  posts in / r/mensrights and / r/sjwhate yeah , you 're totally not a part of the trumpsphere ... 
  it 's a pretty massive brigade . 
  there really needs to be a different word for the feeling towards a non-existing or non-sovereign nation and thinking your nation is superior to others . 
  basque , scottish or catalan nationalism is n't the same thing as german , english or american nationalism , just like the radical progressivist student waving a german flag in 1848 was n't doing it out of the same feelings as the pegida protester in 2017 although both are called nationalists . 
  but it 's impossible to replicate all the hundreds of trade agreements the eu has in two years even if you only rubber-stamped them . 
  which is impossible as well since they all need to be renegotiated . 
  it 's a well-known fact that stormfront had brigaded / r/europe in a concerted effort before . 
  onr post i found via google from back then is [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/anarchism/comments/2wgcca/stormfront_forum_does_anyone_here_use_reddit_to/ ) but i remember many more from back then including links to the forum and other places explicitly coordinating brigades . 
  as for why i think it 's happening now ? 
  i 've been following this sub for a long time and when i see a sudden shift in the terminology many people use it 's pretty clear what has happened . 
  and mythology loves fucking . 
  because the eu and its predecessors always were a political project . 
  it 's literally what the ecsc was founded for , to prevent war between france and germany . 
  and the uk was well aware of that before joining . 
   juncker straight up manipulated a meeting to make our pm out to be an imbecile . 
  notice how she never denied anything she allegedly said ? 
  she only ever complained about the fact that a leak occured never about the contents . 
  no , may does n't need juncker to look like an imbecile . 
  `` we '' do n't . 
  those brigading the sub do . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've been noticing this in quite a few threads . 
  / r/europe had gotten better since the height of the refugee crisis ( when i stopped going here because it had basically become stormfront ) . 
  but for some reason it 's been sliding back for the last few months . 
  i 'm guessing that the dutch and french election mean that the neo nazis have turned their focus on the sub again . 
   replicating the current arrangements will be done by the time we leave the eu . 
  i always thought you were one of the less delusional brexiters here . 
  but that 's just ... i do n't even know what to say . 
  uhm , do you know where anglia and lower saxony are ? 
  you 've already inflicted massive damage though . 
  this is damage control and the choice is between massive losses on either side or manageable losses on one or both sides . 
  yeah but most people in the uk are n't stupid ideologues . 
  even deutsche welle , which i had been lead to believe was germany 's equivalent to the bbc , it is n't . 
  it 's equivalent to bbc news international . 
  the german equivalent to the bbc is the whole public broadcasting infrastructure including ard , zdf , the regional tv stations and many radio stations . 
  yeah , i went back to find the link and thought i might just as well copy the whole thing . 
  i 'm still just as angry about it so the tone fits . 
  ( hint : there 's a hidden third one as well ), 
  i was actually not poking you . 
  i 'm glad to see a brexiter who 's not completely deluded and overly defensive . 
  i 'm asking because i have been following this debate since before the referendum ( hence my account name ) and i ca n't remember having seen this argument before . 
  protectionary tariffs for large corporations ? 
  yes . 
  ( hence my port talbot anecdote above ) . 
  but for small businesses and government companies ( are there even any left besides rail infrastructure ? ) ? 
  i ca n't remember this having been a problem even for the tabloids so i was genuinely interested in an example . 
  or if they 're the hairy bikers . 
  the kiwis managed to get rid of fptp and the canadians are on the way . 
  i believe you will be able to do it too at some point . 
   but actually , i do n't like that the uk ca n't control it 's own tariffs to protect uk companies , specifically the publicly owned companies and small business . 
  has this ever been a problem ? 
  ( i do n't think i need to mention chinese steel tariffs here . 
  it 's been discussed to death how the eu wanted to protect european steel from chinese dumping and the uk blocked it and how places like port talbot voted leave thinking the exact opposite was the case thanks to biased reporting ) . 
  definitely read like satire . 
  can this myth please fucking die already ? 
  [ here , this is a guardian article from 1962 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/25/eu-european-union-political-union-in-out-eec ) . 
  notice how they speak of political union and whether the uk should join that project . 
  including discussions of sovereignty . 
  the eu and its predecessors were never ever ever intended to be an economic union only and the uk was very aware of that from the very fucking beginning !, 
  tbf i was n't sure whether to vote for him either . 
  he just seemed so unprepared . 
  the vote is literally about feelings . 
  how are they supposed to talk about them without using the word ? 
   only with 40 years of further experience on their belts . 
  or 40 years of british tabloids spreading eu hate ? 
   these things have all been made red lines yes . 
  by her . 
  sorry but you ca n't convince me that she is anything but an opportunist who is using the referendum to further her and her party 's agenda . 
  just like cameron before her , only more successfully . 
  as for richard north : yeah , well turns out nobody wants his free market dream brexit . 
  he and hannan were useful idiots for the nastier wing of the brexit vote . 
   still , books exist , which is nice . 
  entertainment is n't a big problem . 
  books , in-flight video and music , your phone ... 
  the problem is that many people like/need to do work during those hours of dead time . 
  `` campaigned '' is a strong word . 
  mainly she kept herself in the shadows . 
  i do believe for one minute that her heart was with the eu at any point . 
  as home secretary basically all she did was rail against it and the echr to hide her own policy failings . 
  what she 's doing right now is putting her career over the country . 
  even if we accept that brexit is inevitable she should be aiming for a soft brexit . 
  and the first step to that is not to antagonise the people she 's negotiating against . 
  but that 's not what she 's doing , is she ? 
  she 's going full steam ahead into a no-deal scenario just so she can win her stupid ge against the hardliners and all herself a pm for a little while longer . 
  and the funny thing is that that 's completely unnecessary . 
  she 'd win either way against corbyn . 
  it would be . 
  and a principled politician would put their country over their career . 
  that 's how i feel !, 
  when he 's in berlin he ca n't be in munich . 
  and when he 's in munich he ca n't be in franconia . 
  knowing s\u00f6der the first thing he 'll do is making sure his mug is on every official paper he sends out . 
  the man can not even send a letter without putting a photo of himself on it . 
  what has albrecht d\u00fcrer not drawn ? 
  i 'm in awe of the man .
