  they 're finally hopping on the bullet train train ? 
  we 're not trying to lead the eu you numpty , that was never anything germany or the eu wanted . 
  eh , if you want to preserve the cadence [ of the original ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oblw6tckzly ) it 'd be more like : wollld ihr den dodaahlen brexit ? 
  can you point me to that spending obligation in the nato treaties ? 
  because until this second i had thought it was an informal guideline . 
  ( hint : it 's an informal guideline ) . 
  that 's what all the trump supporters said : `` do n't be daft , he does n't actually mean that , it 's just election bluster ! '', 
  well , shit , it was n't . 
  we told them it was n't but they would n't listen . 
  how about you leave that decision to us , the german electorate ? 
  because the uk is the only country still basing their national politics on a wartime understanding of europe ? 
  yeah because we 're all ecstatic about our 0 % savings rate . 
  that is so popular in germany !, 
  it 's not even an official target , just a general guideline ... 
  opel is german , only american-owned . 
  is n't the focus a european car ? 
  ford europe and ford usa basically being two different corporations with shared branding ? 
  well since it will be a brand new treaty we can specify what kind assitance will qualify . 
  well thanks to the french it would n't be inaccurate . 
  the templars ? 
  we could make dan brown very happy with that . 
  you need a clause like nato 's article 5 . 
  a treaty obligation to assist countries under attack . 
  without that there 's no deterrence . 
  why , sounds like a solid idea ? 
  you built it , though !, 
  so that 's what leadsome 's jam comment was all about !, 
  ridiculous, 
  wtf ? 
  do people actually believe that bs ? 
  well , it 's 155kg of black powder . 
  no idea how that stacks up to whatever was used in madrid ... 
  i do n't care about any of that , i pointed out a mistranslation . 
    letting in water with the usual -10 \u00b0 c  that would n't be water . 
  pumping ice around is a bad idea in general . 
  usually the cooling water has a temperature of ** less than 10 \u00b0 c ** op mistranslated . 
  i 'm making fun of you because you 're initial comment ( weakly ) implied a causal relationship between you voting on a certain policy and that being implemented . 
  it 's a joke , lighten up a bit for god 's sake . 
   pretty sure we will leave it at this point . 
  the ability to reduce tariffs was one of the reasons i voted leave . 
  both have ferry connections , though . 
  as you should be . 
  i 'd be sceptical of anyone who rants about the `` mainstream media '' so frequently that they need an abbreviation for it ... 
  they are a founding member of efdd . 
  let 's look at the other members , shall we ? 
  - afd - sweden democrats - five star movement - lithuanian order and justice - korwin of these at least afd and the sweden democrats are demonstrably far right . 
  what is white guilt about german remembrance ? 
  most of the people we massacred were white . 
  well thank god for you and your good contacts to westminster then !, 
  your vote has single-handedly saved the uk from the filthy european hordes !, 
  oh if that was your motivation then obviously may will listen to you !, 
  this , my friend , is the new senior director of strategic communications for the us national security council . 
  yes , you 're mlk , mate . 
  yeah , we could really use a ghost of christmas future right about now ... 
   he told reporters he will remain in europe after leaving his post in brussels next week . 
  good man . 
  honestly expected [ this picture ] ( https://www.dhm.de/fileadmin/medien/lemo/images/ba108631_1.jpg ) behind that link . 
   could be that bannon will be a significant historical figure of the early 21st century when it 's all said and done , for better or for worse , and most likely worse . 
  that being said i 'm not sure breitbart will be i really hope that breitbart make the mistake of actually basing their german subsidiary in the country . 
  because then it probably wo n't be long before they are prosecuted under incitement of the people laws . 
  so would you agree that your media is generally better informed on continental matters ? 
  i guess what i am trying to tease out is whether the article is correct and it is the language that is currently proving a problem for the uk and us or whether it 's a cultural issue . 
  they 're gas lights i think , so it 's more 19th century tradition ... 
  but only because it led to war ... 
   `` hackers '' are computer experts . 
  they do not need to know english . 
  and how exactly do you do spear phishing on a dnc employee without being absolutey fluent in english ? 
  i 'd be very surprised if even .5 % of `` compter experts '' worldwide were n't fluent in english . 
   you are right , but i do n't think there are millions of russians who are both fluent in english and qualified to work on state cybersecurity issues . 
  but every single russian who is qualified to work on state cybersecurity issued is fluent in english . 
  they have to be or they could n't even read up on new developments in the field . 
  the reverse is n't true obviously . 
  basic english . 
  yeah , how would you assess this article 's premises from an irish perspective ? 
  because i have a feeling that the irish press is generally better informed on continental european matters than the british press despite the population also being mostly english speaking . 
  oh it has . 
  15 years ago if i wanted to watch a movie in english i had to order an expensive vhs from a specialist mail order catalogue . 
  now i just have netflix set to english . 
  does n't chance the fact that you 're a brexit troll on this and other subs . 
  even your fucking username says you have no interest in actual debate for fuck 's sake . 
  ---------------------------------------------------------- also , as is my usual policy with obvious trolls , this will be my last answer to you in this thread . 
  nonengagement does not mean i can not refute whatever you will post next , just that i do not want to be drawn into a stupid argument with an ideologue . 
  history and culture can be quantified now ? 
  what makes british culture richer than estonian or romanian culture ? 
  they were talking about a deterrent against invasion on home soil . 
  nobody says the troops in korea do n't serve as a deterrent . 
  that 's what i do n't get about trump 's strategy of providing a stimulus to the us defense industry by blustering about nato commitments . 
  the larger eu nation 's buy domestic anyway and the smaller ones probably would start to as well rather than buying from an america that has just blackmailed them . 
  do n't engage . 
  it puts it into a certain light . 
  same in german : rhabarberbarbar . 
  a disgrace that they 're using the name of the great monastery of iona . 
   homogeneous did n't even need to click through to your comment history to know you 're a t_d user . 
  they have different kinds of pizza and everything !, 
  we had it in my corner of northern bavaria for the last four days or so but it 's been melting all day today . 
   it does n't really matter how many austrians are working in other eu states , because in all likelihood most are well-educated professionals who have emigrated into roles in which they are suited for , while through no fault of their own , migrants to austria are likely to be poorer or less-educated as a whole and therefore more likely to take traditional working-class jobs in austrian communities , sowing social strife which can no longer be solved by the austrian government . 
  eventually such social discord will lead to stronger anti-eu sentiments across the ` more-developed ' nations of the eu . 
  do you have any source for that or are you just extrapolating from your interpretation of the uk situation ? 
  you did n't but the person you 're defending did and you glossed over it . 
  but calling your opponent an autocrat and yourself a democrat is a-ok ?
