  no deal would mean visas would be mandatory until the uk scramble to have a deal after all . 
  and german renewables use under the conservatives is higher than under the spd/greens coalition . 
  why ? 
  because the current government profits from the foundational policies of the greens and renewables use is up globally anyway . 
  so why could it not be due to labour policy ? 
  and what about eu directives ? 
   if you read the manifesto you 'll see the conservatives have some pretty ambitious goals , for example , all cars to be zero emission by 2020 . 
  that 's not ambitious , it 's ridiculous and unworkable . 
   the environment is the best its been in probably 50 years , and how much of that is due to tory policy and how much due to labour or eu policy ? 
  only took about a year for that to sink in , too . 
  not from a uk frame of reference . 
  the eu is ridiculously left for the uk ( or , more accurately english ) political landscape . 
   essentially its not worth it , especially if you are leaving the eu single market . 
  that 's circular reasoning . 
  you 're leaving the single market because brexiters refuse to accept fom . 
  if labour wanted to preserve fom it would n't be forced to drop it because the uk could stay in the single market . 
  indeed . 
  as has , as i mentioned , ethiopia as well as large parts of egypt . 
  i do think , however , that that is an important common thread . 
  it meant that during the middle ages and later there were closer contacts with europe , unlike in egypt , india and ethiopia where other religions became dominant after antiquity . 
  happens all the time . 
  i 'm often mistaken for a pole and i always think the one manx person here is from hamburg . 
  yeah , it 's more extreme voting patterns . 
  which goes for the far left and the far right . 
  yeah , it 's fucking shameful . 
  i would n't say it 's a bad picture . 
  it was taken while the excavation work was still being carried out . 
  i often prefer those pictures to the academic ones of the cleared feature . 
  they have more life . 
  i always try to take such pictures when i 'm excavating and they are always the ones i go back to most . 
  happy cake day !, 
  i think it 's also a cultural thing . 
  georgia and armenia are among the first christian countries in the world ( alongside ethiopia ) . 
  they were christians when the roman empire still existed and long before many countries in ( the rest of ) europe were . 
  plus the armenian diaspora ( and to some extent the silk road ) means that all through the middle ages and early modern times there were close links between these countries and ( the rest of ) europe . 
   literally how ? 
   enoch powell was not a fascist at all ; he fought against the fascists in world war 1. , 2 . 
   enoch powell or nigel farage ? 
  enoch  no he would n't ; the majority of the population agreed with enoch powell and enoch powell would have been able to force the conservatives hand in the current political climate . 
  as i said . 
  utterly predictable . 
  this is n't even fun . 
  your username is supremely ironic in this context . 
  edit : oh and because i can already imagine your answers before you post them here are my responses in the hope that we can forego the predictable and utterly pointless dance that will change nobody 's mind : 1 . 
  no he was n't technically a fascist . 
  he was as close as you can get to one while still remaining a member of the conservatives 3 . 
  yes , he was a racist , why would you say he was n't ? 
  no , you ? 
  he would absolutely be in ukip now if he was alive 6 . 
  yeah , right . 
  [ take ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/2128080/thumbs/o-daily-express-570.jpg ) your [ pick ] ( https://leftfootforward.org/images/2015/05/the-sun-human-rights-act-27-may.jpg ) , then . 
  yeah but then you have to see his face and listen to him speak . 
  i was kidding . 
  it 's not something one would say like that but it was perfectly understandable . 
  crisp . 
  in britain it 's crisps . 
   all 7 billion ? 
  til there are seven billion people in 11th grade bavarian history class . 
  i do . 
  if the context is n't implied otherwise in the second sentence . 
  do you not agree that that context is given in the example above ? 
  at the very least by the title i quoted ? 
  the chapter in the picture is literally titled `` die deutschen und der holocaust '' ( ( the ) germans and the holocaust ) . 
  how 's that for context ? 
   here is an example for you : the air base ramstein is in germany , but it is an american air base , not a german air base . 
  so saying `` der deutsche luftst\u00fctzpunkt ramstein '' is totally wrong . 
  the only right way is to say `` der luftst\u00fctzpunkt ramstein in deutschland '' . 
  and if two us air force personnel are talking they might very well say `` ramstein is one of our german airbases '' since the context is clear , just like in this example . 
  i honestly think that this is all based on a misunderstanding of colloquial german . 
  maybe in polish location is n't broadcast adjectively like that and it 's always used posessively ? 
  i am 100 % sure that there is n't any malicious intent behind this and that it is understood just as intended by every reader . 
  thus i ca n't really bring myself to agree that there is something inherently wrong with the term . 
  of course , as you said , since this seems to be important to poles for some reason it would be a nice courtesy to avoid it anyway but i can understand that being screamed at makes people less likely to extend such courtesy . 
  nobody is . 
  i can totally see your point and i would even be sympathetic to it if it was n't always stated as an accusation of a conspiracy rather than careless language . 
  ( not talking about you of course but op ), 
  they sure go to pubs , though . 
  then again that is n't a problem in dublin . 
  frankfurt-amsterdam-paris does n't yield the best acronym either , though ... 
  mountains . 
  stop taking the pis . 
  show me one person who has argued that . 
  well this is a german book for german school kids all of whom will have heard about the holocaust countless times before and who know exactly who perpetrated it . 
  what shocked me most about this is that people are ready to pay # 63 to see nigel farage speak . 
  not yours , but merkel definitely commented [ on the french election ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-04-28/merkel-backs-macron-saying-he-d-make-a-strong-french-president ) . 
  and why not ? 
  what 's the harm in knowing what other countries would prefer ? 
  did he say anything about free movement ? 
  not to mention that free movement is massively popular and seen by many ( including me ) as the whole point of the eu . 
  so what 's in store for us for the next 20 years ? 
  you did great work there but you really need to speed up the wiggle to make it look three-dimensional . 
  oh come on . 
  there are literal neo nazi comments in this thread . 
  there 's a difference between men 's rights and internet `` men 's rights '' . 
  and the latter is indeed disgusting . 
  was that supposed to be an insult ? 
  because it really is n't . 
  people with a pro-europe sign and flags are an extremely important issue ? 
  o. . . k. . . 
  my inbox says i have , yeah ...
