  no orb !, 
  you 're the orb !, 
  not all farmers are large landowners living in style . 
  many barely get by . 
  there 's a reason that suicide rates are high among farmers . 
  i hope she wore a dark hood and cloak . 
   countries should want to be eu members for the benefits it brings , and those that do n't have a toxic press do . 
  sell the land your family had owned since the domesday book because theresa may says you should work in a call centre ? 
  sure , no problem . 
  it 's not self-flagellation , it 's flagellation of the political enemy . 
  look at the username . 
  the answer is almost certainly yes . 
  http://nordic.businessinsider.com/donald-trump-told-the-world-he-was-of-swedish-ancestry---but-its-a-lie-2016-8/ ( tbf this article says it was his father 's idea ), 
  that 's a bit like comparing a lovingly restored 1964 ferrari 275 gtb with a yellow stretch hummer . 
  both displays of wealth , yeah , but one classy and one garish and without a sense of propriety . 
  and do n't forget that he tried to pretend his family was from sweden rather than germany ... 
  if they ca n't rule it nobody else can have it !, 
  i very much doubt it . 
  she 's competent , she 's a woman , she 's german . 
  all things trump despises . 
  it 's as if it was specifically designed to be ugly and tacky . 
  maybe the interior designer was having a laugh . 
   it honestly does n't look any worse than these historical palaces . 
  look at the screenshot ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  one is a hodgepodge of different elements in mcmansion style , the other is a coherent ensemble of ( admittedly gaudy and overly ornate ) early classicism . 
  heck , trump 's abomination even has fake columns . 
  and we all know [ what fake columns are about ] ( http://www.mcmansionhell.com/post/148935246684/mcmansions-101-columns ) ... are you honestly saying you see no difference between the two ? 
  a step up from eiche rustikal i guess . 
  well this is the future of the 50s ... 
  but if you 're asked to do the same thing again later you 're golden . 
  exactly . 
  they do n't type , they have things typed . 
  and they do n't look up anything on wikipedia either , they have an analyst compile a report . 
  i honestly struggle to see what a head of state would need a computer for . 
  you do n't see a difference between a matching ensemble of early french classicism and trump 's thoughtless tacky russian oligarch style ? 
  really ? 
  plus the decorations in the \u00c9lys\u00e9e palace honour the office . 
  trump 's golden abomination tries ( and fails ) to honour a man . 
  the desk is 36 years older than the us , even . . 
   we are separate countries you know increasingly less so since last year 's suicide pact . 
   putin ?? 
   berlin i thought you were talking about germany ? 
   be it the us , ** the eu ** or china . 
  not while you 're outside of it , no . 
  as a member it did , though . 
  trump is too weak to actually inflict bodily harm on anyone . 
  when someone posted the side-by-side comparison of obama 's and trump 's entries in the guestbook of yad vashem in the german subreddit my only reply was god , how i miss barry . 
  we thought that after dubya , too . 
  so is ( eastern ) germany , which explains at least part of the above statistic . 
  first we somehow have to recruit people that are n't wehraboos . 
  once that 's happened i 'd be happy to give them more financial and societal support . 
  if you 're part of government how can you believe the government is trying to poison you with chemtrails ? 
   on the flipside , the netherlands now has more trees than it has ever had in history . 
  oh , so you got a second one then ? 
  correct, 
  yes , it 's no mystery . 
  have i or anyone here said anything else ? 
  and eu-wide law enforcement would be awesome , i agree . 
  however it 's weird that you are advocating it so aggressively here , in a thread that proves that even current cooperation is effective and a benefit . 
  and so was their arrest . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  do you mean the crime was facilitated by the eu or the arrest ? 
  make the platform yourself ? 
  is n't that what we are decrying here , the unwillingness to take such risks ? 
  hands down best tv channel in germany ( and in france as well ? ), 
  european unity is what turned the arrest of three low-level criminals into a major blow against the whole organisation . 
  there is no end goal . 
  the goal is to continue to coexist peacefully and prosperously in europe . 
  that was always the goal . 
  you should see the coverage about the autobahn toll then if you think the media are n't critical of merkel . 
  or really that on any topic . 
  the roman empire was n't a union of countries , it was a country with huge provinces with some loosely associated countries in the beginning most of which were later incorporated into the whole as provinces . 
  the british empire was a colonial empire , not a union and the commonwealth is n't nearly as successful as a union as the eu . 
  you 're not the investigative journalist you obviously fancy yourself to be with this comment , you 're just a pathetic conspiracy theorist and useful idiot to the authoritarians . 
  yeah but the  - orban at the end does n't allow another conclusion than that it 's sarcasm . 
  unless you believe orb\u00e1n actually posts here . 
  without that i 'd agree but this was clear as day . 
  at least you are n't at the stage of anti-eu government posters yet . 
  a ) relevant username b ) yeah but if you know you have to get one you can chose the one which does the least damage . 
  it 's still an important choice and not necessarily a hard one either ( crabs will be easily fought , syphillis will literally rot your brain ) . 
   and three , denying climate change is now offical us government policy oh god , reading that gave me chills . 
  it 's not technically true i believe but it might as well be . 
  old man way past his prime prone to incoherent rambling and known for randomly walking off if he gets bored ? 
  checks out . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like how you laugh at a dancing monkey but you 're scared of a dancing monkey that somehow got hold of a loaded gun . 
  if it 's anything like other countries they 'd be summoned to court and only arrested after failing to show up, 
  i imagine if macron wants to sue for libel he would be arrested . 
  but of course the yanks are notoriously hesitant about extraditing their citizens ( and probably doubly so for a neo nazi under the trump administration ) so i doubt that much would come of it . 
  though i do wonder whether a european arrest warrant could be issued if he does n't answer the summons to a french court . 
  that way we could effectively bar him from ever entering europe again . 
  why would a german voter care about siggi 's support of nafta ? 
  or even hear about it ? 
  if anything they 'll hear that he really stuck it to trump and spd support will go up . 
  do you , though ? 
  do you ? 
  you should buy one and donate it to the [ newseum ] ( http://www.newseum.org ) or similar press museums . 
  this is quite literally a piece of history . 
  `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' , remember ?
