  actually my first thought was * endsieg * ( = final victory ) , not * totaler krieg * . 
  either way it 's a deliberate allusion to nazi terminology . 
  yeah , their `` actual problems '' with the gays and the jews and the muslims should be addressed , sure . 
  we tried that before . 
   and then lots of people showed up who were n't aware of that and now think it 's genuine and serious . 
  including a certain martin schulz . 
  i still think it 's cringey , though . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  they 're clearly doing it ironically of course but still it 's a bit weird . 
  i do n't mind too much , though , i 'm sure it annoys donald 's ducklings so i 'm fine with it . 
  '' , the german chancellor asks : `` how high ? 
  '' , then hangs up the phone , has a good laugh and asks her aide `` can you believe he actually thinks i 'll jump ? 
  he actually believed me when i said ` how high ? ' . 
  americans have no concept of sarcasm '' ftfy, 
  we will be the example everyone needs to see that it can be stopped . 
  austria was the first positive sign , hopefully france will be next . 
  after that a schultz win ( or , let 's be honest , even a merkel one ) will be the sign everyone needs that the populists can be defeated . 
  green is n't the problem in an ampelkoalition , yellow is . 
  both for them to get enough votes to be relevant and them being willing to work with spd and gr\u00fcne . 
  says who ? 
   do your values include centralized decision making in everything ? 
  no , and neither do the eu 's . 
  i mean the biggest boogeyman of europhobes is federalism for god 's sake . 
  the exact opposite of centralisation . 
  if you do n't subscribe to our values what 's the point of union ? 
  takk, 
  unlike the ussr you are free to leave the eu . 
  and i 'm beginning to think you should . 
  do you really think norway would fight for poland but germany would n't ? 
  why do you include the nordics in this hypothetical scenario where for some reason western europe has decided to stay out of the fight ( which would n't happen anyway thanks to nato and eu ) . 
   what are other variants ? 
  and what other sources could have produced the high quality steel that comes from certain ulfberhts ? 
  i 'm no metallurgist but i 've been told by those that know better that the c-levels of williams 's one study from the 70s ( that all this is built on ) can be achieved by a normal early-medieval bloomery . 
  and indeed there are swords of the period the production of which has been definitely located in europe which have a similar chemical makeup as williams ' ones . 
  the [ sword of saints commas and damian ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sword_of_saints_cosmas_and_damian ) for example which was made in lorraine and has .7 -1.1 % c.  were n't some of the ulfberhts actually forged ? 
  who made these forgeries ? 
  i 'd prefer the more neutral term copies . 
  and they were probably made elsewhere in francia . 
  i 'm not aware of any definitive scandinavian copies , though i would n't be surprised if they exist . 
   the vikings were n't that great either . 
  alfred the great completely kicked their shit in . 
  their territory ultimately was just scandinavia and few islands outside it . 
  tell me about it . 
  i study them for a living . 
  it 's infuriating how they are fetishised by some people . 
  sorry but as a viking age archaeologist : that is absolute bullshit . 
  not only are ulfberht swords frankish , not scandinavian , but the crucible steel theory is n't widely accepted anyway plus actual scandinavian blacksmithing is a bit shit . 
  siggi 's one redeeming feature is that he takes no shit from nazis and other hecklers . 
  well tbf these are the things any non-german in this sub will care about most . 
   ~ ~ only 42 % ~ ~ a staggering 62 % of ~ ~ scots ~ ~ scottish voters voted to stay in the eu . 
  fixed your alternative facts there . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-36599102 ) counting non-voters is the oldest disingenuous trick in the book . 
  must be exhausting . 
  personally i 'd rather be a champion in my weight class rather than struggling on the bottom of the league table in the class above . 
  is unionism westminster syndrome then ? 
  yeah , especially on mobile it 's hard to keep them apart . 
  happens even to me sometimes though i see the franconian flag every day . 
  i do n't know , i do n't speak polish . 
  you both droped this : \u00bf, 
   what interests me is that the snp are horrified now about scotland not being in the eu , when they were perfectly happy to take it out of it by leaving the uk a few years ago , it 's almost like this is more about winning independence at any cost than it is being an eu member . 
  take it out and then reapply . 
  there was never a scenario where they would have stayed out indefinitely . 
  do n't be disingenuous . 
   , but with the ` ever closer political ' union imperative of the eu , national identities like austrian 's will eventually be a region within the german machine this is one of the most ridiculous things i have read all week . 
  you know nothing about austrian or german culture if you believe that . 
   as an austrian i 'm against being part of germany , but i 'm in favor of being in an union with germany . 
  hear hear . 
  best explanation i 've seen of the difference yet . 
  so exactly like may and the brexit press purport to speak for the 47 % remainers then ? 
  what about them ? 
  that 's the joke . 
  the `` moscow '' in `` from moscow with love '' is the place it was sent from , not the name of the person . 
  just like `` paris '' and `` scotland '' in our previous examples . 
  do n't we all remember that movie where james bond fought a supervillain named moscow who had sent him a letter ? 
  if i sent you a postcard while staying in paris , is it not a love letter from paris ? 
  decrease at first thanks to the devalued pound . 
  whteher it increases afterwards depends on the trade negotiations between the uk and the eu . 
  this is one of those occasions where i realise that things i take for granted are n't universal . 
  yeah , right , nobody cared about the eu , that 's why it was one of the [ main ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20140914205737/http:/bettertogether.net/blog/entry/eu-cant-trust-them ) attack [ lines ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/uk_together/status/506899714923843584?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) of better together . 
  must be exhausting being a politician ... 
   while browne 's display was the most disruptive of the night , a number of people took the opportunity to heckle the taoiseach , shouting expletives at him . 
  seriously , though . 
  is that normal in irish politics ? 
  fresh water quality is so dependend on local geology that it 's stupid to generalise a nation 's water supply . 
  it 's all about the regions . 
  that said i 'll never get used to other nations chlorinating their drinking water . 
  do you even read the guardian ? 
  the paper version , that is ? 
  by definition the clickbait thing is a problem only the online version has ( and specifically comment is free ) , and that 's not unique to the guardian . 
  spiegel online is also a shitty , sometimes clickbaity , news site while der spiegel is still the most respected political magazine in germany . 
  i have a feeling that many people judge the guardian by its online version and are forgetting that they are the ones that broke the snowden story and stood by their sources even as gchq forced them to take an angle-grinder to their harddrives . 
  that they were one of the investigative news outlets chosen by the icij to work on the highly-sensitive panama papers material . 
  no matter how much you people repeat it , the guardian is one of the most highly-respected newspapers in the world and not a tabloid . 
   he 's going to go to jail for 30 days or something . 
  that 's how it began last time as well . 
  what an absolutely disgusting human being . 
  he also does n't have the beard growth to pull off even that tiny mustache . 
  maybe they wanted him to die ? 
  almost as if they were sovereign countries with their own constitutions and not in a hellish eu-ruled dystopia at all ... 
  yours did n't .
