  we can call it a game of thrones . 
  just with identity , i can be both without any problem . 
  am i not also part of the demos of my council when they have elections ? 
  there are eu citizens and all of them together are the demos of the eu . 
  then we need a monarchy , though ... can we find out which the oldest still existing royal line is and use that ? 
  ( they do n't have to be monarchs still , just descendants of them . ), 
   preferably in the form of a europe of the regions , with every region electing their representatives this i think would be the best way forward . 
  yeah . 
  a green party mep will work together with green party meps from other countries to get environmental legislation passed even if it hurts their own country . 
  they 're not gon na work together with conservatives from their country to try to stop it . 
  edit : i realised that this sounds like sarcasm but i mean it completely seriously . 
  and in the eu the eu demos elect all their meps ? 
  speaking of rhetoric : i urge everyone not to use the term `` eurosceptics '' when they mean `` europhobes '' . 
  there are genuine sceptics but usually the people you are talking about are fueled by ideology not rational critique . 
  you 're joking but federal republic of europe ( froe ) would n't be the worst . 
  does anyone want to nominate their country 's official name for inspiration ? 
  too cyberpunk . 
  ( then again the originator of the phrase would probably prefer a corporate dystopia ), 
  well first you have to post a few liberal lefty sjw opinions on the internet , such as `` human rights should apply to all humans '' or `` women should be allowed to decide for themselves what to do with their bodies '' or `` pizzagate did not actually happen '' . 
  then you can apply to the eu ministry of propaganda and disinformation . 
  it 's rather well-organised actually . 
  they combine your checks from correct the record , antifa and the eu into one easy payment now . 
  it 's all soros ' money anyway . 
  is n't the current pope basically a socialist ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  does charles believe that homeopathy can cure cancer , though ? 
  as long as he only uses it for mild problems and does n't endanger anyone i see no problem in indulging an old man in a bit of irrationality . 
  and btw : the placebo effect works even when patients know they 're given sugar pills , so no lying necessary . 
  the ground is solid rock . 
  they blasted away a hilltop to build it . 
  steam engines for hauling up building materials and steel girders for the substructure . 
  let 's elect a mod from a different popular subreddit because they are outside the corrupt system and will dry up the morass !, 
  maybe / r/alt _ right ? 
  time to take our [ militant democracy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) on a test drive . 
  i predict it will withstand the onslaught . 
  i could care less about your comment . 
  i think * defiant * would be the closest but there 's really no 1:1 translation possible . 
  * trutzig * is a word that is only used in connection with fortresses , so it carries a mental image of a stalwart fortress . 
  trutzig is an english word ? 
  it 's made from steel . 
  it 's basically an early skyscraper made to look like a castle . 
  look at their username . 
  they have no intention of being intellectually honest or learning something . 
  it 's pure disinformation . 
  are you trying to tell me that ww1 was a result of german culture ? 
  really ? 
  they 're talking culture not politics !, 
  do n't play dumb , we both know that they think that there is some sort of genetic evilness in germans . 
  we get these types of comments all the time . 
  but what were the issues in german culture ? 
   please stop fantasizing about the collapse of our civil society . 
  i 'm not . 
  i wish it were n't, 
  but we do n't . 
  that 's my point . 
  but you 're on your way 3 . 
  [ this was the last time he was here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/15/dozens-arrested-swiss-protests-chinese-presidents-visit-xi-jinping-switzerland ) . 
  but if trump ever came to europe protests would be huge . 
   merkel kept pushing the same redistribution agenda even then it was clear that such a policy was n't going to work . 
  it would have worked . 
  but i guess we 'll never know now , will we ? 
   she unilaterally decided to ignore the rules set out by the schengen treaty . 
  this is a blatant lie . 
  the schengen treaty allows any country to accept people although they have been registered elsewhere . 
  it just ca n't force a country to do so . 
  so we opted out and did n't break the treaty . 
  oh , i 'd wondered whether it had been brigaded by the_donald or something . 
  all the anti-tefugee comments are upvoted massively , it 's crazy . 
  only the vast amount of brexiters are europhobes not eurosceptic . 
  most true eurosceptics were probably remainers because they understood the issues rather than see us as a bunch of dirty foreigners stealing jobs . 
  what were the unaddressed issues in german culture in 1916 ? 
  yeah but they would n't have a right for asylum if syria were pacified via magic wand . 
  they 'd be subject to normal immigration law . 
  i understand that it 's an economic necessity but i would have liked her to be a bit more critical . 
  whenever western leaders go to saudi arabia or china they do the human rights song and dance and both sides understand that they have to even if it 's basically just window dressing . 
  had she done that at least it would have sent a message that she 's not just rolling over for a bully . 
  and it 's not just the government either . 
  the papers gushing about how well they got on suggests to me that the narrative the media will go with is that trump is n't that bad when they should hold him to account . 
  i fully expect to see his abysmal approval ratings in the uk to change soon then . 
  well may kowtowing to the orange utan certainly has cemented that particular narrative so i would n't say it 's just farage . 
  i saw that in soldaat van oranje . 
  good movie , too !, 
  try it again , i fixed the typo . . 
  i think you might find it illuminating how clearly this was all known beforehand . 
  [ this is a guardian article from 1962 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/25/eu-european-union-political-union-in-out-eec ) speaking of the eec as a `` political union `` and saying both that federalism is a declared goal and that the issue was contested in britain . 
  you ca n't tell me you did n't know . 
  the french revolution is modern history ... 
  the eu has never been a trading block only . 
  by that logic you should never have joined rather than being `` turned off '' over time . 
  i do n't want to end up being assaulted or treated poorly simply due to being british . 
  there is absolutely 0 % chance of that happening . 
  well , i guess if you wrap yourself in a st. george 's cross and stand drunk on a public square and shout slurs at your host country it might but otherwise the worst you can expect is a gentle ribbing in the pub . 
  i 'm somewhat shocked to be honest that your perception is so warped by this sub and i ask you to consider that what most of what we have to go on regarding brexit is based on headlines in the daily mail ( and some more respectable news sources ) . 
  you know that that is n't representative of the situation in the uk so why do you think what you see here is representative for the eu ? 
  he only has to seem like he succeeded for four years and one day , though . 
  and after that just seem good enough to avoid impeachment, 
  they see it differently and i 'm inclined to agree . 
  i have many british friends . 
  it 's because i do n't want them to suffer that i 'm so angry with brexiters . 
  assassination by august .
