  so ironically if they want to retain dual citizenship they should hope for the hardest and most punitive brexit ... 
   and the guardian is a commercial project that aims to make money . 
  no it is n't . 
  making dampfnudeln ... 
  even that has been taken over by the germans !, 
  thanks merkel !, 
  yeah , still remain made a pretty grievous tactical error there . 
  they should have talked about it in percentage of gdp and laid out what the uk gets out of membership . 
  they let themselves be played though . 
  it 's hard to counter an opponent who can lie without consequences if you do n't want to resort to lies yourself but it can be done . 
  positive campaigning and keeping cameron out of it as much as possible could have worked . 
  which to be fair is brilliant rhetoric on boris 's part . 
  you can see from the person you 're replying to that he twisted dave 's words to such a degree that people still believe he actually said that . 
  a ) he certainly was n't in the remain campaign b ) that is still the us 's policy , so where 's the lie ? 
   they usually get jobs , and fired within 6 months and back at the job centers , only to be re hired 6 months later by the same employer , this is so that they do n't have to be payed fair wages and have no workers rights . 
  there 's no way out of it . 
  aannd that 's the eu 's fault how ? 
  but is n't that true for every major european language ? 
  just mentally add '' ... to speak of '' . 
  yet 405 is the type you get in shops that only sell one type of flour ( some discount supermarkets for example ) . 
  so it 's definitely seen as `` the standard flour '' . 
  so much scrolling to find nige !, 
  a ceo directly influencing a national government makes people want to leave the organisation trying to stop such influence ? 
  only in some threads , though , curiously enough . 
  this one could as well be in / r/worldnews or / r/the _ donald but others , even on similar topics , are much more reasonable . 
  it 's strange , really . 
  i think it has to do with reaching a critical mass of right-wingers early , so the majority of the / r/europe population do n't bother going against the consensus as they will only be shouted down . 
  the spice we call paprikapulver is paprika in english . 
  what we call a paprika has regionally different names , such as bell pepper ( us ) or pepper ( uk ) . 
  the sad thing is that either side of this debate will agree with your statement . 
  you totally misunderstood their point . 
  what they were saying with `` failure point approach '' is that there are different philosophies to food safety at work in the us and eu . 
  the eu tried to keep everything in the production chain reasonably safe and clean , so the end product is as well . 
  the us allows more unhygienic circumstances before a certain point and then makes the product safe with chemicals or irradiation . 
  both approaches work but the eu one is n't cheaper since all in all it requires more care and investment at the different stages . 
  thus they have refuted your point that chlorinating chicken makes it more expensive . 
  our vice-chancellor said that he thinks the negotiations have failed but nothing official has happened yet . 
  i think a lot of it is because they work as a multiplier . 
  1 troll can convince 5 normal users that maybe this putin guy is right afterall . 
  if you dominate the conversation enough others will join you freely . 
  i also do n't think most of / r/worldnews is read by far-rightists but the few that invaded it a few years ago managed to turn the conversation completely in their direction . 
  exactly . 
  what would be their endgame ? 
  surely they would know the could n't put a lid on it forever ? 
  this conspiracy theory about a cover-up , like so many of them , is n't internally consistent . 
  you . . you know that that 's [ a real thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_brigades ) , right ? 
  [ not a conspiracy theory ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/magazine/the-agency.html?_r=0 ) ? 
   now , i have access to media from literally every country in the world , and can just talk to people from the countries where these events are happening and receive a more accurate narrative . 
  i mean i really do n't think we properly appreciate how easy it has become to communicate with each other , especially across great distances , in just the last 20 years . 
  the problem with that of course is that while you know the tenencies and political leanings of the main media outlets in your own country that is not necessarily true for other countries , so the potential for misrepresentation is much higher . 
  for example , without google could you rank the following german newspapers on the left-right spectrum : taz , welt , faz , bild ? 
  every german could and understands accordingly that what the welt says has a different slant than what the taz does . 
  similarly when you talk to people from all over the wrld you never know whether they are being truthful or they have an agenda . 
  or what their biases are . 
  so in this very subreddit you can find germans that tell you that they are afraid to leave their houses at night because of refugees and that there are no-go zones in german cites . 
  then you have others , like me , who will say that that is bullshit ( because it is ) . 
  for example i know from context clues alone that the person with a german flair who started this sub-thread above is quite right-wing ( probably an afd voter ) because they unironically use the word * l\u00fcgenpresse * . 
  i would n't expect to pick up on such details if they were french or czech . 
  how do you know who to trust ? 
  it 's easy if they 're from your own country becuase you have context clues you can pick up on but you need to be immersed in a culture to be able to do that , so this does n't work with news from different countries . 
  so in a way the internet makes intentional and accidental misinformation a llt easier , not harder . 
  add to that the echo-chamber effect and i believe that a lot of the fucked-up politics we have seen recently is due to the internet . 
  only the government , though , not the people . 
  the anti-ttip argument for brexit was one of the weirdest in a long list of weird arguments . 
  you could point out again and again that it 's much easier for the us to strongarm an isolated uk into an unfavourable trade agreement , that the uk government were the most ardent supporters of ttip in all of the eu , and that the best shot at defeating ttip lies with other national governments but all you 'd hear back was something about fifth-largest economy and strength and sovereignty . 
  this is the most informed comment i 've read on this situation in a long time . 
  i honestly did n't expect that in this thread . 
  so spell it out for me : if not multiculturalism , a melting-pot or `` no browns pls '' , how should society be structured ? 
  it 's just the good old `` nazikeulenkeule '' . 
  works perfectly if you do n't want to admit to yourself or others that you are actually a nazi . 
  one thing you ca n't accuse them of is being hard on nazis . 
  what is a non-racist alternative that does n't amount to what the person above said ? 
  the election campaign is ramping up . 
  you 'll be hearing a lot more from him in the coming months ... 
  wow , the american campaign is devolving into actual conspiracy theories more and more . 
  and i thought it could n't get worse after the whole birthers thing the last time around . 
   and some clueless wannabe `` rebel '' westerners who have never been to eastern europe . 
  i hear the earthquake in italy is also the eu 's fault . 
  so what is your point ? 
  that there are some isolated idiots in this sub ? 
  i can point you to comments of brexiters literally accusing my country of being a crypto-nazi state using the eu as a means to establish a fourth reich . 
  there are always isolated idiots anywhere . 
  what exactly are you whining about above then ? 
  so you 're admitting it was n't a majority viewpoint ? 
  so i guess i can call you a racist because there was a minority of racists among leave voters ? 
  no , it would be supporting your claims with data . 
  ( `` you '' not being you specifically , of course ), 
  well , then link me to a few of those comments by german flairs , please . 
   it 's that the largest party in the european parliament was n't even affiliated to a single uk party . 
  the epp won and the uk could n't even have the choice to vote for an affiliate . 
  and you know why that is , right ? 
  because the tories chose to leave the epp in a huff in 2009 because they were not eurosceptic enough for their liking . 
  instead of working together they decided to do their own thing . 
  in no surprise to anyone only minor parties followed them and all that happened is that they lost basically all influence in the parliament . 
  that 's a classic exampe of britain trying to force their will on others by threatening to leave rather than cooperating for the good of all . 
  correct . 
  ever closer union is also just a phrase from the preamble of a treaty , a metaphor , not a policy goal . 
  the logic is that the eu is merely a collection of sovereign states working together for their mutual benefit while scotland is n't independent in the uk . 
  the third option would have been trying to advance everyone 's interest instead of your own on the backs of other countries . 
  that 's what the eu was built on .
