  though i guess brynj\u00f3lfur sveinsson has to do with that as well . 
  you literally did ask . 
  you asked napoleon to be exact and he gave us to you because you did the turncoat thing bavaria was so good at back then . 
  good point . 
   although 9 is not most of course yeah , i 'd misremembered . 
   i mean what twisted fuck do you have to be to want to see that . 
  you have to be totally desensitized through early and constant exposure to that stuff . 
  i actually worry sometimes that 4chan and reddit are breeding a generation without a capacity for empathy . 
  ( well , to be more exact , a generation where such tendencies are more common than in previous ones . 
  obviously not everyone is affected ) . 
  that idiotic creepy clown thing is an example for that . 
  idiots who think it 's funny to scare and attack others just because the internet says it 's the cool thing to do . 
  which media outlet shoud we believe then ? 
  i honestly ca n't tell anymore whether a particular post on brexit is satire or the real deal ... 
  well that 's disappointing ... 
  wait , is the dutch word for gay really homophile ( as opposed to homosexual ) ? 
  that 's pretty cool as it does n't reduce it to only sex . 
  do n't complain about echo chambers if you are the one creating them by running away !, 
  it was n't but if you want to believe it was feel free to . 
  it does n't change my point that all this could have been done inside the eu framework one bit . 
  so do you want to address that or do you just want to play pointless linguistic games ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/sep/29/eu-farming-subsidies-uk-cap-ceiling-england note that i did n't say it was the only one . 
  edit : downvoting a source provided on request . 
  most eu countries cap farm subsidies for large land owners so farmland ca n't be used as an investment . 
  guess which country does n't !, 
  as usual internal uk probblems that could be soved within the eu framework are being cast as something that one needs to leave the eu for . 
  do you qualify as highly-educated if you have n't , though ? 
  well obviously they 're the ones that drove up prices then , 
  if you actually are highly-educated learning a new language ( at least one in your own language family ) is a minor impediment at worst . 
  [ christian holliday , a tory councillor from surrey ] ( https://www.google.de/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/17/call-to-keep-uk-in-eu-should-be-treason-urges-tory-councillors-petition ) . 
  well , ex-councillor now ... 
  the news , yes , [ but ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/archives/politics/1114068/boris-johnson-being-a-member-of-the-eu-means-we-cant-help-steel-workers/ ) not the [ tabloids ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/657124/tata-steel-crisis-nigel-farage-brexit-eu-referendum-david-cameron ) . 
  and the vote has shown whom they believed . 
  edit : i wanted to show a link from all of the major tabloids but while i have the sun and daily express in there my link to the daily mail was blocked by auto moderator . 
  you can google their lovely headline `` eight reasons why port talbot never stood a chance ( and the eu is the biggest of them all ) '' yourself . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would like nothing more than brexit being averted but i think it 's naive to think that is going to happen . 
  remainers should fight tooth-and-nail for an eea solution instead that preserves their freedom of movement and the economic benefits of the eu . 
  soft brexit might still be achievable , no brexit practically is n't . 
  thanks for this clear explanation . 
  i 've often struggled getting across just how anti-eu the uk media has always been . 
  usually i just link to the latest express headline ( because you never have to look hard to find something there ) but your range of examples is much better in making clear that it 's not just the tabloids . 
  the thing is that most people inside the uk , even remainers , do n't ever realise just how much their picture of the eu is being distorted . 
  i think the fault of the media for brexit can not be overstated . 
  you 're right , the state should n't be able to be held hostage by a violent minority . 
  but i still think that this is how it would play out . 
  whether that factors into the decision-making process is n't anything we have control over of course . 
  the 48 % still are n't at fault . 
  i feel for them now more than ever , actually . 
  the biggest newspapers in their country call them unpatriotic in the headlines , a local politician has started a petition to make remain support treason in the future ( yes , really !, 
  and no , it does n't have widespread support , but still ) and they 're increasingly unlikely to get a soft brexit ( and keep their freedom of movement ) . 
  -  riots in the streets -  attacks on foreigners may has painted herself into a corner with her hard-line rhetoric . 
  she ca n't get out of a hard brexit now without provoking a violent backlash . 
  and blaming the eu while staying in would be the worst she could do . 
  she 'd paint a target on any eu ( and non-eu ) foreigner 's back . 
  and cameron with promising a referendum in the first place . 
  this right here is the difference between the anglo-saxon ( fptp , antagonistic ) and the continental european ( pr , consensus-based ) political systems , ladies and gentlemen . 
  look at the port talbot steel works in wales . 
  it was a big talking point before the referendum that it was being destroyed by being undercut by chinese steel dumping and there were not enough tariffs on chinese steel to stop it . 
  the eu had tried to introduce tariffs but the uk had blocked it . 
  and the narrative in the uk media was : eu does n't introduce enough tariffs . 
  and now guess how the majority in port talbot voted in the referendum . 
   but that would require knowledge of the positive case for staying . 
  and over many years , the british public were treated to nothing but the negative : story after story -- many exaggerated , some invented , others all too true -- of the eu 's failings . 
  nobody in power spoke of the positive things europe provided . 
  there was no counter narrative , and there had n't been since the 1975 referendum to join the eu . 
   the case that it was possible to be both independent and european was not made . 
  economic migrant ? 
  both . 
  it was written from a rus point of view at a time when identities of the rus were distinct from both scandinavia and those of the surrounding peoples . 
  well if we follow the narrative of the primary chronicle he was literally asked to help out ... 
  what i find crazy is destroying other people 's property . 
  not having the flag themselves is their prerogative . 
  personally i hate it as well and i ca n't see myself ever waving a german flag . 
  but that does n't mean i would break off others ' flags . 
  no , they 're the really crazy part of the far-left . 
  the ones that rip flags off cars during football tournaments . 
  and the besorgterburger . 
  with extra bautzener senf . 
   exactly but i do n't see a constant barge of people from the uk goading and berating europeans about their own countries ?!, 
  have you been on / r/ukpolitics ? 
  brexiters there are constantly using arguments like `` the eu is killing greece '' or `` germany is trying to build a fourth reich through economic means and the eu '' . 
  do you know how that makes me feel as a german ? 
  being accused of being a nazi ? 
  this also happens in this sub btw . 
  / r/europe is really the only place i can think of where brexit is regularly being discussed by europeans . 
  which makes sense as it 's a topic affecting every single one of us . 
  are you saying we should n't discuss it ? 
  or that we 're only allowed to discuss it after having spent a certain amount of time in the uk ? 
  it may be uncomfortable for you but what you 're seeing here is how brexit is being seen and discussed in the rest of the eu . 
  it 's a window into how your decision is seen by others . 
  you can dislike that but that 's how it is . 
  you ... you realise that exactly the same is true for the eu ane how it 's portrayed in uk media , right ? 
  right ? 
  ( i have several friends in the uk btw and i 'm there from time to time , so it 's not entirely media-based ), 
  mexico is an honourary member of / r/europe, 
  he has great comedic timing . 
  yeah , i hear you . 
  i see the same things and i 'm also starting to think that this can only lead to violence in some form . 
  unlike you i just do n't think it will be the end of democracy . 
  at least from the german perspective what happened last time was a world war and genocide ; but democracy rose out of the ashes strengthened with a 5 % hurdle to keep extremists out of parliament , a constitution that puts human dignity above all other values , a civic society inoculated against extremism to such a degree that it took until recently to wear off and a commitment to international cooperation in the eu that has helped stop another such event so far .
