  if you really believe that i hope you are building a bunker then . 
  put your money where your mouth is . 
  cancel all your long-term loans and mortgage , invest in canned food and move to the woods . 
  well the bbc is being attacked by both sides for being biased over brexit . 
  so it 's not exactly as clear-cut as you say . 
  so are both obama and merkel also paid by these media companies ? 
  because both have also condemned post-truth reporting and politics in their speeches . 
  exactly . 
  and german conservative mainstream politicians even less so . 
  it 's weird . 
  there 's so much overlap between the alt-right and redpillers . 
  and usually the latter cry about men always being told to be strong by society and all . 
  but on the other hand they want to discriminate against `` fighting age men '' or at least call them cowards for not fighting ... 
  and in germany . 
  his disgraceful behaviour in the tengelmann case and as regards climate goals for paris are two recent instances of him favouring corporations over the public . 
  messy-haired lad from eton discovers one weird trick to eat cake and have it , too . 
  eurocrats hate him . 
  i think it 's maybe only to party members ? 
  certainly not cold-calling people . 
  i 'm pretty sure that would be illegal . 
  i 've certainly never heard of it being done in germany . 
   we need a strong social democratic party again and he is certainly far better than gabriel or in other words he is a social democrat while gabriel is n't . 
  can you give a few examples of his detachment and his track record ? 
  because i currently see him as the only electable social democrat . 
  so what route did you end up choosing ? 
   currencies , like languages , create a sense of community . 
  and even traumatic experiences , like the recent eurozone crisis , can create bonds that transcend national borders . 
  a far larger number of europeans in the eurozone say they feel european than do those in countries outside the single currency . 
  this should n't be underestimated . 
  it probably explains why anglozone commentators ( excluding the irish ) are completely mystified why the euro is so popular in those countries that have it and why we are so mystified about their hate for it . 
  it 's been completely highjacked by the alt-right . 
  try asking / r/ukpolitics about the eurozone . 
  they will tell you it will collapse tomorrow . 
  actually they 'll probably come to this thread and tell you here ... 
  always struck me as more of a gw bush type . 
  i see what you did there . 
  it 's just ignorance , mate . 
  a stereotype . 
  just like one of the most militarily sucesful countries in history has to endure surrender monkey jokes you 'll just have to live with that . 
  i for one agree , traditional british cuisine is great . 
  as is traditional german cuisine and we have to endure the same ridicule . 
  it is quite similar actually . 
  a sunday roast would not look out of place on a mittagstisch and a victoria sponge would n't raise an eyebrow at a kaffeetafel . 
  you 're right but you were talking about people above.this is one of the main problems about brexit . 
  even after the vote people still do n't know the difference between border checks and freedom of movement . 
  they do n't know that the uk is n't in schengen and that everybody is screened at the border . 
  they do n't know that refugees in germany ca n't get into the uk . 
  they do n't know how the good friday agreement is dependent on the echr . 
  if people knew all that there would n't have been a leave win . 
  freedom of movement is n't about border checks , it 's about the right to stay and work . 
  how you get into the country does n't make a difference . 
  * if we were to make exceptions for the uk when it comes to freedom of movement of people that would mean we would endanger all of the common market of the european union as everyone else would be asking for exceptions next . 
  * * this is why i personally think : we will have to be prepared for another discussion with the comission on freedom of movement * she then goes on to discuss benefits for workers after having only worked for a short time in a country . 
  so yes , i would absolutely say that the above is a mistranslation . 
  she says nothing about `` when fom is valid '' and this is all in the context of specifically saying that fom is sacrosanct . 
  do n't have time for the whole thing either but i think the following has n't been highlighted before in this thread and deserves a translation . 
  `` but in my opinion we must not compromise the fundamental principle of free movement . 
  and again it is a paradox that the british have abused us in the past over the fact that we have made use of transitional agreements with regards to poland and other eastern european countries and now they are the ones who complain that they themselves have not made use of these transitional agreements . 
  and they want to curb freedom of movement for all of europe as a result . 
  this will not stand . '', 
  strong words from mrs. merkel . 
   my point is people do n't always vote for the best choice oh the irony of this coming from a brexiter . 
  if germany ruled the euro there would n't be zero percent interest ... 
  the lying baron ? 
  i 'd take an afd majority government over that slimy-haired bastard . 
  out last dynamic leader in germany was schr\u00f6der and in hindsight he was an absolute disaster . 
  gutting the benefits state and creating a lot of the problems of today in the process . 
  force our way ? 
  nobody in germany wants to be in power in europe !, 
   it 's also hard to not be at the center i mean , we are literally in the centre of europe ... 
  so afd and fn are n't extreme either ? 
  just for the record . 
  they 're the british version of fn , afd and the scores of other ultra-nationalist parties cropping up around europe . 
  of course they 're extremist . 
  iirc correctly you sign a learning agreement before going abroad and there is indeed a minimum amount of courses you have to complete successfully . 
   because this certainly happens quite often . 
  does it , though ? 
  i 'm sure it does happen but i would n't say it 's common . 
  but as long as we do n't have any reliable data it 's simply my experience vs yours . 
  what ? 
   the question is should eu spend money on people whose goal is to party and i presume that 's majority of erasmus students . 
  why do people keep saying that as if it 's the truth ? 
  i 've known scores of erasmus students and have been one myself . 
  almost none of them were n't deeply commited to their studies and excited to get a new perspective on them from a different institution . 
  as someone else in tbis thread said it 's 0.30 $ per person per year . 
  if you only partied on your erasmus you did it wrong and that 's on you , not the programme . 
  i 'd say about 70 % of my university year studied abroad and mostly via erasmus . 
  i would n't say that 's a small portion . 
  yeah , tell me how i felt . 
  i 'm sure you know better . 
  do you agree then that `` sovereignty '' was just immigration for those that did n't dare say they were viting because if immigration ? 
  having lived in a country that has almost no buildings older than 100 years that was what i was missing most . 
  and i 'm not joking . 
  other germans will tell you they miss german bread . 
  i could n't give less of a shit , what i really missed was gothic churches , baroque palaces or even just a street of bourgeois town houses . 
  which bluff ? 
  i see our values diverging more and more . 
  does n't look tacky to me though let 's see how it ages . 
  i also do n't agree that the techniques have been lost to history . 
  we know how to do them we often just use more modern techniques because they are less work-intensive .
