  i said be honest . 
  this is n't about hating europe ( note how you unconsciously set apart britain from the rest or europe with this choice of words ) , it 's about european identity in britain . 
  as you can see from my posting history ( and indeed my username ) i 've been very involved in this debate since before the referendum . 
  i have spoken to literally hundreds of brexiters and have yet to meet one who 's comfortable with a european identity for themselves . 
  that 's something you just do n't find in the rest of europe and you 're being disingenuous ibyou try to deny that . 
  and would you say that even 5 % of brexit voters would ? 
  be honest . 
  would you call yourself european ? 
   love being european bullshit . 
  i have literally not seen one brexiter who would call themselves european . 
  not one . 
  what is it to you ? 
  you told us repeatedly you do n't like us , why do you care whether we like you ? 
  ( again : `` you '' here means brexiters , not brits ), 
  brexiters , not britain . 
  we love britain , just not those of its citizens that told us they do n't want us . 
  the liberals are currently polling at 9 % in the uk . 
  i 'm sure they 're controlling the bbc , sure ... 
  we know what unchecked populism leads to . 
  it 's precisely because of german history that so many people are in favour . 
  no , you just ca n't escape your filter bubble . 
  * z american detected, 
  uhm , liberalism has always been centre to centre-right . 
  at no time has anyone said `` ah , the fdp/lib dems/insert other liberal party , a bastion of the class struggle ! '', 
  i have no idea what the person above was talking about . 
  but then they also say the brandenburg gate has no meaning to germans which is just wrong . 
  there is a reason we did n't let obama hold a speech in front of it when he was still a candidate . 
  because it has such a deep meaning that we only allow actual heads of state that honour . 
  it 's weird , is n't it ? 
  english-speakers ca n't seem to escape this bubble that sees the eu as something quintessentially bad and the natural state of being for everyone as being europhobic ( i refuse to use the word eurosceptic because that is also borne out of this bias ) . 
  even for the most pro-eu media it is always a necessary evil , not the great instrument of cooperation that we see it as , that we built for ourselves and that we 're so proud of . 
  edit : i just realised that when i said english-speakers i was being unfair to the irish . 
  there is n't any besides that it existed at the same time as the nazis , like any monument older than 72 years and that it was used by them for propaganda purposes from time to time . 
  but the more iconic picture is the closure while building the berlin wall and that 's what makes it an emotional monument and a symbol of unity for germans . 
  more so than the eiffel tower which is only a technology demonstrator for a world 's fair . 
  the brandenburg gate on the other hand has stood for the division of germany . 
  jpg artifacts actually . 
  [ they 're all still there ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/brandenburger_tor_morgens.jpg ) . 
  only the quadriga and one column were destroyed in the war and later reconstructed . 
   in 2002 guy verhofstadt ( r ) told russian president vladimir putin about his broken arm wtf ? 
  how is that relevant at all ? 
  i think they mean they were voting for brexit in the expectation of single market membership including freedom of movement . 
  a norway type deal was being floated by leave quite a lot after all . 
  still stupid to underestimate.ate tr hardliners like that but not as stupid as expecting single market membership without freedom of movement . 
  maybe they 're a us corporation and therefore a person ? 
  and yet when the brits were asked to vote for ideological self harm over economic security they did . 
  why should the eu not do the same ? 
  and those that voted for the shitshow will be able to blame it on other things rather than brexit if the effects are felt with a delay ... 
  yeah , under the eu commissioners septimius severus and caracalla . 
  they help to contextualise comments , though . 
  it 's a totally different context if i say `` german politics is shit '' or if someone with a greek flair says it . 
  and they needed that kick . 
  i just do n't know how we became the collateral damage in that . 
  we 're talking about europe here , mate , not the uk . 
  obviously in the uk there are people interested in brexit . 
  i think i 'd still prefer the plane crash tbh . 
  i 'd rather not have the time to even go through the first stage of grief rather than having to endure all of them and seeing my loved ones having to do the same . 
  of course the ideal death is of old age , having come to terms with your mortality a long time ago ... 
  yeah he seems like the kind who 'd subscribe to that shit mra ideology ... 
  see that flair ? 
  does it say bavaria anywhere ? 
  * main, 
  it 's actually delicious even if it does n't look like it . 
  rather a delicate flavour . 
  i actually understand it pretty well when i concentrate , however i should say that i have a degree in medieval scandinavian studies and speak old norse , the language scots probably loans most of it 's non-english words from . 
  ( and which , under the guise of norn , used to be the third big language of scotland until it died out in the 19th century . ), 
  but thanks for the link to the lecture , it 's actually really interesting !, 
  edit : an example i have come across just now that might confuse english speakers but that i took in stride since it 's a word with scandinavian roots ( apologies for orthography , as i 'm writing this by ear ) : `` language choices tell us * muckel * aboot the cultural allegiancies '' -  on * mikill * -  en a lot, 
  well these distinctions are almost always political rather than linguistic anyway , see spanish/portuguese , danish/norwegian , serbian/croatian/bosnian ... 
  but only because the donaudampfschifffahrtskapit\u00e4nsm\u00fctzenfabriken are not producing fast enough . 
  is n't scots generally considered a language , not a dialect ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i , like many in this comment chain , live in bavaria . 
  i can honestly say that i have never in my life met anyone who would seriously consider bavarian independence more than a moderately unfunny joke . 
  or of rothenburg ob der tauber , popular tourist destination . 
  or of bayreuth , wagner 's city and location of his annual festival . 
  a [ poached veal sausage to be exact . 
  ] ( http://www.gladrags.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/bier-brezel-weisswurst.jpg ) a popular brunch food together with wheat beer , ( soft ) pretzels and sweet mustard . 
  the wei\u00dfwurst equator is the line that divides southern germany from northern germany . 
  / r/altright 's reaction : yay , let 's kill them instead !, 
  of course they do n't say `` let 's '' but use the passive voice but it 's clear what they 're saying . 
  how is this allowed on this site ? 
  i hear it 's not so well received when we walk like geese ... 
  wtf ? 
   seriously , in the uk the government takes seriously what the people want that ... that must be sarcasm . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
   though they 'll be able to legislate around it quickly now . 
  well there 's your answer . 
  `` judicial activism '' ? 
  is that the middle class way of saying enemies of the people ? 
  well you asked for my opinion ... 
  but cool , now we have closed the loop so as an answer to your comment  that 's your opinion , not however the collective view of the british people . 
  let me refer you back to mine : [ but why is that ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5kvsxp/theresa_may_to_fight_2020_election_on_plans_to/dbrpqrn/ ), 
  in a democracy every citizen should have a vote . 
  period . 
  that means prisoners and it means citizens who have been non-resident for more than 15 years . 
  your right to vote ( and stand for office ) is the most sacred right as a citizen of a democracy and one which should be inalienable . 
  how does it help to rehabilitate people if they are stripped of their most important way to help shape society ?
