  they 're still foreign countries but there is a mutual feeling of kinship and shared culture that 's hard to explain . 
  and now imagine canada having a referendum with a lot of vitriolic comments about americans and the us and in the end deciding to suspend a lot of trade , close the border and implementing a punitive visa system for americans . 
  and on top of that you find out that canadians never thought about you the way you thought about them , as friends rather than neighbours you secretly look down upon . 
  that 's how this feels . 
  like a deep personal betrayal . 
  ( note that i 'm not saying there will be closed borders and visas in the uk . 
  i 'm just trying to find an example that would be equivalent in a us-canada setting since they 're not in a political union ) . 
  who decided to leave euratom again although it 's not an eu agency ? 
  it 's literally a unilateral decision by the uk government that was tacked onto brexit and has nothing whatsoever to do with the eu . 
  human intelligence ( spies and assets ) , as opposed to sigint ( signals intelligence = telecommunications and remote sensing ), 
  `` you do n't want to go on a date with me ? 
  well i never liked you anyway ! '', 
  you really , really have no idea what it means that basically anyone here can read the uk press ( and not vice versa ) . 
  we 're very aware of the rhetoric around the referendum and against us . 
  this was n't just political , it was very personal . 
  as did the gdr . 
  but where 's the outcry ? 
  particularly from brexiters who do n't want hard brexit . 
  it 's like they do n't exist . 
  that 's why it was only a middle finger and not the more traditional british two fingers !, 
  uhm ... so do you actually read it or is this only based on the title page ? 
  because the latter would be extraordinarily uninformed . 
  you know that these competencies do n't lie with the eu right ? 
  you 'll have to have 25 individual reciprocal agreements . 
  i think you 're not getting the sarcasm . 
  because yes , that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  nobody in this comment chain was calling for their demise . 
   hat does not make their concerns invalid it just indicts both the uk ** and eu leadership ** for having allowed this needless and senseless split to occur . 
  no you do n't get to say that . 
  this is firmly 100 % the uk 's fault . 
  ( i do agree with the rest , though ), 
   same , it is hard not to take it personally . 
  yeah , they 're calling for your demise . 
  they 'd have to spend all their energies on extricating themselves from the uk first , though . 
  me too , mate . 
   i expect the eu to hold the same line in negotiations with the uk . 
  well , of course . 
  it 's not like everyone who matters has said this over and over and over and over again . 
  free movement is non-negotiable . 
  it 's a line in the sand . 
  they 're known for their clever and provocative title pages . 
  no idea how that makes them yellow press . 
  [ so has the daily mail . 
  ] ( http://boingboing.net/2013/03/22/transgendered-teacher-kills-se.html ), 
  are . . are you implying that the spiegel is yellow press rather than one of europe 's most respected news magazines ? 
  empire ( and , yes i know . 
  hah hah , germans do n't get jokes . 
  i just want to make sure to make it clear to those not following the debate closely ), 
  [ the most recent survey i could find ( from 2014 ) ] ( https://www.google.de/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://whatukthinks.org/eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/analysis-paper-2-do-we-feel-european.pdf&amp;ved=0ahukewiv5adivvvsahwikjokhapnd9eqfgg1mac&amp;usg=afqjcne2ffv4o3yekzqk2dmxdlpm9zpara ) had `` do you see yourself as european '' at 15 % . 
  ( pdf warning ! ), 
  i doubt this has increased to `` the vast majority '' in the meantime . 
  originally it was reported that 36 % voted . 
  64 % is significantly higher than that . 
  i agree , though , that it 's still shamefully low . 
  since the rest of the voters do n't bother going to the elections they still represent all of britain . 
  just like donald trump represents all of the us now , even those that protest against him . 
  you just discovered one-trick pony boris johnson 's one trick !, 
  you do n't see yourselves as european , why should we ? 
  as much as i hate bild i have to give them credit for not being quite as bad as the dm . 
  i mean in this front-page alone they are literally celebrating the release of a convicted war criminal . 
  it sounds like a good summary of the general mood of at least the german population on this topic to me . 
  what is trollish about that ? 
  hey , you 're the guest in this sub , not they, 
   why a population so pro-europe you ca n't be speaking of the british population , can you ? 
  they were never pro-europe . 
  reluctantly going along was almost the most positive you could say about their attitude towards us . 
  the sad thing is that that was changing in the younger generation . 
  but that has been cut off now . 
  [ they did ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/09/young-people-referendum-turnout-brexit-twice-as-high ) . 
  the low youth turnout is a myth that was debunked two days after the referendum . 
  yet it still lives on . 
  i for one am profoundly sad for my british friends today . 
   ms may will sign off on anything , apparently except for an indyref of course . 
  you might as well say ukip represent the country because they got the most meps . 
  in europe they do . 
  they are the elected representatives of the british people in the eu . 
  seriously , it 's like they 're trying to be cartoon villains . 
  can this myth please fucking die already ? 
  [ here , this is a guardian article from 1962 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/25/eu-european-union-political-union-in-out-eec ) . 
  notice how they speak of political union and whether the uk should join that project . 
  including discussions of sovereignty . 
  the eu and its predecessors were never ever ever intended to be an economic union only and the uk was very aware of that from the very fucking beginning !, 
  do n't use the e word !, 
  brexiters are allergic to that . 
  they 'll tell you it has nothing to do with that whatsoever and you 're stupid to make the obvious connection . 
  hear , hear, 
  americans always have to make everything about themselves ... 
  i 'm certainly also happy that die linke is not polling too well , yes . 
  the centre is where it 's at . 
  are you expecting them to actually know anything about german politics ? 
  do n't be naive !, 
  well they 're a bit stupid if they expect us to understand their memes without explaining them , are n't they ? 
  something about uranium presumably ? ... 
  mostly by talking to scots who by and large agree that they can see the same historical thread while pretty much every english person emphatically denied it ? 
  it 's a position i arrived at empirically . 
  if you asked me to analyse why they are more willing to acknowledge that , i 'm guessing it has to do with the fact that their identity is not tied up with britain as a whole as much ? 
  when the uk lost much of its status they could fall back on being scottish , something that had n't lost any value as an identity while the english had been so dominant in britain that they really could n't separate their english and british identities . 
  but that 's really more speculation on my part and i 'm not a sociologist . 
  why is that a contradiction in your mind ? 
  did you mean `` could n't '' ?
