  at least if he continues to antagonise the intelligence community and the military-industrial complex . 
  tbf the most rabid europhobes i see on this sub ( except for the brits obvs ) are almost all dutch . 
  i 'll upvoye you because you should n't be downvoted for trying to explain your country 's stance even if it 's utterly moronic . 
  we still do . 
  because he 's the one some of your voters chose to represent them in the eu parliament . 
  is n't that a pretty neutral descriptor for someone that hates the eu ? 
  well the basket was just set on fire so let 's hope you managed to relocate a few eggs ... 
  that 's a giant , not an old man . 
  the 4 are * landv\u00e6ttir * , the guardian spirits of the 4 quarters of the country . 
  i wo n't trust the economic expertise of anyone who thinks the currency was called `` the deutschmark '' . 
  they were n't even from afghanistan , mate . 
  that narrative is part of the problem ... 
  have i misread that ? 
  does n't amsterdam have the highest gdp in nl ? 
  and here i am , stuck in the middle with you ... 
  better for us since he 's not as unpredictable and probably respects proper diplomatic channels . 
  probably a lot shittier for us citizens though . 
  well d\u00f6ner kebab is . 
  i doubt we can lay claim to the concept of meat on a spit , i.e. 
  kebab ... that one probably goes back to the palaeolithic ... 
  italy , germany and switzerland seem to be the only countries whose capitals do n't have the highest gdp . 
  federalism ftw . 
  yeah , i was n't being sarcastic with that . 
  i 'd totally eat a maple syrup kangaroo taco . 
  it seems the mexicans are n't sending their best ( chefs ) . 
  i 'd eat a maple syrup kangaroo taco . 
  citing two right-wing parties as an example dooes n't strengthen your argument ... 
  yeah but building a wall there would be ... undiplomatic . 
  so both negative and positive news is posted by europeans you mean ? 
  i 've been saying all along that dublin will be the one to win big out of this !, 
  no one wants to move to frankfurt or learn german/french . 
  not everything is about the us you know ? 
  this for example is about turkey . 
  would n't have applied to the orange utan anyway . 
  that 's the joke . 
   it never happened . 
  it was never a problem as far as im aware of . 
  it was made a problem which it never was . 
  the whole thing was a reaction to erdogan trying to use that law . 
  that 's what it was all about . 
  that 's what i thought , thanks . 
  that does n't help if the vast majority of the voting population does n't also do it unfortunately . 
  and i presume you agree that / u/lewy01 is wrong when they say that `` the vast majority of brexiters '' would rather be a state of the us than a country in the eu ? 
  i just want to show them that they 're not doing their side a favour by demonising the eu like that ... 
  but they already have a moat !, 
  do you and / u/trucidator and all the other brexiters here agree with this person 's statement that  the vast majority of us would prefer to be the 51st state then a part of whatever a federal europe would be ? 
  aww , i was n't sure whether the kohl-mitterand picture was as well known and iconic in france as it is in germany . 
  it 's nice to see that it is . 
  is a lenient bankruptcy law a particularly left position ? 
  i would have thought it fit more naturally with the business-friendly right . 
  what about puerto rico then ? 
  i very much doubt that . 
  come on , ask any brexiter . 
  tacky golden elevator gold . 
  i 'd be all for military consolidation and spending increase . 
  the only problem i have is that trump would spin it as a win if we started spending more and it might get him re-elected . 
  i 'm not a socialist and it makes a difference to me . 
  i also think tht libertarianism is the most idiotic 14-year old boy political philosophy there is . 
  if you knew anything about european politics you would know that `` socialist parties '' on an eu level are mostly social-democrats ( the french model of socialism ) . 
  europe . 
  he 's an ardent european . 
  he 's not a socialist . 
  taken down by farage ? 
  do you live in a mirror universe ? 
  is everyone wearing mustaches where you are ? 
  myrrh and frankinsence i believe . 
  but those people will vote afd anyway . 
  so they 're not a threat to either schulz or merkel . 
  we 'll i 'd say that she is more like a true conservative , not so much a neoliberal like the ones that have somehow managed to take over almost all conservative and many social-democratic movements around the world ( cf. 
  tories , blairite labour , republicans , democrats , spd ... ) , although she has loads of pro big business policies as well . 
   it 's not an especially `` pro-refugee '' stance by any means it was mostly a pro-the eu not getting completely overwhelmed stance . 
  you mean the media used every opportunity to make steinbr\u00fcck look like he 'd embarrassed himself ? 
  if western civilisation does n't collapse i 'll count it as a win . 
  reduced proliferation of made up news and their effect on the population . 
  statements like this would have worked 50 years ago when nobody spoke each other 's language . 
  but all of europe could read all the campaign materials and the facebook posts and the tabloids stories . 
  we know that this was specifically directed against us as people . 
  it reflects worse on you than us if you do n't know the president of the european parliament tbf . 
  for being a jingoist asshole . 
  and i will not respond to any more of your posts from here on out . 
  you 'd be surprised to learn how many researchers are below the # 35.000 threshold that is currently used as a cut-off . 
  you 've been attacked for being a jingoist , not for your vote . 
  it did when you look at the alternative charts !, 
  australia has actually floated that idea ... 
  not that you will care in any way because you 've already made up your mind but the reason for that is that research and teaching are more separated in many european countries . 
  if entities such as the max planck intitutes , the frauenhofer institutes , the cnrs or the different national academies were in there , the list would look differently . 
  it just so happens that in anglo-saxon countries universities do most of the academic research and the rankings developed in anglo-saxon countries put a heavy emphasis on research ... 
  the icelandic word for police is l\u00f6greglan , which means law regulators ... 
  well they had to pad out the list somehow ... 
  no , she 's more like pence : putting ideology over common sense . 
  no but by the same alt-right movement . 
  [ literally a post there right now ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/le_pen/comments/5q1d9s/i_dont_speak_french_but_im_rooting_for_le_pen/ ), 
  have you forgotten brexit ? 
  it 's already happening elsewhere . 
  reminds me of hofer having to publicly rebuke farage because even the austrian right did n't like him or his referendum rhetoric . 
  for someone who 's totally not an american you 're strangely obsessed with her . 
  and what does that have to do with hillary ? 
  i 'm german , our state is built on the concept of [ * wehrhafte demokratie * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) . 
  so no , your weak slippery slope argument does n't work on me . 
  i for one would love a french intelligence agency dismantling that particular swamp .
