  you 're literally excluding them from society and somehow hope they still go back to sticking to its rules . 
  no , it started with me asking why you think prisoner voting is a bad thing . 
  then ( a bit like the brexit campaign ) you made it all about sovereignty although this has nothing to do with the question . 
  your argument was literally `` it 's bad because people think it 's bad '' . 
  and then you thought i was attacking parliamentary sovereignty for some reason . 
  so your benchmark for successful governance is `` just good enough that people are not revolting violently '' ? 
  which is exactly why the echr is so necessary . 
  as i said above  but since that 's not gon na happen the echr is a good compromise . 
  and how 's that working out ? 
  so it 's not about what people want , it 's about parliament ? 
  so why did you say it 's what people want ? 
  so you 're of the opinion that a state should always do what the majority want ? 
  is that why the supermarket is being sued for the name ? 
  so there is no precedent of british institutions using it ? 
  fencers ? 
  but why is that ? 
  how is prisoner voting a bad thing ? 
  every citizen should have a vote in a democracy . 
  that 's why i said they 'd need to codify it in `` a '' constitution , not `` the '' constitution , i.e. 
  they 'd need to create one . 
  but since that 's not gon na happen the echr is a good compromise . 
  or so one would think . 
  i try not to be, 
  i 'm more worried about large swathes of the population reading tabloids and being manipulated into stupid votes against the nation 's interest . 
  but my friends will and i only want the best for them . 
  probably an overreaction to said sentiment . 
  for the record i do n't agree with them.using that language . 
  i 'm already looking forward to seeing my british friends over new year 's , it 's only your government and manipulative press i have a problem with . 
  because the whole brexit campaign was run on an anti-europe platform ? 
  turns out people do n't like being told they 're not welcome . 
  i could even see the uk pulling out and only relying on local law but only if they codify human rights in a written constitution that can not be changed by the current government . 
  human rights are inalienable and they have to be protected from daily politicking . 
  unfortunately may wants to replace them with a weak charter of british rights that she can not only change if she wants but will most likely only apply to citizens . 
  and in that light an international organisation safeguarding the basic rights or everyone is the better choice . 
  the echr is an appeal court . 
  it can only become active if cases are referred to it from the national court system . 
  it ca n't just go into russia or turkey and decide court cases . 
   i do n't understand why a big organisation like echr is unable to make deals with those dangerous countries though , to make sure the terrorists and also normal criminals that we want to deport get a fair trial . 
  so exactly what happened in the case we 're talking about ? 
  where he was allowed to be deported once jordan promised not to use evidence obtained by torture in court ? 
  it 's almost as if human rights applied to all humans . 
  because this is n't the . 
  19th century anymore and no researcher would do something like that . 
  i could see a single individual being overcome by greed but a whole team ? 
  may has always had a certain authoritarian streak . 
  she already wanted to leave the echr when she was home secretary . 
  those mostly exist in movies ( un ) fortunately ... 
  as i said i 've asked around but nothing yet . 
  it 's not really my scene ( i specialise in a different time and place ) but others do n't seem any the wiser either . 
  thanks . 
  unfortunately from what i could glean from google translate there is n't more info on there about who that team is supposed to be . 
  as a german archaeologist i can say with confidence that you could leave 10 pots of gold there and we would record them and give them to the relevant authorities . 
  we would never smuggle artifacts like that . 
  it 's against all ethics standards of our profession . 
  which means either these were n't actually archaeologists or they were n't smuggling and this is all propaganda . 
  i 've asked around but sofar nobody i know has been able to ascertain how true this is . 
  however after more than a day it 's still the only ( english or german language ) news report that i can find on google mentioning this at all . 
  so odds are it 's ompletely fabricated . 
  let 's hope so . 
   ( edit : she also has a communist past ) so do your heroes kazynski and \u00d3rban . 
  it 's almost as if growing up in a socialist country means one has to join socialist institutions . 
  that 's more swss , really . 
  with ws standing for white supremacists . 
  luckily it 's not 14-year old americans that decide who is or is n't in nato ... 
  your superiority complex is sickening . 
  effective propaganda , that 's why . 
  what do you mean you 're not sure how they can apply for asylum ? 
  anyone can apply for asylum in any country . 
  you can also apply for the job of president of the us by sending a letter to the white house . 
  you wo n't be accepted however and they were n't either . 
  yes . 
  a customer with good will and cultural connections to germany . 
  your local stammtisch is n't `` most people in germany '' . 
  but it 's the only one we have left . 
  by the time those kids are voters it might be too late . 
  we need to stem this tide now . 
  itt : people shitting over a beautiful christmas message on christmas eve . 
  uhm , that 's canada . 
  the only comparison we have e in germany is the refugees from the balkans who came in their 100.000 s in the 90s . 
  more than 90 % are gone now . 
  do you have examples ? 
  they 're still required to leave when the situation in their home country improves . 
  that 's the whole point of refugee status . 
  i read it as x $ . 
  just a silly roman numerals joke . 
   it can be argued that a large percentage of refugees will stay in europe foreve why ? 
  not the only one . 
  there are other heinz r\u00fchmann flicks . 
  quax der bruchpilot comes to mind . 
  10 euros seems a bit steep ... 
  nor to me . 
  glad we 're in agreement . 
  and this is why brexiters will never understand the eu . 
  their press has told them for such a long time that the eu is a superstate ( and not just a voluntary union of sovereign countries ) that they 've actually started to believe it . 
  both the paris stadium attacker and the ansbach one were hindered by security and casualties were reduced as a consequence . 
  the ansbach one even managed to only blow himself up . 
  and it was n't even armed police , just event security in both cases . 
  i think as much as we tend to think that these people are unstoppable killing machines we should n't forget the they are also amateurs . 
  by definition they have n't made a suicide attack previously . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ode_to_joy#the_poem ),
