  a teenager 's whole lifetime . 
  that 's like saying that reunification problems were the biggest thing on the mind of 2005 germans . 
  huh ? 
  game theory is not an ideology . 
  it 's simply a mathematical model to describe the outcomes of certain behaviours in certain systems . 
  this is like saying that formal logic is an ideology . 
  well it presupposes rational actors . 
  and if this year has shown us anything it 's that frustrated electorates wo n't even exercise basic rationality ( do n't elect a shouty reality tv star , do n't blame your country 's woes on an entity that was trying to mitigate your government 's policies ) . 
  maybe we can get the cdu/csu to allow it with that ? 
   i 'm not using the word liberal in its american sense . 
  which was the right thing to do according to game-theory . 
  decoupling people 's thoughts on him from the referendum . 
  at least one thing he did right but it was n't enough . 
  it 's complacency . 
  they did n't have to go through what you are going through so they are taking things for granted and do n't value them . 
  it 's the same with the rise of the alt right in general : the generations that have gone through war have largely died off so their descendants abandon the values of `` never again '' that they dedicated their lives to . 
  hofer is n't a conservative mate . 
  he 's alt-right . 
   that 's inflammatory i see what you did there . 
  actually i was being very tongue-in-cheek though i can see how it could be understood differently in the current climate . 
  i just could n't resist the target that your choice of words presented . 
  i am very aware that the brexit vote is a huge tragedy and a loss not only for britain but also for all of us in the eu . 
  that is about as likely as brexit being a success . 
  or me winning the lottery next week . 
  ( i do n't play ) . 
  kinda telling that you are using the metaphor of a useless atavistic appendage that is prone to infection . 
  battling german incompetence with even worse american incompetence ? 
  solid plan . 
  yeah , how can politicians actually stick to what they have promised ( i.e. 
  no early negotiations ) ? 
  i can see how that would be weird from a tory perspective . 
   seen through that prism , cutting a quick deal on citizens ' rights might have perpetuated illusions in london that this is a negotiation among equals , rather than a lopsided situation in which britain , having voted to leave the club , is dependent on the goodwill of all 27 former eu partners . 
   `` it is the british who decided to leave the eu , not the eu that is leaving britain . 
  so they ca n't now say they want to keep just the bits they like and discard the rest , '' said a person familiar with merkel 's thinking . 
  it 's time may and the three brexiteers got a reality check . 
  i 'm sure if they had had a moat of several miles they would not have been `` collaborators '' either . 
  forgotten dunkirk already , have we ? 
  also you 're being extremely disrespectful towards all continental european resistance members . 
  it 's right there in the article . 
  the third to last picture , the view from the kitchen window . 
  well the good thing is that if breitbart open a german subsidiary it 'll be easy to arrest those that fall foul of anti-incitement laws . 
  i 'll never understand how europeans laugh at americans ' consumption of fox news but lap up breitbart . 
  might want to learn how to spell your favourite propaganda rag at least . 
   i have lost faith in most popular outlets to inform me in a timely and unbiased fashion about the results of govt . 
  policies #  i still read spon and zeit , mostly because they are faster on current events . 
  i 'll let that stand for itself . 
  the somewhat united kingdom of england ( and wales ) suke ( w ), 
  he 's a bully , plain and simple . 
  a bit like the evil cardboard cutout businessmen that are the villains of so many children 's and young adult stories . 
  let 's just hope a plucky gang of kids will be able to thwart his plans . 
  i was so sad when mr. eco died recently . 
  he was one of our last few true renaissance men . 
  i really liked this detail :  the milnes now fly a mexican flag from their hilltop house, 
   i feel what you are doing is seeing two sides of a conflict and declaring both sides equally culpable . 
  but in this case , that 's not right . 
  that is both a succinct description of and an explanation for 2016 's politics . 
  all of the tv channels i watch regularly ( arte , ardalpha , zdf neo , bbc ) are government produced . 
  the private ones only produce shit . 
  the only private tv i watch is netflix . 
  and while i enjoy that it does n't satisfy all my broadcast needs . 
  especially when it comes to news , btw . 
   german masterrace ugh . 
  we ca n't use that phrase . 
  others can but we ca n't , ok ? 
  i would n't say it 's underrated . 
  it 's a pretty big part of the german tv landscape ( and the french one , too , i bet ) . 
  actually it 's pretty much theonly watchable channel in germany . 
   the guardian is just reporting on the prime minister of * malta * 's opinion of brexit negotiations because there 's nothing else in the news today and they 're trying to maintain drama . 
  this , ladies and gentlemen , is a brexiter 's level of understanding of the european union . 
  for you information : the stance of the government of malta is newsworthy because malta will assume the presidency of the council of europe in january . 
  their presidency will oversee the triggering of a50 and the first part of the negotiations . 
  so yeah , it 's not about a slow news day at all . 
  it was a disaster when it comes to the handling of asylum and refugee status . 
  immigration and freedom of movement did n't figure into it , though . 
  they did call everyone else in the orgy ugly , though , before they said they 'd leave . 
  fair enough . 
  i gloss over quotations so had n't caught it . 
  that said i 'm pretty sure he was not speaking metaphorically . 
  please tell me you have n't voted leave . 
  i knew the remain campaign was a disaster but i would have thought they would have managed to get across such basic knowledge at least . 
  conveniently ignored the nuking isis part , have n't you ` ? 
   people who have n't heard of the name frauke before , i guess what makes you think that ? 
  it 's a common name in the north ... 
  well you can hope but it 's about as likely as a welsh independence referendum next year . 
  prepare for more `` will frau kepetry be chancellor in 2017 ? '', 
  post on / r/germany . 
  while i agree that it wil not happen i do n't agree that mps would be silly to oppose it . 
  tehy would be courageous . 
  placing the interests of their country before their own careers and possibly their pyhsical safety . 
  but yeah , it wo n't happen . 
  brexedict trumperbatch, 
   a sinister project sometimes i think brexiters live in a fantasy world . 
  the difference is that they win votes by saying they can have it while in other places politicians want it as well but are honest enough to tell their electorates that it is n't possible . 
  they do n't call it the rain forest for nothing , you know ... 
  actually he built with dirt too and only clad it in stone . 
  pure stone would be too instable anyway as it does n't absorb the energy from cannonballs as well as earth . 
  well one of the reasons they 're more common in france nowadays is that they were destroyed by napoleon anywhere else ... 
  i can think of several examples in germany for example that are only still known by those that know what to look for in a city map . 
  [ even the us has some . 
  ] ( http://www.airphotona.com/stockimg/images/02279.jpg ),
