  i have yet to see your bluster become real here . 
  you 're chastising the eu for not getting involved in something it never should , wanted or was expected to get involved in . 
  you 're ridiculous . 
  the eu is n't the world police and it is n't a security union , and certainly was n't then . 
  that 's an idiotic view of the situation . 
  but why would it be the eu 's domain just because it 's close ? 
  show me an original source that it included ireland then . 
  huh ? 
  kosovo was n't in the eu or of the eu 's concern . 
  why would we have begged for help ? 
  poland is certainly moving in that direction . 
  it 's not like they need a collective name anyway . 
  they 're two clearly separate islands . 
  it 's a bit like insisting corsica and sardinia need to be known by one name and it needs to be something like `` the french mediteranean isles '' . 
  uhm , no ? 
  do you think geographers came there and named the land before settlers came ? 
  britain goes back to roman * britannia * which did n't include ireland . 
  that would be * hibernia * . 
  that 's my whole point . 
  it 's ridiculous arguing with early medieval history as evidence and i say that as someone who studies early medieval history for a living . 
  huh ? 
  who says that ? 
  huh ? 
  who says that ? 
  how so ? 
  i think it would . 
  pegida people would be happy to vote for the piss party . 
  original settlers ? 
  one of many groups of people settling there over the millennia ? 
  yes . 
  [ and these are the areas settled by germans in the first 8 centuries ad ] ( http://www.antikefan.de/kulturen/germanen/bilder/germanien_staemme_800.jpg ) . 
  it 's a ridiculous argument to go that far back . 
  it 's ironic in a city founded by and known for both its artists and its bankers ... 
  we ca n't let it be . 
  we ca n't afford to let a dictatorship ( or two ) grow inside the eu . 
  so it 's really the electric drive that generates the savings , right ? 
  considering what a cargo ship costs to run i doubt that the crew 's wages put a large dent into the budget . 
  well i guess it 's about perception , not hard facts . 
  it 's amazing , is n't it ? 
  yeah ... no . 
  what does that even mean in this context ? 
  why are the racists almost always `` mras '' as well ? 
  you mean your strawman version of germany needs to get its shit together . 
  so i 'm saying to not do it , are n't i ? 
   drag them back to shore and sink 'em . 
  it was n't me who suggested it ... 
  yeah , getting killed in street battles is `` bitching about how mean the nazis are '' ... 
  only in some threads though . 
  refugee threads are still brigaded by nazis but the rest are ok by and large . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i also believe that could be handled better yet i do n't cry about white genocide, 
  ok , if that is true and they support actual neo nazis it 's time to throw them out of the eu . 
  but it 's a chartered ship . 
  sinking it would only impact the shipowner and not the asshole identitarians . 
  i kinda want you to meet horst seehofer . 
  that comment could have been shorter by just saying `` i consider my twisted view on refugees the most important topic in the world '', 
  white wine and superior beer i hope you mean . 
  plus how would seeing it more often magically make you aware of the l\u00fctzowschen reiter and the hambacher fest and 1848 revolution ? 
  your handling of idiots is admirable . 
  well it was n't a * good * joke anyway even if you know ab ... 
  south africa are losing a great batsman it seems . 
  no , the uk is n't . 
  the city of london is . 
  a series of ( mostly classical ) concerts in england . 
  the last night of the proms is usually reserved for patriotic marches and songs and accompanied by a lot of literal and figurative flag waving . 
  it 's great fun as long as it is n't taken too seriously as it is by / u/ayenotes in this thread unfortunately . 
  well that 's short-sighted of you . 
  their music would certainly be branded * entartet * . 
  ah , the old ... etc. . . 
  does 100-95 equal 59 in your world ? 
  i 'm just waiting for them to admit that they mixed up the proms with their last night ( which this was n't ) . 
  not to mention that the last night of the proms would be the perfect place to wear an eu pin . 
  it 's about patriotism after all . 
  weasel words . 
  as you even noted yourself '' * a * leading role '' is not the same as '' * the * leading role '' . 
  i 'm still waiting for that proof . 
  yes ? 
  and ? 
  and why does that make him an idiot ? 
  so you 're saying you ca n't produce such a statement then . 
  noted . 
   95 % of people wo n't be aware of it i 'm certain that in germany at least that percentage is the other way round . 
  the campaign was n't inept , the government is now and was during the campaign . 
  and during the campaign the government was remain . 
   hope you can recover some of your national unity and not fall into extremely divisive politics like the us . 
  that wo n't happen as long as fptp exists and the media does n't have some sort of oversight . 
  show me one single quote by a german politician saying germany should lead europe . 
  one . 
  ( excluding afd politicians . 
  of course the nazis want to lead ), 
  i do n't know who thinks he was supported here . 
  i still remember the doom and gloom articles in the german press about an islamist being elected in secular turkey . 
  turns out he is n't an islamist but the fears were still valid . 
  it shows that they still have n't grasped the enormity of the problem . 
  yeah . 
  easyjet have just started a new airline in austria to get around this . 
  it 's not like this is n't a serious issue . 
  obviously companies are moving to mitigate the impact . 
   it 's not our fault the eu does n't properly define the exit procedure it literally is . 
  article 50 was drafted by a brit .
