  any of the literally dozens of nationalist and reactionary parties of the weimar republic ? 
  and in both of those examples germany has stood against the tide . 
  i do n't want to construct any sort of moral leadership ( or worse a leadership obligation ) out of that , i just want to highlight that `` the west '' is explicitly not america and buddies . 
  i think getting our news narratives in english ( and from british or american sources and therefore point of view ) more often than not these days we tend to forget that the anglozone is not synonymous with `` the west '' , even when our own countries are outside that linguistic community . 
  uhm , your link does n't show siggi calling the orange utan a fascist . 
  just a nationalist . 
  fair enough i guess ? 
  i literally saw such an advert recently . 
  in germany . 
  i 've also seen job adverts for public sector jobs that say men will be preferred under equality laws . 
  fact is : these laws are equality laws so this :  because if you have a man and an equally qualified woman you have to choose her . 
  just is n't correct . 
  [ so is caithness 's tbf ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/caithness#/media/file%3aflag_of_caithness.svg ) . 
   have always supported any patriotic american and if they 're not patriotic ? 
  apparently there are historians now that believe in cyclical history ? 
  that is simply not true . 
  it has been floated by opposition parties in some countries but i 'm not aware of one government that has committed to such a scheme . 
  well tbf they said that they set the target , not that the missiles then actually go in the general direction of that target ... 
  i mean , that ca n't be a coincidence , can it ? 
  edit : [ it is n't ] ( http://archive.is/edl9i ) . 
  it seems that particular america first logo was designed by britain first for their american propaganda purposes . 
  makes it almost worse that trump uses the slogan of a foreign far right party , does n't it ? 
  or pisses off the intelligence community even more ... 
  and more importantly : has she stolen that phrase from the afd ? 
  around 70 years/3 generations/1 lifetime apparently , judging by recent events . 
  the kind of reader that needs to be told by the shitrag they read what and who they should be angry about ... 
  to be fair to the express ( oh god , have i really just said that ? ), 
  [ the bbc reported something pretty similar ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-38694465 ) before the meeting when the leavers were still optimistic . 
  probably based on the same press release as the express , just in actual english and not angry shouts . 
   but the brexit crowd assume the eu is mostly run by france and germany . 
  and above you were saying we should n't call them ignorant ... 
   people felt the european union was too lenient during the refugee crisis wtf ? 
  is that the same eu that shattered any german plans at redistribution of refugees ? 
  yeah , there are enough newspaper articles portraying our politicians as nazis , do n't need more of that ... 
  well it 's a pretty shit capital . 
  fourth , many of those `` british '' car manufacturering plants in the uk are owned by german companies . 
  if by some miracle they manage to turn it around and have a thriving trade with the rest of the world german companies will profit anyway . 
  are you saying only 0.01 % of people speak latin ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  it depends on the time of day and the topic . 
  some threads are overwhelmingly pro-brexit , others are the opposite . 
  i groan instead . 
  we invented the word liberal and it already has a meaning . 
  a completely different one from the way americans use it . 
  same with `` socialist '' . 
  and invite some swedish princes to rule it ? 
  i firmly believe that that difference in attitude towards negotiation comes from having an fptp parliamentary system for centuries vs. a proportional one . 
  which is also why they do n't understand the eu parliament and think it 's `` undemocratic '' just because compromise is the name of the game there and not winner-takes-it-all . 
  it 's not the leaving * per se * that i object to ( although i think it 's a huge mistake ) but how the campaigns were run and the clear scapegoating of the eu that both politicians and the media engaged in . 
  that would be sad , would n't it ? 
  i 'd rather think you deserved that love all along and some of you have only recently gone a bit crazy . 
  and may wants to leave both . 
  more like telling a restaurant you 're a vegan and then telling them they 're being vindictive because they have n't offered you steak ... 
   re human rights : these will be protected by uk law either by ( 1 ) incorporating the echr into uk law , or ( 2 ) drawing a codified british constitution , as was proposed in 2008 ( by the tories , i believe ) . 
  yeah but why go to the trouble if you 're not anti-european ? 
  that choose to opt out bullshit would have worked 50 years ago when not everyone on the continent could read your newspapers and campaign materials . 
  now we can and we know how the eu was smeared and vilified , how we were . 
  this is n't a friendly opt out , it 's leavers foaming at the mouth and callling us names . 
  wh ... what ? 
  i was speaking from the continental perspective . 
  but there was no dislike before the referendum campaigns ... 
   that it was n't just the jews who were killed , but also heroic people standing up for humanity . 
  uhm , you might want to rephrase that , unless you meant to say that jews could n't heroically stand up for humanity that is ... 
  brits saying that waterloo was wellington 's victory ( when , you know , he would have lost without bl\u00fccher and vice-versa ) is one of my pet peeves . 
  nuh , he 's very intelligent and has a great education . 
  he does n't believe in most of what he says . 
  not taht that makes what he says any better ... 
  and in germany there were hundreds and hundreds of clashes in the streets , including pitched battles between the sa and communists . 
  those were also working class people . 
  that 's exactly my point , though : i 'm not trying to say germany is n't guilty in this but saying others are n't exactly as susceptible is not only historically wrong , it 's incredibly dangerous because early warning signs are being ignored . 
  i see no plaque on the holocaust memorial that says `` current germans are to blame for this '' . 
  and the 30 years ' war . 
  pretty much every town around me was either completely destroyed by swedes or has a story how it miraculously avoided that fate . 
  [ there are torture methods named after the swedes that everyone in germany knows . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwedentrunk ), 
  i have no problem with id * per se * ( i carry mine all the time as well , although i technically do n't have to . ), 
  it 's the fact that it 's only foreigners and that nordics are exempt that irks me . 
  i 'd be fine if they said icelanders are exempt but picking nordics as an arbitrary group ? 
  besides , how do swedes prove they 're swedes and not germans if they do n't have to carry id ? 
  but that 's not really my point anyway , it 's just that there 's a tendency online to see iceland as some sort of utopia that irks me somewhat . 
  it 's a great country but ( like any country ) it 's not perfect . 
  yeah but it 's weird that she 's being celebrated as if she 'd already gotten those things , not just asked for them . 
  iceland has just voted the people that caused the financial crisis back into office and has introduced a law that requires all foreigners to carry id all the time and that allows the police to check them without a warrant ( including their homes ) , except if they 're nordic . 
  sorry , but they 're not exactly a utopia . 
  good place to do business ( and have servers i guess ) but boring place to live . 
   in the manner of some world war two movie i mean , i guess you 're * technically * correct ... 
  this is why trump won !, 
   the thing is , we are quite different to mainland europe . 
  thats what happens when you live on an island . 
  i hear this a lot but i do n't see how the differences between britain and germany are bigger than those between sweden and italy , and yet they get along just fine . 
   who wants to cosy up to the rest of the continent when they were so susceptible to fascism . 
  now you 're just trying to get a rise out of us , you ca n't seriously suggest that there 's something inherent about a national character that makes people susceptible to fascism and not the economic situation . 
  if the uk had lost ww1 it would have been just as susceptible to it . 
  `` hooray for the black shirts '' and all that . 
  [ a reference to an old american anti-drug commercial ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ub_a2t0zfts ) . 
  basically op 's saying radical nationalism is a bit shit . 
  you 're everything that 's wrong with internet discussion of politics . 
  you took this from [ footnote 35 of her english-language wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angela_merkel#cite_note-langguth112-36 ) , formatting and all . 
  stop being disingenuous . 
   langguth , gerd ( august 2005 ) [ 2005 ] .
