  as i said : nobody wants it yet the government does it anyway . 
  it would be satisfying to see them stopped by the eu . 
  unfortunately that is n't going to happen . 
  while we 're apparently getting the money back via taxes i 'm sure they will raise taxes at the earliest convenicence , making this a hidden and unnecessary tax hike . 
  tabloidian, 
  modern vienna is where carnuntum is on the map . 
  yes !, 
  save us from ourselves austria !, 
  or from dobrindt . 
  yeah but then you have liquid measurements in litres or quarts in there and suddenly the whole proportion thing does n't work anymore . . 
  i see that a lot in american recipes and it defeats the whole purpose of the system . 
  funnily enough when i go to the butcher 's i will still often ask for a pound of mince ( or whatever ) . 
  however `` a pound '' is universally understood to be shorthand for half a kilo and it 's also ** only ** used at the butcher 's counter . 
  we 've been using the metric system since 1872 . 
  these things die hard . 
  ironically it is those that were the bad guys for brexiters that are most like them . 
  you have incredible patience . 
  thank you . 
  you do n't even see how condescending you were towards me , do you ? 
   his uk trip has been postponed and may be completely cancelled . 
  really ? 
  i had n't heard about that !, 
  that 's fantastic news !, 
  i 'm not the one talking down condescendingly to others . 
  at least when i say i think you 're a moron i mean it . 
   an ancient civilization with living breathing people still here in 2017 like literally every single country in the old world and quite a few in the new one . 
  so congratulations , i guess ? 
   hoping to avoid the fate of our near neighbors at the hands of your beloved political establishment . 
  yeah , fuck you , too . 
  hp baxxter is an artist not a sellout !, 
  yeah , the real law enforcement wishlist is almost certainly  - more officers  - better equipment the rest is just may 's authoritarian tendencies . 
  what [ of this ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2017/05/jeremy-corbyn-speech-terrorism-and-foreign-policy-full-text ) sounds unreasonable to you ? 
   you deserve to know what a labour government will do to keep you and your family safe . 
  our approach will involve change at home and change abroad . 
   at home , we will reverse the cuts to our emergency services and police . 
  once again in manchester , they have proved to be the best of us . 
  austerity has to stop at the a&e ward and at the police station door . 
  we can not be protected and cared for on the cheap . 
  there will be more police on the streets under a labour government . 
  and if the security services need more resources to keep track of those who wish to murder and maim , then they should get them . 
   we will also change what we do abroad . 
  many experts , including professionals in our intelligence and security services have pointed to the connections between wars our government has supported or fought in other countries , such as libya , and terrorism here at home . 
   that assessment in no way reduces the guilt of those who attack our children . 
  those terrorists will forever be reviled and implacably held to account for their actions . 
   but an informed understanding of the causes of terrorism is an essential part of an effective response that will protect the security of our people , that fights rather than fuels terrorism . 
   protecting this country requires us to be both strong against terrorism and strong against the causes of terrorism . 
  the blame is with the terrorists , but if we are to protect our people we must be honest about what threatens our security . 
   those causes certainly can not be reduced to foreign policy decisions alone . 
  over the past fifteen years or so , a sub-culture of often suicidal violence has developed amongst a tiny minority of , mainly young , men , falsely drawing authority from islamic beliefs and often nurtured in a prison system in urgent need of resources and reform . 
  and no rationale based on the actions of any government can remotely excuse , or even adequately explain , outrages like this week 's massacre . 
  but we must be brave enough to admit the war on terror is simply not working . 
  we need a smarter way to reduce the threat from countries that nurture terrorists and generate terrorism . 
   that 's why i set out labour 's approach to foreign policy earlier this month . 
  it is focused on strengthening our national security in an increasingly dangerous world . 
   we must support our armed services , foreign office and international development professionals , engaging with the world in a way that reduces conflict and builds peace and security . 
  only in the anglo-saxon world so far, 
  it 's not a presidential system . 
  he alone wo n't make that decision and his party does n't approve . 
  oh , it 's not gathering dust . 
  may has been lovingly caressing it every night since she 's become home secretary . 
   people can march down the street telling you how british democracy should be overthrown and controlled by a violent theocratic caliphate that subjugates anyone who is n't a muslim male , and there 's nothing that can be done . 
  even if they 're not even citizens . 
  so in germany they could go to prison for incitement for that . 
  yet we are signed up to the declaration of human rights and the echr . 
  so how can human rights be the problem in this case ? 
  so did the brits . 
  ever heard of the ira ? 
  but that 's not open borders . 
   `` trump would have to be taught what trade means first , '' one eu diplomat said . 
   humane solution -  australia you ca n't be fucking serious . 
  in case you really do n't know ( which i doubt ) : * end solution * is the literal translation of * endl\u00f6sung * , the term the nazis coined for the holocaust . 
  it was may all along . 
  she was home secretary under cameron after all . 
  look at the language they 're using . 
   end solution yeah , they 're a neo nazi . 
  this whole thread is full of them . 
  damn , you 've outpedanted me !, 
  i 'll go hand in my citizenship . 
   it 's a realisation i came to recently at a dinner party attended by the turkish ambassador to germany . 
  the most german of traits , he said , is this need to correct people , no matter how trivial the point . 
  you 're wrong . 
  it 's not the most german of traits , only one of many german traits . 
  they did vote to go back to the 70s when it comes to their economy and international relations after all ... 
   everyone hates the ~ ~ uk ~ ~ tories ftfy, 
  which is exactly what cory criticises : vague technology-illiterate language that 'll never work . 
   it 's impossible to overstate how bonkers the idea of sabotaging cryptography is to people who understand information security . 
  so what is your problem with it ? 
   but i wo n't take it seriously until it has two flamethrowers and a lasgun . 
  just like a real priest !, 
  can a pope even be killed with human weapons ? 
  not just swiss german . 
  we say ade here in franconia as well ( and in large parts of southern germany i would think ) and ciao is used all over the country . 
  yeah we do because you 're right : all too often the titles/translations are horrible . 
  thanks, 
   last time i was in it 's telling that you use terminology that is usually reserved for prison ... 
  how ? 
  i have no cern account, 
  `` larger hadron collider '' that scales more nicely . 
  then the next one and all following ones can be called the `` even larger hadron collider '', 
  it 's a reference to [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/06/04/absurd-scandalous-new-york-times-criticised-saying-uk-reeling/ ),
