  an amazing thing i 've learned over the course of the last few months is that * populism * is not a dirty word in the english language . 
  and i 'm not being facetious : realising this was an eye-opener for me . 
  in german ( and i presume in the languages of other countries that have seen a democratically elected government turn into a horrible regime ) it 's almost as bad a word as fascism . 
  when we call trump or farage a populist we mean * a dangerous pied piper * . 
  i think this difference in definition is at the root of some cultural misunderstandings in this subreddit and beyond . 
  i 'd consider it conservative in the original sense of the word . 
  not crazy `` conservative '' like the republican party but concerned with not rocking the boat both on social and economic issues . 
  indeed . 
  and in a few decades ' time the german economy is going to fail because of this current lack of investment into the future . 
  i think traditionally one would think of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg when it comes to that . 
  breaking news : president trump has launched a nuclear attack against bhutan because a local blogger has said his hands are small . 
   similarly , germany 's industry is heavily concentrated in southern germany - particularity baravia . 
  [ southern and western . 
  and baw\u00fc more than bavaria . 
  wow, 
  that colour scheme is horrible . 
  so counterintuitive . 
  similar sense of entitlement and loud-mouthiness , too ... 
  look at my flair . 
  my question was what the hell the person wanted to say by posting this . 
  ( also the whole deutschland \u00fcber alles thing was originally a slogan of the '48 revolution and references that people should put the unification of germany over their own petty interests ), 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  i honestly think of cem \u00d6zdemir as a swabian . 
  i think you 're right in general but there are nuances to it . 
  edit : having thought about who else i think of as german first and having come up with django as\u00fcl i see a common thread there : local dialect . 
  it 's interesting that apparently in my mind 's at least those that speak their local language are a lot more integrated . 
   ( detroit used to have a serious arson/vandalism problem on october 30 , known as `` devil 's night . '' ), 
  huh , i wonder whether they got that from germany . 
  but it should be [ the 30th of april that 's earmarked for mindless vandalism . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/walpurgis_night ), 
  lots of orange body paint and a dead ferret on your head ? 
  oh , [ a brexiter can ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/59dvgw/uk_most_generous_country_in_europe_with_69_of/d97pcc2/ ) . 
  cognitive dissonance and jingoism will do that . 
   invitation does n't mean only when someone clearly says , , i invite you '' . 
  that 's exactly what it means !, 
  show me a quote by a german official that invites people . 
  come on , show me . 
  vote leave literally camapigned on opening up britain more for the global business community by levelling the playing field respective to the eu . 
   they invited everyone to europe , not us . 
  nobody invited anyone . 
  a cultural misunderstanding is definitely a part of all this . 
  not just of the respective reactions to brexit but also of the reasons for the referendum in the first place . 
  the main cultural difference being the british political system being anatagonistic vs. consensus-based which has led to them never really `` getting '' how the eu works . 
  if you had listened to the radio piece you 'd know that they 're talking about it in the sense of * konsequent sein * , which is very much about consistency . 
  pretty sure there are more vegans in the pirates than the greens . 
  or was that your point ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  it 's not subjective , it 's defined by german law . 
  * has uk flair * uses the word `` liberal '' like an american, 
  you should start a thread on that and track which accent is most attractive to which nationality ... 
   so when you say `` brexiters are stupid fucking racist idiots '' have i ? 
  this sub hates brexiters , not brits . 
  that 's not freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement is freedom to live and work in a member country . 
  this confusion of terms is exactly why this decision should n't have been made by an uniinformed public . 
  lucky for you the same is true of an irish accent . 
  i do n't think anyone is a sucker for a german one , unfortunately . 
  and some , i believe , are good people . 
  top notch trolling . 
  i think that 's how most of europe felt . 
  but for some reason many brits think we hate them . 
  i do n't quite know why . 
  so just like all the eastern european construction workers who were the centre of the referendum debate ? 
   ( which would be ever so convenient for the eu now would n't it ) ... what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  actually , do n't answer , it 's never a good idea to debate conspiracy theorists . 
  it is desperate . 
  i would be too if i were poised to lose my freedom of movement . 
  they have every right to be desperate . 
  reasonable debate :  uk most generous country in europe with 69 % of britons donating money to charity third top-level comment :  our country gives more in charity than any other country in europe . 
  ** uk citizens are more open to refugees than any other country in europe . 
  **  [ ... ]  lefties that despise the people here because they disagree with their politics are petulant and should probably just leave themselves . 
  you ca n't make that shit up ... 
  i see that meme is spreading here too , now . 
  they 're both equally biased , just because you agree with one side does n't mean it 's less biased !, 
  foreigners and the eu will never be completely out of the picture . 
  the excuse will be that the eu screwed them over in the brexit negotiations . 
  and william the conqueror had a legitimate claim to the throne . 
  i 'd say it 's both . 
  those identities are n't conflicting . 
  i honestly do n't know but it 's definitely the case that the media here in germany is less ( openly ) biased . 
  the newspapers and tabloids especially . 
   we have n't been successfully invaded since 1066 which you achieved by renaming the last invasion the glorious revolution ... 
  oh shit , should n't have trusted op 's title . 
  if it 's about contribution to culture snorri is absolutely without a doubt more important , even if most people wo n't even know that it 's thanks to him that we know many of the stories they think of when they think norse mythology . 
  not an agatha christie fan ? 
  they do have trident ... 
  i ` lk never understand how free movement is seen as a negative in the uk . 
  for me that and schengen are the main positives , the greatest achievement of the eu . 
  was kafka czech or german in your opinion , / u/adeepkafkaesquestare ? 
   charlemagne with france that is so weird . 
  germans tend to see him as german , the french as french . 
  that 's all fair enough . 
  what 's weird is that the english-speaking countries tend to side with france on that one as far as i can gather . 
  must be that the french name is used in english . 
  yeah but come on . 
  i 'm a scandinavian medievalist but even i would admit that worldwide maybe a tenth of people who know bj\u00f6rk also know snorri . 
  he 's really only well known in the nordic countries . 
  he was tremendously important for our understanding of scandinavian mythology , poetry and some of norway 's early history but this map is about international notoriety , not importance . 
   and he 's probably the main reason we have all the viking saga 's that would be \u00c1rni magnusson , really . 
  snorri is the main reason we know more than the very basics about scandinavian mythology and poetry , though .
