  well that 's a good start !, 
  just remember not to read up on it in publications that are biased in one direction . 
  wikipedia is probably a good start and if you get a source from the telegraph follow it up with one from the guardian , etc. 
  ideally irish newspapers will give you the best inside look but you might have to ask around the irish subs to get an idea about the traditional biases of those just to know how to read their analysis . 
  yeah but i also knew about the lisbon referendum of ireland before and that they were happy with the second draft . 
  you antipathy to the eu is based on misremembered talking points . 
  does n't that make you doubt a bit ? 
  well are n't you an informed master debater . 
  yay , you !, 
  i 'm also pretty sure that direct state subsidies like that are against the very wto rules they 're betting on ... 
  not where i live . 
  yeah , i guess you 're right , the timelines do n't match up . 
  but then is there anyone who could successfully take the job ? 
  and i mean actually taking labour back to electoral success , not just managed decline ? 
  but that 's almost exactly the position schulz was in : outside of national politics but still in the public eye being succesful in another political arena . 
  i think it might work . 
  having been mayor of london has n't hurt boris either . 
  nor livingston actually . 
  he went down for other reasons . 
  you have obviously only ever been in northern germany . 
  if it had been run in an ethical way absolutely . 
  of course leave would have lost massively in that case . 
   it 's not just the uk , eastern european immigration is very unpopular in most of western europe . 
  it is n't all justified but mass immigration simply is n't something that works especially with significantly different cultures . 
  it 's bad for the infrastructure , housing , people feel alienated ( even though it 's sometimes unfair ) . 
  also people from those countries have higher unemployment and crime rates . 
  yeah that seems about right ... for the early nineties . 
  i seriously ca n't rember when i 've last heard someone complain about eastern europeans here in germany . 
  yeh , i 'm sure watergate was made up because woodward and bernstein refused to identify deep throat ... 
  have you not read dracula ? 
  the vampires emigrate as well !, 
  he should take a leaf out of gabriel 's book . 
  stepping down as an unpopular leader can revitalise a party to an astonishing degree . 
  though i guess there is no schulz waiting in the wings to replace him . 
  let me guess : they 're primarily northern germans ? 
  oh god , i only just realised that * kebab * and * \u010devab\u010di\u010di * have the same root word !, 
  why was n't that immediately obvious to me ? 
  fair enough . 
  i just do n't want anyone walking away from this thread thinking we actually use such weird terms . 
   my definition of a problem would be : underground terrorist activity that poses a threat to regional stability give / u/gileshenderson their 100 $ already !, 
  never heard that once in the 30-odd years i have lived in germany . 
  are you sure it is n't just a bit of austrian casual racism , like piefke ? 
  we were talking about the third of the uk population that voted remain , were n't we ? 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  and yet almost daily i see brexiters claiming ireland should simply follow the uk out of the eu to resolve the border issues . 
  the more deluded ones even think that would be popular in ireland . 
  yeah , catastrophe is the better word . 
  st least a tragedy has some heroic pathos . 
  i think your outside perspective is pretty spot on . 
  it 's not over yet . 
  we must n't let our guard down . 
  it 's optional in the original latin , too . 
  * homo homini lupus * would totally work . 
  beef sells well . 
  they 're only skewed to one end of the american political balance . 
  they 're made in germany for a german audience though and attack people on both sides of our balance . 
  it 's not our fault that the yanks have moved the overton window so much to the right it 's in danger of falling off the building . 
  i 'd say it 's equal parts political mockery and drunkenness . 
  potato potahto, 
  exactly . 
  same in germany . 
   profound skepticism towards rightwing authoritarianism caused by recent memory of franco 's regime . 
  that factor really should n't be underestimated . 
  it 's no coincidence that in other countries these ideas take hold again just as the last people are dying who were adults under them before . 
   yeah , but none of those you mentioned ever made a cross oceanic voyage neither did scandinavian ships at the time . 
  island hopping from greenland to newfoundland is not the same as a manila galleon . 
  why are n't you happy to just say they were good and great for their specific use case ? 
  why does everything have to be `` the best '' ? 
  i just do n't understand this fetishisation of `` vikings '' , and i study them professionally . 
  dragged , not carried . 
  good name , though . 
  good name . 
   what makes it most advanced and powerful at that time ? 
  they were n't . 
  at the same time the byzantines were building galleys that were actually capable of ship-to-ship combat and song dynasty china had ships with magnetic compasses , watertight compartments and even paddle-wheels . 
  scandinavian ships just happened to be good at a very specific job : fast coastal travel for an armed warband combined with shallow draft that allowed river travel . 
  they are beautiful pieces of craftsmanship but saying they were `` the best '' is just idiotic . 
  but if i delete my account ( i ca n't delete facebook as you suggest ) the gullible and their manipulators will only have a larger percentage of it to play with . 
  i can tell from the title alone that op is american . 
   although i do n't trust the government enough to believe it wasnt doing the same i think if they had they would n't have come across as quite so incompetent ... 
  because the wreck they reconstructed it from , skuldelev 2 , was built in the environs of dublin around 1050 ( and sunk in the ( danish ) roskilde fjord ) . 
  with glendalough being an important monastery at the time close to dublin the name is a nod to its origins . 
  it 's a monitor !, 
  nope , the viking ship museum in roskilde , denmark . 
  i 'm not danish but in the spirit of european cooperation ( and because i 'm a viking age scholar and thus feel a certain ownership over these reconstructions as well ) i thought this new feature needed a scandinavian longship . 
  note that i did n't say `` viking '' as this ship in particular dates more to the establishment of kingship and states , it 's a warship more than a raiding vessel . 
  there is no war , that 's my whole point . 
  in case you really do n't know what [ we 're talking about ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stab-in-the-back_myth ) . 
  i 'm saying comparing it to that is idiotic . 
  that does n't make any sense in this context . 
  it 's not like i 'm saying the eu lost a war because britain stabbed us in the back . 
  then you 're really misunderstanding how the rest of europe feels about the eu i 'm afraid . 
  but they 're commitments . 
  they 'll have to pay whether they revert to wto rules or not . 
  there is no outcome of this where the uk is n't bound by international law to pay . 
  you forget that they have their own electorates to answer to and it does n't play well to be seen bowing down to an obnoxious loud-mouthed nationalist . 
  because with china we know what we get . 
  we entered into our relationship with a certain amount of distrust and weariness . 
  the us on the other hand was supposed to be our friend and ally . 
  it 's the same with the uk saying `` why ca n't we be treated like any non-eu country ? '',
