  i worry about the damage that will be done in the meantime . 
  i really hope you 're right and may is some sort of machiavellian mastermind . 
  but from where i stand it looks like she has painted herself into a corner with her rhetoric and will have to leave the single market . 
  `` but let me be clear , we are not leaving the european union only to give up control of immigration again and we are not leaving only to return to the jurisdiction of the european court of justice '' . 
  she has committed herself to a course with that and i do n't see how she 's going to get out of that if she wants to reatain single market access . 
  uhm , the remain campaign does n't exist anymore , mate . 
  if you wanted to say it did nothing else then you 're wrong . 
  they also warned people what a colossal mistake this would be . 
  and you 're going to see their words come true soon , do n't worry . 
  as long as you avoid any thread about migration and stories like this / r/europe is fine , still . 
  but anything that touches the alt right 's favourite topic gets brigaded instantly . 
  brexit threads can get a bit heated as well but at least it 's europeans and regular users on both sides . 
  but there are still threads ( like the native language thread recently ) that are great fun and represent the best the sub and europe can be . 
   may warned that the public had backed brexit with `` emphatic clarity '' . 
   `` so now it is up to the government not to question , quibble or backslide on what we have been instructed to do , but to get on with the job , '' i think she 's actually terrified of violence on the street if she does n't give in . 
  this is fascinating and scary . 
  `` leaver insults person on the internet for no other reason than that they disagree . 
  has nothing to add to discussion . '', 
  but it 's not johnny foreigner making the rules !, 
  oh wait , i think i 'll go with conspireucy !, 
  is that a better name than euspiracy ? 
  con ( tinental ) spiracy looks nice on a letterhead but is hard to say menacingly . 
  yeah , i think that 's it . 
  what better way to honour your national heroes than hammy acting and chocolate , right ? 
  do n't you have those short tv clips that serve the function history classes have in other countries ? 
   the top post on this thread is someone who denies this objective and how far along it 's got . 
  the poster has either bought into the lies or is a knowing part of the conspiracy . 
  they mock the idea that britain will become a sovereign independent country again after brexit when that is clearly going to be the case . 
  i presume you 're talking about me ? 
  i can assure you that while i would absolutely love to be paid by the eu as a social media consultant i am currently not . 
  nor am i part of any shadowy conspiracy as far as i know . 
  though i 've always thought the atomium in brussels would make for a good headquarters for an evil organisation so maybe start looking there ? 
  i mean [ look at it ] ( http://static.thousandwonders.net/atomium.original.7181.jpg ) it [ screams world domination ] ( http://atomium.be/getthumb.ashx?img=~%2fapp_data%2fimg%2fuser%2fadmin%2ftodayin%2fatomium-todayin-478.jpg&amp;w=800&amp;maxh=800&amp;shrink=only ) !, 
  as for invasion barges i bet they 're being built in the netherlands or northern germany . 
  a true riddle of the sands !, 
  have you considered we might have moles , too ? 
  i hear nigel farage 's in brussels quite often and gets paid in euros . 
  and he did his best to discredit the leave campaign as a bunch of fringe almost-racists . 
  i 'd look into that if i were you !, 
  oh and that airship that crashed in bedfordshire , are you sure it was n't a zeppelin sent by the euspiracy ? 
  interestingly enough i only ever see english native speakers make this mistake . 
  having grown up with dubs rendering it as * h\u00f6rt , h\u00f6rt * ( hear , hear ) there was never a danger of mishearing it . 
  then you really should have voted out , mate . 
  this is exactly the rhetoric i mean . 
  i 'm disappointed may caters to people like you rather than the vast majority of moderates . 
   saying that the uk is occupied by a foreign military force is obviously not a statement of fact . 
  yeah but i never said that . 
  what i did say was  the problem i have with her rhetoric is that she ** makes the eu sound like ** an occupying foreign force rather than a union of allies . 
  and that is absolutely what it sounds like when you use words like `` independence '' and `` sovereignty '' . 
  it 's dog-whistle speech speaking directly to the hardcore wing of the leavers . 
  as i said above  the problem i have with her rhetoric is that she makes the eu sound like an occupying foreign force rather than a union of allies . 
  and saying these things is not a statement of fact . 
  exactly . 
  she should challenge that rhetoric instead of adopting it . 
  but of course that would mean admitting she and her party ( as well as labour and the lib dems ) have been using this excuse instead of facing up to their own failings . 
  basically she would have to say `` we 've been lying to you . 
  your life is shit because of us , not the eu '' . 
  that no politician is ever going to do this is the reason the remain campaign failed and it 's the reason i currently see a hard brexit as inevitable . 
  oh yeah that was bound to happen.the problem i have with her rhetoric is that she makes the eu sound like an occupying foreign force rather than a union of allies . 
  she has basically retorically given in to the most hardcore fringe of the leave campaign . 
  ukip and such ; those that actually think evil foreigners are trying to bring down britain for ... reasons . 
   this marks the first stage in the uk becoming a sovereign and independent country once again . 
  it will return power and authority to the elected institutions of our country . 
  it means that the authority of eu law in britain will end . 
  i hate her rhetoric on that . 
  and this from a ( supposed ) remainer . 
   the eu destroyed their livelihoods wrong . 
  like in so many cases with brexit it 's not that easy . 
  they think the eu destroyed their livelihoods . 
  in fact it was their own goverment who then went on to blame the eu . 
  the fucking bundeswehr ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  if anything the french would control it . 
  as seen in the first hours of the new iraq war ... 
  why ? 
  well he was the son of a french officer and a black haitian . 
  but , whatever ... 
  he was french and black . 
  somehow i doubt the brexiteers are huge fans ... 
  oh , i 'm very aware of that . 
  but almost nobody is ? 
  in germany even the afd is n't !, 
  i 'd say the percentage of germans who 're ideologically opposed to the eu is probably 5 at most . 
  yes , op would by definition , of course . 
  see my edit . 
  the report says that the reason for that is because the uk voted for ukip meps and the tories left the epp . 
  as usual the express spins the most negative picture out of that information . 
  did . . did you just link the daily express as a source ?? 
  ( from the report that is based on :  the uk has diminished its influence in the european parliament in recent years , as a result of selfdistancing of some of its own party delegations from the eu 's mainstream political families , as well as due to the results of the latest eu elections in the uk ; \u2022 nevertheless , uk meps have captured many powerful agenda-setting positions , such as rapporteurships of key eu legislation and ep committee chairmanships ), 
  ^ this is what brexiters actually believe !, 
  apparently the three brexiteers have n't gotten it yet . 
  they 're losing goodwill by the hour . 
  and boris is working actively on increasing the rate . 
   and if i was french or german , i would too why ? 
  not because of their bundespolitik that 's for sure !, 
  i have n't yet met anyone who thinks the maut is a good idea and even the br ( rundschau and others ) are quite critical of it and dobrindt . 
  in this case i do n't think csu voters are going to blame the eu or anyone but dobrindt . 
  but maybe i 'm too optimistic ... 
  i think you 're underestimating them . 
  they watch the tagesschau , too , you know .
