  they came as occupiers and they had the right to stay there afterwards . 
  since the bases are already there and paid for they 'd be stupid to give up a strategic position in the middle of europe , so close to the middle east . 
  especially since our government subsidises them by providing soldiers for base protection and paying planning costs for new buildings . 
  we literally spend less on healthcare per capita then the us and still manage to have it free at point if service . 
  rammstein afb in germany is the main staging ground for the iraq war . 
  africom in stuttgart is where the african drone war is being coordinated . 
  do you really think the us has these bases out of charity ? 
  they 're there because they provide a huge advantage to american force projection . 
  i ca n't believe you actually believe trump 's meme of america the selfless protector of ungrateful europe . 
  well we have the advantage of 200 years of hindsight not to make the same mistake in crafting out political institutions that the us made . 
  just like the german political system was crafted specifically to keep extremists out of power building on previous experience of such systems failing ( and it has worked so far if we compare afd with fn , pis , fp\u00d6 or ukip ) we can build a system that works . 
  who would you rather like to see at the helm ? 
  he 'll be friendly to big corporations and deregulate . 
  i can see how thwould be cautiously optimistic . 
  no offense , but post-war austria has always been more ready to embrace the right wing than post-war germany . 
  i agree that the afd is a huge problem and we must n't be complacent about it but i do n't see it becoming a real problem for the next two legislaturperioden . 
  the stigma for other parties to work with an actual right wing party is just too big still . 
  and hopefully we 're out the other end of this valley of populism by then . 
  schluckebier is an amazing last name ... 
  make doggerland great again ? 
   [ european here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/capitalismvsocialism/comments/5atiw4/slug/d9jwrmc ) ` nuff said, 
  just for anyone else thinking about commenting : look into this person 's comment history . 
  they 're american and dutch and french whenever it suits their argument . 
  nothing but a troll . 
  it 's not worth answering . 
  this is the last comment i 'm going to make in this thread . 
  the `` seizure of power '' ( machtergreifung ) was the appointment of hitler as chancellor . 
  do n't let the name mislead you . 
   if the greek crisis has taught us anything , it would be that germany tends to see the rest of the eu as a bunch of free-riders , in the same way that we see the european allies as a whole oh you 're just trolling . 
  never mind . 
  this would be a pan-european solution . 
  i think the french and german navies alone would be more than able to do this . 
  so a coalition government is n't a government ? 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
   that ... actually requires having a navy does n't it ? 
  were you under the impression we do n't have one ? 
   because the eu is reneging on it 's visa waiver part of the deal if by the eu reneging you mean turkey failing to meet its obligations ... 
    hitler was voted into power . 
   not realy , check again . 
  what ? 
  yes he was ? 
  and a war with freaking nato would be in russia ' interest ? 
  get off it !, 
  i have now . 
   do i really have to spell this out ? 
   you wanted to dismiss the `` cake '' reference by saying it 's something boris said before he was aware of the political realities of actual brexit . 
  but no , he also said it afterwards . 
  do i really have to spell this out ? 
  you wanted to dismiss the `` cake '' reference by saying it 's something boris said before he was aware of the political realities of actual brexit . 
  but no , he also said it afterwards . 
  it 's not a defense , it just illustrates that you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  just like the boris johnson cake timeline does in the other subthread ... 
   you 're the only one talking about a trade war are you gon na admit that 's not true ? 
  [ it was n't before the referendum ... ] ( https://www.google.de/amp/s/www.thesun.co.uk/news/1889723/boris-johnson-joins-forces-with-liam-foxand-declares-support-for-hard-brexit-which-will-liberate-britain-to-champion-free-trade/amp/?client=ms-android-motorola ), 
   ah that `` us vs. them '' attitude on this sub is prevalent as ever . 
  you 're the only one talking about a trade war are you kidding me ? 
  / r/ukpolitics has had a hard-on for a trade war since before the referendum, 
  why would that matter ? 
  hillary was only the first lady then ... 
  wait , so the fact that the irish got the changes they wanted through a democratic referendum somehow makes the process undemocratic ? 
  so just like the eu then where the concept of * spitzenkandidaten * means just that . 
  ( and pretty much any other democracy as well , btw , not just denmark . ), 
  or eastern europe for that matter ... 
  we 'll never know now . 
  you know that the beans in the story actually turned out to be magic , right ? 
   also his tactic to arm more countries with nukes will bring to a more balanced world and peace will be easier to maintain if syria had had nukes then either assad would have used them against isis or isis would have nukes now . 
  neither is what i would call stability . 
  less dangerous than bush , more dangerous than obama . 
  so , meh . 
  is there any non-anglo media that is for trump ? 
  before the brexit referendum i would have laughed at that . 
  now i 'm just worried you might be right . 
  cameron got a much better deal than anyone had thought he would get . 
  if the british press had n't decided to call it a dodgy deal the uk would still be in europe . 
  i 'm talking about a european tv production on a sub about europe . 
   i mean are germans even taught about the nazis in school ? 
  yeah this guy is a troll . 
   focus on your own country 's problems . 
  what are you doing in this sub ? 
  the swiss ? 
  that 's comrade corbyn according to the bbc style guide !, 
  in isolation it is n't jingoistic . 
  if an mp asks for it in order to celebrate the uk leaving the eu it very much is . 
  and the latter 's the case here . 
  it 's probably still the most humane . 
  [ that 's what the 3d model is for !, 
  turn it to matcap for best visibility . 
  megalithic in this case refers to the time period , not the support material of the artwork . 
  is n't that pretty much what an empire does ? 
  and here i was thinking they were putting it inside [ one of those ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/monument_valley%2c_late_afternoon.jpg ) ... 
  and you 're gon na need this lung capacity once the tories get rid of eu air quality regulation as red tape . 
  are your citizens being killed in our countries like ours are in yours ? 
  well unfortunately for them it 's the european single market they want access to . 
  tbf grandiosa is actually pretty good compared to what you get here in germany for example . 
  especially with all the jarlsberg cheese . 
  that works surprisingly well on pizza . 
  of course it 's still frozen pizza , though ... 
  i 'm gon na take a massive stab in the dark here and guess it 's liam emmery , a forester from the region . 
  we also have a population that grows up as digital natives to a much smaller extent than the rest of the developed world . 
  sooner or later that will eat into our competitiveness as tech-minded people would rather move to places where their skills are appreciated .
