i would n't dare crossing it anyways . 
  that does n't look safe . 
  haha i agree . 
  i know austria is a bit different but ... does anybody really say `` gott im himmel '' ? 
  that sounds like something my grandpa might say , but only might . 
  i have n't actually heard it before . 
  instead , `` oh mein gott '' ( literally `` oh my god '' ) is more fitting . 
  i 'm from austria , and when i went to london i was amazed about the wifi everywhere . 
  here you only really get it at mcdonalds and maybe some cafes , but not out on the streets . 
  well yea . . the article mentions that they put the flag up there overnight , aswell as the paint on the star . 
  the picture is during daytime . 
  interesting reads , thank you . 
  german also has a word for a chronically unlucky person : `` pechvogel '' literally translated `` bad luck bird '' . 
  on the other hand , i have n't heard about the word `` waldeinsamkeit '' before . 
  sounds like somebody just took the word for forest and combined it with loneliness , but it may actually be a used word in some regions . 
  also `` rire dans sa barbe '' is not a word , just a phrase . 
  i do n't even know how your reply has anything to do with the joke . . 
  woooshhhh  to wear a ski mask to limit their possibility of social interraction and isolate them entirely and willfully ? 
  replace ski mask with fedora . 
  our last june was 12 \u00b0 rainy all month . 
  followed by 32 \u00b0 sunny hell on earth for 2 months . 
  so far this summer has been quite nice though . 
  i learnt a bit about the rwandan genocide in school , and it 's not really something the catholics had their hands in , at least not since the early 20th century . 
  it was the result of an ongoing fight between two groups which has been going on for decades and just blew up in the 90 's . 
  and what about the rest of the sentence ? 
  take off the tie and piss them ? 
  rekd, 
  what happened ? 
  i missed it , what happened ? 
  there 's a couple of em around austria already . 
  it 's pretty pointless going without nuclear power at this point for austria , but no politician would ever try to go down that route , it would be political suicide . 
  thanks for the in-depth comment !, 
  ooh . . no problem . 
  i was referring to  full use of the eu 's existing fossil fuels , including coal and shale gas in my comment , not australia . 
  my comment never said australia ... 
  i just have the flair set to austr ( al ) ia because i got relatives there . 
  but yea , they do seem to care less and less about the environment :( they say they move away from coal because it 's such a dirty energy source , instead they ship it to china so it gets burned over there . 
  nice !, 
  i ca n't wait for those, 
  they are great , but very expensive . 
  not many people can spend that much money on a car . 
  i had no clue , actually . 
  does n't surprise me though , as long as it 's anti-eu . . 
  it 's good to hear that the distance increases . 
  for now they are mostly marketed as `` citycars '' here , i guess that will change as we find better storage for electricity ib the future . 
  energy storage in general is a very big issue and i 'm pretty sure there 's a lot of research in that field . 
  a few things : there 's not very many stations to load them up , and it still takes quite long for them to load up . 
  distance is less of a problem but still an issue . 
  my grandma for example lives 300km away , not sure what the range is on these cars but last i heard was around 200km ( ? ) . 
  those are my 2 main concerns with them . 
  yes , if they can reach the target that would be great . 
  also , i 'm eager to see how cars running on electrical power will turn out in the next decades . 
  i doubt it , too . 
  i 'd have to look up the numbers but austria does import much of it 's energy i believe , for example nuclear energy from germany and france , so there 's probably a lot of `` russian '' energy we use aswell . 
  there 's also pipelines going to and theoughaustria from eastern europe/russia . 
  according to wikipedia ( http://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u00d6sterreichische_energiewirtschaft - german mobile link ) we import around two thirds of the energy we use ( in 2010 ) , while importing almost 90 % percent of our oil and gas . 
  it does n't tell much about where the energy comes from , only that 60 % of oil imports come from opec states . 
  and to come to your second question , personally i have n't noticed any pro-russian politicians here , not even in the right-winged sector . 
  our righties mainly pull the patriotism and anti-immigrants card over and over again . 
  i do n't follow them too closely though . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  they are crazy if they think austria will ruin it 's landscape producing the little gas they could get out of the ground . 
  people here are even opposing new electricity lines just because they are ugly ( they rooted for the more expensive underground cable ) . 
  and do n't get me started on coal . 
  nuclear power probably will not have a future here aswell , they actually built a plant here about 50 years ago , but due to a popular vote it never got started up . 
  the recent disaster in japan also did n't help the stigma around it here . 
  yes please ... 
  i have no idea what is going on here . 
  why is austria ( and a few other european countries ) grey ? 
  why did i know this must be fake just from the title ? 
  yea , it 's mainly because i 've got relatives in australia though , 
  ohhh i get it now , 
  number 7 description says `` how australians sees the flag of czechia . '', 
  the names of the countries are in german though , so i 'm pretty sure we got mixed up with australia again ... , 
  that 's a good one . 
  well ... we still do n't use the word pflaume in austria . 
  uhhhmm ... had to look that up . 
  [ actually , gescho\u00df , as in `` erdgescho\u00df '' is written with an \u00df in austria , and with double s in ( southern ) germany . 
  was just the first example of a word that can have a ss or a \u00df and mean two different things . 
  i think for kids we would use ferkel ( piglet ) , 
  it 's not grammatically correct , but people will understand you either way  there 's words that have a double s like `` geschoss '' ( projectile ) and others written with an \u00df like `` gescho\u00df '' ( story of a building ) . 
  only a small difference , but they 're pronounced differently . 
  in general , the double s makes the precedent vowel short , the \u00df makes it long . 
  it 's amazing how big the differences in our language can get . 
  if i travel 300 km west towards the border of switzerland/liechtenstein , i 'm already having trouble understanding the people there . 
  same goes for some isolated villages just about 100km south . 
  i connect the swearword `` schwein '' especially with wifes/gfs that just caught their husband/bf cheating with another girl in movies & amp ; tv shows . 
  quite a few of the words are regional . 
  i 've never in my life heard anyone calling somebody `` lauch '' or `` pflaume '' ( also , in austria we call pflaumen `` zwetschgen '' , also not used as a swear word though ), 
  * schei\u00dfe the \u00df ( scharfes s ) is basically an s , just pronounced with more emphasis . 
  do n't confuse it with a b !, 
  our january has been almost as warm as last june/july , but more sunny . 
  that 's a good description of austria , actually . 
  still interesting to see some other country use the \u00d6 in our countries name !, 
  ah , ca n't see flairs on mobile , 
  you probably never need to know this again , but the correct way to write '' \u00d6 '' if you do n't have it on your keyboard is `` oe '' . 
  same for \u00c4 and \u00dc , ae/ue , 
  the word comes from ostarrichi ( what the region was called back in the 10th century ) . 
  the excact origin of that word is apparently not known though . 
  not sure about austria , something something latin .
