another point is that this is a wealth transfer from the less well educated ( and likely poorer ) to those with better education . 
  why should farmers subsidize bankers and doctors ? 
  after graduation these bankers and doctors tend to have a higher income and pay more taxes which farmers profit from through the services of the government , health care and pension costs . 
  bankers are also very convenient , if the farmer needs a loan , to buy equipment designed by engineers and once the farmer gets into an accident with that equipment , he will have a doctor to treat him . 
  that farmer will probably also be happy that his children will have the opportunity to go to a university , if they have the qualification and will to do so . 
  germany enjoys a very good relationship with both russia and china economically . 
  a military conflict between germany and either of them is very unlikely and not in the interest of any of these countries . 
  `` most generous benefits '' ? 
  asylum in germany is better than dying during some war in a 3rd world country but it 's barely so . 
  if you are particularly unlucky , you meet some nazis alone and even that not dying part will not be an improvement . 
  pretty much every artist signed with [ audiolith ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/audiolith ), 
  germany at least has constitutional restrictions on when it is allowed to go to war , a decision by the european council alone is certainly not sufficient and i doubt it is for many other eu countries . 
  i would assume it comes down to there not really being a european market . 
  licensing agreements are probably made on a per country basis . 
  there are several options . 
  a different coalition might emerge , such as spd-left-greens or cdu-greens , the cdu might create a minority government or new elections . 
  the current spd leadership probably would not survive , if the coalition is rejected , so anything might happen but new elections are probably the most likely outcome . 
  i never heard that and i 'm german . 
  could this be a regional thing ? 
  it 's meant in the general sense . 
  if you think voting npd is a decent way to send a `` fuck you '' , you are either a nazi or so dumb that the difference becomes irrelevant . 
  salzgitter is fairly small . 
  people are moving to larger cities like berlin , hamburg or munich . 
   or does germany not have many of them any more ? 
  germany effectively has none . 
  at the moment there are a lot of people leaving rural areas and moving to cities . 
  this means that prices are going up in a lot of cities but everywhere else they are going down , to the point that selling a house is really difficult and can take several years . 
  furthermore unlike in ireland where a lot of houses have been built by investors that now are abandoned , you wo n't find any such houses in germany . 
  you also have to take into account that unlike a lot of other countries most people in germany do n't own a house , especially not if they live in a city . 
  rent prices are much more interesting to look at . 
  admittedly they to are rising but that can be expected with the major gentrification problems all larger cities have . 
  this boom is not at all comparable to ireland , where a lot of houses were built by investors purely on speculation , most of which are now abandoned . 
  there are problems with this boom but this boom being a bubble is not one of them , at least not at the moment . 
  how is germany creating a property bubble ? 
  the line should be drawn at consent . 
  if you consent ( preferrably enthusiastically ) to it and are capable of consent , it 's sex otherwise it 's rape . 
  keeping in mind that consent can be withdrawn and is n't a blank check on all sexual acts , it 's not ok to take off a condom during sex , if no consent was given for sex without one . 
  someone is incapable of giving consent , if they are too young , have mental health problems preventing them from consenting , are too intoxicated on drugs or alcohol ( except everybody involved is equally intoxicated ) and one is a guardian of the other so something like student/teacher , inmate/guard or child/parent . 
  lack of consent alone , even explicitly saying no to sex is by itself not considered to be rape by german law . 
  it 's necessary for the victim to try to defend itself . 
  many however do n't defend themselves and freeze out of fear . 
  which makes me wonder are these false accusations because there was no rape or because the law does n't recognize it as such ? 
  bavarian is not that bad , on a scale from 0 to 10 , 0 being austrian , 10 being german , i think bavarian scores a solid 5 ... well maybe a 4 but still !, 
  not spending any money and staying in syria would then be sign of sound mind ? 
  a lot of refugees travel to cities , berlin especially is taking on far more refugees than makes sense compared to it 's size and population . 
  i do n't think that 's necessarily a bad thing . 
  in many ways berlin is better equipped to handle these things , in terms of translators , people in general being better at speaking foreign languages and more people of similar cultures being here already . 
  however it does mean that lack of space is a problem , it 's not possible to give all arrivals a decent place to sleep for example . 
  traveling to europe is expensive and incredibly dangerous , especially for women and children . 
  the families only flee to get away from the very worst areas and then the fathers go on to europe , to find work and get enough money to arrange for safe travel so that they can meet up somewhere , where the family can start living a normal life again . 
  they may not be owed all of these things but they certainly have a right to these things . 
  these are just a few quotes of the udhr on the matter :  everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment . 
  [ ... ]  everyone has the right to education . 
  education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . 
  elementary education shall be compulsory . 
  technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit . 
  [ ... ]  everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community , to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits . 
  in addition to that the first article of germany 's constitution :  human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  staying in a makeshift camp for years certainly violates human dignity . 
  in fact what is considered to violate human dignity is fairly broad . 
  in germany the government has to provide refugees with enough money so that they can have a normal-ish life , which does n't merely include having a place to say and food but also things like being able to go the cinema or something at least sometimes . 
  i doubt people make a lot of money selling drugs . 
  there are several parts in berlin filled with illegal immigrants turned drug dealers , practically begging everyone who comes by to buy drugs . 
  that large of a supply is n't going to translate to any significant amount of money . 
  if you believe all these people are going to come here and get rich selling drugs , you 're deluding yourself . 
  i do n't think that 's the end , yet . 
  i think there is a real possiblity that maa\u00dfen is not going to make it out of this affair . 
  range took an internal disagreement with his boss and made it public to make him look bad . 
  this would get anyone fired and unless range is completely stupid he knew that as well . 
  are you sure you have n't misheard and they made an announcement to tell everyone that they were surprisingly only 5 minutes late ? 
  everytime i take the train and it 's on time they announce that you will be able to switch to connecting trains , as if that were some hard to get achievement that deserves to be celebrated . 
  what does patriotism and nationalism have to do with prioritising your own interests ? 
  what have we actually accomplished ? 
  that is an impressive list and it 's great that germany provided an environment for so many intellectuals and artists to flourish . 
  that was quite some time ago though and i ca n't help but feel that if anything , looking back on these intellectuals only highlights our lack of them today . 
  rather than being proud of what people have achieved generations ago , we should ask ourselves what we can do to achieve a positive impact , we can be proud of , today . 
  maybe it is but it pretty much mirrors public opinion in germany . 
  patriotism and nationalism are n't seen as good things and i think rightfully so . 
  there are two kinds of germans those that are n't ( entirely ) proud of their country and nazis . 
  all those on the right of the political spectrum , those that were always opposed to the eu and of course the uneducated masses that make up the customers of the parts of the media that have long since given up on journalism and were shown there particularily disgusting side during this crisis like bild , welt , etc. 
  there has been quite some criticism from the left especially of the grexit plans . 
  especially because they left the bundestag out of them so far . 
  given the effects on the german budget that 's constitutionally problematic . 
  i 'm fascinated by the fact that people still think the crisis in greece is a problem . 
  merkel and sch\u00e4uble certainly do n't appear to be of that opinion . 
  all of their actions seem to be oriented towards preventing germany from having to continue dealing with that crisis . 
  if the easiest way to do that is a grexit , ( figuratively ) turning greece into an economic wasteland for generations to come , this seems to be an acceptable tradeoff to them . 
  any protest that does n't take hold in germany with german voters is just going to make that decision easier for merkel and sch\u00e4uble . 
  nobody expects website owners to filter content , the expectation is that you delete it in a reasonable timeframe after you have been made aware of it . 
  also keep in mind that in this court case this timeframe was more than 6 weeks which can hardly be called reasonable . 
  no it can not afford to do anything of that , quite the opposite because all these old people are retiring , do n't make any money and now have to be paid for . 
  speaking as a german i would n't put too much stock into any of these obligations . 
  no matter much much funding defense gets , germany wo n't start to enthusiastically come to the defense of any country in eastern europe . 
  not that the obligation would n't be honored but there would be massive discussions about it . 
  german law has no equivalent to fair use or the dmca . 
  i think posh german is written not spoken . 
  there are n't much differences in spoken german at least not in poshness but the tendency especially in academic german to nest sentences and have them span multiple pages is rather posh i think . 
  that only shows that you do n't need the same qualifications at the top as are needed on the bottom of the hierarchy . 
  it 's no different from other organizations like companies .
