  no , much more than me yours . 
  man , r/sweden is far-right central , what are you talking about ? 
  you 're wasting my time mate , stop replying . 
  and why are you so offended ? 
  i do n't see it as a personal attack , it 's just clear what his motives are . 
  and ? 
  i thought it was interesting . 
  this looks like a much better way to accept refugees , gj iceland . 
  edit : read through the op 's comment history , contains some not entirely unexpected posts . 
  both have olive skin though , as you 'll see if you take a look at a skin colour map . 
  as for `` whiteness '' , they are definetly white/caucasian , almost every `` race map '' includes them as such . 
  in the old days , turks were thought to have some asian genes too , but that has since been proven to be mostly wrong . 
  and `` europeanness '' has no definition and is a stupid term . 
  yeah , but when i say `` race '' i mean something like phenotype , the idea of human subspecies is discredited . 
  yeah , it 's pretty bad for integration and stuff . 
  err , look at greeks and turks , they look pretty similar to syrians etc. 
  technically true , since race means subspecies , and there are no subspecies/races in the human race . 
  nah , i fixed it , not your fault . 
  because i was n't referring to race , i was referring to skin colour , i already linked that guy the caucasian race map . 
  my name is not muhammad , are you going to delete this comment too ? 
  true true, 
  that is skin colour , not race . 
  not as badly as the gulf countries though . 
  *** rolls eyes ***, 
  ignoring the fact that all immigrants are n't arabs , most of them probably do n't want to be treated like property , which is what they 'll get in the oil states . 
  yep , although turks are n't too happy about it . . 
  i ask you for reasons why arabs are n't the same race , and the only thing you can do is accuse me of being an arab and having a brown face , i think i 've had enough of you . 
  also there is no evidence of racial segregation , so you can kindly fuck off . 
  according to the u.s census , which i assume is relevant for an american , both his father and mother are white , so he is too . 
  just ignore u/brownycow, 
  european : person from europe caucasian : racial group including europeans , middle easterners etc white : defined by anthropology as a social construction , meaning differs depending on the person . 
  european cities segregate people after race ? 
  that 's new . 
  what the shit , would me having a brown face give you some kind of edge in this argument ? 
  please atleast attempt to adress my points instead of commenting on my race/nationality . 
  yep , but no ordinary citizen has grenades in their homes . 
  seems so , yep . 
  well , that 's subjective , in the u.s they are considered white by the goverment , aswell as in latin america . 
  and no , they would n't be considered european if they are n't born in europe , but european is n't a race . 
  they are the same race , but so are europeans , so that argument does n't work : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasian_race besides , those countries treat foreigners really really badly , they 'd be fleeing back to syria within a few months . 
  they 'd be enslaved or something , not a good idea . 
  well , what i meant was that it 's quite pro-immigration . 
  not that i mind that much , but that 's how many people see it atleast . 
  really ? 
  i imagine only criminals would have grenades though . 
  they should repatriate anyone who is n't from a war zone , the ones that are getting violent are mostly economic migrants hiding among the real refugees . 
  well , to their credit they sure as hell are n't `` piss poor '' . 
  any solution to the tensions however are going to take a long time , so indeed , invading seems like a very bad idea . 
  would it though ? 
  i mean i guess so , along with the death penalty . 
  our media is mostly biased and left leaning , but there are some online newspapers that are far-right . 
  islamic carbomb ? 
  those are fairly rare i imagine . 
  maybe you should research before you write bullshit , the grenade attacks are biker gang wars , and in the 90ies they used rocket launchers . 
  the reasons so many grenades are going of is because of a massively increased volume of grenade smuggling from the balkans into sweden . 
  sweden has a different definition of `` rape '' , otherwise germany would also be a rape capital , along with any other place that accepts immigrants . 
  i doubt you 're doing alright , it must hurt to see people you hate every day . 
  it would n't be extremist in europe either , it would be considered ridiculous far right politics , but not extremism . 
  of course no muslim community ( keep in mind that its not `` the '' muslim community , there are several ) * condones * terrorists !, 
  if you mean * condemn * then of course most governments condemn it . 
  but yes , islam has a huge problem in that far-right conservatism holds a strong grip on the religion . 
  yup , and a billion or so that is happy it didi n't happen . 
  your point ? 
  so my opinion is invalid because i 've only joined for 24 days ? 
  you 're an idiot , as anyone that has ever been to turkey can say , i do n't need to say anything more . 
  lol i have been there atleast 7 times and i 've never met a turk that does n't drink , amazing bullshit . 
  man , you need help or something . 
  they are fleeing from wars , not poverty . 
  holy shit you are slow if you think i 'm on your side . 
  so only poor people can flee from wars ? 
  it 's quite the opposite , actually . 
  maybe if you use your brain you would realize that it costs alot to flee the country , i do n't think they bought their iphones during the war mate . 
  source that all muslims want to kill every european ? 
  how about you take a look at google , or maybe stop making shit up instead . 
  turkey is already firmly in `` westernity '' , whatever that means . 
  you can take a look at some of the polls . 
  it 's routine , they can still quickly be redeployed if turkey asks for it . 
  i like how people immidiatly assume turkey is getting punished for something , lol . 
  yes you can , they used to have an annual pride festival . 
  mate , i have a house in turkey , many of my freinds are turkish , and yes , one is openly gay . 
  now now , do n't cry , just scurry back to r/european . 
  mind explaining why or is that just an assertion ? 
  turkey ( or rather the ottomans ) decriminilized homosexuality in 1858 , please do n't embarrass yourself with further replies as you clearly know nothing about turkey . 
  err , not all of the middle east is different from the `` west '' ( which clearly slovakia is not part of ) , israel and turkey are good examples of westernized middle eastern countries . 
  most middle easterners are white too , that does n't help them one bit . 
  poland is poor though . 
  but you 're right . 
  perhaps turkey is really big and poor . 
  but if eu accession talks helps the turkish people with their democracy , i will support it . 
  so because you think jews are n't as bad as muslims it does n't mean all of the far right thinks so . 
  many who believe in `` eurarabia '' believes that jews planned it . 
  `` are n't as bad '' does n't mean `` we want them ! '' . 
  but i guess it hurts for some to realize the truth , the only reason the far right would support israel is because otherwise all the jews would return to europe . 
  oh , so you ca n't give sources ? 
  what a suprise !, 
  i have no idea what you just said . 
  because a muslim can be white ? 
  it 's not a race you know . 
  since we did n't evolve here , there are two types of swedes : swedes who are recent immigrants . 
  ( < 50 years ) and swedes who are older immigrants ( 50  years ) .
