  `` stop '' what ? 
  freedom of religion ? 
  this shows that eastern europe is in no way part of the west , and shall never be as long as that attitude prevails . 
  that is the impression i have from most turks here too . 
  we should n't discuss anything in terms of ethnic or religious groups , i think we have learned that from our history . 
  rejecting multiculturalism is not the same as rejecting having multiple ethnic groups or religions . 
  you can assimilate refugees , but you will never stop darker people or muslims from living in your country . 
  yes , let 's copy saudi arabia !, 
  that will show those damn saudi arabs whose system we hate so much !, 
  and how the fuck are white people not allowed in the middle east ? 
  [ they themselves are mostly white . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aphhw.jpg ) as a person who has traveled to the middle east multiple times , i can assure you that you know jack shit about their culture or customs , i was welcomed warmly every time . 
   people fear that the migrans will spur out of control and will try to pull off similar thing to those german muslim citizens , who tried to enforce sharia law . 
  so was this * all * german muslims or a group of nutters ? 
  because i 'm sorry , but you will always have nutters , especially from war zones . 
   not to abuse social security system like those people from middle east . 
  have a source that all middle eastern people go to europe to abuse welfare ? 
  and that eastern europeans do n't ever abuse welfare ? 
  you had ? 
  that 's rare even here in europe . 
  your shekels are in the mail , friend !, 
  hope you guys have roomy prisons !, 
  i know right . 
  refugees ? 
  more like missionaries . 
  she ca n't reply to that it seems . 
  i apologize for the sorry state of european reddit , is it any better over there in north america ? 
  there are very few places in the world without muslims right now , i 'd recommend antarctica , since even the u.s is increasing their share of syrian refugees . 
  a reasonably healthy view . 
  i think we should hire our imams from countries like turkey or bosnia , where islam is in fact just a faith . 
  close the damn wahhabi mosques , they can only damage our societies , free speech be damned . 
  read what he wrote again . 
  i really doubt that being against saudia arabia makes people call you racist . 
  if people complain about being called racist , chances are that they are just bigots that likes to whine about how they 're socially excluded because of their stupid views . 
  then of course , there is a minority that are n't in fact bigots , that do in fact recognise that islam has multiple sects ( who knew ?? ), 
  and that they are ever changing , and maybe they complained that recent refugees have largely been adherents of an islam that is incompatible with western values , and that stupid people called them racist because of this . 
  so in order to hate france you must be a hardcore muslim ? 
  til . 
   i 'm totally pro immigrant . 
  brave man . . let the downvotes begin !, 
  convincing far-righties that you can discriminate against people for reasons other than race is useless man . 
  edit : see ? 
  dear god no , we do n't need more of this . 
  we need moderates , not more wahhabis . 
  i am reading the news , and i see nothing , links please ? 
  besides , turkey is probably in a better position economically than the other south european countries . 
  the netherlands is a highly developed country western european with 22 % ( a higher amount than you 'd think ) of the population of turkey , the comparison is a bit odd , do n't you think ? 
  and i do n't get what you 're on about , the netherlands do have a big stick , and turkey also has as big stick , considering its extremely important geopolitical role . 
  turkey is certainly no all-powerful titan , but equally you ca n't push around turkey , do n't underestimate the pro-turkism many nations today have , and for gods sake , do n't underestimate their pride . 
  right , [ too bad that there is and it 's being considered . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/sanctions-considered-for-refugees-migrants-quota-crisis-opt-out/ ), 
  right , but the dublin agreement is already dead , and i was n't aware turkey was subject to eu law , but sure . 
  obviously we ca n't do a `` sanction '' per se , but there is growing support for punishing countries that refuse refugees by some measure or another , and estonia is sure as hell not in a position to turn its back on the west . 
  so how would turkey break international law by refusing to take refugees that have applied for asylum in other countries ? 
  and if estonia does n't need aid , we will just sanction you instead , you ca n't get away from a responsibility our entire continent shares . 
  maybe it 's some sort of inferiority complex that makes eastern european redditors so aggressive , i honestly have no idea why he thinks that what he proposes is even acceptable in this day and age , i 'm honestly a bit ticked off . 
  so essentially , we are going to force turkey to obey our commands by threat of embargo , and you believe . 
  * a , turkey is going to obey us instead of finding other trade partners . 
  * b , european parliament would ever approve such a ridiculous idea . 
  * c . the international community is somehow going to be okay with this . 
  a much more likely ( and supported ) scenario is estonia getting its aid cut because of the refusal to take refugees . 
  i find it very ironic that you support strongarm measures by the eu , considering the position of your own state . 
  source on `` collapsing economy '' ? 
  and the netherlands has a huge economy , and a very large population for its size . 
  and let 's do the same to eastern europe when we 're at it , lets see what happens !, 
  / s not going to work , sorry , and no , we do n't have turkey `` by the balls '' . 
  sounds good to me , [ as long as we wait until turkey has secured a part of syria ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/27/turkey-isis-free-zone-syrian-border-us ) then we could fund refugee camps on the safe territory . 
  genetics does n't make you more likely to be a terrorist if that 's what you mean , your social class , ideology etc does . 
  and we do n't need to deport native bigots , we should rehabilitate them , and , since they are more likely to be terrorists , we need to keep them in internment until they are considered safe . 
  also , most radical muslims from europe were born in europe , so we 'll have to do the same for them , we can only deport the immigrants . 
  right , but even people from non-terroristy countries can be terrorists . 
  ethnic group does not affect likelyhood of terrorism , it 's rather your political views that matter , and our goal should be to deport radical muslims and native bigots ( including islamophobes ) . 
  still can not into nordic though . 
  everybody is a potential threat , does n't matter if the immigrant is from less `` terroristy '' countries like turkey or south america , you simply can not filter people out because their small terrorist percentage is a tiny bit larger than others . 
  that makes two , great . 
  ah , pardon me then , it looks like we agree . 
  man , this subreddit is getting to me ... 
  [ another , much more scientific explanation of racial iq gaps in the u.s. ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1988/04/10/education/an-emerging-theory-on-blacks-iq-scores.html ), 
  latvians score a couple of points lower than estonians , regardless of income , to attribute this to racial differences is absurd , social situation and a persecution complex can have effects on iq . 
  ultimately the jury is still out on what exactly the cause of the difference is , but hey , if you want to argue that baltic people are racially inferior to nordic people , go ahead , ill just stand here and laugh . 
  you are indeed racist . 
  * slow clap *, 
  okay , so not only is your knowledge of the world seemingly taken from 4chan and r/swedenyes , you 're also racist and homophobic , no big suprise here , move on everybody . 
  also wtf , you think denmark wants to invade us ? 
  haha , man the latvian schools must be in shambles . 
  racism , homophobia , sexism , bordering russia , all of these are problems , beside the poverty . 
  til i learned that problems with unruly young minorities are the only problems you can have . 
  seriously , are you claiming latvia is better than sweden ? 
  nice strawman , i think hate crime applies to all races , religions and sexes . 
  so let me guess , you believe that islam is monolithic , unchanging , isolated and hostile to everything else ? 
  if yes , then you are simply a bigot , just accept who you are instead of this endless denial , or continue to entertain us , your choice . 
  as if latvias only problems are with money , rolflmao . 
  compared to what ? 
  no , not really . 
  yes , and if they are similar in proportion ( 3.7 % ) then there wo n't be any problems . 
  yes , and if they are similar in proportion ( 3.7 % ) then there wo n't be any problems . 
  at least our numbers are looking somewhat normal . 
  i do n't think he is for increased gun control though , his home state is one of the most gun liberal . 
  right , in what areas ? 
  mind telling me what is wrong in sweden and how any other european country is doing so much better ?
