  if you think european far-right / `` national conservatism '' is your friend , then sorry , but you 're fooling yourself . 
  the only reason they keep anti-semitism behind closed doors is because the number of jews in sweden is around 20.000 and shrinking . 
  right , my bad . 
  my point still stands , you have given me no sources for your statements , so i 'll just assume that i won that one . 
  i 'm going to end this conversation before you accuse me of being an albanian or some other ethnic group you do n't like . 
  since that seems to be all you have left . 
  accusing me of being a turk is n't going to work here . 
  you are literally making shit up . 
  first you say that you ca n't have a factual opinion on anything that happened more than 50 years ago :  what happened in ottoman empire was a long time ago and it is properly analysed and documented by historians . 
  there is a reason why you do not learn less than 50 years in the past , in school . 
  because it 's hard to have a objective historian on anything which happened in less than 50 years ago . 
  then literally immediately followed by a made up factual statement :  ottomans actively forced people into islam . 
  too bad that you are n't , as an individual , capable of having a factual conversation without making shit up . 
  clearly to be expected from someone who fails to see the irony in a serb talking of `` immigrants being hard to integrate . '', 
  we are done , do n't reply to me anymore . 
  the only thing you have left is to look at my profile history and cry over it . 
   depends on your understanding of nationality . 
  you see , there are two meanings of the nationality . 
  a german and a french one . 
  the french one is what americans use . 
  anyone can be whatever nationality they want to be . 
  the german one says that you are the nationality you father was . 
  i imagine the french one is the standard for most non-fascists . 
   anyway , i agree . 
  these refugees will find more opportunities to work/learn and earn . 
  but i am quite certain that it will be very hard to integrate them into european society . 
  part of that reason is their religion but that 's a very small part . 
  it 's mostly because of the mentality . 
  it 's hard to change mentality . 
  hell , eu just has a joining process so the states candidates could change a lot of bad habbits ( mentalities such as nature protection etc ) so a state and people in it would fit better with other states in eu . 
  only applies to cases of failed assimilation . 
  unfortunately that is a lot of immigrants today ( including most of the balkan immigrants we have ) , but that 's our own fault . 
   bad habbits ( mentalities such as nature protection etc ) wat  if you consider paying for beliving another god , giving your first born and living as a second class citizen not bad , then i agree . 
  it was not bad . 
  i guess that it would be bad if they were being actively killed , right ? 
  sigh ... i consider that tolerable considering the historical context . 
  also , fairly sure abrahamic religions believe in the same god . 
   what happened in ottoman empire was a long time ago and it is properly analysed and documented by historians . 
  there is a reason why you do not learn less than 50 years in the past , in school . 
  because it 's hard to have a objective historian on anything which happened in less than 50 years ago . 
  ottomans actively forced people into islam . 
  so when the facts does n't suit you , change ( or muddle ) the facts !, 
  anything else ? 
  it 's well established that they are culturally close to the balkan nations . 
  `` totally alien '' is the funniest lie i 've seen today . 
  and yes , balkans people are already everywhere in sweden , so they will fit in pretty well . 
  okay , so all members of the ethnic group called `` turks '' always force their point of view on others , meaning their race or ethnic group determines their behavior . 
  literally racialism . 
  aaand reported . 
  because there were a couple of rich people does n't really mean there was no force to convert people to islam . 
  there was . 
  starvation , taking your offspring and paying taxes were a hard thing for a regular balkan peasant . 
  by that logic you could argue that there is a force for many africans to move to europe now , since changing nationality will help them overcome starvation etc. 
  it 's true that there were artificial taxation on the christian population , but that was as i said , really tolerant for the time . 
  and it 's really not that bad , i do n't get what sources you are looking at . 
   well , not really . 
  that happened a very long time ago . 
  it 's not hard to be reasonable about that . 
  what i 've seen from serbs and others seems to contradict that view . 
  but i may be wrong . 
   on the other hand , it 's hard to have factual conversation about recent wars in this region with anyone within this region because there is still a lot of hatred , fabricated or unknown facts etc. 
  luckily , our grandsons will sort out the truth . 
  i hope that you will get over your differences . 
  the balkans + turkey is my favorite part of the world . 
  and to a stupid outsider , you guys look way more similar than different . 
  i do n't really know too much about the cyprus issue . 
  i know enough of this subreddit to know that you should never trust it to be unbiased when it comes to muslim countries , though . 
  i think they 've given up on modding this sub . 
  look closer , there were plenty of rich christians in the ottoman empire . 
  still discriminitory , but hardly as extreme as you describe it . 
  can i assume that you are probably biased considering your flair ? 
  did you just get un-brigaded ? 
  looking at your votes on that post ? 
  maybe it 's a counter-brigade ? 
  by the way , you 're getting brigaded . 
  speak for yourself . 
  most people who are so adamant about europe being a `` christian club '' know nothing of turkey , maybe at max been at a tourist resort . 
  spoiler : it 's not a desert full of brown people !, 
   so i found the middle eastern turk in belgium . 
  why did you say it like that ? 
  i mean , you might be right but . 
  i do n't care about karma at this point . 
  i just want to show anyone visiting that not all r/europe users are xenophobic . 
   dude , people barely had anything to eat if they decided to keep their christian faith because of the religious tax and inequality . 
  do you call that `` not forced '' ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_the_ottoman_empire you might aswell read up on this . 
  you are exaggerating this immensly . 
  the only reasons `` serbia '' still exists is because of ottoman tolerance , i consider that quite impressive for the time . 
   turks were stopped at hungary , and our country was split into 3 parts , only one of which was under turkish rule . 
  no , they were stopped at vienna by the holy roman empire . 
   do we want you to kiss our asses for it ? 
  of course not , but at least you could stop spitting on us and call us racist and xenophobs at every turn just for protecting our national ( and at the same time eu ) borders . 
  do you seriously doubt that racism and xenophobia is a huge problem in hungary ? 
  you would n't be so quick to put up that wall without it . 
  it 's true that it 's really greece 's problem to begin with though . 
   as long as you 're okay with labeling every philosopher in christendom from seneca to sartre as a `` christian '' philosopher . 
  they are called western philosophers . 
  what do you suggest we replace the word `` islamic '' with ? 
  it 's not an incorrect word and bickering here wo n't redefine it . 
  you didi n't `` save us '' from anyone .
