so , multiculturalism ? 
  atleast that is how i and most of my pro-immigration friends understand it . 
  american culture is itself a mixture and picks up aspects of other cultures , it 's not considered specific to a particular ethnic group , and that 's probably why it 's easier to integrate into . 
  and no one questions the value of integration here anyway . 
  yes , it 's definetly multiculturalism , the goal of europe was to emulate america , and we are doing a bad job true enough . 
  regardless , a melting pot would mean an equal respect for all traditions and cultural habits , united in one nationality , if this is what you want then i certainly wo n't oppose you . 
  what you described at first is real multiculturalism , just like north america does it . 
  the second one is european `` multiculturalism '' , isolating minorities from society while giving them welfare and not allowing any cultural mixing . 
  how exactly are these foreign to their own nations ? 
  and are they more violent because of it ? 
  so in what country are muslims both foreigners and the majority ? 
  til turkey is violent . 
  til that all of the middle east is saudi arabia . 
  here in sweden there has been numerous high profile murders by baltic immigrants , syrians have an actual excuse to be here , you guys do n't , please stay on the other side . 
  i do n't get it , minnesota looks great to me . 
  haha okay then , forgive me if i dislike your kind of over-emotional spamposting on every comment chain . 
  we were talking about two different things then . 
   lol associating with people is a crime . 
  get your shit together europe is what he said and is what we 're discussing . 
  you said association should be a crime , not fighting for jihadists . 
  freedom of speech , it exists . 
  and you ca n't throw someone in jail for verbally supporting something or associating with them , unless they actively commit a crime . 
  that was n't necessarily the `` ottoman empire '' but more a union between turks and greeks . 
  lol , so rural turks stone people ? 
  [ 3 % support stoning , 97 % is against it . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/stoning#support_for_stoning ) try harder next time . 
  haha , okay . 
  cept they 're not . 
  til that eastern europeans are a race . 
  not really , i just said it . 
  i do n't go around saying it if you think that . 
  nah , funny to think that this subreddit , where talk of others cultural inferiority is acceptable , would think that i 'm being politically incorrect for stating simple facts . 
  who woulda thunk it ? 
  i 'm not , my country is . 
   no , i am pretty goddamned certain i did not . 
  i said that this sub , not all of european citizens , or even a minority , is further to the right on the subject of immigration than even our craziest fringe candidates , who are individuals , but i did not say `` our right-wingers '' as in to imply a general population , but just candidates as in the individual fringe candidates . 
  right , but even our right wing proposals on immigration is more lenient than your current policy towards refugees . 
   in addition , that / u/underfireman asshole was the first one to bring up americans , so you 're still completely off trying to dismiss me . 
  that would make him guilty , not me , i do n't get your point . 
   `` do n't fucking tell me about reading interpretation , sweede . '', 
  -- would n't you just want to slap a shithead who 'd say something like that ? 
  : / no , not really , we do n't really care if people from other countries use slurs against us , we are better than them anyways . 
  right , but you brought america into it first . 
  i understand what you mean about this sub though , it 's not representative of europe at all . 
  how many syrian refugees is the u.s taking in per capita ? 
  what was that now again , oh yeah , [ 50 % of all post-9 / 11 arab-americans are depressed . 
  ] ( http://www.soundvision.com/article/state-of-muslim-mental-health ) do n't tell us about tolerance , yank . 
  brave man o7, 
  i doubt turks are trying to move to europe these days , more like yugoslavs or albanians . 
  the refugees are your weapons now serbia , use them wisely . 
  haha , we have albanians here too , more yugos though . 
  and believe me , we have enough . 
   good , time for you to get more ** actual ** refugees . 
  fixed . 
  this really has crushed my `` remove kebab '' stereotype of serbia , this is really confusing . 
  not true at all , but we have finally realised that letting immigrants walk all the way here is a pretty bad idea . 
  we are still the most open society . 
  to be fair i was talking in terms of the `` west '' and east , not geographical zones in europe . 
  most people will never accept slavs as western , especially these days when the deep difference in mindset is making itself obvious . 
  oh yes , the nazis absolutely loved slavs , i forgot about that !, 
  read his post again , and then read your own . 
  he is simply stating that the criminal case will take longer to process than his asylum request , therefore the former can not affect the latter in a society where law and not mobs rule . 
  no , but poland is undeniably part of a cultural east , does n't matter if you use archaic terms like `` central europe '' . 
  and i never talked about anyone claiming poland to be western europe , i was arguing against the idea that poland is somehow part of the `` west '' , an idea many people barf at . 
   you are talking to yourself then , cause that 's nothing new , and everyone are well aware of that . 
  so we agree then ? 
   that 's not true , if anything - it 's testifying to your lack of historical knowledge . 
  poland was historically central , it never was eastern . 
  if you want to look at the europe in a bipolar split of east and west - then before the cold war it was by the lines of religion , eastern and western christianity , in which case poland belonged to the western group . 
  not talking about religion , i 'm talking about culture and language . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  noone is desperate to be `` upgraded '' . 
  we 're just trying to be historically accurate , that 's all . 
  sure , poland , estonia , turkey all are countries that are trying to be `` upgraded '' and they get real pissy if you do n't agree . 
  nope , i just said that no one considers poland to be western , and that 's that , its not just because of the cold war , its simple geography . 
  finland is a different matter , they used to be swedish and still have a huge swedish minority , poland was always eastern , even back in early modern times . 
  i just do n't get why polish people are so desperate to be `` upgraded '' . 
  lol , i never heard anyone refer to finland as `` eastern '' or poland as `` western '' , get over it yourself mate . 
  did you read what he said ? 
  so this subreddit just accepts eurarabia now ? 
  time to unsubscribe ... 
  oh yeah , that seems redneck . 
  because poles are n't refugees , if you ca n't see the difference between a polish toilet cleaner coming to work and a somali refugee , you are brainwashed . 
  poles normally already have a job secured when they arrive . 
  cool , okay . 
  may i ask what the `` redneck '' part of canada is ? 
  what the shit are you talking about ? 
   rejecting multiculturalism is not the same as rejecting having multiple ethnic groups or religions . 
  you can assimilate refugees , but you will never stop darker people or muslims from living in your country . 
  is what i said . 
   we have many ( but not in your proportion ) ` darker ' people in poland . 
  they are assimilated in our society very well . 
  we have for example ` darker ' pm in our parliament . 
  and please do not be so pessimistic about our future . 
  hope we can stop it or at least keep in reasonable numbers . 
  is what you said . 
  you were calling me `` pessimistic '' for not seeing how an eu and nato country could possibly ban religions or certain skin colors from their country . 
  and do n't worry , not even refugees want to live in your nation , even if you gave out even more money than germany . 
  i 've seen that map before , and yes , poles do clean toilets , did i ever say anything otherwise ? 
  what you have shown me is exactly what i claimed , that some poles are abusing welfare , and some somalis are n't abusing welfare .
