best chess players by far . 
  now i understand the dutch stereotype of germans digging holes . 
  it 's like bush and blair all over again . 
  do n't get me wrong , i support gay marriage , i just do n't consider it a cultural value . 
  it could be argued that tolerance is a cultural value though . 
  it is n't . 
  and neither is gay marriage or abortion . 
  they 're still very controversial in most of the west , and even in places where they are widely accepted , they 've only been that way for such a short time that they ca n't be called cultural values . 
  i would n't consider gay marriage or abortion `` western values '' , considering they 're very controversial in the u.s. and europe . 
  they were n't imperialist in the literal sense of a monarch of one nation ruling many others , but they always wanted to spread their ideology by force . 
  i 'd argue that while the u.s. was a direct rejection of imperialism at formation , the u.s.s.r. had the goal of spreading communism worldwide from the start . 
  nick clegg does n't know what he 's talking about , as usual . 
  he even wanted the u.k. to join the euro . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  am i the only one who likes english food ? 
  to be fair , saudi arabia does allow women to vote and run for office , as of 2015 . 
  granted , it 's a token , and the country is both very behind in women 's rights and not an actual democracy , but it is n't that hard to imagine saudis being ok with a female leader of another country . 
  which is why turnout quotas are silly and harm democracy . 
  ah yes , i completely agree . 
  that is why i am against the quota . 
  i had heard about that tactic being used somewhere ( i ca n't remember which country ) . 
  yes , i am aware . 
  it is a rule i do not agree with , which i expressed as it was brought up in the description . 
  which makes the quota redundant . 
  turnout quotas are rather silly . 
  anyway , if this does pass , any hope of ukraine returning in one piece is out the window ( though , let 's be honest , it wo n't happen either way ) . 
  he 's said he may be interested in becoming a supreme court justice . 
  it is wrong to compare putin to hitler . 
  they are both despicable , but putin comes nowhere even remotely close to committing the level of atrocities adolf hitler did . 
  he 's said he admires putin [ as an operator , not as a human being ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/03/31/farage-says-putin-is-his-most-admired-leader_n_5061154.html ) and has criticized his actions regularly . 
  nigel farage said `` not that i approve of him politically . 
  how many journalists in jail now ? '', 
  immediately after that first part . 
  he 's said he admires putin [ as an operator , not as a human being ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/03/31/farage-says-putin-is-his-most-admired-leader_n_5061154.html ) and has criticized his actions regularly . 
  nigel farage said `` not that i approve of him politically . 
  how many journalists in jail now ? '', 
  immediately after that first part . 
  i think it 's unfair to include farage . 
  while the other three love to defend each other , farage has called trump 's policies `` a political mistake too far '' , shunned any comparisons with le pen , and along with the rest of the west widely criticized putin 's horrible way he runs russia . 
  well , with comprehensive agreements outlining the mutual interests of both parties , unless you 're talking about something else . 
  farage would never have let them get the last word . 
  he 'd go on to explain that britain can trade with europe without being in political union . 
  that 's highly debatable . 
  all eec members were staunch allies at the time of formation . 
  there was no forseeable course of events in the near future that would have led to war between those 6 nations . 
  what other choice did they have ? 
  fight russia in crimea ? 
  the u.k. does n't have border controls . 
  britain is n't in schengen , but they still ca n't control e.u. 
  immigration . 
  luckily the american states united and remained one . 
  yeah , he might have just confused the articles of confederation with the confederate states . 
  umm , no it did n't . 
  the confederate states seceded after abraham lincoln was elected president of the united states . 
  before that they had been part of the united states ( the exception being briefly the articles of confederation , which did not work ) . 
  anyway , the entire comparison in null , as the u.s. is one nation . 
  i do n't think you can compare the american states with european countries in terms of unified identity . 
  all u.s. states were always part of one nation , one people , one culture , and one government . 
  europe is none of these things . 
  none that matter . 
   it 's also the case in france ... 
  did n't know this . 
  charles de gaulle would be rolling in his grave . 
  i 'm aware . 
  i 'm not commenting on whether those statements should be legal or not , but if they are illegal , true freedom of speech does not exist . 
   besides that , the man was convicted of hate speech , which is n't protected speech . 
  if all speech is n't protected , then free speech does n't exist . 
  after all the `` je suis charlie '' stuff too , which was literally about comedians having the right to offend religious minorities , under free speech . 
  i would be happy if those living on , say , the navajo nation put all of their signs in navajo . 
  for the rest of anglo-saxon america , that is just a silly concept . 
  if mexicans immigrate to the u.s. they should learn english , just like french people should learn the language of wherever they move to . 
  when they live in their own country , however , they should not be expected to learn a different language . 
  i 'm aware , but i do think it is audacious to assume they should learn a language different than their own , just because it is spoken by you and me . 
  i get that , but is n't it a bit presumptuous to expect people from one country to learn a language that is not their own ? 
  i obviously do not misunderstand the concept - i am learning french right now , as a matter of fact . 
  my point was not that a frenchman can not learn another language , but rather that it is arrogant to expect him to learn english . 
  ca n't blame them for wanting to speak their own language . 
  he probably knows he 's not a socialist , but he also knows it 's too late to backtrack on that one , so he instead opts to try to redefine the word . 
  2016 , the best year i 've lived through . 
  coup shit , get purged, 
  that 's the point at which i stopped watching the video . 
  clearly not well-researched . 
  other way around really . 
  sacrificed the independence of other european countries to get their own independence . 
  not that i blame them . 
  `` love europe , leave e.u. '', 
  itt : no one realises that this was expected . 
  believing in freedom of speech does n't make you a racist . 
  sorry : / some of us here would love to stop ttip . 
  good for britain for rejecting fascism and aligning with the u.s.a. to liberate europe . 
  gove 's going off the grid !, 
  sorry , i just do n't buy the idea that he 's been working 17 years to get a referendum , only to hope to lose it . 
  obviously not . 
  a remain victory would have made farage and ukip immensely powerful . 
  now he has lost his job and his political relevance . 
  ca n't say i agree . 
  he may have a bit of an ego , but he without a doubt put the future of his country before his political position . 
  i think farage was genuine about his desire to leave the e.u. . 
  he 's lost his job , possibly ended his party , but i 'm sure he could n't be happier , because he genuinely believes in it . 
  [ they 're going to miss each other .
