  and as i said why , it was cancelled . 
  it provided no effective military advantage to occupy or push further when they faced larger casualties in battle against outnumbered and outgunned germans , and failed to move any divisions away from poland . 
  that is why it was ineffective , and thus cancelled . 
   provisions of the alliance were clear . 
  a full scale offensive was supposed to be carried out by the 16th of september . 
  the french abandoned the plan long before that as evidenced by their false reports during the saar offensive . 
  treaties made before a war do not bend to political reality , and by the time the offensive had made any head-way , it had not been effective in reducing or diverting the german divisions in poland . 
  the offensive was not made to defeat germany , it was done to divert german divisions from poland so that they could hold long enough to make an organised retreat to the romanian border . 
  when the order to halt the offensive was made , it was clear that the germans would defeat poland within a very short time , and the russians would soon cut off the only hope for the poles . 
  once the germans regrouped in the west , the french would have no tenable defensive positions , and so withdrew so that they could hold the germans in belgium and the maginot line . 
  just because the allies could not bend political reality to their will does not mean they did not put in an effort , or that the offensive was `` a joke '' . 
  it was not able to effect the stated goals of the campaign , and so practical and intelligent military sense requires you call it off . 
  that was during the occupation of the rhineland , but there was an actual french incursion into the saar basin , but it was ineffective in diverting german diversions away from poland , and so was called off due to it 's untenability as a defensive position when compared to the maginot line . 
  it was obvious by the military build up on the borders that the ussr would invade . 
  the french still had to fully mobilize and when the poles were doing much worse than expected , and the french incursion did little to divert divisions , they called off the attack . 
  to be fair to the allies , there was not much they could do . 
  poland was attacked from both sides , meaning the agreed plan to retreat south and hold at the romanian border where resupply could occur never took place . 
  had russia not been involved , aid would have come . 
   especially in an era where war could result in nuclear holocaust exactly why diplomacy favors the us and their more advance missile offense/defense systems . 
  `` ma boy putin be messin wit dat eastern border bruh '' `` we got u fam '' * nuclear launch detected *, 
  sekrit documents tovarisch !, 
  `` after much deliberation '' ( read : backlash ), 
  then buy your own books and read them . 
  you do n't have to trust everything the government says in class , you just have to use what they say to answer questions . 
  what you 're saying makes no sense . 
  that is n't an issue of historical accuracy , it 's importance , and the government has determined hitler and his actions to be more important than the history of the war itself . 
  its the same reason here in australia my hsc level courses focused more on tobruk and africa ( japan was the previous year , this prevents cheating ) than the eastern/western fronts . 
  and those text books do n't get bought . 
   the problem is that people disagree what is and is n't revisionism . 
  even then , what 's the problem ? 
  new facts and evidence come to light everyday . 
  the fact that it was a gnocide might be a shut case , but that 's not true for most of history , or indeed the perpetrators . 
  yes , they are actually . 
  text books and documentaries are made with the help of historians . 
   at least he had an ounce of competence . 
  competent enough not to have * any * plans on hand in case leave won ? 
   were n't even lizard-like at all i was thinking along the lines of `` they look like lizards '' , not wrong , but incredibly misleading . 
  `` twenty years in the making ... '', 
   all the translation-nazis see , if i translated the bible from the original and stated `` in the beginning , the big bang happened , and god walked off '' , it completely changes the message , just as it does here . 
  it 's like calling a dinosaur a lizard-like creature . 
  it 's not wrong , but it 's * incredibly * misleading . 
   part lies and mistruths being spread all over the press and multiple other reasons . 
  and the result of that is deciding your not well informed enough - would you rather those who are not properly informed to all vote brexit because they `` have to '' ? 
  so you 're making baseless claims ? 
   `` we 'll negotiate a new trade agreement with the eu without freedom of movement and with blackjack and hookers '' was pretty much par for the course . 
  again , i do n't see any bossing around here . 
   just wait and see the uk crumble to dust  if the uk could survive the aftermath of ww2 , i 'm pretty sure they 'll survive leaving a trade union . 
   uk leaves the eu , a lot of eu workers will move elsewhere not to bother not being in a eu country ( germany , france , sweden , etc , all prosperous countries in need of medical staff ) uk has lower taxes , lower living costs , english is spoken by most europeans , etc. 
   maybe gibraltar will leave uk , hahahhahhaha  london is n't happy at all for leaving eu . 
  you 'll be left with england , wales and a disheartened london . 
  i fail to see how this means the uk will `` crumble into dust '' . 
  also , * if . 
  *  and a weak pound with nothing to export ( scotland leaves with the oil ) which is harsh on uks economy . 
  uh , back in [ reality . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_exports_of_the_united_kingdom ) oil is not the pinnacle of the economy , though it is a large part . 
  england still has plenty of coal to convert and thinking about oil is very short term seeing as we 're moving to renewables . 
  also , again , * if . 
  *  but at least you can somewhat halt the immigration , which is the root of all your problems , right ? 
  no one has been arguing to reduce * immigration * , they have been arguing * uncontrolled * immigration . 
   brexit salt is the best salt no one here is salty but you . 
  again , who is doing this besides `` they '' ? 
  not really . 
  unless pulling a 180 is seeing new facts and adapting to them ... ? 
  i know . 
  but i did n't claim that as you said i did . 
  but never nukes , right ? 
   source for any of your claims ? 
  source for those wmds saddam was deposed for ? 
  you can google `` wmd lies saddam '' for a ton of sources including the donor pockets / u/zedvaint mentioned because the name halliburton will keep popping up . 
  i only claimed he committed genocide , not that he possessed wmds . 
   you mean like they deposed of kim jong il who was the # 1 harshest dictator with the # 1 most oppressed people on the planet who actually declared and went full speed into ** researching nuclear missiles ** ? 
  that might be why . 
   there were plenty of people claiming that they would negotiate trade agreements with everyone and their mother within months well , they would . 
  but i do n't see how this is `` bossing around '' the eu . 
   you are truly brainwashed . 
  they did it because it was in the us neocon game book for years and when they gained power they did it - to further their criminal agenda and stuff their and their donors pockets on the way . 
  source for this ? 
   on this side of reality she made this infamous speech everyone keeps citing when a couple hundred thousand refugees where in austria ( you may want to consult a map to see where that is ) , not greece . 
  again : in the blame game ignorance and a very short memory seems to be bliss . 
  again , source for that count ? 
   english is main though . 
  and what language is it broadcast in ? 
  maybe that has something to do with it . 
  and is in english . 
  i think that is why it 's most view in england . 
   when the us and the uk ( also france and italy in the case of libya ) happily fuck up the middle east because they felt like it - even though all the experts told them that would destabilize the region - that 's soon forgotten . 
  and why did they do this ? 
  to remove a dictator who killed his own people and committed genocide . 
  the problem was n't the toppling of said dictators , it was the aftermath which politicians thought would go smoothly in a non democratic society . 
  also , syria was n't caused by western countries , nor was pakistan , somalia , algeria or any other countries where the refugees came from . 
   but when a few million people are , in the follow up , on the run from terror and war and they finally arrive in europe , and germany decides that it will not leave italy and greece and austria alone with this problem - that 's when it becomes merkels fault . 
  well , yes . 
  rather than instituting a way to bring refugees directly to germany from greece that the should have done , she did not and that resulted in millions marching through europe , of which few are documented . 
   the us and the uk have all forgotten about recent history , and since geography , they sit happily on the side and make their sneering comments . 
  oh how smart they are . 
  oh how irresponsible merkel is . 
  she should have just built a wall all around germany and everything would have been just fine . 
  you 're insane . 
   brexit is all merkels fault . 
  and yet , / u/fairisquick said no such thing .
