is everyone forgetting the beer-in-door ? 
   where did they encouraging terrorism ? 
  they are just expression there opinions of homophobia , misogyny and hate with for the west . 
  as you said , everyone as their opinion , so , it 's not a problem to claim that women are less than men ** or that gays should be killed ... ** incitement to violence . 
  that 's illegal and you should be sacked . 
   i could ask what it a store with pro-jihadist beliefs or it would be even legal but i prefer to ask what is the motivation for a person with progressive views to work there . 
  what motivation would someone anti gay rights have to work at a pro gay book shop ? 
  people need to money to eat , drive , rent , or buy houses . 
  they 've a right to their opinion . 
  however , in many countries they are breaking the law in encouraging terrorism . 
  so they were arrested . 
  the problem is europe allowing jihadists back in with little to no reparations , not freedom of speech . 
  to flip your example , what if normal people were fired because they worked at a store with pro-jihadist beliefs ? 
  your logic says they should be fired , no ? 
  god-emperor putin can not die , though . 
  we 'll have to look into other means to depose him . 
  it was n't an even 50/50 for uniforms , but was worse for shoes , so i just did an equivalent percent in my head . 
  lovely . 
  you instantly equate `` disagrees with me '' as stupid . 
  why do n't i call your place of work for disagreeing with me here right now ? 
  because that is an utterly detestable thing to do and why it should be illegal to fire people for political disagreements . 
   if a company think that someone 's opinions are bad for the environment of the group why does they have to keep him ? 
  i 've answered this `` question '' 3 times already . 
  not my fault you ca n't read . 
   imagine if someone where in the company agreeing with daesh or with hitller 's ideas . 
  do the company has to keep him ? 
  not if they break the law . 
  every one has the right to an opinion , even ones we do n't agree with . 
  did n't only half of southern troops ever get uniforms or shoes , though ? 
   the company has an owner and he can do what he want with his company . 
  luckily we no longer think this draconian way , else people would be fired for protesting , or signing up with or union or anything else the company does not like . 
   if he thinks that your opinion is bad for the company why does he was to keep you there ? 
  see above . 
  we have labor laws for a reason . 
   you 're not being persecuted , `` subject ( someone ) to hostility and ill-treatment , especially because of their race or political or religious beliefs . '', 
  tim hunt was subjected to ill treatment ( losing his livelihood ) because he told a joke and people demonized him as sexist . 
  he was persecuted , as would anyone else be in the same situation . 
   you can say what you want . 
  `` you can what you want , you 'll just lose your job ! '', 
  that really sounds like free speech , right ? 
  `` the right to express any opinions without censorship or ** restraint . 
  ** '' people are being forced to choose between free speech or their job , when this dilemma should n't exist . 
   but people do n't have to like you . 
  no they do n't . 
  but the proper response is to say why and rebut your opponent , not lead a witch hunting mob to destroy their livelihood . 
  there is a * massive * difference between `` i do n't like you '' and `` i do n't like you , so i 'm going to get you fired and you will possibly starve to death/lose your house/go homeless . 
  have fun . '', 
   so , there is freedom of speech and expression for you but not for your company ? 
  the companies speech is not being infringed , unless if you also believe that they should be able to fire people who disagree with capitalism , or anything else the board deems a stain on their image . 
  a company is not a person , and so has no right to speech . 
  their workers and owners do . 
   censorship means that the government forbids you do say something or controls the media , or persecute you for that . 
  does n't guarantee you that other people will have to like your opinion . 
  i think you need to review what true censorship is . 
  `` censorship is the suppression of speech , public communication or other information ... by governments , media outlets , authorities or other groups or institutions . '', 
  * you * need to review what censorship is . 
  by forming a witch hunting mob and demanding people be fired because you disagree with them sets a bad precedent and * is * censorship . 
  it 's the use of fear and strong-arm tactics to prevent you having your say , much like a base thug saying `` do n't voice your opinion , something bad might happen to you . '', 
  it 's disgusting behavior and the fact that you would defend something like that abhorrent . 
  i just laid out 100 + word discourse on why in response to you . 
  if i need to spell it out again , here we go , in bite size just for you :  yeah , see , that still results in censorship . 
  tim hunt retold a `` sexist '' joke that his female friend had told him and a witch hunt got him fired to save face . 
  see why now ? 
  it 's completely arbitrary on a factor that neither the public fully agrees on , nor the company shares beyond branding . 
  it makes people afraid of speaking out on topics they care deeply about due to the majority opinion forcing them to lose their livelihood . 
  people should n't be tried in the court of public opinion arbitrarily , it 's why we have a justice system , and why people should be fired only if they commit crimes in using their speech . 
   does n't mean that companies still have to offer you a job yeah , see , that still results in censorship . 
  i have seen over the past 2 years * so * many people fired or sacked because someone online disagreed with them , or the company wanted to save face , even due to a very mild comment . 
  for example , [ tim hunt , ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/jun/13/tim-hunt-hung-out-to-dry-interview-mary-collins ) whose crime against humanity was simply retelling a joke that his * female * friend had told him . 
  a public witch hunt ensued . 
  a company should have no right to fire people for saying things they merely dislike . 
  only in the event of that speech being a * direct * incite to violence or actual unlawful behavior should this be the case . 
  `` we are the borg '', 
   they need to do it , with each other . 
  they certainly are taking this ethos to heart , at least in a different way . 
  gib gib gib monies take take take kurds, 
  is n't that just the constitution ? 
  sure , but lots of new laws are being introduced in places like the us where consent is now a strict `` yes '' rather than contextual or through social cues . 
  \\  educated guess \\  `` political correctness ... more important than protecting the population . '', 
  \\  `` deport everyone with more melanin and/or a larger penis than me '' good job man . 
  you just proved his point . 
  even then , it 's pretty stupid . 
  70-90 % of communication is non-verbal , and i 've never been in a situation where sex was initiated with `` can i fuck you ? '', 
  it 's always been heat of the moment , or slowly gone into it . 
  for example , if your partner is flirting and then you start taking their pants off they do n't stop you , this basically non-verbal consent . 
   milk-induced longevity wtf does it even mean ? 
  that you can live old with milk ? 
  how does any of what you wrote make sense ? 
  this is what you do so you do n't have an entire paragraph in the title . 
  it goes in depth in the article , and anyone with any sense knows the war is in the east . 
  you are in a thread literally titled `` nearly ten thousand killed . . in ukraine conflict . 
   the best thing would be a neutral ukraine . 
  that 's worked very well for the ten thousand dead , the destabilizing of the region and the possibly millions left homeless due to the fighting , has n't it ? 
   the polish thought the french would attack and prepared an attack against berlin . 
  the polish did not prepare for any offensives into germany proper , the agreed plan was to retreat and create a defensive line near the romanian border . 
   also the past victories and land gains against against sovietunion and germany made them a bit to sure . 
  the polish did not defeat the soviets in 1921 ( which is what i 'm guessing you 're referring too ) and no war with germany had ever happened . 
   i met a czech historian and has even most outrage how germany just could take czech-slovakia and nobody cared during that time . 
  they did care , it 's what began the whole mutual assistance program with the poles and allies . 
   saar offensive was a joke , they advanced a few kilometers into germany and then withdrew after facing almost no resistance .
