  and by saying this you ignore the fact that there are actually quite some tensions in countries present day , with regions struggling with a majority/minority of independence . 
  or are you saying spain warning they wo n't recognize an independent catalonia has no potential of becoming a major conflict when blown out of proportion ? 
  because that 's what wars are , conflicts blown way out of proportion . 
  why would they change without reason ? 
  i do n't see switzerland suddenly claiming milan because they are n't in the eu . 
  and catalonia has the possibility of turning into war , eu or no . 
   the idea of becoming independent once again is really a dangerous one to spread . 
  we managed to remain in peace for the past 70 years thanks to the formation of uniting organizations , like the eu and like the un . 
  i think you mean nato and the fact that we do n't need to fight because of trade deals ( trade deals which do not require the eu , i might add ) . 
   if the uk leaves the eu , it closes a major door of solving tensions with other countries by negotiations . 
  because that 's one of the most important functions of the eu , tho it goes by unnoticed . 
  in the past if germany had a strong disagreement concerning trade for example , negotiations almost always failed and thus the only other means to dissolve the conflict were used , i.d. 
  war . 
  in the present , the eu and the parliament make these negotiations far more easy and fair . 
  uh , what ? 
  war was not started `` over a trade deal '' , they much more complex than that . 
  i fail to see norway or switzerland being invaded due to their non membership , either . 
   pff i could go on , but my main point is that the uk leaving the eu might not only be a bad thing for the uk on it 's own , but for the eu aswel . 
  since it could be a catalyst for other countries to leave aswel , basically catapulting us back to 1930 . 
  uh , what again ? 
  how would removing the eu catapult us back to 1930 ? 
  we have no outstanding border disputes , very little ethnic tension , trade would more easily flourish due to the removal of red tape , etc. 
  just look at the current borders - all the european nations are happy with them , and all disputes occur between either between non-european and european nations ( eg : greece-turkey ) or between post soviet cold conflict zones or russia itself ( eg : transnistria , moldova , crimea ) . 
  everyone gained experience . 
  the government , the generals , the cos , the company commanders , everyone . 
  just because some people made mistakes does not mean they also did n't learn . 
  making mistakes is one of the only ways of getting * good * experience - you learn what does and does not work . 
  i 'm sure the failures of vietnam , iraq and afghanistan none of those were military failures , they were political failures . 
  the wars in iraq and afghanistan were completely successful - the coalitions toppled both governments , and it was only in political handling that we failed . 
  vietnam was a failure , but that does not negate the experience earned in guerrilla style warfare . 
   have produced very experienced generals . 
  yes , they did actually . 
  failure does not mean you did not learn , else i would imagine you 'd still be back at first grade mathematics . 
  that 's a bad idea . 
  it should be done on merit and experience . 
  ah ha , no . 
  the eu is not made of like minded individuals , as the brexit shows . 
  the eu will do all it can to prevent the eu falling . 
  no , that 's joint command . 
  and it does n't really matter who is in command , ww1 showed why multiple commanders is a bad thing . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  a federation of states is n't like the eu ? 
  * there was a first one ? 
  probably because of history . 
  why does a trade require an eu military ? 
  we have nato already . 
  the yugoslav breakup , and how it 's military was used to enforce non-dissent . 
  i 'm very sure that eu would * never ever ever * use it 's military to punish dissent . 
  something something yugoslavia . 
   currently we can not use a stick to enforce policy . 
  you 're going to win a lot by friends by actually saying `` do this or we will hurt you '' . 
  why would anyone want an eu army ? 
  you guys all remember yugoslavia , right ? 
  the french are trying to institute * their * monarchy upon * us * ? 
   wtf . 
  the ep is elected just like any parliament and calling it `` undemocratic '' just shows what kind of parrot you are . 
  it is much less democratic than the system used in the uk . 
  also , who am i parroting ? 
  i came to this opinion independently . 
   the difference is that murdoch does n't have his greasy fingers in the media landscape of every european language and ca n't order his newspapers there to push the readership to serve his interests . 
  every nation has it 's media moguls . 
  just because you happen to agree with those mogul 's opinions does not change that . 
   q.e.d. 
  and thus proving my point . 
  regardless of your inability to act like an adult , i will use this opportunity to soapbox ; the only reason that murdoch has no influence in the eu parliament is because it is so undemocratic . 
  they do not need to take heed of public opinion and are therefore held to a * much * lower level of accountability . 
  this is one of the many reasons i support leaving the brexit . 
  i do n't read rags , as i said . 
   i do n't like the way you argue , that 's all you do n't like the way i argue ? 
  then you have no value in a political discussion . 
  argument and rhetoric is not a silly thing where we block out opposing ideas ; if you do not agree with an opinion or do n't like the way it is presented , then you address that . 
  what you are doing is pathetic - how can anyone take you seriously if you cower in the corner at the first sign of opposition ? 
  so , i 'll ask again - how does any of this equate a reason to stay in the eu when the murdoch situation would continue to be the status quo either way ? 
  why should anyone here take this post of yours seriously if you yourself do n't even fully back it ? 
   i will dodge it :-p so you are sticking to opinion when you can not justify it ? 
  that is silly , childish behavior and makes me wonder why anyone here should take this post of yours seriously if you yourself do n't even fully back it ? 
   so you are for the brexit ? 
  yes . 
   maybe check how you came to this opinion ... ( e.g. 
  see `` the sun '' of today ) i do n't read newspapers , and we do n't get the sun down under . 
  i hold this opinion because i 've looked at the pros and cons of both sides and come to the conclusion that the pros outweigh the cons in the case of a brexit . 
  now , i 'll ask again , how does any of this equate a reason to stay in the eu when the murdoch situation would continue to be the status quo either way ? 
  or will you just dodge the question ? 
  i fail to see how this is a reason to stay , especially seeing as rupert has his tentacles in the uk regardless . 
   until there 's an official statement by the uk government , everything can happen . 
  and to the surprise of no one , these statements do not exist . 
  i highly doubt even cameron would try to threaten this if the brexit happens , though . 
  there was * much * evidence to the opposite . 
   abballa lived in nearby mantes-la-jolie and was convicted in 2013 of `` criminal association with the aim of preparing terrorist acts '' . 
  he was sentenced to a three-year term in prison , of which six months were suspended , for recruiting fighters for jihad in pakistan . 
  and in any case , i would not believe government intelligence/law enforcement in regards to muslim-commited crimes , especially after all the cover ups over the past few years . 
  and the only people who benefit are large companies - do you really think a wikipedia or a small news site , both of whom make very little comparatively , would be able to pay for the millions of foreign links and quotes they contain ? 
  obesity is the rule , not the exception . 
  i 'm just glad it fits properly on a 21:9 monitor . 
   we have far more in common with american culture than british . 
  that 's not saying much , really . 
  america is practically a slightly changed british culture . 
   and some baltic countries have nazi veterans proudly marching on the streets . 
  `` some veterans '' is in no way comparable to a major government embracing soviet nostalgia . 
   the us does exact the same , but suddenly they are good guys and you 're happy to suck their dick every time you can .
