  how does the usa have `` total control of media , opposition and population '' ? 
  when has it `` annexed sovereign land '' ? 
   good for him . 
  i support your independence as well . 
  however , i do n't support baltic countries being nato 's staging area , i do n't support them being used as a tool for anti-russian propaganda and i certainly do n't support any of `` non-citizen '' things . 
  and no one appreciates russia invading other nations for strategic gain . 
  there is a reason the baltic has become a `` nato staging ground '' ( which is patently false , nato has no plans to have any major actions against russia in the baltic ) . 
   democracy did n't work when it was implemented in france for the first time . 
  might have been those almost two decades of war . 
  no , he wants to access the city centre , but it 's flooded . 
  `` want a beer , mate ? '', 
  `` you filthy capitalist pig , why do you hate women you misogynist ? 
  are you are a fucking murderer or something ?!?!? '', 
  alcohol tanks , right ? 
  why ? 
  plantations are better at growing things in indonesia , you learnt this two hundred years ago . 
  that 's ... not how wars work . 
  you 're forgetting air/sea warfare , and `` put flag on berlin '' is not a qualifier for winning a war . 
   or downsides since at the same token one can move to a ** cheaper country . 
  ** without ubi ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   and they 'll work there for 5 minutes until their boss makes them angry , or something at that job feels degrading . 
  then they 'll say ' i do n't have to put up with this ' and quit , because , they do n't actually have to put up with it . 
  they do if they want more than hotdogs at the end of the month . 
   without necessity as motivation ( read : want of new things is not necessity ) the onus is on any employer to make work and workplaces attractive enough to keep people around . 
  only if ubi is a significant source of income , which it will not be , that what you even quoted . 
  how can you be this thick ? 
   think of it from an income point of view . 
  consider any mcjob . 
  how many people like working at mcjobs ? 
  few . 
  but people will take what they can get , because they got ta survive . 
  that still holds here . 
  do you think 20 % of people are just going to `` yep , living in a one room apartment with no tv is great , i just love living frugally '' ? 
   now remove people who hate their mcjob and were only there to make ends meet , remove them from the market . 
  suddenly you have a large number of mcjobs who ca n't fill their rotas because the aggravation of doing so is n't worth the new shiny thing they 've been eyeing . 
  yes , when you remove everyone from the labor market that happens , but that does n't fit reality . 
  we 've had welfare for decades and this has n't happened . 
   without worrying about starving , there are other ways to make money , ones that are at least tolerable . 
  so really , we end up with a whole class of employers in the same boat ( shite work environment , shite job , shite wage ) who suddenly have to make big changes to attract people and keep them . 
  not really . 
  people still want to have more to come home to than a bowl of cold soup and a bed . 
   i 'm not worried about ` the good life ' . 
  what you are arguing i think is the motivation to consume ( buy shiny new stuff ) is a higher priority than being treated well at a job . 
  and that this lifestyle inflation will not require employers to behave differently . 
  they will behave differently ( as if that 's a problem ) , but not to a large degree seeing as people need the jobs to do anything other than barely survive , whilst now people need jobs to barely survive . 
  the impulse to purchase clothes , better food , books , etc is there . 
   and i disagree . 
  if people do n't need to put up with nonsense , then within a short span , they wo n't . 
  they 'll say ' i can find some other place to earn the x $ i want to buy a ps5 ' , and they 'll quit . 
  people do that now , or have you never gone to a different job ? 
   in that situation , the employer ( mcjob ) is more reliant on his/her worker than the workers are on him/her . 
  s/he needs a crew more than workers need a ps5 . 
  if he ca n't staff a shift , mcburgers do n't get made . 
  so it 's about the relative dependencies , which are shifting away from employees and onto employers . 
  which means change in work culture . 
  so change = bad ? 
  you have n't even quantified this , but even then , this makes no sense . 
  the mcjob is already extremely reliant on the workers , and the workers already have almost negative motivation in many places , where the welfare they could get if they quit gives equal to or more pay . 
   you could accomplish that by increasing minimum wage this only increases goods and services pricing , reducing it 's effectiveness . 
   or reducing taxes which would benefit the wealthiest almost exclusively , as the main beneficiaries of the ubi ( workers and middle class , the poor would benefit mainly from other social services like disability pension , etc ) spend more , and therefore pay higher goods and services based taxes . 
   whilst avoiding enabling the people who stay home and play video games all day the ubi in it 's best form would pay below the minimum wage . 
  this gives those who can not work the ability to get further welfare , those who do n't want to work ( who would n't anyway ) barely standard living so that they are meeting basic needs like health , food and rent , and keeps the incentive to work for everyone else as they still want to buy more things , live in larger houses , etc. 
   the problem is that you do n't understand the difference between money and value . 
  people wo n't have more money , the money for a basic income is provided by the state , and the state gets the money from taxes . 
  you either need to figure out how words work or stop contradicting yourself . 
  how can you not have money when you do ? 
   the things you consume are not made of money , they are made by people working for those things , and you work for other people . 
  money is just there to make trading possible . 
  did i say anything contradicting this ? 
   people wont `` buy more '' with a basic income because they wo n't work more , because there is less incentive to work . 
  so who is profiting the most of a basic income ? 
  those that do n't work . 
  no one is saying otherwise , as if that 's even a problem . 
  ubi at below minimum wage is what i 'm arguing for , and gives those without jobs a basic wage to pay for rent and food while helping those who need more with existing welfare services . 
  the workers have more incentive to spend and thus grow the economy - they will not stop working because children still need gifts , they want a bigger house/apartment , etc. 
   what you 're missing is that a lot of people work jobs they do n't like , because they have to . 
  one impact of ubi is that people who work jobs they hate to subsist will stop doing it . 
  employers who are employing these people now will have to change their work culture and practises in order to entice people to work in those jobs . 
  which is a great thing . 
  unless they are getting a massive amount of money from a ubi , people will still want to work crappy jobs . 
  as i said , people will want things to work to , ie : a larger house , more entertainment goods , gifts for children , etc. 
  it 's like with * really * wealthy company managers who make millions every month . 
  they still work because they want to get something , ie : a bigger boat , more campaign donations , a second house for the kid , etc. 
   on a broad level , the german report is essentially noting that the labour to capital relationship in the labour market would change . 
  outside of public relations , and labour law , the current system is pretty dependent in a number of sectors on workers being driven by necessity into taking jobs . 
  ubi reverses that : employers must then compete to have workers who want to work there . 
  no , people are still going to go into bad jobs because of the above reasons - `` i want more stuff . '', 
  a good , sustainable ubi would not give so much that people are `` living the good life '' , just enough so they do n't have to worry about running out of money soon . 
  it should be below the minimal wage to ensure this , with those who can not actually find work ( but still attempting to ) being given extra as a subsidy through the already existing social welfare programs . 
   i agree with you that people want more than subsistence . 
  they want to do something , achieve something , be a part of something , etc. 
  the problem has been that except in sought after positions , there has never been a necessity to provide it . 
  after ubi , there would be . 
  only if you give an overly large ubi . 
   changes to the labour market are coming whether people like them or not . 
  we should not be afraid to start preparing for a new labour market relationship . 
  otherwise in the short term displacement will be a huge problem , and in the long-term , disruption for a sizeable % could also be a barrier to a future healthy economy . 
  agreed . 
  exactly , which is why i specifically laid out an entire paragraph above on it , and yet they apparently ca n't read .
