  i do think it 's a false dichotomy , europe will not `` perish '' , but unless the left actually tries to fix up it 's act we * will * see a rise in right politics throughout western europe , and a further strengthening in the east . 
   germany is in no way a word without free speech . 
  is it illegal to say the following in germany ? 
  `` our laws on free speech are wrong and i want them changed in this nd this way . '', 
  it is not a guaranteed right . 
  your ability to talk freely can be removed at any time . 
   i do not think so , so it 's all about getting started on the democratic process so it can end up in parliament . 
  nothing whatsoever is stopping you . 
  this is clearly false because this thread is literally about a man who 's freedom of speech was curtailed due to him offending someone . 
  this is one such example that i referenced above . 
  it 's not a * right * though , hence the problem . 
  other laws trump it , like the laws protecting your * right * to not be insulted , hence why this satirist is being punished . 
  these laws should actually be swapped , in what world are we to allow mere feelings to over-rule your ability to speak freely ? 
   if you feel that the system does not represent the people fairly and you live in a representative democracy , take it up with your legislators . 
  how can i adequately make my voice heard in a world without free speech ? 
   do something to have the law changed . 
  then things will be different in the future . 
  but the courts are just going by the books , so there is no reason for anyone to be angry at them . 
  i am not angry at the judges , you seem to have this weird conception that i am . 
  i am angry at the laws . 
  they still have large sway , though , like the religious blocs stopping gay rights legislation in italy and the former yugoslavia . 
  this will not stop , even with the `` taming '' of islamic practitioners . 
   the catholic faith has no political content either . 
  that 's some massive historical ignorance . 
   there are plenty of catholic communists and catholic fascists , and everything on between . 
  and many are heavily based around catholicism as it 's foundation . 
  just as the catholic church is n't ? 
  `` it 's not a speech issue , they just have to censor * some * of it ! '', 
   the justice system is supposed to judge based on the laws of the land . 
  and those laws should hold popular sway , or at least popular moral sway , ie : theft being illegal despite opposition . 
  if the justice systems is not representing the people fairly , then it 's useless . 
  * `` hidden nazi base ? 
  you wo n't guess where !, 
  `` mr. president , estonia is here . '', 
  `` who ? '', 
  * `` we 're not nazis !, 
   if the vast majority of a country is `` poor '' , ** and the poor hold the bulk of the nation 's cash ** no they do n't . 
  they just do n't have enough to hide in switzerland/germany/cayman islands/etc . 
  and not facing a very real terrorist threat on their borders . 
  merely a state hungry for land . 
   source ? 
  [ right from austria 's own ruler . ], 
  ( http://mentalfloss.com/article/57608/wwi-centennial-germany-gives-austria-hungary-blank-check )  the attack directed against my poor nephew is the direct consequence of the agitation carried on by the russian and serbian pan-slavists whose sole aim is the weakening of the triple alliance and the destruction of my empire ... [ i ] t is no longer an affair at sarajevo of the single bloody deed of an individual but of a well-organized conspiracy , of which the threads reach to belgrade ... ** [ t ] he continuance of this state of things constitutes a constant danger to my house and to my realm . 
  ** this is just before the issuance of the blank cheque . 
  austria itself implored germany for help in a punitive war against serbia , and russia if they joined too . 
   germany gave ah the blank check because they thought ah would be reasonable with it ; they were honoring their alliance . 
  their blank cheque entitled full support , and they knew war would be the result . 
  just because wilhelm did n't realize that russia was equally supportive of serbia does n't alleviate them of blame . 
  also , their alliance was strictly a defensive one , offensive actions were not laid down in the treaties , hence italy withdrawing from the alliance . 
   ah did stupid things , sure , but you ca n't pin that on germany yes , you can . 
  if i know that someone wants to go commit a crime and i give them a gun , i am responsible too . 
  germany * knew * that war would start if they gave a blank cheque . 
   ah was a nation , not a child , and were responsible for their own actions . 
  they were very much secondary in terms of power . 
  germany was practically the only thing holding the empire together . 
  also , going back the the criminal/gun analogy , just because a sovereign nation invades another nation does n't mean others are n't also responsible , especially if other nations literally say that the invasion will be fully supported with military and economic help . 
   it 's not like if china gave nk a blank check ; ah was a major power on their own and supposed to be part of the balance of power . 
  when we are talking about cause and blame , it very much is . 
  if north korea invaded the south with full support from china ( including but not limited to munitions , foodstuffs , manpower , etc ) then they are both equally responsible . 
   if each cause for ww1 was necessary for war to break out , then how can you give one cause primacy ? 
  i do n't . 
  i already explained below why germany was the main cause , ie : a constant build up of aggressive foreign policy and international incidences . 
   the historian a j p taylor said that the only reason ww1 occurred was because i5 did . 
  explain ? 
  all i 'm getting from this is that an intel processor cause the great war . 
   you should consider the multiplicity of causes before you try to rank causes in a hierarchy . 
  you should keep reading below where i do just that . 
  they refused to honor their alliance with austria and germany because it was a purely defensive one , and the war was an offensive one . 
  they joined after it began in mid 1915 , not near the end . 
  they also were not `` crushed '' , they did quite well with a military more backwards than somalia 's . 
  pretty much . 
  austria was collapsing in 1917 and continued only due to germany basically taking over the government and military . 
  also , italy was in the entente during the great war . 
  germany 's blank cheque to austria gave them all the reason they needed to invaded serbia . 
  without it , russia was sure to crush austria . 
  it was the only reason that they went ahead and declared war . 
  saying that serbia was the cause is a dumb move , it ignores all historical context of german aggression since the franco-prussian war , including but not limited to actually declaring that britain was a target , initiating massive arms build up in direct challenge to the balance of power system and numerous incidences of gunboat diplomacy in an attempt to strong-arm europe into giving into colonial demands . 
  serbia was simply the spark that lit a keg of german gunpowder . 
  serbia was the start , not the cause . 
  / u/phthedude, 
  pretty much everyone over the age of 16 . 
  every single front , most dead in their alliance , pretty much the main cause , etc. 
  so it 's fair to say so . 
  it generally does , actually . 
  many games come out a few days before actual release , but some of those are just development builds . 
  i remember i wanted to pirate xcom2 to see if it ran well before a purchase , and it was an alpha build ( as advertised ) . 
  exactly . 
  i was thinking less `` i consent to my death '' and more just a document stating that the authorities are not allowed to prevent you from consenting in the case you otherwise can not , ie : say you are okay with suicide in the case of mental illness before it actually takes hold . 
  otherwise , if mentally healthy , consent does n't really matter . 
  this could all be solved by a national registry that asks when you turn 18 ( and a mental health inspection ) if you want to give yourself the right to commit suicide . 
  you 'll get mail yearly to ask to renew your answer , otherwise you can commit suicide whenever . 
  i 'll let your comment stand for itself . 
  which is why you knock to clarify . 
  not arrest a man who made a joke . 
  also , big difference between `` my dog is a nazi , lol '' and waving a flag of a terrorist group . 
  `` you disagree with me , therefor you 're a radical '' is a radical opinion , dude , and defies logic . 
  it 's only natural when you spit on people who want their issues addressed that they turn to people they do n't truly understand , but have no choice to turn to , people like hitler . 
  you are doing nothing but helping extremists . 
  but not the east , or anyone else ? 
  the west does not hold the keys to enlightenment , everyone else needs to put at least equal effort in .
