   you 're countering our assumptions with your own i am ? 
  show where please . 
  i was not aware giving examples of reasons why something is n't cut and dry due to lack of information was making assumptions ; that 's like saying `` we ca n't rule out murder , even if it looks like suicide '' is an assumption . 
   also why should kyiv be immune from assumptions and speculation ? 
  point to where i said this please . 
   this sub is more than happy to speculate about the details of russia 's involvement in ukraine ... is there some kind of double standard at play here ? 
  there is much evidence that russian ( state ) troops are in ukraine . 
  i also never said no speculation was allowed . 
  you 're arguing against nothing . 
  speculation is fine , but assumptions are altogether different . 
  do n't confuse the two . 
  people are allowed to say whatever they want . 
  * i * would say the same thing . 
  this is completely meaningless without any other details . 
  what / u/shevagleb and ( possibly ) / u/z651 seem to fail to understand is that warzones are dangerous , and not all people are unable to enter areas simply because ukraine wants to cover things up . 
  perhaps these areas are battle grounds with sensitive information that could get out ( eg : gun emplacements , munition caches , headquarters , etc ) , and so on . 
  we have no information but the fact the trip was not authorized , so jumping to conclusions and claiming that ukraine is covering up torture is very pre-mature and incredibly disingenuous especially seeing as these are merely investigations of * claims * . 
   he 's specializes in name calling , barracking and spreading misinformation , but having a discussion ? 
  no , not good at that . 
  well then you 've certainly not watched any of his tv appearances on qanda type shows . 
   discussing the eu referendum well ? 
  not so much . 
  have you seen any talks of his ? 
  he does it quite well . 
   by trying to give a little background information to my original post i 'm a hypocrat ? 
  yes , it violates the whole point of `` i do n't want to see this discussion '' , that is why i said everyone deserves to give their side because i replied to you . 
   i do n't get it . 
  i do n't post very much this issue is apparently closer to my heart than i would like to admit and since english is not my native toungue i could lose our little conversation . 
  it 's just saying that , in order to be consistent , you need to disavow from this conversation as well , or else do n't be surprised when it comes up . 
   maybe i 'll find more time to explain my point after my work for today is finished . 
  but i would like to point out that you also do not have to respond to my posts . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point was that you want to see this conversation end , and at the same time comment and view these discussions . 
   like , no it does n't . 
  i do n't know where you got that from . 
  the government going against the majority , you said it yourself . 
  what the government considers tyranny is completely arbitrary , and will likely be whatever reduces their power , hence freedom of speech being a possible tyranny . 
   so you did after all . 
  i never denied it . 
   in its absolute form , why of course . 
  do n't know what 's ironic about that . 
  freedom of speech is otherwise quite intact in germany . 
  no , it 's not . 
  as we saw recently with the german satirist who was censored for insulting edrogan . 
   this sentence makes no sense . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  reread it , it 's quite clear . 
  if freedom of expression and speech are mainstream views and against the government 's view , then that is a tyranny going by the link you provided . 
   it 's a document used to justify judiciary tyranny against the government when the government tries to go against it . 
  no , it 's meant to enforce the minority 's views against the majority 's when they disagree with them . 
  a tyranny is completely malleable and changes person to person ; what a minority in germany might find tyranny is actually not to the majority , ie : the ability to display offensive images . 
  never read it . 
  farage does it quite well . 
   latvia is part of the eu since 04 , so ... a very good right !, 
  also since this graphic was posted in r/europe !, 
  i fail to see how that allows them a right to talk about * british * sovereignty . 
  fyi , i do n't condone this view , i just want you and / u/rok182 to be consistent . 
   obviously you do n't want britain to leave and i can respect that . 
  that 's odd , because i literally said nowhere that i did , and actually say `` just as a matter of disclosure , i am pro-leave . '', 
  in this very thread . 
   once the have voted and decided to stay in the union i hope the entire discussion will be over . 
  it 's neck-and-neck right now , and currently favors leaving by a bare inch , so do n't be so sure of yourself . 
   but from my experience it will never end and that is the reason i 've made that frustrated comment above . 
  cheers !, 
  probably because as long as the eu exists there will be people against the eu . 
  this is like saying `` can we just shut up about the federal elections already ? '', 
  also , as i said , you do n't have to partake in this conversation . 
  you could just not enter the thread and continue on . 
  you even responding to me is being hypocritical , but i do n't blame you , everyone deserves to give their side . 
   yes italy has basically no natural resources . 
  or at least they 're do n't make up a substantial part of our gdp nor our exports , contrary to the us and australia . 
  not being as exploited as possible does not in any way mean you do not have any . 
  italy has access to massive quantities of raw minerals and fish , just to give a few examples . 
  these are quite profitable . 
   it has also an average hotter climate than the optimal one . 
  and yet italy is somehow up to european standards . 
  it 's not an issue of climate in the current human lifetime ( at least in developed nations ) , it 's a matter of technology , especially in italy where the climate actually * helps * the production of many crops and gives a rich marine environment ( thus the fishing ) . 
   i mentioned the climate because brazil for example has also a large amount of natural resources , but also an overall much hotter climate that allows for less development brazil is in a less than advantageous climate , has more bribery , less available technology and mass poverty . 
  this all combines into low development . 
  solving these problems leads to higher development . 
   it 's about the limits of the tyranny of the majority , rule of law . 
  which , in this case , means anything popular going against the current government . 
  which is why i brought up freedom of speech and expression , principals that germany in it 's current form ( ironically ) suppresses . 
  if freedom of expression and speech were quite popular , then that is `` an assault on the constitution '' and hostile too the government : it makes no sense . 
  it 's literally a document used to justify government tyranny against the populace when the populace disagrees . 
  i thought it was a joke too , until you started going on about `` my business '' and hammering that home . 
   not at all , i do n't know why you brought it up . 
  i did n't . 
  the discussion here is about juncker wanting to limit free expression and to ban or sanction those he disagrees with . 
  you brought up german law ( for some reason , that was all you did , no context was given ) and then i asked  how does german law on banning free expression relate to the eu as a whole , or juncker wanting to limit right parties ? 
  do you understand now ? 
   maybe . 
  not the point . 
  i 'm going to ask again . 
  is this supposed to be antagonistic ? 
   do you know what business you are in ? 
  yes , and that is nothing . 
  i 'm currently studying . 
   what 's your business ? 
  hopefully , a small video game/film/music review and presentation platform .
