  i would rather like a new zealand accent , yes . 
  it 's simply certain vowel sounds in certain words which i dislike . 
  i have no idea whether they pick it up or adopt it intentionally . 
  either way , i find it aesthetically displeasing to hear a swede speak a form of english which sounds close to general american , but with a scandinavian twang . 
  unless you differentiate by size * and * colour . 
  i dislike the tendency towards american accents ... more than that , it 's prevalence discourages english speakers from bothering to attempt to learn any other language , on the assumption that anybody who does n't speak english is n't worth speaking to . 
   the secret with english is that native english speakers are happy to talk to other people who are n't native speakers even if they make a lot of mistakes , whereas if you try speaking other languages , some of which are technically easier such as spanish , you ca n't make mistakes without constantly getting corrected . 
  english is an acceptably `` sloppy '' language and this is why it 's so popular . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  that does n't quite change the fact that there 's a civil war in libya , and these people are in libya . 
  the war certainly is n't encouraging them to stay . 
  they 're certainly in libya . 
  i mean i would n't want to be in libya , regardless of whether it was temporary or not . 
  i 'd be pretty desperate if i had arrived in libya . 
  and it would be our tanks just behind the camera . 
  tricky . 
  if we let them all in , we face economic uncertainty . 
  if we send them back , or worse sink the boats , we abandon our ideals . 
  that 's a flimsy excuse and a hyperbolic description of the current state of affairs . 
  dumb ? 
  i think the word you 're looking for is desperate . 
  these people are trying to flee civil war , genocide , and the likes of isis , there 's nothing they wo n't do for a chance at safety . 
  or the smugglers get 180k and take the migrants anyway . 
  the magna carta is , perhaps , one of the most overrated documents in history . 
  it would be largely forgotten if it had n't been appropriated by parliamentarians back in the 17th century . 
  that can happen to anybody . 
  the former causes the latter . 
  cunt applies in all cases , in my experience . 
  ouch . 
  stab us in the heart why do n't you ? 
  the imf : screwing over economies since [ whenever the fuck they were founded ], 
  is it ? 
  can you prove that ? 
  i bet they have wine though . 
  remove all border but sassenach . 
  could get that with the schengen zone ... 
  i would drink one pint of belgian beer . 
  then one pint of german beer , one of dutch , one of danish , one of polish , one of czech ... european brotherhood !, 
  i understand your point now . 
  i 'm scottish . 
  of course i would . 
  but ... but you said * one * thing !, 
  damn it constantine !, 
  and if the tories tell the snp to ` shove it ' publically , it will be used as evidence of the oppressive evil tories by the snp , and it will drive up support for a referendum . 
  a motion of confidence has to have a 2/3 majority . 
  or it has to be in the form of a bill with the sole explicit aim of dissolving parliament . 
  there is a right and a wrong . 
  right is what works best and is achievable under current conditions . 
  wrong is everything else . 
  if they choose anything other than regional assemblies , they 're wrong . 
  its the logical conclusion . 
  the homesec is not an english mp , therefore he can not vote on matters of english policing . 
  if you want an exception for the cabinet ( and cameron has made no such mention of an exception ) , you must mention it . 
  i do n't believe a single english parliament is the best solution for england . 
  regional parliaments would be better tailored to regional needs . 
  a london-based parliament is just as unsuitable for liverpool or leeds as it is to glasgow or cardiff . 
   [ citation needed ] how could you possibly have a home secretary , education secretary , or prime minister be unable to vote on their own proposals ? 
  if evel was in place in 2001 , much of the cabinet would have been unable to vote , including the chancellor . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  evel is a tory policy designed to benefit the tory party . 
  personally , i do n't care what the english want as i 'd rather scotland go it 's own way . 
  but if the union must persist , i would like it to be a federal entity , no english votes for english laws , no english parliament , and certainly no status quo . 
  a yorkshire assembly , a north east assembly , a south west , etc. 
  is the best way to go about it . 
  yes it would get more money because of its size , hence why i said `` justifiably '' . 
  but the other regions would n't like that so much . 
  then vote conservative . 
  a scottish referendum requires an snp government . 
  okay . 
  but you realise that a referendum is coming , right ? 
  you are n't being denied a chance to decide , it just has n't happened yet . 
  [ citation missing ], 
  there is no indication that a majority of people wanted to leave the eu in 2013 . 
  the eu referendum could have occurred whenever the majority of the uk wanted one . 
  the majority has n't wanted one , so it has n't happened . 
  you said `` the current generation has made their choice '' . 
  implying they ca n't change their mind . 
  i think referendums should come as often as the electorate feel like it . 
  ten years is reasonable . 
  five years is reasonable . 
  three years is also reasonable . 
  money . 
  it would be perceived ( correctly and justifiably ) as getting the most money of all the devolved regions . 
   an english parliament or simply only english mp 's voting on english laws either of these things will kill the union . 
  the best solution is multiple parliaments for the regions of england . 
  are insults considered pandering in england ? 
   far far to short . 
  50 years would be right . 
  it means the current generation has made their choice , and the following generation gets that same choice . 
  people are n't allowed to change their mind ? 
  the express , the mail , the sun , the telegraph ( on bad days ) . 
  the labour party 's ( and every other party , to be fair ) rhetoric was quite aggressive . 
  it was very `` us vs them '' . 
  and the yes campaign was very good at portraying themselves as being left-wing and standing up for the working class . 
  so the labour party ( according to the snp 's new former-labour voters ) effectively alienated their base of support by acting against a working-class movement . 
  if the tories win a landslide at the next election , whenever that happens , it will play right into the snp 's rhetoric about tory english rule , and we 'll see another referendum soon . 
  those were all before the fixed term parliament act , where the pm could just dissolve parliament on a whim . 
  now he ca n't . 
  it is now possible for a `` zombie parliament '' to exist , where the government ca n't do anything , think us-style government shutdowns . 
  all the parties have ruled out coalition , but they all did so in 2010 too .
