  that 's rather the opposite . 
  austerity affects only the poorest in society . 
  austerity benefits the world 's richest . 
  austerity is a malicious concept when implemented by neoliberal ideologues . 
  socialism \u02c8s\u0259\u028a\u0283\u0259l\u026az ( \u0259 ) m / noun a political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production , distribution , and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole . 
  was this the case in romania , bulgaria , poland , vietnam , or any other soviet or chinese puppet or aligned state ? 
  greece was already promised the 3rd bailout . 
  it was agreed to be paid . 
  then syriza comes in and suddenly the money wo n't be coming . 
  austerity does `` work '' in the same way that cutting your arm off when you break your wrist `` works '' at stopping the wrist pain . 
  or killing yourself when you have an overdraft solves the problem . 
  debt relief would ultimately help the greek state function better , thus helping the people . 
  greek interest payments should n't exist . 
  the lenders are n't going to get their money back regardless of whether or not austerity is implemented , they simply would rather see the greek people suffer as some sort of sick punishment . 
  no , there is no will , but i 'm saying what should be done , not what will be done . 
  we all know what will happen : poverty will increase , suicides will increase , human suffering will increase , except for the rich . 
  those who are suffering will be blamed for it , despite them having absolutely no fault in this , and the system which caused this will continue , and this situation will arise again in a few decades . 
  denmark was big on the slave trade . 
  sweden and norway were big on not being humane towards the lapps . 
  denmark enjoyed oppressing and mistreating the native inhabitants of greenland . 
  denmark and sweden were minor colonial powers in asia , africa , and the americas . 
  they all fought and oppressed each other . 
  norway also had a `` zoo '' in which africans were put on display . 
  all my examples were of entities which were cut off from the world and conquered by authoritarian states , they failed through no fault of their own . 
  and in fact the ezln is still functioning , and is a far better place to be than anywhere else in chiapas , unless you 're rich . 
  everyone who holds the debt . 
  the entire system , really . 
  debt relief will help the people , which is who i actually care about , same with the tax breaks . 
  investment will happen if it 's state directed . 
  giving greece money will happen if there 's a will for it to happen . 
  regulating the financial sector will prevent lending and borrowing from becoming unsustainable . 
  not necessarily , only if those who forgave it are permitted to hold it over them . 
  there have been few socialist states , but russia between 1917 and 1921 was better than anything which had ever come before . 
  paris commune in 1871 . 
  not states , but catalonia 1936-1937 , free territory of ukraine 1919-1921 , shinmin autonomous region 1929-1932 , elzn present day are all examples of extremely libertarian socialism . 
  cuba is an example of a marxist-leninist state , not socialist , but perhaps the best possible outcome of marxist-leninism . 
  please give me an example of a capitalist state which has n't caused the deaths and suffering of thousands . 
  debt relief . 
  investments . 
  tax hikes on the rich . 
  tax hikes on land . 
  tax breaks on the poorest and on small businesses . 
  give the greek government billions of euros . 
  increased global regulation of the financial sector to prevent this tragedy from happening again . 
  it was the real life implementation of a soviet puppet state , not socialism . 
  debt relief to get rid of that particular sword of damocles , and investments into the economy to boost jobs whilst raising taxes on the highest earners . 
  so they called themselves socialist ? 
  so what ? 
  if i call myself the sultan of san marino it does n't make it true . 
  the socialist republic of romania was not socialist , it does n't adhere to the definition . 
  to be clear , the definition of socialism is `` the workers ' control of the means of production '' romania has never experienced this , therefore it is not and never has been a socialist state . 
  to say otherwise is to have no understanding of socialism . 
  no , i think everybody who wants a job should be able to get a job . 
  and i think if you 're working , you should n't ever have to struggle to survive . 
  accepting or rejecting this deal would n't do that . 
  this deal is hardly going to make things better . 
  it 's punishing greece for no good reason , when there are other , better options . 
  what you had was authoritarian state capitalism , not libertarian socialism . 
  yes , a quarter of the population as pseudo-slaves is a wonderful thing . 
  thanks , neoliberalism !, 
  nationalisation is a silly way to implement socialism . 
  `` structural reforms '' of course means massive deregulation , to allow foreign corporations to more ably suck the life out of greek society . 
  goo point . 
  those are the most popular names ... in a couple generations . 
  i knew that nai mean yes because i read it on a languages poster i saw in school years ago . 
  never forgot it , and i knew it would be useful one day !, 
  the gaelic scottish spoke gaelic , and scots was not , in any way , bastardised by them . 
  southern scotland was once part of the kingdom of northumbria , but was conquered by the gaelic speaking kingdom of alba , by that time , scots was not in existence , but it was beginning to diverge from northumbrian . 
  over a relatively short period of time , the centre of power in alba shifted south , into scots speaking lands and at some point the kings began speaking scots , and continued speaking scots until james vi ( i in england ) . 
  under royal patronage , scots began spreading through gaelic speaking lands , driving that language back . 
  it began to take many loanwords from french , and attained higher prestige with its literary tradition . 
  err ... no . 
  scots is scots , not `` bastardised '' english ( whatever the hell that 's supposed to mean in a linguistic context ) . 
  scots is descended from old english ( think alfred the great and beowulf ) , and followed a separate evolution from middle english , i.e it was and is a distinct language . 
  just the same as german and dutch followed separate developments , despite having a common ancestor . 
  there are accounts from scottish soldiers in the first world war who swore that when they spoke broad scots , the germans could understand them , and vice versa . 
  `` die tochter melkt die kuh '' is n't all that different from `` the dochter milkit the ku . '', 
  that does n't mean the right solution is to suddenly implement austerity . 
  spending increases are the way forward . 
  and it 's exactly what should be done during times of boom , not bust . 
  they 're right though , austerity was the wrong solution . 
  there are many broken things in this country . 
  but besides that , that sort of `` if it ai n't broke '' attitude leads to stagnation and the acceptance of mediocrity . 
  but why would cameron , a soft pro-europe and a man who once referred to ukip as a party of loonies and fruit cakes ( or something along those lines ) , work with farage , a staunch eurosceptic and somebody who previously stated he would not enter into a coalition with the tories as long as cameron is in charge ? 
  because the uk is a deeply conservative country which holds tradition and precedent to be obscenely important . 
  `` it has always been that way '' should be the national motto . 
  would we though ? 
  who else could they vote for ? 
  well then , go ahead . 
  it 's hardly the electorates ' fault . 
  you ca n't even make a case for that being true . 
  the other meps should do the same . 
  `` powered by [ insert corporate sponsor ] '', 
  only one small aspect of you . 
  i 'm sure you 're sexy . 
  they just sound ... not as good . 
  most of them are actually pretty similar to my own accent , i hear more similarities in my own accent to some general american than between me and somebody from london , but there are just a couple sounds which irk me . 
  and i * love * southern us accents , they 're amongst my favourite accents of all . 
  i know there are a lot of them , but i like all that i 've heard . 
  i 'm not sure i could choose a favourite , but if i had to it would be georgia , sort of ... dukes of hazzard-esque .
