  i 'm pretty sure everyone is saying that the gay people should be offered more protection and those committing crimes in general should be punished and send back asap . 
  with possible meaning when it 's safe within the geneva convention . 
  additionally those people should be put on a blacklist in my personal opinion and forever be refused within europe . 
  might scare some of them into treating others with a bit more respect . 
  3 years is a high limit tho . 
  at least if jail sentences are remotely similar to those in the netherlands you can go on a major robbing spree and beat someone into the hospital and still not get three years if you have a half decent defense attorney . 
  wo n't happen . 
  stroopwafels unite us all !, 
  if u cheer for germany willem will come rip your passport and kick u out . 
  you traitor !, 
  i do n't think most people here would do this . 
  most people in northern and western europe are raised with still a lot of respect for the law . 
  most people would n't go and abuse a system build to help others systematically when they are already offered a lot . 
  i think the main reason these refugees do as they want is because they come from a place where the government and authorities are much less respected and generally super corrupt , they come here with this mindset that it will be the same but with lots of free welfare included not fully understanding that this welfare is build on high taxes by those who work . 
  i 'm not saying that europe has nothing to do with the situation in the middle east . 
  but that was mostly just the us , uk and co. . for example germany who supposedly owes the refugees a lot . 
  has done more to propagate world peace in the past 70 years than possibly any other . 
  i believe that europe should do more to create world peace and to help the refugees . 
  but the argument that the syrian refugees are fleeing from european bombs makes no sense . 
  afaik europe is n't bombing civilians , if they are i hope the people who give these orders will be brought to the hague and convicted . 
  additionally if the countries causing the trouble in the middle east owe these refugees shelter and safe harbour there is half a dozen countries they should be knocking the doors down before coming to many european countries . 
  the us , sa and many other countries have done much much more to create chaos and violence in the middle east than most european countries bearing the brunt of the refugees . 
  sweden , germany , the netherlands austria and others have had little to do with this current situation . 
  yet it 's not the european countries bombing is that made them flee . 
  it 's is that is fleeing which is mostly funded my surrounding islamic countries often brought to power by the us rather than for example germany . 
  in my opinion what we owe them is their basic human rights . 
  food , water healthcare , education for children , freedom of religion , not having to fear a repressive government etc. 
  many of these things they already got in turkey . 
  i do n't think we owe them a fast track into europe where there is often little attempt from their side to integrate or offer something to local population . 
  replying to your second argument of germany not having much choice . 
  they had as much choice as hungary . 
  they choose the same option as hungary which they criticised a week before . 
  the same in the netherlands . 
  and the turks are generally a group that 's well integrated . 
  most work as either taxi drivers or kebab shops . 
  the groups with high crime rate are from the antilles and from morocco . 
  and with especially the moroccans it 's mostly second or third generation dutch born and raised youth that give lots of problems . 
  so for a large part his comment is bs . 
  often in politics people refuse any solution that does n't agree with their proposed solution cause if you agree with a temporary or small step as a solution other parties will just take ur rights away since you already got 1/10th of ur proposition and it obviously did n't work . 
  in most countries it 's an all or nothing game cause as soon as u give in a little . 
  you lost . 
  i read something where refugees said europe owes them because they are fleeing from `` our bombs '' . 
  so it is our fault they are fleeing . 
  i remember a case where a saudi princess got a hotel to renovate for a fortune stayed there for a while with a hundred or so of her entourage . 
  and than tried to run off without paying . 
  and it was called the glorious revolution . 
  that 's why this will be the even more glorious revolution . 
  hungary does n't have to worry . 
  netherlands has had more than enough germany for a lifetime . 
  germany can look but if it tries to touch us we will build a wall . 
  anything higher than our dykes is more than a mild incline . 
  prepare for the even more glorious revolution !, 
  let the glorious king willem take the throne !, 
  what he means is that those companies otherwise would only have small offices in nl . 
  and pay taxes on a much lower profit . 
  by having the european headquarters in nl the companies pay a lower percentage over a much much much bigger profit . 
  it 's like getting 10 % of 100 or 5 % of 1 million . 
  you 'll have to speak up . 
  ca n't hear you from up here . 
  but the name is generally only used in indonesia . 
  and rarely so . 
  none of my malaysian friends know it . 
  and most indonesian friends do n't know either . 
  seems to be an antiquated name for the monkey . 
  i do n't think colonising mars with extremists is a good solution . 
  last time we started a prison colony it grew to be a relatively big and influential place . 
  despite the deadly animals ( dropbears etc ) and the hospitabel land comparable to mars . 
  imagine what will happen when they do n't have to fight against the animals anymore . 
  i have heard lots of people say this . 
  and it is probably true ( even the king got crap for never speaking dutch i seem to recall ) . 
  but would n't many people still consider it an important language . 
  just because they do n't want to / are n't absolutely needed to learn dutch does n't mean they 'd see it as useless . 
  a majority . 
  but as others said . 
  it 's something like 60/40 . 
  do the 40 % not consider dutch an important enough language . 
  or are the 60 % so united ? 
  i 'm just interested in the background since belgium is a very interesting situation for this research . 
  the belgian one seems wrong . 
  why is french on there ? 
  did they just ask flemish people ? 
  did none of the walloon people mention dutch ? 
  we like to compete with someone worthy . 
  the problem is they 'd have to set a european price ( otherwise everyone will use the cheapest country ( probably south east europe ) and start their subscription there . 
  but a european price would either be cheap for the richer countries . 
  or expensive for poorer countries . 
  so they 'd miss out on turnover or customers respectively . 
  could you maybe tell me / pm these services ? 
  i cancelled my netflix several months back because i had seen mostly all i found interesting on the dutch netflix and could n't access us and uk netflix anymore . 
  i think that germany has its hooker game quite well in order tho . 
  is n't there an all u can fuck brothel somewhere . 
  i have no idea what ur implying . 
  except it is n't . 
  german economy is build on small and medium businesses . 
  often businesses that hire locals . 
  the language barrier is a lot higher . 
  and for now the netherlands is still a semi tax haven . 
  and dutch infrastructure is possibly better for international focused business . 
  also . 
  a company can easily find german speaking employees in any part of the netherlands .
