especially in prague . 
  one of the most cultural cities in europe . 
  but if he did n't go to europe for the culture . 
  why did he go ? 
  non translate able to english it says . 
  but yeah . 
  kinda misleading still . 
  the game . 
  sure you will . 
  once everyone is home . 
  invasion nr 2 is probably halfway done already . 
  i hope we wo n't face you in the final . 
  i do n't trust you to play fair after we win . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany will invade just to take the trophy away from us . 
  than what are all those ikea military bases doing around the world ? 
  i thought it was nice to read that at the d-day memorial day in france a few days back . 
  when even though several countries did n't want putin there , the comit\u00e9 said that the role of russia in the liberation was far to great to do such a thing . 
  let 's conquer that small island country sealand , claim it as european soil . 
  and give control of the army to the president of europe who will live there throughout his term . 
  here in the netherlands i believe multiple parties have already said they would not let turkey join the eu . 
  and i can imagine most counties having major parties that agree with this . 
  at the moment the only thing turkey has to offer the eu is a lot of corruption and disregard for human rights and lives . 
  the cheap labour has already entered the eu a long time ago luckily . 
  any language has exceptions . 
  few languages actively culture them . 
  english sticks to the rules relatively well compared to dutch . 
  dutch is harder to learn because the dutch grammar is fucked up . 
  the rule will say one thing . 
  but it 'll have a dozen exceptions . 
  that 's even more low key than dutch . 
  some products . 
  but not that much no . 
  germany . 
  china and us are the biggest trade partners i think . 
  belgium as well . 
  doing business with the french part requires you to speak french . 
  i love it . 
  being dutch i have an almost secret language i can speak with friends and family . 
  and i can speak with almost anyone in english . 
  so people wo n't listen in on my conversations . 
  but i can listen in . 
  seeing that nowadays everyone gets several years of german at high schools . 
  i seriously doubt even the absolute number being higher . 
  the netherlands depends on german trade way more than the other way around . 
  chocolate and fries . 
  some very good roasts as well . 
  and of course the best beers to accompany any food you like . 
  i believe vodafone has a new plan that allows you to take all your minutes/texts/data to any other country they operate in . 
  at least they are offering it in the netherlands i think . 
  dutch and german are two languages that were both derived from the older german languages . 
  if any they 'd both be dialects from the old german languages , not from each other . 
  yet i believe the dutch railroad still has only one shareholder , which is the dutch government . 
  thought i might be mistaking in this . 
  it would probably be the dutch who would drain it . 
  because of us ruling the seas and shit , so we 'd simply plant our flag in first and we 'd be multiple times as big as now . 
  think a lot of dutch people actually like to practice their english as well when speaking with non native speakers . 
  plus people sometimes might think it rude having to spend time helping the other person learn dutch when just doing it in english is much more efficient . 
  all in all there is almost no need to learn dutch in order to live in the netherlands . 
  je hebt meer privacy in noord korea dan in nederland . 
  i think that nobody in need is essential in order to pursue life 's goals . 
  how will you pursue life 's goals when you spend all your time ans effort on surviving and feeding a family . 
  so i do n't think it is superior but it is essential for the other one to be valid for the majority . 
  i think it is a huge difference in culture/values . 
  most countries in southern europe attach a lot more value to enjoying day to day life , whilst the north/western european countries attach more value to leading a productive life and if you work hard , you can have 2 or 3 weeks of holiday to do whatever you want . 
  because of s.e. 
  focusing on their day to day enjoyment , they often work less hard and are more focused on the social aspect . 
  this led to less productivity which is no problem on itself , but the government did use a similar socialist concept as n.e. 
  but in n.e. 
  there is more money and less corruption ( people are more focused on work , you ca n't get away with it as easy ) . 
  it 's just not all that exciting anymore . 
  what they mean is most probably a living income , if you ca n't work , you 'll get enough money from the government that you 'll be able to live . 
  if you get fired , the government will help you till you get a new job . 
  just a socialist system where you wo n't let anyone turn homeless or sick/die because something bad happened to them . 
  we do n't feel superior . 
  we just are superior . 
  now fall back in line you . 
  we do n't like it when someone does n't conform to the dutch standards . 
  definitely , but if you ask most americans whether they 'd be willing to help their neighbor to get treatment for cancer , most of them will say they would and in europe most people will say you ca n't allow anyone to be limited to pursue their dreams/life 's goals . 
  but by putting them up against each other the author creates the image that 35 % of americans think you are allowed to limit peoples freedom and the other way around as well . 
  i think most people will agree that both are really important and it is nearly impossible to choose between the two , but that is not reflected in the stats . 
  true , i just used this example since it is easier to understand in this subreddit . 
  but basically the author is just trying to make the differences between the us/europe even bigger . 
  makes sense . 
  i just think it is a stupid trick by the author to create a europeans are better people then americans view . 
  how come `` nobody in need '' and `` freedom to pursue life 's goals '' are put up against each other whilst if done correctly , they compliment each other . 
  somehow everyone around the world seems to make fun of the dutch language . 
  best part though is that if you speak german abroad , there is always another german within earshot . 
  with dutch probably no-one will know what you 're talking about unless your in flemish belgium or s. africa . 
  i think that is one of those jokes every country has , in the netherlands we have the same with belgium . 
  bloody germans , still slapping us around after 60 years . 
  he was a prince in title . 
  but officially his title was taken away when he got married and there was a special decree that allowed him to still use the title of prince . 
  but that was only on name as a courtesy . 
  `` by the same royal decree the prince was allowed to continue his title ` prince of orange-nassau ' as a personal and non-hereditary title and the style of royal highness . '', 
  according to wiki article . 
  this , especially since prince friso and his wife mable were pretty big supporters of organ donations to save lives , the best thing they could 've done was pull the plug earlier and donated all his organs . 
  would have send a nice message to the people that even though he was born in a royal family he is just another person . 
  in my opinion the fact they spend a lot of money ( which indirectly did come from the dutch people ) to sustain his body is just a bit dumb , yet understandable . 
  technically he was n't a prince anymore , they just allowed him to use the title out of respect . 
  in my opinion the eu should do a lot more to become independent from the us .
