  opening up the german/austrian/swiss markets . 
  dutch infrastructure is a lot better than belgium . 
  possible best or at least top 3 of europe . 
  extensive rail air water and road networks . 
  and as you said . 
  taxes are beneficial together with language proficiency . 
  dutch are nearly all able to speak conversational english ( not necessarily professional level ) and most people have had german and french classes . 
  so hiring local people opens up most of the european markets from one location . 
  finding french speaking or english speaking employees is harder in other european countries . 
  and many other countries like germany require some mastery of the language since english proficiency is n't as widespread . 
  not just germany sadly . 
  most of europe that was a front at some point , of strategic value or just enemy land within bomber range from the uk / germany during ww2 . 
  elective monarchy , vatican city style . 
  france has a problem with unions tho , constant strikes , makes it less practical for companies to settle without extra guarantees from the government . 
  they 'd probably just rent the us army for a day . 
  five years ago turkey was quite a different turkey from today though . 
  like you 'd expect turkey to do turkey has rotten a lot in the past 5 years . 
  people here hate germany ? 
  i 'd say people here hate german politics . 
  as they hate usa politics and 90 % of all politics . 
  its very different to hate or at least very much dislike a country 's politics as opposed to hating a country or its people . 
  of course shitty jokes will be made all the time . 
  it is the internet after all . 
  wilders does n't need to be the biggest party to claim the government does n't represent the people despite a majority of seats in parliament . 
  he 's been yelling its a fake representative government for years . 
  waterschappen . 
  lots to vote for !, 
  she was n't on the plane . 
  she is the secretary of facility matters and the secretary of foreign affairs was the one on the plane . 
  rutte ( the current prime minister ) also wins big . 
  he has shown the dutch population he is willing to stand up against ` tyranny ' . 
  and in next weeks elections he will probably get a lot of people to vote for his party as opposed to wilders ' pvv . 
  the four winners in this debacle are rutte . 
  wilders and denk . 
  we will get some chinese \u00a5 instead . 
  they 're not sticking to country borders . 
  so they could have made it work . 
  benelux and new york state are quite close . 
  and benelux is a more logical border to draw on the map . 
  such a missed opportunity . 
  new york on the netherlands and put new amsterdam where amsterdam is . 
  i upvoted you . 
  not because i agree . 
  but because of the pun . 
  so do n't read too much into the upvotes !, 
  since the video is based on a dutch video . 
  it kinda means you 're nothing without us !, 
  just surrender !, 
  i know about french guyane . 
  additionally saint martin is half dutch . 
  half french . 
  and there are several islands that are still part of the netherlands in the caribbean . 
  north as well ? 
  saint martin ? 
  to be fair . 
  both france and the netherlands are on the same continent as mexico . 
  no need to cross an ocean at least . 
  to be fair . 
  the 7 continents are based on those factors . 
  if you go geographically new zealand would be its own continent . 
  and other stuff . 
  also the netherlands and portugal were major traders in parts of china and ` colonised ' taiwan . 
  maybe the system is quite different in germany . 
  but here in the netherlands . 
  insurance is mandatory . 
  government subsidises the people as well as hospitals . 
  and uninsured people still get emergency care which is paid through taxes . 
  because health is more important than money . 
  afaik kids that are here ` illegally ' still get education because education is a basic right so schools wo n't send a kid away because the parents are n't legal citizens or whatever u call it . 
  as i said . 
  it might be different in germany . 
  but i doubt the problems are insurmountable . 
  for sure . 
  but not every refugee comes to europe for free money . 
  it 's a nice bonus . 
  and i doubt anyone in europe would say no to it regardless of background . 
  but for them a life as ` illegal ' refugee is very similar to life at home . 
  but safer . 
  no extremists that would kill u for no reasons . 
  no torture by police etc. 
  access to some of the best medical care in the world etc. 
  they 're used to not having government support so it 's still a big step forward for them and allows any children they have to have a future in a developed nation . 
  the fact that what they do undermines the fact it 's a developed nation is irrelevant to them because human nature promotes the believe that they are not part of the problem . 
  they are just ` using ' flaws in a system . 
  but ca n't people illegally sublet or live with registered refugees ? 
  there 's lots of work happening under the table . 
  no taxes . 
  no insurance . 
  happens everywhere . 
  medical . 
  if u have an emergency . 
  you will get help . 
  what happens after they save your life . 
  i do n't know . 
  but a hospital is no prison so if the patient runs of and only gave a fake name . 
  hard to find him . 
  its not easy . 
  but many of these people came from difficult situations . 
  so what would stop them from ` surviving ' in a place like germany without registering ? 
  and bavaria ( dutch beer brewery ) is the number two in iran .
