  at the moment to much trade is dependent on us companies and this gives the us to much power . 
  as someone from the netherlands , i 'm already 100 % sure the dutch government is giving the us any info they want , and probably adding some extra info as a gift . 
  in the netherlands there has always been a lot of bureaucracy and a lack of privacy . 
  in the netherlands people everywhere cycle . 
  you have to take into account that amsterdam is a small city with about 800k people . 
  the next 9 cities are between 700 and 400k . 
  but 800k for a capital city in a country of 16.8 million is pretty small . 
  i ca n't think of any place people do n't cycle . 
  and i live about 10 km from the nearest city . 
  4 km from nearest village . 
  which for the dutch is pretty far . 
  yeah . 
  infrastructure is a lot nicer in the netherlands . 
  i live about 5-10 minutes from the border but you know you crossed the border with your eyes closes just by feeling the bumps in the road . 
  i do n't know why the difference is as big since belgium is not a lot less prosperous . 
  agree , the differences are rather big between the two , but from all the other regions in the world , the limburg/n . 
  brabants cultures are probably still the closest , and with the politics in the netherlands only focusing on holland and utrecht and not really caring much about especially noord brabant ( which is one of the most important economical provinces in the netherlands ) a change would be nice . 
  but my first comment was mostly in jest . 
  please join the netherlands , or let noord brabant/limburg join you guys when it works out , i 'd rather be flemish then dutch . 
  and the cultural differences between nb/l and flanders are not that big , both have the burgundian roots . 
  i doubt that nukes would be used against europe , unless some really weird stuff happens . 
  the biggest threats for europe would be the us or russia , china might be a problem , but they would have be attacked by the us immediately , and the us would probably be attacked by china if they attacked europe . 
  europe 's greatest strength is not it 's military capabilities or anything related , it is diplomatic and economic leverage . 
  the eu economy is the biggest in the world . 
  also a lot of european countries are on relatively friendly terms with russia , which would be a defending factor as well . 
  even if a country would n't care about getting another world power into the war , they would n't use nuclear weapons on europe since the entire world would be pretty pissed of , they would easily kill millions directly and several hundred million indirectly due to famine and radiation poisoning . 
  additionally the high number of international citizens is something to consider . 
  the us would n't be able to justify a war when they kill thousands of their own citizens , china might not care as much , but would probably be hesitant as well . 
  they already got busted on that a couple of times did n't they . 
  but they get fined a couple of million and just continue scamming the public out of tens of times the amount . 
  a friend of mine wrote a paper on privacy in the netherlands a few years ago and his conclusion was that in the netherlands we 're worse of privacy wise then something like 90 % of the countries in the world . 
  that is what he told me , i do n't have any sources or anything though . 
  almost as big a risk . 
  probably an even bigger risk . 
  i used to have about 20 of them saved up because i liked them so much . 
  then i decided i wanted to get drunk so i spend them all on beer ... 
  my thinking was . 
  go to the trainstops and airport where the refugees enter the country and put up signs welcome to ( insert eastern european country ) . 
  the ones who continue on are more likely to be legit refugees and the ones who get angry about it or want to leave again are probably not running away from something as they are running towards something . 
  there 's not that many `` indonesian '' people in the netherlands . 
  by far most have a dutch passport or they 're here for study or work . 
  agree . 
  it 's frustrating to see how most eastern countries have just taken up the mentality of just getting them west so they 're not there anymore . 
  refugees/migrants walking on highways , rioting walking on train tracks . 
  if groups of citizens would do this they 'd be arrested and fined . 
  the refugees just get escorted to the next country . 
  i do n't have a solution to the whole problem . 
  but i 'm sure that just shoving the refugees and migrants to the next country and letting them get away with anything is n't gon na help anyone . 
  especially not in the long term . 
  the divide between east and west seems to be growing again which is a shame . 
  the usa mostly loaned . 
  which we could do also . 
  it already happens in many poor countries . 
  risk their lives . 
  work for the government . 
  that does n't equate . 
  but is n't one of the reasons it 's fucked for several decades even if the war settles because people leave . 
  europe was able to rebuilt rapidly after ww2 since people stayed or came back and got financed to rebuild . 
  true . 
  but the thing is refugees will only want to go to northern and western europe and might possibly ( speculation ) sue to get placed in richer countries instead of eastern or southern euroepean countries . 
  in the netherlands people who are to be deported back to their home country just stretch the procedure so long through lawyers that eventually they will get a visa . 
  there 's many loopholes that have to be sorted and in my opinion telling everyone to come in before there 's any plan and infrastructure to handle it will lead to a lot of chaos , misunderstanding and xenophobia . 
  no one knows what to expect and the most powerful woman in europe is semi - inviting everyone to jump on a boat and come to europe where they believe they 'll get everything for free . 
  most probably merkel inviting them is just a political play cause when there 's a million refugees in germany it 's much easier to pressure everyone to take some in . 
  but this way merkel is saying it does n't matter what treaties there are at the moment and what other countries want . 
  and since they they are n't gon na be send back . 
  they will stay in germany . 
  and possibly after obtaining a passport spread over europe . 
  quick google shows its dutch movie . 
  based on dutch book with dutch actors . 
  but the book plays in france . 
  so makes sense the movie is mostly in french . 
  is n't spoorloos a dutch movie tho ? 
  still . 
  belgian beer  bavarian beer . 
  i 'd still take 0.25 l of belgian beer over 0.5 l of most german beers . 
  not completely sure . 
  i believe in general they get rehabilitated as well . 
  albeit with more supervision and i read a while back norway just reviews prison sentence every 5 years after the max time of 30 or so years . 
  if the convict has n't bettered he gets an extra 5 years . 
  if he has changed . 
  he can be released . 
  that some are in the netherlands . 
  my city in the netherlands has its prison filled with belgian prisoners . 
  the general difference is that in western and northern europe prisons are places of rehabilitation not punishment . 
  prisoners are still treated with respect and assisted in becoming decent citizens . 
  it 'd be solved by solely buying access to a proxy site . 
  maybe i just really like flower pots . 
  did u consider that ? 
  can we get some of that sweet norwegian oil money ? 
  and free ikea furniture . 
  and whatever the fins have to offer . 
  lego from the danish of course . 
  on the coffeeshop part . 
  that was a test and got reverted rather quickly . 
  now there is a system where i think cities are allowed to determine their own policy . 
  which afaik means that u have to live in the netherlands to visit a coffee shop . 
  at least in my area . 
  as for the police . 
  i understand what u mean .
