  tho i can not say i see a lot of police in my area outside of special events ( near tilburg and eindhoven ) despite the relatively high amount of drug related crimes . 
  that probably does depend on what area . 
  from what i know germany still does n't allow gay marriage and the drug policy is n't as open . 
  both the netherlands and germany are quite liberal on a global level tho . 
  so differences are small . 
  but i 'd love to hear ur opinion/arguments . 
  benelux already has some quite elaborate cooperation . 
  also military , joint trade missions to the usa etc. 
  although the netherlands and germany are working together militarily a lot as well . 
  i think a dutch german battalion under german control and a joint naval fleet under dutch control . 
  as well as dutch tanks being rented from germany . 
  dutch federalise with the germans ? 
  only if they learn dutch and swear fealty to king willem van oranje nassau . 
  also . 
  i think belgium would never federalise with the netherlands even if germany is involved since there is still some anti dutch sentiment as in the belgians are ( rightfully ) proud of their independence from the netherlands and already get a lot of pressure from the netherlands . 
  politics and economically benelux and germany being federalised together would make sense ( although germany is quite conservative comparatively ) but the dutch and belgians definitely would object since they would draw the short end of such a deal . 
  as for austria and luxembourg i ca n't say much how they 'd see it since i 'm not at all familiar with political or societal factors there . 
  italy is well known for its pasta and pizza but i doubt many people can name any restaurants in italy . 
  throw it on 4chan . 
  i 'm sure they would enjoy reporting insults . 
  just to counter argument . 
  the netherlands has a large indonesian group and apart from decades ago the train hostage situation ( which was a response to broken promises by the governmemt ) there has been no terrorist attacks . 
  despite indonesia being the largest muslim population in the world . 
  i think the reason is because in south east asia the prevalent form of islam is a lot more influenced by western culture ( so i 've been told ) and more compatible . 
  so i would say it is at least as much a middle eastern culture problem as islam although i recognise they are closely interwoven . 
  and the arresting officer being placed under scrutiny . 
  and the dutch government apologising to the diplomat . 
  the children 's rights are holy in the netherlands . 
  unless your parents are powerful . 
  there was a discussion about diplomats and traffic violations in the netherlands not that long ago . 
  research showed foreigners never pay fines in the netherlands . 
  but the dutch diplomats generally pay their tickets as a show of good faith . 
  seeing how russian diplomats can beat up their children in public in the netherlands and get away with it ( arresting officer getting reprimanded ) . 
  i 'd say it takes a lot for a diplomat to cause grounds for a diplomatic incident . 
  this did cause a minor incident but it basically ended with the netherlands apologising to russia for arresting a child beater . 
  so he kinda misplaced 40 or so billion euros ? 
  `` placed outside his control '' . 
  and many european countries still make a lot of money on military research and production . 
  belgium is one of the largest weapon manufacturers . 
  sweden also . 
  afaik the netherlands makes several very important guidance systems for missiles and it would n't surprise me if several dutch companies do n't also make a lot of money on us navy contracts . 
  we do n't get us money to research . 
  but we do get a lot when we research something ourselves . 
  we get most of the economic benefits of a large military yet almost none of the negative economic effects . 
  yes . 
  but nk would n't give a damn about murdering up to almost ten million swedes . 
  sweden would n't ever consciously murder millions of civilians . 
  additionally the only way for sweden to invade nk would be through sea . 
  china or south korea would never allow their ground to be used . 
  and nk is semi prepared to defend from the sea . 
  in the end with drones and stuff . 
  it might be a stalemate . 
  but i seriously doubt sweden would be able to invade glorious korea . 
  my argument is that islam is n't very different from christianity or judaism and blaming it on the religion itself instead of the different streams is illogical . 
  ( we do n't refer to anything westboro baptist does by christianity ) . 
  i believe it 's more the middle eastern culture influencing how they practice islam and for what purpose they use it as opposed to islam influencing the culture into being what it is . 
  even tho i do recognise that islam has had a large influence in forming the culture a thousand years ago . 
  in other words as i said it 's not an islam problem . 
  its a cultural problem even tho part is influenced by their version of islam it 's not entirely defined by it . 
  and blaming it on islam is incorrect . 
  islam is heavily tied into the culture yeah . 
  but it is n't the part that 's wrong . 
  indonesia is the largest muslim country in the world but there 's less people that went to syria there than in the uk . 
  it 's not islam that 's the problem but fundamentalism . 
  but if the survey gives these 11 metrics they measure . 
  would n't it be them saying yes or no on 11 questions in the style of . 
  have u ever had sex against your will . 
  have u ever been hit kicked slapped ? 
  have u ever been insulted or degraded ? 
  this would negate a lot of whether they think it is abuse or not would it not ? 
  which both relate to budgeting as i stated . 
  u say there 's enough teachers but to much work load . 
  in other words . 
  they manage . 
  but more teachers are needed so the average work load goes down . 
  but several statistics say they are based on 11 set factors . 
  where ( i just compared the netherlands with the average ) there was still an above average number . 
  is this due to the culture not acknowledging it as abuse and therefore despite the criteria say no to the survey question ? 
  with a lot of countries it 's mostly just people not holding the right knowledge . 
  at the moment here in the netherlands construction industry is still doing terrible . 
  lots of unemployment . 
  at the same time there 'd industry estimates that between now and 2020 or 2030 there is a need for 200.000 to 400.000 engineers . 
  same with it in many countries . 
  there 's enough people that are able to service a computer network for a company . 
  there 's not enough computer engineers creating the systems and infrastructure for it . 
  another problem is lack of funding . 
  the dutch healthcare is understaffed ( they do a great job but there 's often to much pressure on the people ) yet there 's not enough money to hire enough nurses etc. 
  same is for education . 
  lack of qualified good teachers . 
  lack of funds to attract good qualified teachers and help them develop their skills . 
  probably not illiterate . 
  but under most european countries ' laws they 're not doctors since their qualifications are n't accepted here . 
  in noord brabant i could still qualify this as a cold spring day . 
  8 degrees or so . 
   or amended later  that can be said about any bad law . 
  `` yes this law allows for the murder of children under 2 on a tuesday , but do n't worry it can be amended later '' . 
  it 's no defense of it . 
  also , the more entrenched commercial practices founded upon current nn regulation become , the stronger the `` preservation of industry '' arguments by lobbyists will be if and when amendments are considered . 
  `` but think how many tech jobs will be lost if we ca n't prioritize x service on our network ! '', 
  additionally in politics there is much more motivation to pass new laws than ammend older ( especially recent ones ) since it seems more productive and ammending recent laws is like admitting you were wrong .
