ugh the extreme german guilt continues on . 
  most of the population of germany is n't alive from the pre-1945 era and you act as guilty as though it happened yesterday . 
  sad . 
  no , incorrect . 
  just leave them in syria or libya since they wanted to pose as refugees . 
  if they wanted to pretend so badly , now they can live it . 
  well no european nation should be forced to keep them just because those people broke the law . 
  find out their national origins and send them back . 
  if they refuse to answer where they came from , send them to libya or syria and let them worry about themselves from there . 
  a crisis like this requires serious and fast action . 
  jaysus what a mess . 
  the french government has allowed this to carry on for far too long . 
  these people are illegally in the country , they should all be deported although i know the government does n't have the chops to do so , sadly . 
  she is n't very right-wing or conservative when it came to the migrant crisis . 
  the population of early member nations had no say . 
  back then it was an economic community and i feel if people knew what the eec would turn into , they would have never voted in favour of joining it . 
  it 's not `` playing the ww2 trauma card '' , it 's just a fact . 
  the amount of self-hatred and guilt the native german population has is ridiculous . 
  most of the current population of your country was n't even alive during the war , move on and stop with the `` we have to make up for our past '' attitude . 
  it 's literally destroying europe . 
  edit : a word, 
  so now germany is enforcing it ? 
  that law has been in place for years and yet the amount of asylum seekers ireland has from the african continent confuses me . 
  there are 0 direct flights from anywhere in africa to anywhere in ireland . 
  the dublin law should have always been enforced , though sadly that 's not the case . 
  the flag of malta has a cross on the white portion . 
  r/unitedkingdom is n't tired of upvoting daily this is why the uk is dying !, 
  ever since the brexit results came in . 
  look there on a daily basis and are all upvoted to the front page . 
  it 's both sides at it . 
  you see the same here too . 
  i see a lot more `` wow , populists look like they are losing steam !!!!! '', 
  posts on the front page here than anything else . 
  13 upvotes 60 % upvoted , speaks for itself . 
  looks like you 're a bit off . 
  election results are at the bottom of the opinion polling . 
  they over performed the opinion polling though . 
  this sub wo n't like this , insta-downvotes is how they 'll hide it . 
  i 'm originally from 8km away from the border with the north , you 're in slovakia . 
  i think i know who might know more about the topic . 
  still money better spent rather than importing over a million people and housing and clothing them for the rest of their lives . 
  but no , let 's talk about this ad on a train !, 
  all i 'm saying is you 're talking out of your hole when you bring up the ira . 
  there was a whole civil rights movement in the north of ireland that was a direct result of british rule , it was more than a religious thing . 
  the ira did n't do things based on religious ideology which is something that is unique to isis and europe 's religious ideology ( muslim ) problem . 
  please stop spewing shite . 
  edited a word, 
  bringing the ira into it ? 
  what a nonsensical comparison . 
  there are n't even similar lines you can draw . 
  95 % of all acts were contained to the occupied 6 counties ( the north of ireland ) . 
  seeing clueless people bringing up the ira when talking about europes muslim problem makes me roll my eyes . 
  edited a word, 
  more importantly though , who paid for the wall ? 
  sports are the only time germans are able to openly show passion for the country in some form and that passion mainly just is for the team . 
  waving a flag otherwise is frowned upon . 
  patriotism is n't encouraged there , that 's what i 'm getting at . 
  the guilted germans of today are anything but nazis , waving a german flag is frowned upon within the country for fuck sake . 
  the clown in turkey should take a look at himself in the mirror before hurling around the word nazi . 
  disgrace we had to `` earn '' the vote on our own island . 
  more like the brits were arseholes and did n't care if the irish lived or died . 
  thankfully we 've both built better relationships since . 
  took what , over half a millennia for home rule to even be seriously considered . 
  fair play !, 
  that is why i said near-modern and not modern . 
  i 'd class the 20th century as modern european history . 
  nice attempt at jumping the gun on me though . 
  braveheart worked out beautifully although that was from a different corner of europe . 
  i think a film based on the collapse of the byzantine empire & the fall of constantinople in 1453 from the greek point of view would be an epic film if it had a big budget . 
  i honestly think mel gibson behind the reigns of the film would be brilliant . 
  from what i understand it 's more the northern italian city states that fucked over the byzantines . 
  granted , those city states were fighting under a papal cause . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  all of that said , that crusade was the biggest blunder in near-modern european history imo . 
  but they were n't . 
  they could have named themselves whatever they liked but they were turks as far as the leadership , religion , and the culture was concerned . 
  sure , they tolerated orthodoxy but they taxed people practising it . 
  edited a letter, 
  i 'd have thought welsh more of the `` keyboard smashing '' language to be fair . 
  this bloke is an utter clown . 
  on par with verhofstadt and schulz . 
  eu federalists of the highest order that despise the idea of nationstate democracy . 
  of course this shite sub would love what they have to say but your average citizen in most eu member states are against any further integration or federalisation . 
  enough with these clowns that despise their own nations . 
  jaysus it 's lighthearted . 
  knock off the triggering . 
  meh , it 's just a bit of craic, 
  `` just britain '' * triggered *, 
  also , how long did it take the german media to report on the sexual assaults and rapes across germany last year ? 
  thanks to government suppression they tried to withhold real news from the people until it finally leaked out . 
  merkel and her government have n't a leg to stand on crying about `` fake news '' . 
  i have to say though , the amount of people in the thread applauding this is shocking , i suppose it 's mostly `` oh anyone that raises legitimate concerns about open borders are literally nazis '' types that have long been brainwashed/guilted by their government . 
  for all this talk of `` fake news '' i struggle to remember anything i 've read that would be considered false . 
  not saying fake news is n't out there but i do n't think it 's as prevalent as the ( often wrong ) mainstream media portrays . 
  and what qualifies as `` fake news '' to the german government ? 
  someone critical of merkel 's open door policy ? 
  someone not pounding afd hard enough in the newspapers as being ** literally the next brown shirts ? 
  ** i truly struggle to understand what the point of this law is other than to silence people that do n't agree with the government and the media that are closely in toe with the german government . 
  he 's a heavily brainwashed german i suppose . 
  anything that `` against bad/different thoughts ! '',
