  yep because the religious beliefs of the people in government in poland is equal to radical islamism . 
  completely accurate . 
  as for number 3 , sweden did n't get involved in syria yet they got attacked . 
  as for the rest , it comes down to not opening their borders to migrants . 
  make all the excuses you like but that 's the sole reason poland does n't deal with terror threats . 
  1 ) meh it 's not a big deal whatsoever . 
  2 ) this is n't worth the outrage that the sub is making it out to be . 
  one person got left out . 
  i 'd bet it 's a mistake . 
  there 's not some personal vendetta against the government of luxembourg . 
  you people are so dramatic . 
  anything to rage over trump . 
  ca n't be a mistake . 
  has to be homophobia somehow , right r/europe ? 
  jaysus you 're so off your rocker . 
  you 're the type that believes that if we love them a little bit harder and open up to them a bit more that this will all stop . 
  the fact that you are unhappy with people calling out islamic terror instead of being understanding as to why people are tired of locations in europe being attacked says a lot about yourself . 
  you 've no cop on . 
  all of your points of view are based on `` ah sure be more tolerant lads ! '', 
  how long until the germans and swedes on here start upvoting posts blaming the russians for this ? 
  * soon *, 
  so much shouting about `` muh nazis '' in here . 
  i see this sub has n't learned . 
  not everyone you disagree with is `` nazi '' . 
  a swede concerned about who does & does n't belong ? 
  the irony . 
  looks like you triggered the lefties . 
  i think the us soccer fa was called the us football fa once upon a time , still did n't make that the most prevalent name for the sport in the country though . 
  although i must say people in the bigger cities have started calling soccer football . 
  in ireland we call it soccer because we already have our own football . 
  that said a lot of people call our own football `` gaelic '' . 
  muh altright propaganda bots . 
  talking about having to come up with better arguments . 
  lol . 
  soros was an actual nazi collaborator . 
  so now anyone that bashes soros ( a guy that worked with the nazis ) is a neo-nazi ? 
  the mental gymnastics are strong with this one . 
  who mentioned non-eu members and who said other nations do n't matter ? 
  you 're attempting to make a point over something i was n't even discussing . 
  the boogeymanning of russia is unlike anything i 've ever seen . 
  do people really think russia would invade a eu member nation ? 
  if you do , you 've been listening to too much fear mongering . 
  nonsense . 
  so every single member of the eu has to agree with the nonsensical policy of open borders ? 
  you 're having a laugh . 
  the eastern european nations are the only ones with a bit of sense on that topic . 
  so importing millions of migrants was a good decision ? 
  i think hungary is right to call out the eu . 
  no local german singers at all ? 
  that 's pretty sad . 
  too infested with tourists and not my style . 
  also 4 out of the 6 counties have a catholic majority population wise whereas those two more populated counties in the east ( down & antrim ) are the ones with protestant majorities . 
  the ice cream scene at the vatican is the best . 
  by all means i 'm in favour of peaceful protests , nothing against that . 
  the man is a provocateur and only grows with the petrol the left throws on his fire . 
  personally i 'm not a fan of the two party system but in the us the whole thing is designed around it that if that system was to ever be altered you 'd need to change everything else . 
  the way things stand currently if there is a serious 3 or 4 way battle for the presidency but no one gets to 270 electoral votes then the senate decides the winner which then puts it in the hands of whichever of the 2 parties are dominant in the senate . 
  it 's fairly shite . 
  and the thing is , the desire for a multiple party system is there because you have multiple ideological bases inside each party . 
  bernie did n't represent where the dnc stood and donald did n't represent where the gop stood . 
  pretty much yeah , i agree , the two party system is a joke . 
  sure , but i 'll only be downvoted but here it goes . 
  he 's definitely an attention seeker but he shines a much needed light on the toxic levels of regressivism at universities . 
  the people that shut down his speeches are only giving him more of a voice whether they like him or not , and if they did n't like him they should stop giving him so much attention by rioting and protesting against his speaking events . 
  this sub is full of far-left people for the most part . 
  the responses you receive will be predictable bashing of the guy with anyone not doing so being downvoted . 
  what about those areas that have been sealed off since ww1 ? 
  are those areas fairly vast ? 
  i read an article once about it . 
  what 's wrong with a nation wanting to preserve its culture and identity ? 
  that 's not being `` xenophobic '' that 's called being sensible . 
  i could be very wrong but was n't that area offered back to germany during reunification talks or am i making that up ? 
  point taken . 
  usually i do n't think people have our brand of football in mind when asking questions like these though . 
  you 'd be surprised the low amount of people that even know our sport exists . 
  that said , i do see where you 're coming from . 
  gaelic football is more popular than hurling and i 'd argue it 's the most popular sport in the country . 
  perhaps neck and neck with rugby and soccer . 
  does `` british isles '' not exclude that massive sovereign nation right next door to you ? 
  is n't that what all the migrants are ? 
  doctors , lawyers , teachers , etc. 
  i know leo is the new man in charge but what about enda ? 
  was he bi or tri lingual ? 
  i 'd imagine he 'd at least know irish and a bit of english . 
  rightfully so too . 
  our government does n't recognise the term and neither does the british government when it comes to speaking with their irish counterparts . 
  britain & ireland is more sensible and applicable . 
  older people in/around monaghan call it `` bob '' some times . 
  `` it cost me a lock of bob . '', 
  ( `` lock '' meaning few ), 
   40 to 50 thousand can be in hiding fuck me . 
  that 's a disaster waiting to happen . 
  there 's no easy and direct solution . 
  it will be something that gets worked out over time . 
  japan is going through it right now . 
  and what they 're doing is letting the situation work itself out instead of opening the borders to the third world . 
  something europe should look into as well although we all know that wo n't happen . 
  the eu is hellbent on open borders at all costs and do n't give a damn about the birth rates of the native populations of each member nation . 
  we do n't need any . 
  what needs to happen is for the birth rates among the native populations to increase .
