  you can use my sister . 
  ahh now i see where you 're coming from . 
  i asked because i watched a video of those lorry drivers dealing with the hassle and abuse waiting to cross the channel whilst in calais and thought to myself `` it has to be worth it for them , salary wise , to put up with this nonsense . '', 
  now , after reading some of the replies it seems like it 's not worth it for the apparent low wages . 
  this is r/askeurope , is it not ? 
  personally speaking i 'd love the north back , but that 's just me . 
  they do indeed . 
  used to cross the border from monaghan into tyrone or armagh all the time to shop for groceries . 
  they 'd take my euro . 
  it would be a bad place because you already know what the answer would be . 
  you would n't get much varying opinion and if you do get it you 'll find it at the bottom where it has been downvoted . 
  same happens on questions when people ask `` what do you think of an eu-army ? '', 
  and all the comments are talking about how grand it 'd be and the dissenters are down at the bottom , same goes for any questions related to politics . 
  my point is it 's pointless to ask political related questions on this sub because you already know what the majority of replies will be , hence my `` bad place '' remark . 
  it 's really not complicated . 
  this place is n't as `` diverse '' as you make it seem . 
  it 's mostly frequented by the same demographic regardless as to what nation in europe they come from . 
  young , uni students with 7 times out of 10 of them having a left wing slant . 
  look at r/unitedkingdom , r/ireland , r/northernireland , and r/de for example . 
  most of them are lefties . 
  r/ireland constantly upvotes posts asking `` why do right leaning people post on this sub ? '', 
  and is full of pro-eu stuff all the time and if anyone speaks against the eu they get downvoted to hell , same thing with r/uk and r/ni . 
  r/de is another leftist sub . 
  my point is , of course everyone is entitled to their opinion but can you pull the wool from over your eyes for a moment and admit that most europeans on reddit are left leaning , pro-eu ? 
  if you are both of those things then you ca n't possibly be a nationalist . 
  this sub is a bad place to ask since the majority here are left wing anti-nationalists & pro-eu federalists . 
  which is weird because most of the pro-eu federalists would decry nationalism all day long and then fill the void left by having no passion in ones nation with blind pro-eu ideology . 
  odd . 
  it 's a real disgrace that the turks still occupy the northern bit of cyprus . 
  they do n't belong there . 
  thank you for admitting the land is rightfully ours in your first sentence . 
  the difference with the examples you listed is that almost 50 % of the population is from an irish background . 
  in those other countries the rightful people to those lands got expelled . 
  utter nonsense . 
  play as much mental gymnastics as you like but there 's no way to you can turn the point i raised above into `` well , the northern piece of your island actually belongs to us . '', 
  you may have sent people over to change the demographics via the plantations but no matter what you that does n't make the northern piece of ireland not irish . 
  well our missing region was n't exactly sold , stolen more like . 
  try answering my questions . 
  attaching fox or right leaning thought to nazism is comical . 
  sorry but i never want to become someone like yourself , shout the word `` nazi '' at anything you disagree with . 
  that 's childish . 
  following your example . 
  sweet deflection . 
  mental gymnast . 
  scroll up ya wisearse . 
  address how the deliberate censorship of the media by the german & amp ; swedish governments are n't more `` nazi '' like than just simple conservative opinion on fox news . 
  put up or shut up . 
  no nonsensical drivel either . 
  clown . 
  you do nothing but dodge actual points . 
  a true leftist . 
  shout `` nazi '' at anything you do n't like . 
  leftism is toxic . 
  says the clown that accuses anything he does n't like as being nazi stmpathisers . 
  partly my fault , i should have read the full body of your post . 
  kind of just skimmed it . 
  as for trying to get to what you asked , i think it 's ( as in racially based pride ) ridiculous to be honest . 
  i do n't get the pride in your race thing regardless as to what race it is . 
  i understand feeling pride for ones nation , and in a lot of instances that pride happens to be shared with common people from that nation but to strictly advocate on a racial basis is crazy . 
  within every race there are divisions ( religion , nationality , etc ) . 
  maybe i 'm rambling but pride in race does n't matter to me , in my opinion it 's all about pride in ones nation . 
  this . 
  that 's what i tell my mates whenever they come over to ireland to visit if they 're worried about being slagged off . 
  just say you 're canadian . 
  irish tend to hate the americans so just saying you 're canadian avoids any issues . 
  nationalism does n't equal white supremacist . 
  there are nationalists in nations on every continent . 
  i 'm passionate towards my nation and consider myself to be nationalistic but i 'm not a racist , i treat everyone the same , with decency and respect . 
  loving ones country is n't anything to do with `` white supremacism '' , i know the media loves spinning things that way and i know practically everyone on here is left wing but do n't get sucked into that belief . 
  fuck right off . 
  who do you think you are ? 
  because i 'm not a lefty and i 'm calling you out on your nonsensical drivel i 'm a yank ? 
  whatever you say . 
  another nice deflection from the point i raised twice now . 
  you 'd be suitable sitting next to martin schulz in the eu parliament , you both are keen on talking out of your hole . 
  fox news are the nazis . 
  whatever you say . 
  nice deflection from the points i raised about the german & swedish government forcing the media to censor stories . 
  that sounds very nazi-like to me . 
  keep on ignoring that fact though . 
  fox news are the real `` nazis '' though , keep drinking that shite because it 's making you lose your marbles . 
  you said nazi . 
  i fail to see `` nazi '' . 
  if you really want to play that card i think the german government suppressing news in 2016 is more dangerous and oppressive than simply being exposed to conservative opinion on tv but you obviously think conservative opinion is `` extreme '' and `` nazi '' - like which is scary . 
  also the swedish government are very restrictive about media reports criticising their migrant policy over the years . 
  you 're out of touch with reality . 
  i do n't associate `` nazi '' with media just like i do n't associate communism/nutty leftism with msnc for example . 
  i just say i disagree with what they say without applying shite buzzword labels . 
  perhaps you should try the same . 
  it does matter because i do n't think you know what those words actually mean . 
  there is nothing national socialist related or fascist related about the outlet . 
  sad you think anything that does n't align with the left/extreme left is hitler related . 
  i do n't even really watch the channel to be honest but i 'm tired of nonsensical buzzwords and smears being thrown around without any warranting . 
  you just throw those words around . 
  not everyone you disagree is `` fascist '' or a `` nazi '' . 
  edited a word, 
  the fact you just throw around the word `` nazi '' is scary . 
  i think it 's lost all actual meaning in the 21st century thanks to clueless people tossing it around . 
  well to be fair yous are more like us than you are the english . 
  just sayin ',
