  should be silenced !, 
  we all know this law ( if it passed ) would be used to hack down anyone critical of the open border policy and other controversial decisions made by the german government . 
  very nazi-esque but kind of in reverse since this law is * supposedly * well intentioned meanwhile it 's something out of mid - '30s germany . 
  well you insist on `` british isles '' , yet it 's a term neither the irish nor the british government use . 
  so much for `` real-world usage '' . 
  great britain & ireland is much more apt and accurate . 
  cheers for telling me how to describe myself . 
  you seem to know an awful lot , or at least you think you do . 
   southern irish should n't you lot , our neighbours , be a bit more aware that we 're called `` irish '' . 
  irish in the north or the south are both the same brand of irish . 
  no chance at all . 
  it 'll be dependent on whoever owns it for our lifetimes and beyond . 
  i 'd still like it back though , 
  jaysus , that bloke is a blathering idiot . 
  he 's unbearable if you watch him on youtube at the eu parliament constantly shout across the room out of turn . 
  he should n't be getting fawned over whatsoever . 
  solving this would be an ecumenical matter . 
  why should europe have to accommodate any outsiders ? 
  you talk as though it 's a duty . 
  perhaps to you germans it may be a duty due to your seemingly never ending guilt from ww2 , but to ruin europe again with an open border just because you feel badly for people is dangerous and foolish . 
  so no , the eu * should n't * accommodate any of these benefit hunters . 
  most of them are from countries not even at war yet merkel 's eu has the navies of europe patrolling the mediterranean picking up everyone they see . 
  shameful . 
  want to be helpful ? 
  go over to the refugee camps for the actual refugees in the middle east and lend your time . 
  eastern europe seems to have the right idea . 
  sweden is laughable as per usual . 
  this sub does n't care about that . 
  in their eyes it 's all just `` muh populists '' and `` muh one issue party '' . 
  the fact that the germans on here act as though there is n't some serious issue with migrants makes me scratch my head . 
  a lot of people living in dream world on this sub . 
  lol . 
  what an amazing retort . 
  you really showed him !, 
  forget about brits not knowing anything about india and other parts of asia , most of them have n't a clue about their role in ireland and a scary amount do n't have any knowledge about northern ireland whatsoever . 
  must be a lot of selective teaching going on in english schools . 
  and in my part of the country ( monaghan ) they shut down the hospital entirely and `` invested '' in an ambulance service . 
  this ambulance service can take over an hour to get to you and its job is to bring you to louth or cavan which is another hour in either direction from me . 
  if you 're in serious trouble and need to be at a hospital right away then you 're fucked . 
  i believe they opened monaghan general back up for very minor things but the entire thing is a joke . 
  the amount of closed garda stations and the lack of a local hospital really is sad . 
  talking about summer break ? 
  i found the clueless 13 year old . 
  ach aye clearly , sock puppet . 
  muh reee 4 years and next to zero karma . 
  that 's all , sock puppet . 
  obvious sock puppet account is obvious . 
  sweet sock puppet account . 
  lol . 
  the good ol snooping through the post history . 
  nice tolerant leftist . 
  i think you 've invalidated yourself with your spewing of fake news . 
  mother jones is a rag . 
  ** you neo nazi alt right islamophobic homophobic bigot . 
  muh david duke and richard spencer **, 
  that 's not proof of anything . 
  that 's a hit piece article by a far-left outlet . 
  i mean proof . 
  actual proof . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm still waiting on proof of your outlandish claim . 
  of course the mindless leftists on this sub would upvote your drivel . 
  now where 's your proof ? 
  show me that miller and spencer had any kind of dialogue at all . 
  i 'm still waiting . 
  you 're all talk with zero evidence . 
  ** muh alt right . 
  muh soldiers of odin **, 
  can i have proof that stephen miller has ever even said as much as `` hello '' to richard spencer ? 
  ** the russians are literally about to invade eu member nations . 
  quick !, 
  everyone panic !, 
  i 'll take '60s paris thank you very much . 
  no no no they are all doctors and lawyers . 
  especially the ones coming from north africa , they 're the expert surgeons . 
  that 's what i was told . 
  muh alt right wanting sensible immigration policies and border control is n't `` alt right '' . 
  stop throwing around buzzwords . 
  ah yes , a person that stalks people 's post history . 
  tolerant lad you are . 
  if you ca n't make a reasonable retort it 's best to bring up where they post , eh ? 
  sad really . 
  a. ... tornado ? 
  surely that is very uncommon for the netherlands , right ? 
  have to love the ever tolerant r/de lefties that openly admit to stalking your post history . 
  they call out where you post although they more than likely post to left wing extremist subs . 
  verhofstadt is an arsehole of the highest degree . 
  always shouting across the room out of turn at people he disagrees with . 
  of course this sub loves him . 
  you swedes will take in all the refugees from any revolution , right ? 
  curry my yoghurt can cola, 
  that 's what the new migrants are for . 
  population replacement . 
  simple as that . 
  that 'll be an ecumenical matter . 
  if you really ca n't see the problem with radical islam in the 21st century in europe and the nearly all peaceful ( as far as terror goes ) christians in europe in the 21st century then you 're lying to yourself . 
  one group has proclaimed a holy war , the other has not . 
  ca n't believe how you are willingly blind . 
  but they do n't have more in common . 
  you 're talking out of your hole and are only saying that because you disagree with right wing government .
