  question : how would a latin american spanish name differ from a spain spanish name ? 
  just curious since i do n't know the language nor the customs . 
  point taken . 
  i 'm just of the opinion that the further integration of the eu should be stopped and more power handed back to the member states . 
  i 'd also love to see the euro cease to exist . 
  i 'm sure you do n't share my view but i 'm just explaining where i 'm coming from . 
  i do not believe in a eu superstate and am scared of a europe dominated by leaders that advocate for open borders ( juncker , merkel , schulz , etc ) . 
  pardon my ignorance but what does o7 reference ? 
  edit : ah i see it now , cheers lads . 
  i 'm a bit slow today . 
  i find the free movement of people to be ridiculous . 
  i think the fishing regulations are terrible . 
  i think their emission regulations are excessive . 
  you might not agree with the points i raise but i have my reasons . 
  at the end of the day i just do n't think outside organisations should have any say whatsoever inside independent sovereign nations . 
  that is one aspect i did n't think about , conscription . 
  i suppose if at some point if just about everyone is conscripted for a while then that would eliminate the `` thanks for your service '' type of mentality . 
  i forgot to disable inbox notifications for this post so when i saw this one in my inbox i was thinking `` why are you saying this about me ? 
  :( '' lol . 
  you raise valid points and i ca n't say i disagree with anything you wrote but i just feel that the final job of the eu is to kill nationalism for ones nation and replace it with some weird super-state nationalism ( if i can use that term ) for the eu . 
  look at martin schulz in the eu parliament for example , or your former leader guy verhofstadt , those are the types of super-state nationalism i 'm referring to . 
  at the end of the day , i want all of the european nations to be friends but i do n't like the idea of brussels or courts in luxembourg overruling national parliaments and coming out with ridiculous regulations . 
  i 'm happy enough with ireland being ... ireland . 
  we 're a neutral nation , always have been . 
  we do n't want any part of an eu army . 
  i would much rather be ruled from an out of touch dublin instead of a very , very out of touch brussels ( no offence to you , i 'm just talking about eu rule strictly ), 
  what throws you off with the irish accent ? 
  i see it 's not on the list . 
  no it is not . 
  i 'm a supporter of sovereign nation states . 
  i know my opinion seems to be a controversial/minority view on here but i like my country being the way it is , or was . 
  a smorgasbord of clusterfuck . 
  just one ... more ... straw ... * breaks the back *, 
  sounds like that will be an ecumenical matter . 
  seeing that train map makes me sad . 
  it 's a disgrace that they ripped up the train lines and tore down all the bridges in monaghan and through the rest of that part of the country years ago . 
  rail running through there would be of great benefit . 
  edit : the fuck are the downvotes about ? 
  because i said ripping down the railways of ireland was a bad idea ? 
  not at all . 
  the yanks are of no threat to the culture of european nations imo . 
  globalisation and the importation of the third world is . 
  depending on where you are in the us there are irish community centres that usually offer irish language classes . 
  those centres are in nyc , i know that for sure . 
  those are the best way to go if you want to dig into the language . 
  i was never any good at irish . 
  i 've tried the duo lingo but most of the phrases are n't even voiced . 
  i just find it rather useless to be honest . 
  sadly it 's my best exposure to the language ( that i know of ) because i currently reside in the states . 
  duo lingo needs to implement this much more often . 
  no use knowing the words if you do n't know the case . 
  i 've been learning german . 
  trying to figure out whether to use der , die , or das sucks though but the rest of it seems fairly straight forward . 
  can we have it back pretty please ? 
  reread my post . 
  i never said that . 
  i 'm just talking about how it 's kind of funny that hardly any brits on your island even give a toss or know anything about the north . 
  edit because i worded my original weirdly . 
  as an irishman it makes me chuckle a bit that the average brit has no real idea about the north of ireland whether it be the history , politics , etc yet the majority of people in the north supposedly `` feel '' british . 
  i 'm not even trying to get political or try and sound like a smartarse . 
  the whole thing kind of puts me in mind of the mad men `` but i do n't think think of you at all '' meme . 
  personally i think schulz is unbearable . 
  the man is so guilted and self-hating of his german nationality that he fills the void with fanatic eu federalism . 
  i suppose i 'm flattered you lads copied r/the _ donald though . 
  i notice you have an italy flair so i have a question . 
  do people from san marino have any kind of noticeably different accent compared to the parts of italy that surround it ? 
  rural ireland is still doing fairly shite sadly . 
  one thing my uncle always says is `` they talk about the celtic tiger but it never came here . '', 
  during the boom years . 
  it 's pretty much the same story around monaghan anyway . 
  i surely hope not . 
  eastern german by chance ? 
  in ireland it 's a pretty grueling process . 
  you have to know about specific parts under the bonnet . 
  if you take your drivers exam in an automatic , you can only drive an automatic ( vice versa for taking an exam in a manual ) . 
  in the states you just take a quick eye test , short road test and you get a license . 
  where does your country stand when it comes to the process ? 
  edit : i 'm forgetting a good bit of the irish process , been a while since i went through it . 
  i know in ireland they 're just viewed as the lads that escort bank trucks on the way to the banks to protect against any nonsense . 
  they also deactivate/dispose of bombs if any are located . 
  no one really thinks twice about people being in the service or thinks twice about being a veteran of the service for the most part . 
  on the other hand , you have the us where military members and veterans are highly looked up to and thanked for their service . 
  nothing wrong with either scenario in my opinion . 
  so that leads to my question , how is military service ( including veterans of the military ) looked upon in your nation ? 
  i ask because belgium seems like an odd case when it comes to nationalism . 
  obviously i 'm an outsider looking in so i apologise if i come off sounding like an arsehole but it seems like most belgians are n't nationalistic but the ones who are passionate towards their identity seem to be favourable towards either the walloon or flemish sides . 
  i ca n't recall ever seeing someone being nationalistic towards belgium as a whole . 
  do those people exist ? 
  if they do , would they outnumber the people that are nationalistic towards the two regions ? 
  awkwardly worded question , i know but the inner workings of the mindset of belgians has me curious . 
  edited a few words, 
  i 'd imagine that it is rigourous and a lengthy process . 
  anyone have details ? 
  side question , do lorry drivers make decent money in your country on average ? 
  `` national pride '' my hole , it 's a disgrace . 
  by catching them and bringing them into europe it 's only encouraging more migrants to risk to journey . 
  should be caught and returned . 
  such as ? 
  such as ? 
  how many left wing buzzwords are you going to throw out in two sentences ?
