  but instead both factions just razed the city , and this was/is happening in ukraine also . 
  i never said putin was the good guy , in fact , i think he is the main bad guy ... it is clear you are the one who is biased here . 
  exactly , their goal was a liberated ** territory ** , their goal was not to save the people including this poor woman . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  from that comment you see that i am biased ? 
  the person to whom i replied suggested that `` if one was attacked , doing none is not the best way to be alive . '', 
  which in this case is not true obviously . 
  or is the country more important than the life of a single innocent civilian ? 
  edit : linquista said : `` to me it seems like the most of this war is just both sides shelling each other with artillery and nothing else . '', 
  `` this way it seems that civilians are getting caught more in the crossfire '' and he is right . 
  ukraine is just helping russians kill their own people , for the sake of the country . 
  it seems whatever they are doing is `` none '' since they are not alive . 
  look at the picture . 
  edit : linquista said : `` to me it seems like the most of this war is just both sides shelling each other with artillery and nothing else . '', 
  `` this way it seems that civilians are getting caught more in the crossfire '' and he is right . 
  ukraine is just helping russians kill their own people , for the sake of the country . 
  i didnt meant to offend anyone . 
  just saying its not romantic to me . 
  plus the romanians are obviously not blind to corruption anymore . 
  would you like to explain me the meaning , i read it . 
  actually now that i look at it it looks more like a europe post tiberium `` infection '' , also the cities are burning . 
  you are singing the song created to make you proud of your country and raise it in your eyes as something special so that you are blinded to corruption . 
  great . 
  edit : i didnt meant to offend anyone . 
  just saying its not romantic to me . 
  plus the romanians are obviously not blind to corruption anymore . 
  western europeans , at least . 
  serbian is a citizen of serbia . 
  serb is a member of an ethnic group called serbs . 
  an albanian from serbia is serbian . 
  but he is not a serb . 
  no i was just ranting how people only notice bad stuff when better is presented , like how eu helped romania get rid of corruption , romanians saw some light , and now these guys are trying to reverse it , but romanians wont have it because they saw a better version . 
  im angry that people dont imagine better versions of other stuff in advance . 
  closest example would be why isnt anyone in serbia or bosnia protesting corruption . 
  a far example would be why isnt the whole world protesting manufacturing of guns or rockets or military airplanes . 
  well , nobody complains about , for example , diplomatic imunity , which is just as stupid . 
  and if wars are so horrible , why isnt there a law that forbids weapon production . 
  etc etc. 
  i wish we did the same in serbia . 
   he was as serbian as tesla . 
  * nikola tesla was not serbian . 
  he was croatian . 
  croatian serb . 
  serb from croatia . 
  * gavrilo princip was not serbian . 
  he was bosnian . 
  bosnian serb . 
  serb from bosnia . 
   the attempt to remove his `` serbianness '' is simply pathetic . 
  identities are identities . 
  they do n't change over good or bad act . 
  this part doesnt make any sense to be honest . 
  could you reword it ? 
  hey , at least people all over the world followed what they signed in the treaties , you got ta give them that . 
  he was a member of a movement called young bosnia . 
  it included serbs , muslims and croats . 
  at the day of assassination there were multiple assassins on the field , it just so happened that a serb killed him , a muslim assassin could have done so too if the duke came his way . 
  so basically , gavrilo princip is bosnian first , then serb/orthodox yugoslav . 
  edit : the problem is , where tesla was born was not croatia back then . 
  but dalmatia/austria , i guess he would say he was from lika/the monarchy . 
  mate , i also know everything firsthand , and i was raised a christian orthodox although in a secular way , if that makes sense . 
  and actually live here . 
   my childhood consisted of learning about the big bad turks , and our `` poor serbian brothers and sisters '' being oppressed . 
  yes , serbs , along with others peoples of ottoman empire were opressed heavily . 
  `` poor serbian brothers and sisters '' , if you are refering to latest wars , then yes , serbian , bosniak , croat , albanian and all other brothers and sisters were opressed by war and their respectable regimes . 
   one university degree later with a specialization in balkan studies and i now know the truth of the matter ; if you look again through my comments in this thread you 'll see what i mean . 
  you are so closed-minded , mate , typical blind guilt diaspora . 
  ( a different group from blind nationalistic diaspora )  like i suggested earlier a good film to get an overview of what occurred without the nationalist sentiment usually incurred with such endeavours is the famous bbc documentary on the yugsolav wars in the 1990 . 
  i serious suggest you watch it . 
  is it a record off a hidden camera carried by an reporter dressed as soldier , if not , there is nothing someone like bbc can show you , that you cant find out by looking at fact records of what happened . 
  and facts are very scarce . 
   if you look again through my comments in this thread you 'll see what i mean . 
  i did already look at your other comments , why dont you look at my other comments , there is one reply to you from me which you didnt answer for some reason ... 
  3.8 % of austria hungary also includes like 40 % of all serbs died . 
  ( from croatia , bosnia and herzegovina , vojvodina . 
  there was some guy who had a plan like that ... he even attempted it !, 
  bad methods though . 
   are you for real ? 
  you want to tell me every serb lnows , acknowledges and feels ashamed of these crimes ? 
  i would bet on 99 % of serbs from serbia and kosovo . 
  they just happen to be normal people who dont go shouting about it , but rather have a real hobby and life . 
  so you wont hear it . 
   is that not nationalism along the lines of `` greater serbia ? '', 
  the man had the orthodox church parade bones of martyrs from 1389 all along serbia to spur nationalist sentiment . 
  its not . 
  its just voting points gathering . 
  i dont know where you are from , but politicians in the balkans perform all sorts of acrobatics to get points . 
  previously he talked about how serbs are mistreated , then he did something like what you said above to cash in on that rhetoric . 
  and he couldnt just spur nationalist sentiment if people lived good . 
  albanians were given kosovo administration for albanian politicians to `` apease '' nationalist albanians ( those that wanted to secede ) , so it was a corrupt provincial governement , albanians had more chances to get a job etc. 
  so serbs didnt like it that much , nationalist serbs were also reminding other serbs about the genocide from ww2 that happened there , so milosevic only had to say he agrees with them , convince them that cutting autonomy would give more benefits to everyday serbs and they would vote for him . 
  albanians were also/even more nationalistic , they even created a guerilla paramilitary to secede from yugoslavia . 
   all nationalism is cancer , the thing about 1990s yugoslavia though is that these nationalities are replying to the increase in serb nationalism . 
  no , serbs were the last to get the disease of nationalism in yugoslavia . 
  the growing hate was from other nationalities , all spurred by nationalist groups like the albanian one in kosovo , however , these would not have been successful if the economic situation was good . 
  and the economic situation was not good , people were full of stress , easy for nationalists to `` explain stuff to them '' like they love to do everywhere they come up . 
  slovenians decided to sucede , went almost without trouble , croatians too , would have been witout trouble if not for nationalism of croatians - stuff like police uniform resembling ww2 ones , ww2 nazi chants etc. 
  or serbian nationalism - frightening serbs from croatia that their ww2 fate will be repeated , both done by either criminals who later became war profiteers or politicians who hoped they would get points on the rhetoric . 
  of course first yugoslavia decided to stop croatia from secceding , like with slovenia , but they gave up , croatian serbs stayed rebelling until they fled before start of `` operation storm '' making croatia one of the most ethnicly homogenous countries in europe , and also serving milosevic to repopulate vojvodina and kosovo with serbs to keep yugoslavia , which then consisted of serbia and montenegro , whole and alive . 
  a relevant quote :  `` the kosovars are 850,000 albanians , strong of body , firm in spirit , and enthusiastic about the idea of a union with their homeland .
