  i did hear , just like you heard , that this actualy a problem in montenegro , because they are having a orthodox church fight overthere , minority fights , entities , identity crisis overall . 
  milo djukanovic and friends had undone montenegro into trouble when they made montenegrins ethnic group , instead of everybody from montenegro being montenegrin , as every modern country . 
  unfortunately in serbia and croatia there arent names in native languages that encompass every citizen of the country . 
  i am personally thankful people like you exist , even though you ( personally ) usually have a very disturbed anti serbia agenda , people like you are useful to expose the bad things about serbia without remorse or trying to keep good/bad balance in a comment . 
  `` yes , this is not the usual course of events . 
  very rarely are such comments posted '' - completely the opposite . 
  `` and even if they do get posted , vu\u010di\u0107 's bot army is immediately there to put a thousand downvotes on them . '', 
  - completely irrelevant to your first , agenda pushing , sentence . 
  modern people called serbs are descendands of those old slavs and natives . 
  descendants of the medieval tribe called serbs and local natives . 
  i told you already two times , its about him being an enlightener , not a saint . 
  and from that video all i got was that children and teachers who were muslim were also invited ( not `` forced '' ) . 
  and why wouldnt they , slava is a special thing only serbia has . 
  sveti sava enlightened their ancestors too . 
  this is about celebrating an enlightener of serbia , muslim bosniaks are citizens are serbians ( in the sense of being citizens of serbia ) . 
  also the woman on the phone who speaks about people drinking and what not , just ridiculous . 
  however they could start celebrating saint sava in schools differently , with less christian ceremonial stuff . 
  `` no need for a long write up , slavs migrated here from abroad . '', 
  - old slavic tribes did . 
  not modern south slavs . 
  as i wrote above . 
  `` so any claims of ancestral lands in the balkans is beyond ridiculous and outrageous , and simply seeking conflict '' - i really dont understand this sentence . 
  `` because orthodox ceremony and orthodoxy as a whole is intertwined with serb politics and state . 
  soldiers get admitted into the army , priests come to preach and bless guns . 
  every day there is some part of serb government celebrating one saint or the other , a serb converts to another religion and gets death threats and his family renounces him publicly in newspapers and more . 
  horrific religious fanaticism '' - wow dude , you have been massively misinformed im afraid , to be honest , this whole thing smells like diaspora , you are diaspora arent you ? 
  `` saint '' sava is not a saint to 20 % of serbian population who does n't identify as serb but who are forced to attend his ceremonies and are forced to glorify him . 
  its a disgusting example of state sponsored religious oppression '' - i told you its not about him being a saint , its about him being a person who enlightened the people of serbia . 
  `` serbia still claims parts of bosnia as their own as evidenced by their rhetorics concerning rs , and same for croatia with rhetorics concerning vukovar , dubrovnik and stepinac '' - this just doesnt make sense . 
  its in your mind dude , you need help , im not being sarcastic , you need at least to replace reddit with some diferent hobby , or dont use reddit at all . 
  * the old slavic tribes came to the balkan and spread all the way to peloponese and instanbul , and mostly got assimilated . 
  they are called today south slavs . 
  they mixed with the barely remaining local populaion left over from previous wars and contirbuted to that populations numbers and rejuvenation , for example on the territory of todays bosnia , serbia , bulgaria , albania , at the edges of byzantine empire croats and serbs , two large tribes were able to make their own countries because of the weakening of the empire , while bulgars adopted the slavic ways and their bulgar way disapeared , the teritory they controlled was still in their hands , the bulgaria . 
  * so south slavs as we call them today are a mix of old slavs and natives who mostly consisted of descendants of ilyrians , celts and thracians , romans resettled to dacia to fill population , small percent of descendants of asian horde invaders like huns , avars , magyars ( hungarians ) , bulgars , various turkic peoples , mongols , more modern additions like gypsies , also small peoples like jews , cincari etc. 
  `` is serbia a dictatorship or do people chose their representatives ? 
  government is a representative of the people . 
  and of course , people are even more fundamentalist and fanatical in regards to religion . '', 
  - what makes you think people voted for this government because they are fanatical religious extremists ? 
  ... where do you get this information ... `` you say meme mockingly , and then say that saint patrons and slava 's have nothing to do with religion , you do n't even try to dispute their existance . '', 
  - saint patrons and slavas have to do with religion , but a ministry of education celebrating a saint ( saint sava ) is not religious , its about celebrating the person who helped enlighten the people a bit . 
  just history . 
  why would i even try to dispute its existence ? 
  `` the root of all problems in the balkans is serbia . 
  and those problems will remain until serbia comes out and says that kosovo is not serbia , bosnia is not serbian , croatia is not serbian and on it goes . '', 
  serbia never said croatia , bosnia is serbian , serbia only claims that kosovo remains serbian so there you go , more than half of your worries are resolved . 
  yes , they do speak a slavic language . 
  so you could say they are slavs . 
  this is the real story behind all this . 
  serbia is going the way of turkey , one man controlling everything turning the country where he wants to go , censoring ( legally ) all media so as to seem as the only good guy . 
  russians supporting one half of bosnia , west the other half , montenegro is splitting into two like bosnia . 
  croatian coast oil . 
  i just hope the people wont buy it like they did in the 90s . 
  or it will be igra rock n roll cela jugoslavija , sve se oko mene , ispravlja i savija . 
  * my point was that i would only see a reason to be embarrassing if a member of my family had anything directly to do this , like suggest icons be put inside or writings , or took the money from russians . 
  my tax money goes to fountains , fighter plane monuments , this train but mostly to someone ` s pockets - i ` m not embarrassed , im a bit angry ( you get used to seeing this stuff over time ) , but law is i must pay taxes , which supposedly go to bettering my life and the country , as done by the government people voted into power . 
  i didnt help these people do this . 
  why should i feel emberressed ? 
  * fountanis have a purpose ? 
  the slavia fountain ? 
  comon man ... * komunikacija , lol , yeah , that is indeed a typo , i bet the guy in charge of it first wrote it `` komunikacia '' ( foreign language speaker maybe ? 
  ) , then someone told him j goes in there too , and he just improvised somehow because it was too late to edit it although not yet printed , so he put what he could . 
  * yes , they would take a lesser amount of money for any design , like belgrade waterfront from arabs , or bunch of stuff from chinese , or whatever.what happenes later , doesnt matter to them . 
  it doesnt cost them , it costs the country , right ? 
  they are doing all this for us . 
  its slovakian because slovakia doesnt recognise kosovo . 
  slovenia does . 
  `` it does n't take more than a ~ ~ fragile ego or an ill mind ~ ~ ** couple hundred thousand euros ** to destroy in a month what generations have built for centuries . '', 
  politicians are among the smartest people in a community . 
  they dont fall prey to ego or care enough about the country/doing their function responsibly to get an ill mind . 
  why is it embarrassing ? 
  did someone from your family help make this happen ? 
  i can ` t see any other reason . 
  its not childish , its a bait , to trigger a response , politicans arent stupid , as a surprising amount of people believe . 
  its not any more expensive than any other useless thing in this country , like that airplane monument a few years ago or new fountains etc. 
  the language mistakes , if you mean stuff like `` srbsko '' that is in slovakian language . 
  they do n't care about dick measuring , they care about money , someone took money for this piece of propaganda from the russians . 
  you said serbians are obsessed . 
  now you are saynig only the government is obsessed . 
  `` true serb can only be orthodox '' a meme ? 
  `` almost every government institution has a `` saint patron '' and celebrates that saint as slava '' - this has nothing to do with religiousness . 
  `` and now this train is just filled with religious imagery . '', 
  made by a number of people for money . 
  paid for by people who wanted it for propaganda uses . 
  see , this is why we keep telling you you are obsessed with serbia . 
  you need to delete your reddit account , man , it is not healthy to vent like this . 
  find the root of your problem and solve it , please . 
  yet , this here is you having problems with freedom of speech in one ` s own yard . 
  that is outright wrong . 
  are you amused by the current situation of serbs in kosovo ? 
  he said ethnic cleansing meant a plan has to be made beforehand . 
  and no such thing existed . 
  holocaust is a name for something else , and damn right was it planned and organised . 
  it comes down to `` nema tu pomoci '' for people who lost children/parents/loved ones . 
  just like if they died in a disaster , or accident . 
  their lives are ruined , especially parents losing children . 
  if you lost your distant cousin who you werent close to , i guess you could get over it . 
  im sure such a thing esxisted but i dont think these shooting celebrations are connected to that . 
  `` theres a town in california with a decent serb diaspora '' althoguh i do remember that a yugoslavian or serbian king banned shooting on christmas . 
  `` people back in the day used pots and pans to make a bunch of noise , now they use gats . '', 
  doubt that , its celebration , there are people in serbia who shoot the sky at weedings , new years ever etc.
