or 80 years ago either . 
  not when the leader against whom the country is protesting is being praised by eu . 
  just remembered . 
  vucic has lately been using `` they ( the opposition ) want the macedonian scenario '' a lot , even in one of his campaign videos if im not mistaken . 
  also some russian consul or whatever said serbia should be good or it could get `` the ukranian scenario '' lol . 
  serbia is basically a theater play , except there is no end . 
  common name in hungarians is atilla . 
  at least in serbia . 
  edit : also , the name was probably made up somewhere in the west and since west had the most influence on the world it spread later to the rest of the world . 
  through industrial production and smilar stuff , definately , that is what every country does every second of its existence to increase its influence . 
  i don ` t think those mosques will have sympathies from locals if they try something though . 
  bosniaks and albanians are very pro-west , at times to the point of being ridiculous , so no annexations either . 
  `` hungary '' means `` the land of the huns '' ( because panonian plain is where huns and all other nomadic horsemen settled , including hungarians ) , like celtic - ger in `` german '' , so is - gar . 
  means somethings like neighbour . 
  ( south germanics call themselves deutsch or dutch , not german ) . 
  from what i recall reading somewhere . 
  hungarians in serbia call themselves and are called ma\u0111ari ( magyar ) . 
  albanians also call themselves different , shqiptar , however , using their term in other languages is considered insulting for some reason , even though we used it in serbia ( at least northern ) with local albanians with no bad emotions from either side . 
  thanks . 
  i hope it stays peaceful . 
  i dont know where you are from , but there is no such left in serbia as it exists in the west . 
  these protests are supported by serbian ** leftists and rightists . 
  ** vucic ` s strongest allies are the socialists , he is even from time to time praised by ldp - liberal-democratic party . 
  what is currently going on in macedonia ? 
  didnt gruevski lose elections to some macedonian + albanian coalition or ... 
  vucic only takes advice from the best , like tony blair who was payed for advice . 
  i think jankovic promised as much as radulovic or obradovic . 
  all three were small on their promises . 
  jeremic , vucic were the most agressive . 
   yes and you just had an election to see if the people care about those things or not . 
  the majority of voters said they are happy with the corruption , control of the media etc. 
  these guys care apparently . 
  it ` s also about 800.000 made up votes , corruption , control of all media , getting a job through `` the party '' like in communist times , dictatorship dawning , not to mention , helicopter incident in which a baby died , bulgarian hotels etc. 
   i do n't remember anyone doing that . 
  then you are uninformed . 
  germans did it when he visited them a few wweeks ago . 
  said he was the best politician in the country etc. 
  also bashed opposition , for example saying in germany jankovic is viewed as arrogant ( jankovic is the main opposition candidate )  if the eu pushes too hard it 'll just rally eurosceptics from all over around him , if it does nothing than well he 'll get away with it . 
  but the eu is pushing hard , government implementing all kinds of progressive laws like we are germany which just damage us because it is only done to complete chapters , and dont integrate with the country in this state of mafia rule . 
  not blaming eu for this particular thing , just saying that effect you talked about is already happening . 
   i really think this is something the serbian people will ultimately have to do . 
  for what it 's worth , i definitely support them kicking him out , even if more extreme ( within reason of course ) measures were necessary , but politically that 's difficult . 
  the guy is supported by russia , eu , usa and china . 
  there ` s no getting him anywhere . 
  edited, 
   jeremic , a career politician , and probably my preferred candidate si ti stvarno sa ovih prostora ? 
  we should change it to vostani serbie , like the romanian awaken-thee romanian right now . 
  its really about this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsflvx77yb0 from serbia - albania football game . 
  he is not wrong . 
  not that i support child marriages . 
  edit : i only read what you said , that is what im refering to . 
  not the article you linked . 
   ca n't see how it forces rural folks to voting on ... who said that it does . 
  they do it for a different reason . 
  serbian elections tomorrow were first suppossed to happen on 1st . 
  doesnt matter , its still a joke . 
  what is the joke with syria ( `` assyristan '' ) ? 
  this can be applied to any country . 
  in europe next to russia , some good examples are ukraine , poland , hungary , croatia , britain . 
  but i am surprised about the percent of bosniak support for it . 
  amongst young serbs , jankovic . 
  there are some youngsters who will vote for beli but i think most of them will vote for the serious choice jankovic . 
  eu : jankovic , if we lived in a world where corruption and making laws according to chapters would be enough . 
  but we are not , so some politician who can speak well and has no backbone , like vucic . 
  oh he already critisises eu out of nowhere from time to time to the point of anyone except him being able to understand what is going on . 
  he makes up spies , assassination attemps , then tomorrow he goes back to europe is serbias future . 
  yesterday he brought the former german chancelor shredder ( not how its written ) to his election campaign rally on the day of comemorating nato bombing victims . 
   serbs living in bosnia can not `` go back to serbia '' because they 're from bosnia . 
  i think you were saying they want to go back to serbia . 
  no , i am sure you understood what i meant and are just pretending . 
   and no , you may have misread : i was talking about this : `` over 43 percent of bosniaks supported ethnic separation in 2005 ; today that 's 33 , a drop of 10 percentage points . '', 
  43 % of bosniaks supported exclusive ethnic territories ... today 33 % ... and more so than serbs : the decline is strongest among bosnian serbs , with a drop from 57 percent to 33 , or 24 percentage points . 
  interesting . 
  this was never about `` ethnic purity . '', 
  how about you tell me what you meant exactly ? 
  btw i was talking about serbs . 
  and , apparantly , now young bosniaks think ethnic regions would be a good thing , from that link ? 
  the user was talking about today ` s germany , which would send `` little green men '' if its sovereignity was about to be harmed . 
  so , countries being rich doesnt make them `` yeah dude take it , no problem . '', 
  i said `` now they want to go back to serbia ** at least ** . '', 
  and edited now to make it a bit clearer . 
  so you are agreeing with the guy you replied to ? 
  why not wish for yugoslavia to reunite but just bosnia , if you hate to see your euro bros have such hate for each other ? 
  one of three constituent peoples of bosnia were against secession from yugoslavia . 
  now they ( the one people that wanted to stay ) want to `` go back '' to serbia at least . 
  seems you should wish for that judging by your comments ... 
  cedomir is one of the biggest mafia bosses in the country . 
  he was also involded in assassination of djindjic . 
  canak is a smaller fish but still mafia racketeer . 
  and no , the politicians we call brainfarts are not brainfarts , they are actually brilliant , since they are able to fool one whole country . 
  i haven ` t heard of albanian genocide in kosovo by serbians . 
  you have ? 
   mondalizacija mondalizacija ? 
  jel to drugi termin za globalizaciju ? 
  jankovic has support from the fractions of democratic party ( the party remnant itself and the splinter parties ) and politically ... enthusiastic people . 
  jeremic similarly except people chose the different guy . 
  vucic has the support of self-serving people . 
  ( who are the majority of the country , being able to get a low paid ( made up ) job after decades of no jobs available , through the vucic ` s party . ), 
  rural/urban/young / old/educated is not a major factor . 
  few days ago vucic went to germany , and they said he is the best candidate in serbia , the most competent politician in the country etc.
