  is it the usual `` there are no people willing to do the job '' while forgetting to add `` for the amount we 're willing to pay '' ? 
  why anyone would still want to host olympic games is beyond me . 
  [ pretty much ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/ifxlk48cnyddi/giphy.gif ) . 
  poles are n't economically viable anymore , [ look at all of the ukrainians who 're ready to work for scraps from your tables ] ( http://www.financialobserver.eu/poland/a-new-wave-of-ukrainian-migration-to-poland/ ) . 
   except it did n't happen . 
  assad is winning . 
  assad is winning nothing . 
  we 'll see what happens when his masters run out of money . 
  considering the sorry state of the russian economy , should happen any moment now . 
   russia went in and achieved its goals with limited resources , and their air force performed ** no worse than the coalition . 
  ** if by coalition you mean turks , then sure . 
  if you 're comparing russian aviators to those from the us , then you 're delusional . 
   that 's not going to happen though , is n't it ? 
  that 's exactly how it happened . 
   but the islamic terrorists went from winning the war to being pretty much neutered . 
  winning against who ? 
  assad ? 
  not a huge achievement . 
  you know well enough how it went . 
  coalition just waited for militants to finish off assad before moving in . 
  and , turned the tide ? 
  the country is still in the state of civil war . 
  keep believing in your propaganda . 
  russians barely managed to pull their syria stunt where they 're uncontested in the air . 
   cloudy with a chance of sukhoi ? 
  falling from the sky maybe , wonder how it stays in the air even . 
  an outdated poorly assembled piece of winged garbage . 
  it 's a real hazard in air , that should be banned everywhere . 
  russian air force is a joke . 
  a bunch of barely trained aviators flying soviet era planes . 
  who knows what to expect from them . 
  20 years is literally nothing in historical terms and chinese are patient . 
   liberal mosque i 'm not sure that whomever came up with the idea has a clue about islam . 
  liberalism and islam are two mutually exclusive ideologies . 
  sorry for a queen ? 
  a queen that has all of the privileges but no responsibilities , as she has no real power ? 
  are you serious ? 
  ok . that 's farming for you . 
  you know , farming is a hard work in general and ** seasonal workers ** performing jobs that require no qualification is n't something new either . 
  then again , what a special snowflake of the author who 's sitting in a comfortable air conditioned and carpeted office can know about such things . 
   4freerussia . org / r/europe has a really low bar for article source nowadays . 
  are you so sure ? 
  you do realize that eu has a largely christian population , right ? 
  says nothing about hacking though . 
  propaganda , sure , surprise to no one and nothing new . 
  it 's basically analysis of what russians would like to see in the us . 
  eu also had their favorite in there . 
  the us is way too important to overlook what 's going on there . 
  by this standard why are n't they accusing saudis who were heavily anti trump and their pr campaign ? 
  germans who were endorsing clinton right left and center . 
  be honest , it has nothing to do with `` interference '' , it 's partisanship . 
  just assert your dominance by turning to the woman , looking her in the eyes and do a `` helicopter '' . 
  you wo n't feel uncomfortable afterwards . 
  not really . 
  it 's very real in italy as well . 
  they should introduce unisex bathrooms in middle schools . 
  that would be something ... very progressive . 
  the article is nonsense obviously pushing someone 's narrative and interests . 
  considering norway and liquefied gas from the us , russia is hardly the only supplier . 
  having more offers on the market can only strengthen eu as we wo n't depend on one single supplier or dubious transit countries . 
  no single entity will be able to apply political pressure on us by threatening our energy supplies . 
  on the contrary , we 'll be able to bargain much more efficiently and pressure others to fall in line if they want to do business with us . 
  good luck with that . 
  you 're getting it wrong . 
  communism \\ socialism is great according all of the progressive subs , including this one , it 's just russians that are terrible . 
  yeah . 
  let 's pretend these are his ideas . 
  well . 
  telling russians how they should live or run their country worked well in the past !, 
  i 'm sure it 'll make wonders this time as well . 
  400 out of how many thousands ? 
  that 's a mistake . 
  i studied in a university where this was introduced as well . 
  damn , women are terrible in public toilets . 
  toilet paper that covers literally everything and maxipads stuck to the walls . 
  not to mention cutting lines because `` oh , i 'm a girl , i ca n't wait !, 
  i 'm not going to look at his comment history as it 's irrelevant in the context . 
  i do n't see the connection between the right to be forgotten and what i said about narrative pushing . 
  not to mention , right now the narrative is `` the right one '' so no one is bothered about it . 
  it 's funny how his comment had no indication of `` being triggered '' but you found a way to try and make fun of it anyway . 
  it 's not about their market share , it 's about how they use their position . 
  and let 's not forget that [ google ( among others ) ] ( http://www.zdnet.com/article/googles-war-on-fake-news-goes-global-search-results-now-tagged-true-or-false/ ) is also using its position to push their own narrative by labeling stuff as `` fake news '' based on their own definition , and definition of some obscure `` fact checking '' private organizations . 
  sure . 
  and every time something that portrays this situation other than a mess people are downvoting it to hell yet in this case it 's all fine while it 's on the same level as rt with its selective representation of events . 
  propaganda for following eu policies selectively . 
  i would n't say a word if poland and others would say that they wo n't take migrants as well any more money from the eu budged . 
  instead it 's constant `` gief money plox '' disregarding any common problems we face here . 
  good luck with that . 
  they 'll call you all nazis and remind you about german \\ soviet occupation and how much they suffered . 
  it does n't matter that it has nothing to do with the problem at hand but they do it every time they do n't like something . 
  what do you mean ? 
  this is on tv all the time for the last few years . 
  a bit less now as everyone seems to get used to it . 
  in addition , i hope you realize that this is a piece of polish propaganda designed to convince their population that they have to resist refugee quotas . 
  edit : i see downvotes . 
  are you saying it is * not * propaganda ? 
  all of the links are basically describing the same thing . 
  even dates are almost the same . 
  what was the point linking essentially the same article just represented by 5 different media outlets ? 
  to inflate your argument lacking substance by creating a false visual effect ?
