you really mixing things here . 
  i have no doubt that russians are trying to extend their influence everywhere . 
  however , people tend to greatly overestimate their ability to do so . 
   if someone says that soviet occupation is a myth and we have an apartheid regime the one doing so ca n't be a russian puppet . 
  just an idiot or someone appealing to specific and small demographic groups . 
  i doubt that russians are that dumb . 
  their propaganda is usually much more subtle , unless they fall into a panic mode like with mh17 . 
  when you can everyone you do n't agree with a russian puppet , it only works in favor of russians . 
  this what irks me , if you listen to all of this nonsense in mass media for the last couple of years you 'd get impression that literally everything is infiltrated by russians and this is simply not possible . 
  this white noise only helps the actual russian operations to go unnoticed . 
  if this article is not propaganda on itself then i do n't know what is . 
  considering that mccarthyism made its glorious return in the recent years , seeing politicians smearing their political opponents by calling them ~ ~ red ~ ~ russian puppets , is n't something new . 
  erm ... were they ever our allies for real ? 
  well . 
  maybe because it 's your own little squabbles and it 's up to you to fix it ?!, 
  if you do n't have enough popular support within the country and have to rely on outside `` help '' , then you 're not a legitimate politician in the said country . 
  the only thing `` the west '' should be concerned about is preventing russia from meddling in our affairs , that 's it . 
  and we 're already doing that successfully by pressuring their economy and draining their human resources as many highly educated and able russians are leaving the place . 
  russia is already screwed in the long run as it wo n't have enough money to sustain anything but its very basic needs and no hope of growth because human potential will be lost by the time their masses realized what 's going on . 
   russia ` actively involved ' in french election meddling , senate intelligence committee chairman says statement like that make the us involved in french election meddling as well . 
  shhh ... do n't break the narrative !, 
  russians are clearly training child soldiers !, 
   no one wants to give her money on principle seriously ? 
  principle ? 
  totally no political pressure involved , right ? 
  yes . 
  definitely . 
  rather they have a well justified beef with nato . 
   ca n't just move out and find a better place unless you 're able to pay twice as much . 
  well . 
  is n't it the point of capitalism ? 
  you 're getting exactly what you 're paying for . 
  i see you never rented a municipal apartment . 
  it 's cheap but often subpar and poorly maintained . 
   landlords ca n't just say no based on ethnicity why not ? 
  what 's stopping them from doing so ? 
  why not ? 
  which law prohibits him from doing so ? 
  meaning ... you notice curry getting in and out of the apartment or while taking a dump on the porch ? 
  we 're not talking about any contract term but about this one specifically . 
  how are you going to enforce it ? 
  how ? 
  how are you going to enforce it ? 
  also , it 's not only curry . 
  it 's everything . 
  these people do n't even notice or think about it because they lived like this their entire lives . 
   we should just ban all brown people his property , he can do with it as he please . 
   just restricting it in the lease unenforceable . 
   let 's fight with the way he said it . 
  why ? 
  he did n't call for action with his statement . 
  he 's not trying to incite violence or anything . 
  he 's not accusing them of any crime . 
  it 's his right to say whatever about whomever . 
  freedom of speech is as important as freedom to manage your business and property the way you see fit . 
  i guess none in this thread lived in a dorm with indian or pakistani students . 
  that was awful . 
  everything stank . 
  i had to rent an apartment instead and it took quite a bit of money to get my things rid of this horrendous smell . 
  this has nothing to do with racism , it 's the reality of things . 
  edit : i 'm frankly fascinated how easily people disregard others private property rights in this thread . 
  that 's going to be normal . 
  many landlords refuse to rent their property to students . 
  trivialization of violence , how nice . 
  because it 's an inconvenient page in recent history of our continent , totally peaceful since ww2 . 
  what a surprise / s, 
  if you look at the history of any of the ukrainians posting in r/europe you might notice that these are basically propaganda outlets , posting same articles and comments again , again and again . 
  exceptions are very rare . 
  most of the russians we see here , i suspect are `` russians '' from r/the _ donald . 
  it 's a popular flair there . 
  appeasement politics must go on . 
  it 's not like it ever backfired / s, 
  a song contest organizers can easily enforce rules while the so called `` international law '' is unenforceable imaginary guideline easily broken by anyone with at least a little bit of ability to project power . 
  even french managed to break all possible rules in libya when they started enforcing a no-fly zone by bombing the shit out of the country and sending spec ops units in . 
  any consequences ? 
  none whatsoever !, 
  maybe should restrain from using quotes from fiction bearing no relevance in the real world . 
  also , i 'm not sure you realize what `` rebellion '' entails . 
  do you want scores of turkish refugees running from the bloodbath that would certainly erupt in turkey in case of an all out rebellion ? 
  imagine syrian situation on steroids . 
  and you can be sure these refugees will blame us for all of their issues . 
  russians are illiterate in terms of the ability to use english . 
  you , just like many , confuse the opposite view on the events with `` russian trolls '' . 
  using your logic you 're a ukrainian troll simply because of your stance on the issue . 
  there should be a rule of some sort limiting the ability of countries that participate in any ongoing conflicts to enter the contest . 
  it 's getting annoying that the same country turns eurovision into a political shitstorm for a second year in the row . 
   it was predictable . 
  now i need to take some popcorn for tonight sheet show from russians . 
  and yet , so far the thread is filled with ukrainians , not russians . 
   the leader of the free world define `` the free world '' . 
  yeah . 
  just like with those soviet propaganda posters . 
   why do evil people always win ? 
  do they ? 
   why ca n't every evil person just die simultaneously ? 
  oh the irony ... 
  i see we 're starting a new cycle of anti-turkish political propaganda . 
  guess everyone is tired of the russians-did-it narrative , need something fresh . 
  and when confronted you can always hear the same reply `` i did n't vote for it '' and yet that 's how direct democracy works - tyranny of the majority , silly that people fail to understand it . 
  because the only thing that triggered your sudden need to return to your roots is brexit .
