  you people constantly complain about the democracy but when it does n't go your way you flip a finger and try to wiggle your way out of it instead of taking responsibility . 
  hypocrisy and ego-centrism is just overwhelming with all of the brits looking for a `` backup passport '' . 
  arrr !, 
  i do n't understand why it 's allowed in the first place . 
  special snowflake of a nation decided to quit , and then a bunch of them refuse accept the result of their own democratic process and trying to wiggle their way into eu while staying the uk citizens with all of the benefits attached . 
  then stay in the uk and return your italian passport . 
  italian passport is n't your personal visa free pass to eu . 
  this is frankly disgusting . 
  fascinating . 
  i 'm proud that you decided to use our country as `` backup '' / s, 
   and here we see some ( probably russian propaganda ) downvoters in action . 
  fyi i upvoted [ look !, 
  i 'm helping !, 
  it 's called propaganda and counter-propaganda , not `` fake news '' , you illiterate mongoloids . 
   putin do n't like looser are you ever tired of blaming all of the eu and the us issues in russians ? 
  we have enormous issues all over the place nowadays and instead of addressing them everyone is too busy looking who to blame , while overlooking their own actions of course . 
   why they all take money from president of russia completely unrelated question : [ did you support hillary ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2008/12/18/saudi-arabia-biggest-donors-clinton-foundation.html ) ? 
  it 's a bit disturbing that a few * foreign private corporation * are going to decide what 's `` real '' and what 's `` fake '' . 
  all corporations have their own agendas that rarely align with interests of ordinary people , especially if these people live in some other countries . 
   here 's a list of more federations . 
  what does it have to do with anything ? 
  i do n't want to live in a european federation . 
  i 'm just fine in italy , thank you very much . 
   so set the rules to have your eu representatives directly-elected if that 's what you want . 
  ffs . 
  hell , are n't they already directly-elected ? 
  does italy not directly-elect meps to the ep , and the president of italy to the european council ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's totally going to happen on a continent where each country is `` the greatest country which knows what 's better for all '' !, 
   sure , so kill off the veto-based votes and switch to majority or supermajority votes . 
  that 's totally compatible with having a federation . 
  in fact , i strongly suspect that pretty much anyone in favor of federation would also be expecting to lower the bar for decision-making . 
  so that the mob of countries would be able to push their interests in expense of the others ? 
  not to mention some members would attempt to drag the rest into their petty conflicts and attempts of revenge . 
  the same members that are pumping the eu with their scaremongering propaganda for the last 20 years to achieve their own political goals . 
  the eu members that are so far away from italy that we have almost no aligning interests . 
  europe is n't a monolithic entity . 
  we do n't share language , culture , history and values . 
  too many historical grudges and bad blood that will take generations to be washed away completely . 
  our laws are drastically different . 
  i 'm all up for the economic cooperation and believe it should include as many countries as possible but politics should be left on the local level . 
  as it is eu is an overbearing entity with no accountability to anyone . 
  and i 'm firmly against the idea of eu army because if it come to pass , the next attempt of any eu member to leave the union will be suppressed with force , you can be sure about that . 
  and people will cheer to that , same people that are saying that the democratic process in the uk should n't be taken seriously and that the decision to leave eu should be overruled and attempts should be punished politically and economically . 
  same with national treasury , we already lost control over our own monetary policies . 
  like soviet union ? 
  do you want to be ruled by germany ? 
  i do n't but this is exactly what will happen in case of the `` real union '' . 
  i do n't want to be ruled by some officials in eu hq , officials that i did n't even elect . 
  `` real union '' or a super-state would result in some overbearing ruling body with no real accountability to the people living in all of the eu countries doing whatever . 
  like in this [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j881ryzla44 ) , chief brexit negotiator for the european parliament , guy verhofstadt is talking about how awful it is that the eu requires consensus of all its members to do anything instead of just acting without asking anyone . 
  this is not democracy , this is tyranny . 
   well known for being touchy on the touchiest of its demands again , who gives a damn ? 
  why are you so concerned about touchy chinese ? 
   he one china policy . 
  that does not bode well for his prospects as an administrator . 
  in this case hypocrites got taste of their own medicine . 
  also , appeasing politics never lead to anything good in the long run . 
  trump stated that he wants better trade deals with china and he will use whatever leverage available . 
  china is going to do nothing about it because they ca n't afford to lose a market like the us . 
  one can only hope that our own politicians would stop this constant xi ass-kissing and follow the suit . 
  china is nothing without our markets and they know it , appeasing it does n't make any sense . 
  i never understood why people are so afraid of foreign languages . 
  what with this insane fixation on the idea that language equals cultures equals nation ? 
  yes he is . 
  he 's either clueless in politics and only follows it through mass media sources or perverting reality on purpose . 
   trump 's 12 seconds into his presidency , and already china 's expecting a pile of apologies and why would he care ? 
  why would anyone care ? 
  china needs the us and eu as much as we need them . 
  russia would expect a pile of apologies from clinton in case of her victory . 
  and so what ? 
  no one gives a damn !, 
  political rhetoric and notes of protest are meaningless . 
  anyone who thinks that china or any other country would start a war over a telephone call or a few insulting remarks , is delusional . 
  stop trying to demonize him needlessly . 
  and why exactly anyone should care what george soros says ? 
  except many politicians and people like to talk about how actions of some individuals , companies or ever counties are not fitting `` eu values '' . 
  if all the peaceful attempts of secession would fail , then why not ? 
  self-determination is the right of any ethnic group . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  i wonder why everyone is so afraid to call it what it really is : counter-propaganda . 
  because the ones labeled as `` far-right '' are n't really far-right . 
  common sense and defense of the national interests does n't automatically makes you far-right . 
  you just in opposition to open borders and welcome all policies . 
  anyone who thinks that trump or le pen are going to round up gays and minorities in concentration camps is delusional . 
  well . 
  technically she 's not wrong . 
   the burden of proof is on the claimant they believe that 30 years old is a child refugee . 
  in the same manner you can say something like `` i 'm gay , my heavily islamic government persecutes gays '' . 
  the latter part is truth in case of all muslim countries , as well as some non-muslim . 
  the former is impossible to verify . 
   all of them from iran so most of them got deported one buy one i always wondered , why wo n't they claim to be gay , hence persecuted in their home country ? 
  practically impossible to disprove the claim and it gives them a sort of a legitimate way into a proper refugee status . 
  it 's amazing how you people tend to present eu members and their citizens as brainless zombies , easily manipulated by putin , xi , or whoever our politicians are using as a scapegoat today . 
  if the democracy does n't go the way you personally like , it does n't mean that it 's `` omg russians ! '' . 
  politicians and media even tried to push this nonsense in italy not long ago but fortunately with no success . 
  you ca n't keep blaming your own shortcomings on a 3rd party . 
  it 's getting absolutely ridiculous . 
  when a politician loses his position , he then proceeds to blame russians , chinese , whoever for `` influencing the minds of electorate '' while in fact he 's a rich twat pushing for something that is not popular among the general population . 
  sheer arrogance is astonishing really .
