but would n't arresting people for espionage imply admission that the video is genuine ? 
  it does n't exist . 
  he claims to have seen a video on liveleak , but refuses to give a link or share any other information about it . 
  it is as real as trump 's 9/11 video . 
   in a forbes guest post written by steven emerson , an executive director , and pete hoekstra , a senior fellow , at the investigative project on terrorism , they lament the role of political correctness toward radical islam in obstructing frank discussion . 
   `` remember that they [ politicians ] blamed the benghazi massacre on an internet video . 
  perhaps they will blame the isis [ paris ] attacks on a tv show , '' they said . 
  i did n't get this part at all . 
  was n't it the complete opposite about benghazi ? 
  how does that help political correctness ? 
  if the benghazi or paris attacks are the work of a regular muslim who just got angry at a video/tv show insulting islam , rather than a well-planned attack by a terrorist organization , then i will feel even worse about islam . 
  when it is done by isis/al-qaeda , people can just say `` they are terrorists , it has nothing to do with islam '' etc. 
  if ordinary muslims kill people for just a video and with no ulterior political motives , that 's a lot worse . 
  russia and the us signed an agreement regarding air operations in syria , which also covers the us-led anti-isis coalition . 
  i think russia can not fire at coalition airplanes in syrian airspace unless they revoke the agreement first . 
  or they may just declare that they exclude turkey from the agreement . 
  syria ; however , did not sign the agreement , and they can shoot at turkish airplanes . 
  in any case , turkey should probably stay out of syria unless they want further escalation . 
  erdogan was n't so interested in bombing isis anyway , and they can just shell ypg from inside turkey . 
   maybe you should have said that then . 
  if you think citizenship somehow makes a difference in this case , then fine , let 's talk about what i said first , only the citizens . 
  that one single burqa wearing swiss citizen , unless you are going to claim there is n't a single one of those . 
  or fuck it , let 's say 0 swiss citizens , or even 0 people in switzerland wear burqa , those are completely irrelevant to my point . 
  switzerland ( or a region of it ) passed a law regarding what its citizens can do . 
  i am not talking about the contents of the law , i am talking about how you defend that law using uae . 
   no , they do n't . 
  i do n't have the right to not be spied on by the nsa i said * on such issues * . 
  dress codes do n't vary regarding citizenship status in a free country . 
  if something can be worn by the general public , everybody in the country should be able to wear it . 
   when were we speaking about the middle ages and how could they possibly be relevant ? 
  `` when german princes chose what religion their subjects should believe '' as i said above , you know , your country 's history . 
  when they said to their people `` this is how we pray in this principality , and this is how they pray in that principality ; fuck off to that principality if you want to pray that way . '', 
  fortunately we advanced past that point . 
  many islamic countries did n't , and seemingly you have remnants of that mentality as well . 
   you say that again , but provide not a iota of explanation what 's wrong with that . 
  ... that 's obvious bullshit . 
  we do have freedom of religion you idiot . 
  i have n't even made the case that there is something wrong with banning burqa . 
  i have made the case that your reasoning for it is bullshit , and you agreed that it is indeed bullshit when applied to other cases . 
  i guess i have been able to convey my point then , i do n't know what we are still discussing here . 
   the thing is that every country should ban burqas . 
  ok , but you did n't justify it by giving an example of a country banning burqa , you justified it by giving an example of an islamic country banning miniskirt . 
  should every country ban miniskirt ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  that example can only serve two purposes : `` this islamic country restricts the liberties of non-muslims and not-so-religious muslims . 
  so we are justified in restricting the liberties of muslims living here . '', 
  or it can mean `` hey , it 's bad , but it is only as bad as uae , not worse . '', 
  we can neither neither curtail liberty of people living here for shit other countries do to people living there ; nor is uae is a good benchmark for anything related what people should be allowed to do . 
   what the hell ? 
  no swiss citizens are wearing burkas , that part was obviously implied . 
  at least it 's extremely unlikely . 
  you do n't have to be a citizen to live in switzerland . 
  burkawearers tend not to be . 
  do you have a statistic that says most burqa wearers in switzerland are non-swiss citizens ? 
  most countries give settlers citizenship after some time , and i see no reason to assume that they are not swiss citizens . 
  in any case , it does n't make any difference if we say 0 of them are swiss citizens . 
  by `` how we treat our citizens '' i meant `` how we treat people living in our country . '', 
  they have the same rights on such issues anyway . 
   we did ? 
  when ? 
  do you live in europe ? 
  during the middle ages , as i was talking about in my previous post . 
  are you going to go `` no , you 're american , you 're not european '' now ? 
  both our ancestors lived in europe at the time , you understood what i said . 
  or just consider that i meant western civilization by ` we ' . 
  it consisted exclusively of europe at that time . 
   this is not a restriction on liberty . 
  it help these women to liberate themselves from burqas . 
  i repeat one more time , i am not talking about burqa ban , you are entitled to your opinion on that even though i may not agree , but the logic you use to justify it is frightening . 
  * `` let uae ban miniskirts and let us ban burqa , those who want to wear burqa can can go to uae ( or wherever else they want ) '' * `` let isis ban christianity and let us ban islam , those who want to practice islam can can go to isis ( or wherever else they want ) '' * `` let some indian states ban beef , let us ban tikka masala , those who want to eat tikka masala can go to india ( or anywhere else they want ) '' other states may ban things they should n't . 
  that 's no excuse to ban things for our citizens ( or people living in our country ) . 
  if prohibiting employment on sundays works well for you , fine ; but you ca n't dismiss its criticism saying `` america bans this weird stuff , and we ban working on sundays , fuck off to america if you want to work on sundays so much '' if a german complains about the law for some reason . 
  you can weigh the benefits of prohibiting it and permitting it , but you do n't get a license to ban anything because another country bans something , particularly a repressive one like uae . 
   of course it does . 
  i found contradictory results when i googled for miniskirts and bikinis ( they are claimed to be allowed and banned by different sources ) ; since i am not knowledgeable about the subject , i defer to your expertise . 
   neither i in uae nor burka wearing people in switzerland are citizens of the country they are in . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  does this swiss law have provisions which allows swiss citizens to wear burqa and disallow only tourists ? 
  on the contrary , people are talking about it in the context of integration , so this is mostly about those who are settled in switzerland , i.e. 
  citizens and soon-to-be citizens . 
   you believe whatever you want , preferably nothing of course . 
  nobody is saying anything against that . 
  i was n't talking about beliefs . 
  i was n't even talking about burqa . 
  you basically said `` let uae ban miniskirts and let us ban burqa '' and `` those who want to wear burqa can can go to uae . 
  that 's in general a dangerous thinking that we used to have in europe , and took a long time and a lot of effort to get rid of . 
  you can justify all sorts of restrictions on liberty going with that . 
  on what ground do you claim germany was n't democratic in 1932 ? 
  weimar germany was perfectly democratic , and the 1932 elections were free and fair . 
  hitler became the chancellor of germany legitimately by forming a coalition government in 1933 , and only after that did germany go berserk . 
   i 'd say the girls growing up with a cloth wall between them and the broader society , utterly preventing their integration except forbidding them from ever going out to street does n't help with their integration either . 
  i admit that i would be very annoyed to see women in burqa in the streets ( fortunately there are n't any here ) . 
  but i am annoyed by a great many other things , and wanting to ban things that annoy you is n't a good response . 
  i simply look the other way when that happens . 
  i do n't know if uae bans miniskirts , but i think most people would agree that it should n't . 
  how is uae 's restrictions on its citizens is relevant to how we treat our citizens ? 
  we in the west advanced past the time when german princes chose what religion their subjects should believe . 
  we noticed that it is better to let people decide for themselves . 
  it sucks that some islamic countries have n't caught up with that , and it is outrageous to suggest that we should follow their example . 
  i am not talking about a burqa ban , you are entitled to your opinion on that , but do n't use uae 's oppressiveness to justify anything .
