  [ in 2011 it was $ 5.5 b ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/bilder/nettozahler100~_v-videowebm.jpg ) . 
  you might want to get your numbers correct . 
  [ in 2014 it was $ 4.9 b ] ( http://www.bpb.de/70580 ) . 
  this one if from the german federal agency for political education . 
  i 'm actually surprised we paid a net of $ 15 billion euros , that 's quite a lot . 
  do you hear us complaining , though ? 
  in fact we would have to pay over a billion euros * less * if we would n't have given thatcher your special snowflake rebate because you are sooo special . 
    but yes , surprisingly being part of the eu comes with membership fees . 
  who would 've thunk ? 
  newsflash : both eea and efta do charge hefty membership fees  right , but the uk has just voted to leave those . 
  no , it did n't . 
  it voted to leave the eu . 
  they will want to join at least efta . 
   newsflash : trading partners do n't pay for the privilege of trading . 
  it 's members of efta and eea ( like norway and switzerland ) that have to do that . 
  exactly , they pay for the privilege of trading . 
   there will be no future political and fiscal union . 
  which is the whole point of the eu in the first place since over fourty years . 
   i hope , and think , we wo n't leave erasmus since there are a few non-eu countries participating ( norway , iceland , liechtenstein , turkey & macedonia ) . 
  pretty sure we ejected switzerland because they put a limit on migration . 
  turkey and macedonia ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's probably a kind of developmental aid . 
   the city generally refers to the square mile ( the city of london , versus greater london ) , and in particular the financial firms head-quartered there . 
  ah , yes , right . 
   but the city ( i.e. 
  the businesses ) have said they 're staying . 
  highly unlikely they actually mean it . 
    the clients do n't have to switch to other people . 
   they would if businesses moved abroad . 
  you seem to believe these * banks * only have clients residing in london ? 
   and traders wo n't necessarily move . 
  but again , have to wait for the renegotiations . 
  traders who do n't move are fired and replaced . 
   but it 's not . 
  switzerland and norway are n't part of the eu , are they arrogant and self-centred ? 
   denmark does n't use the euro , do they think of themselves as more special ? 
  actually , yes . 
   plenty of countries trade with the eu without freedom of movement . 
  they do n't have access to the common market like efta members , no . 
   the uk does n't and should n't have to accept that kind of union when it just wants to trade with the eu . 
  oh yes , it has to . 
  otherwise other countries might follow . 
    freedom of movement is part of both the eea and efta , but you knew that before voting , did n't you ? 
   yes , i did know that . 
  the idea was that we 'd quit it all , and just be trading with the eu . 
  you know , like many countries do . 
  that 's way worse than efta , though . 
   in this country we have respect for democracy and the will of the people . 
  the people are idiots . 
   and in britain 's view , the eu gained # 8.5 billion a year at britain 's expense . 
  it goes both ways you know . 
  it 's only # 4.7 billion . 
  but yes , surprisingly being part of the eu comes with membership fees . 
  who would 've thunk ? 
  newsflash : both eea and efta do charge hefty membership fees . 
  possibly in the amount of ... # 4.7 billion . 
   sooo , britain complained because it did n't like it , but still complied ? 
  yes ? 
  compliance was n't a choice , you know ? 
  they had to . 
  europe was positively furious because of that . 
  you can not agree to a treaty ten years ago and now when it inconveniences you say `` oh dear , we did n't expect that , ~ ~ we 'd like ~ ~ ** we demand ** another rebate ! '' . 
  that kinda makes other countries not like you . 
   despite the eu 's reaction being to say to people who did n't like it , pay it or we 'll charge interest ? 
  that is how the law works , are you finding this out just now ? 
   yes , the uk does n't like free movement . 
  no , we 're not going to start mass repatriation . 
  the leave campaign made that very clear , that people in the uk are welcome to stay . 
  obviously the type of residency visa is up for negotiation , whether it 'll be a simple ` you can stay ' visa up to full-blown ` you can now apply for citizenship . ', 
  but britain is not going to kick anyway out . 
  so the referendum was useless then . 
    in case of germany they 'll get permits if they 've managed to be in germany legally for at least five years . 
  other than they 'll obviously go home . 
   including students ? 
  we hand out student visas to anyone from all over the world who wants one , do n't you do the same ? 
  but no more erasmus of course , bring your own money . 
   the city is n't . 
  it 's already said it 's staying . 
  what choice would london have ? 
  it 's kind of immobile . 
   london 's success as a financial hub is n't purely down to europe . 
  you can work longer hours in london , have a large supply of english speaking people , and people already working there have clients that wo n't want to switch to other people . 
  the clients do n't have to switch to other people . 
   house prices in this country have never fallen , especially not in london . 
  the increase might slow down , but i doubt they 're going to fall . 
  they will if `` the city '' ( i assume that means banking companies located in london in british ? ), 
  moves to frankfurt . 
   after all , people with houses can just wait for the market to recover , and a few years down the line be making profits again . 
  but no-one thinks that even if they fall , they 'll fall that sharply . 
  apparently , otherwise they would n't have voted out . 
   they just need the one with the eu for the eea . 
  i do n't know if the 33 treaties were made with the eea instead of the eu , do you ? 
  but the uk does n't want the eea anyway because that comes with freedom of movement and hefty membership fees to be payable by the uk . 
   the thing is , to do that they 'll have the same rules and obligations as before but this time no concessions and no influence in eu decisions . 
  ah , exactly . 
  i 'll be very surprised and confused if they join eea . 
   britain has never said it 's more special than other members , it 's simply wanted a better deal for its population . 
  that 's the same thing . 
   freedom of movement is bad for the uk , so we wanted to get rid .
