  freedom of movement is one of the very few most important pillars of the eu . 
  there is absolutely no way you are getting any other deal without it . 
   sure we have pensioners in spain and elsewhere , they spend all their money in spain and come back to britain for medical treatment , not exactly great circumstances for britain . 
   why should britain pay billions to europe , and allow free movement when it only wants to trade ? 
  why should eu trade with britain if britain wo n't allow free movement ? 
  exactly . 
   other countries trade without such caveats , freedom of movement is part of both the eea and efta , but you knew that before voting , did n't you ? 
   or must britain be punished because it used to be a member ? 
  of course , ca n't be too friendly now to scare others who might want to leave . 
    you must be punished  that 's not a healthy attitude to take towards democracy . 
  the referendum should n't have been held in the first place , that was the dumbest decision made in the uk ever since at least a hundred years . 
  it 's the same with freedom of speech . 
  you can say whatever you want , but everybody else is free to call you an idiot if you say something dumb . 
  you can leave if you want obviously , but everybody else is free to call you a cunt for doing so . 
    you do , you got a rebate for over thirty years costing us other eu countries over 120 billion euros . 
   membership fees do n't belong to europe , they belong to their respective members . 
  i can see why you think it 's at other peoples expense , but that money went to europe at britain 's expense . 
  no , britain * saved * $ 120 * billion * over the years on * our * expense . 
   and a couple of years ago , because britain was growing faster than the eu , so europe demanded more money , and the uk obliged . 
  you phrased `` the uk complied with the treaty it signed after bitching about it for months . '', 
  weirdly . 
  because that is what that was . 
    poles going back to poland from the uk , brits going back to britain from the eu ? 
   i do n't know where you 're getting this . 
  it was never the case that there would be forced repatriation . 
  poles in the uk are welcome to stay , they will get residency permits ? 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  the whole point of voting to leave was to get rid of that filthy free movement . 
   britons going back to britain , that depends on the renegotiation , but i expect that they will also be granted visas to stay . 
  in case of germany they 'll get permits if they 've managed to be in germany legally for at least five years . 
  other than they 'll obviously go home . 
    banks will move to frankfurt , their jobs will too . 
  so there 'll be lots of unemployed brits living in london that wo n't be able to afford their mortgages anymore  we do n't know that yet . 
  we 're pretty sure of it . 
   i do n't think , and the government and boe agrees with me , that there will be mass layoffs . 
  of course there will be . 
  their jobs wo n't be there anymore . 
   if house prices half , homeowners will still be making a massive profit . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware , but house prices are ludicrously high in this country , they 're the most expensive in europe . 
  yes , and those who bought for 75 % will surely make a profit selling for 50 % . 
  i would tend to think i maybe once heard something about a change in that from whenever every new country has to be agreed to by every other country after the eu accepted a bunch of countries not every other country was happy with . 
  but i could be mistaken and just believe this to be true because you implied it , unsure . 
  not without the uk agreeing to it i 'd think . 
  agreed . 
  not sure about spain , though . 
  yes , they would n't want scotland to set an example for catalonia , but they can veto catalonia getting in forever if they want to , so that 's not really a problem , is it ? 
  every current eu country has to agree to let the applying country in . 
  so while spain could veto catalonia , the uk would n't be able to veto scotland after it left . 
  the villain is the hero of his own story . 
   at the same time though , the eu ca n't be too hard on the uk either it has to . 
  if the eu is friendly other countries may think leaving is a good idea . 
   the uk imports more than 400bn worth of goods from the eu , and exports only about half that to the eu . 
  and that will continue . 
  the uk wo n't suddenly stop buying stuff . 
  maybe a bit less stuff because of tariffs . 
  accession can certainly be streamlined for scotland , but it 'll be hard to do in two years . 
   it 's shocking to me that you think voting to leave the eu is somehow a betrayal your country kept complaining for years `` eu , we demand more special treatment !, 
  we are better than the other 27 countries ! '', 
  and then we gave thatcher a rebate and then you still were n't happy and then you threatened to leave and we , again , made you a * very * generous offer that no other country got and then you rejected that offer and voted to leave because freedom of movement inconveniences you . 
  except that it allows your pensioneers to retire in sunny spain ... well gues what , you wo n't get * any * trade deal without freedom of movement . 
  and not without paying * billions * of fees every year for the privilege . 
  just like any other country in eea/efta . 
  but wait , you hate freedom of movement , so you will reject either , wo n't you ? 
  and we wo n't be giving you any other deal that 's good for you because then we 'd have other countries trying to leave , you must be punished or the eu is over . 
  does n't look good for you , does it ? 
   it wants an arrangement that 's fair to both sides . 
  27 countries agreed on one agreement and deemed it fair for everyone . 
  they 're all wrong ? 
   we have no interest in having things at other peoples expense . 
  none . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting that from . 
  you do , you got a rebate for over thirty years costing us other eu countries over 120 billion euros . 
   i may regret asking considering your hostility to the uk , but how exactly have we destroyed the lives of millions of people ? 
  you do n't think that uprooting millions of people all over europe is n't destroying their lives ? 
  poles going back to poland from the uk , brits going back to britain from the eu ? 
  banks will move to frankfurt , their jobs will too . 
  so there 'll be lots of unemployed brits living in london that wo n't be able to afford their mortgages anymore and wo n't be able to sell their homes without realizing a loss because prices have fallen . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  i do n't think scotland actually counts as an actual independent country , though . 
   brussels also got its own interests here : if leaving gets ` interesting ' then other countries will follow . 
  any deal the uk will get afterwards will be mediocre in that regard . 
  and the eu holds all the leverage . 
  if the uk does n't agree to what the eu offers them after two years then the uk is left with * nothing * . 
  who cares about that ? 
  is there another article that allows the eu27 to eject the uk ? 
   they 'll probably renegotiate them before they completely leave , it 's not like they 'll stay for months without trading with anyone due to lack of treaties . 
  they 'll negotiate 33 treaties with 83 nations * and * a treaty with the eu in two years ? 
  i do n't believe that 's ever been done before . 
  totally , because you do n't understand it * i 'm * the dumb one . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  it must be kind of comforting to live a life like yours . 
  it seems quite useless to teach you . 
  have fun trolling somewhere else , although i do believe you are n't trolling , but just do n't understand much . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  [ try to understand this , it might help you understand yourself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning%e2%80%93kruger_effect ) . 
  it 's really not my fault that you do n't understand that `` the eu '' is thing * created * by and entirely different from the signing countries . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't know you did n't go to school . 
  the countries signing the treaties . 
  yes , this - surprisingly ?
