  why would you get any shit ? 
  you are still an alien , you do n't speak their language , you do n't know their customs . 
  i certainly would n't be okay with twenty million french immigrating to germany . 
  i know that * i * was sarcastic . 
   butwhy.gif because . 
   thanks for being honest though . 
  what is there to lie about ? 
  the whole point of the eu and it 's predecessors since 1953 is to eventually create the use . 
  that equivalent would be about $ 1-2 / hr , so why bother . 
  the swiss certainly never imagined that a * third * of their population would be immigrants at any time , would n't you say ? 
  i 'm sure the swiss are very disappointed to hear that . 
   except most of them come from the eu-17 and are highly qualified . 
  and ? 
  they are still immigrants that do n't speak the local language and do n't know the culture . 
  would you seriously be fine with twenty million french moving to germany all of a sudden ? 
  i would n't . 
  i have to say that i completely understand the swiss people . 
  you just have too many immigrants , seriously . 
  they work cheaper than swiss , they do n't even speak the local language much less know anything about your culture . 
  difficult situation for you . 
  and i 'm talking about fellow german here . 
  such a different arrangement has never been made . 
  are you saying greece ' hand was n't so weak that it could barely been called a hand ? 
  why would they want jobs ? 
  some lawyers may have a point there , but it 's moot anyway because every eu member signed the convention on its own anyway . 
  it could have gotten interesting when the uk actually withdraws from the convention , which it will have to do or even technically already has by not following that particular judgement . 
  the eu signed the convention , so every eu member automatically has to follow the convention if it does n't anyway . 
  so it does n't have a constitution is what you 're saying ? 
  actually the plan was : * promise referendum to win election . 
  * win election . 
  * have referendum while being * against * brexit . 
  * threaten eu with referendum , get a lot offered . 
  * hope that referendum decides to remain and to accept the now even better deal . 
  * referendum decides to leave . 
  * well . . fucking shit , what now ?!, 
  * resign . 
   stripping people of civil rights is the whole basis of punishment , so i do n't think there 's anything wrong with disenfranchising convicts for the duration of their sentence and imo that 's a matter which is no concern of the eu anyway . 
  the echr disagrees very much . 
  that one of the more ridiculous suggestions i read this week . 
  britain needs nato . 
  you are delusional , losing the uk would barely be noticeable to the eu . 
  apparently freedom of movement is not part of efta , but of another separate treaty with switzerland ? 
  wikipedia says it 's part of efta , efta says it 's part of eea . 
  it 's confusing . 
  i do n't get your point , though . 
  switzerland will no longer have access to the common market . 
  so efta really is just free trade of goods ? 
  apparently farage would be happy with that , but that would still cripple the uk , so i do n't get why ? 
  the eu is just respecting the uks choice . 
  obviously . 
   but why wo n't it ? 
  principle . 
  again : obvious . 
   if the uk leaves the single market there will be serious economic consequences for everyone and worse hit will be the uk and eu country 's that trade heavily with it e.g. 
  germany , france , ireland . 
  no , that 's not what it means . 
  uk can maybe have free trade on goods , but their financial services are bound to the common market and there will be no common market agreement without freedom of movement . 
  again : obviously that is technically * possible * , but it ** wo n't happen ** . 
   i do n't understand why the eu would risk such serious economic damage to its remaining members for no apparent reason . 
  the damage is n't quite as serious as your tabloids are telling you , to us at least , to you it 's enourmous . 
  and the , again , obvious reason is : you are n't part of the common market . 
   those are their treaties with the eu though right ? 
  those treaties allow them access to the eea and the single market without actually joining the eea like norway or the other efta members . 
  yes . 
   i do n't think they apply to the efta though . 
  so i know for sure they could n't be part of the eea if they implement the quotas , but i 'm not sure if they 'd have to leave the efta since the efta is separate and they have trade agreements with states outside the eu . 
  the ten applicable treaties with switzerland in this matter are all void if switzerland choses to cancel any one of them . 
   will switzerland have to leave the efta once their quota system goes into place ? 
  not sure how that would work . 
  apparently the treaties with switzerland have a guillotine clause which automatically voids all of them if they do . 
   so the eu could grant the uk a temporary restriction on freedom of movement of upto seven years while it is still in the single market ? 
  obviously it * could * , but also obviously it * wo n't do that * . 
  the restriction applied * only to the ten new countries * . 
  it was a temporary restriction of upto seven years after joining of the ten new countries in 2004 . 
  this completely answers your question . 
   is n't switzerland due to block `` free movement '' in february ? 
  if switzerland actually does that most of their treaties with the eu will be automatically voided . 
  because * everyone * had the same right , the uk just did n't do it . 
  you are referring to the extension of2004 , are n't you ? 
   i would n't be so sure of that , the one 's who make the final decision are the conservative party membership not the mp 's . 
  pretty sure the pm is elected by parliament , is he not ? 
   it 's not illegal to sell the cans in germany , they just have to be registered into the pfand system and relabelled . 
  actually i believe the dpg system is not mandatory , it 's just the one that won the market . 
  in the beginning there were even two different systems . 
  the stores selling his coke cans just have to refund the deposit when people turn them in . 
   the best example i have run in with were soft drinks , namely coca cola products . 
  i had 8 trucks of coca cola cans that at the time i could sell 15 % cheaper than what the retailers in germany paid . 
  they did n't buy them because it would be illegal for them to retails those cans in germany . 
  that 's a lie . 
   because the deposit symbol does n't match . 
  that does n't make it illegal to sell . 
  they just have to to accept the cans back and refund the deposit after selling them . 
   like the original label not having the language of a country . 
  ridiculous that the people have a right to understand the label !, 
   sorry if i 'm hung up on semantics , but people keep throwing around the idea that free trade ca n't happen without free labour movement and it 's bugging me . 
  well that 's because the efta also requires freedom of movement , does n't it ? 
   yes to make sure you buy eu products at a much higher price , none made in the uk . 
  obviously , again : * that 's the point of those laws * . 
   my point is the same , the uk will make much better trade deals now thats out of the eu you want british companies to fail because chinese companies undercut them with shitty products ? 
  you 're a weird kind of nationalistic voter .
