  oh the nt values were okay , she was just being extra careful . 
   nt is the common name for the nuchal scan ( it measures nuchal translucency ) . 
  ah , i know the test but not its english name . 
  a friend of mine had that done and also the test where they test her blood for $ stuff to deduce a defect-chance . 
  but a 35 year old women will get a diagnosis and then abort and try again , she wo n't actually give birth to these defective children . 
   i mean if everyone had a kid just before 30 instead of just before 40 then we 'd have ten times the number of birth defects . 
  no , we would have ten times the number of abortions . 
  more than 99 % of down-pregnancies are aborted in denmark reddit told me just recently . 
  men want to be 35 and have a 20 year old wife to have children with . 
  will someone explain what nt is supposed to mean ? 
  you may be younger than twenty . 
  klammeraffe is actually real . 
  it does n't actually mean that , but if you were describing to someone which sign to use in the early days of the internet you might have used klammeraffe . 
  did n't hear it for like over ten years , though . 
   which i can do online and pay through credit card 14 dollars . 
  as a travel visa requirements , it \u00b4 s really really as simple , and very cheap , as it gets it 's still annoying and insulting . 
   the usa is actually not making it particularly difficult for me , of course it does , it requires you to be esta approved . 
   maybe it is not fair exactly , but imo not worth making things difficult for american tourists , why not ? 
  the usa is making it difficult for us . 
   $ 100 is a lot of money , particularly for something not actually necessary , for a stupid formality . 
  sure , but i have to spend money to get `` esta-approved '' which is essentially pretty much the same as a visum , while americans can just fly over and enter without * any * hassle . 
  that 's fair ? 
  [ eh , not exactly . 
  we are both german and eu citizens . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union ) . 
   have one passport that you just happen to be able to issue in 28 official languages ? 
  i believe we are doing that , are we not ? 
  all the passports are the same , they just state your home country on the front page . 
  that 's actually true . 
  coca-cola could n't import coca-cola because of the war and invented fanta instead . 
   only funny if you know german popculture , though . 
  i do n't think so , most germans have never heard of haftbefehl . 
  although now that i 've seen that video i have to admit b\u00f6hmermanns is even funnier . 
  i believe his point was that the republik should have banned the nsdap when they still had a chance . 
  in germany rent is on top of the $ 400 , because rent varies from city to city . 
   you will laugh but austria is even worse . 
  we pay `` mindestsicherung '' if an immigrant cant find a job and that is about 900-1000 $ . 
  but that includes rent , does it not ? 
  correct , but / u/artsyattack is still wrong . 
  we already did , yeah . 
  basic welfare ie . 
  a 45m \u00b2 1br apartment and $ 399 monthly . 
  we have the same in germany . 
  lidl sells normal brands , but cheaper . 
  well , they do have their own line of cleaning stuffs , but no food . 
  since when does lidl have its own brands ? 
  we are the country that invented aldi ( you may know them as trader joes ) , trust me on this one . 
  you are n't making any sense , most of the vegetables sold in germany come from spain . 
  eh , eating hersheys * is * literally like eating vomit . 
  they add butryc acid . 
  on purpose . 
  milka ai n't cheap ? 
  but why buy cheap shit tasting chocolate ? 
  and hershey could make it taste better * instantly * by getting rid of the butryc acid they actually add on purpose . 
  no , germany has the lowest grocery prices in the civilized world . 
   obviously you 're going to have a harder time doing that in a place like detroit , but that goes without saying . 
  do n't understand why that should be obvious . 
  any town in germany with an aldi or lidl has perfectly fine food on offer every day . 
  ah , yeah , that makes sense too . 
  do we know an etymologist we could call ? 
  is it still wodka if made from barley instead of potatos ? 
  and does n't that derive from `` burned wine '' ? 
  in germany we call it branntwein , because it 's wine we burned ( cooked ) to distill . 
  huh , i never realized that other countries make korn . 
  i guess i really never thought about it , it seems like a distinctly german thing to do . 
  because , obviously , the political beliefs of the justices should n't matter . 
  if they were doing their job correctly . 
  he did n't give an example of a political decision made by our constitutional court . 
   i have noticed that some americans have a tendency to do that . 
  but are n't you being equally ignorant as those people , by saying all americans do this ? 
  i 'm not saying * all * americans , i 'm saying * most * americans and this one in particular , too . 
   and this is exactly why courts can not publish binding laws which they are not trying to do ? 
   i 'm watching bernie right now , he 's talking about repealing citizens united . 
  he 's basically saying he would appoint liberal justices . 
  that 's ok . no , that 's not okay . 
  our court does n't make political decisions , we already covered that . 
   as far as appointing justices , it has been pretty overtly political for the last 30 years , which is regrettable of course . 
  while there are political undertones and ideological positions by the justices , there will never be overt political reasoning . 
  do n't the newsprograms actually questions whether justices are pro-life or whatever ? 
  and counting how many are republicans or democrats ? 
  the very fact that the ninth judge will not be choses until next year proves my point very clearly . 
   you mention the death penalty , but it was actually abolished in 1972 without any legal reasoning or agreement . 
  last time i checked the usa still executed people . 
   but had to overrule themselves because under constitutional analysis , the death penalty is not `` cruel and unusual '' punishment . 
  so they reallowed the death penalty for political reasons , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  they just wrote it in a way that does n't like that was what they did . 
   so one day the death penalty will be abolished by legislation or by scotus . 
  maybe you could argue this is political , but as long as scotus has a legal means of making a determination , it will do so . 
  it does n't really have those means , it * is * cruel . 
  they are just ignoring it . 
   btw , in the mid 90s , george pataki was elected governor of ny solely on support for the death penalty . 
  precisely my point ? 
   now most people are against it . 
  so we probably can expect it to be unconstitutional again . 
  that 's not how that should work . 
  but what about the bullshit that corporations now are entitled to religious believes ? 
  how is that not political ? 
   your belief that the constitutional provisions against cruel and unusual punishment prohibit the death penalty is an opinion . 
  no , it 's a fact . 
  and it 's really not just the death penalty , the conditions in your prisons are appalling and mostly cruel . 
  that 's a fact .
