   if an mp voted against what their constituency voted , i doubt they would be re-elected in 2020 . 
  so what ? 
  then they do n't get re-elected . 
  who the fuck cares . 
  some things are more important than some party . 
  and the stay-supporters would vote for them anyway . 
   it is really sad to see how many apparently actually believe that the eu is just a tool of germany and in the end does what germany wants . 
  that 'd be great , though . 
  the assumption was that the uk would n't actually leave . 
  what ? 
  everyone with a bit of sense assumed they would ' t leave at all . 
   it 's not through the ehic , it 's through a separate arrangement where the nhs pays the spanish system directly for their care . 
  ah , fine then . 
  but that could continue without the eu . 
   during the campaign vote leave said the referendum was not about leaving the common market , it was only about our membership of the eu . 
  you can not have one without the other . 
  everybody knew that . 
  ops title is misleading . 
  may said today that the uk would be leaving , but that 's not certain yet . 
  however ... why would she give up the little teeny tiny bit of bargaining power she had ? 
  oh , i know , i was just saying that bridge simulator is a real game . 
   with this one , you 'd still have to repeat the steps to put it in park . 
  video shows that one push forward is enough to put it in park . 
   i did n't say crysler invented it , but they chose to install it in their vehicles . 
  and ? 
  i currently have an audi a8 that uses it . 
  there 's no way a non-retarded person would get out of that car while it 's not in park . 
  it 's just the same as the old kind , except for not having to move it left/right which saves * lots * of space . 
  it 's better in literally every way . 
  edit : that video shows a shifter that 's different again and does return to neutral position again after choosing position . 
  that is * less * optimal , but still absolutely 100 % safe . 
  and it saves even more space . 
  that video does n't show that the car is chiming if the door is opened in n or r. i 'm with you on preferring buttons instead of touchscreen of course . 
  what 's the other shifter he 's talking about ? 
  the old kind where you had to move the stick left/right , too ? 
  they do n't have to * catch up * , they just could n't be bothered to . 
  any current car model can be made electric within a year , it 's not difficult . 
  [ german post office actually makes theses itself ] ( http://i.auto-bild.de/ir_img/1/0/8/4/8/1/5/streetscooter-fuer-die-deutsche-post-dhl-729x486-3396c28c53e77e87.jpg ) . 
  100km electric range , just enough for one day at work . 
   ou 'd have an agreeable argument if you had compared the quality and comfort of a german luxury vehicle with a similarly priced american vehicle that runs on the same energy source . 
  try it , it 's an easy win . 
  literally any german that is comparably priced to any american car has better interior quality . 
  being electric does n't make any car better or worse . 
  there is no comparably priced german car that has so * few * features . 
  and the energy source is completely irrelevant . 
   i 'm not saying tesla 's are made cheaply i 'm saying it , their interior quality is terrible . 
  not sure if serious or honestly do n't know about bridge building simulator ? 
  there 's actually several , some of them are pretty good . 
  it 's true , but merkel should n't have done that anyway . 
   are there clear communication lines between armies ? 
  will there be a central command in case of war ? 
  how will it be formed ? 
  how will all the different nations form a single front ? 
  nato already has all of that , yeah . 
  it did , until merkel got a law passed that specifically allows circumcision . 
   is n't the visa cheaper in the long run though ? 
  no idea , but it 's also a hassle . 
  i shall check next time i 'm in k\u00f6benhavn . 
  du m\u00e5 venligst unskyld at jeg bruger \u00f6 p\u00e5 dansk but for some reason i only know the number for \u00e5 and was too lazy . 
  four months, 
  need a visum to go to russia . 
   to walk across the borders a few times , each time carrying a couple of hard liquor bottles ? 
  that 's felony tax evasion . 
  there are still ferries from helsingborg to helsing\u00f6r , are there not ? 
  was sweden part of denmark at that time ? 
   i do n't know how many times i have to emphasise that we really do n't mind eu citizens visiting the uk . 
  there is no reason to assume you 'd mind , but that 's also not the issue . 
  the uk minds immigration from eu and by saying ireland has `` complete free reign '' you are saying that ireland could prevent immigration from eu citzens and i 'm saying that 's incorrect . 
  that 's all . 
  for the * fourth * time . 
   the uk is still going to let any eu citizen walk right in at heathrow . 
  withdrawing from freedom of movement is about no longer giving automatic right to live and work in the uk , not come here on holiday . 
  and ireland ca n't prevent eu citizens from setting up shop and working in ireland . 
  so it is not able to change it 's own immigration policy on its own . 
  i believe this is like the third time i 'm telling you this . 
   freedom of movement means that ireland must allow eu citizens to live/work in ireland . 
  however , not being in schengen means that you do require a passport to travel to roi from the continent . 
  yes , but that does n't have anything to do with immigration policy . 
   by being outside of schengen , ireland has complete free reign to allow anyone it wants into ireland , including uk citizens even after brexit . 
  no , it does n't . 
  any eu citizen can walk right in . 
  ni should just join i and there 'd be no problem . 
   roi is not in schengen ah , yes , i forgot about that . 
  then why are we even talking about this ? 
   ireland retains complete sovereignty over its immigration policy . 
  i have no idea what that has to do with the schengen area . 
  because it does n't . 
  ireland still has freedom of movement exactly like the uk does . 
  why do the ni care about that ? 
  really no other way , is there ? 
  ireland ca n't just let anyone inside that comes from outside the eu . 
  huh ? 
  the border will obviously have to be closed . 
  ireland is required to patrol its eu-outside border with north ireland . 
  has n't the uk held ni hostage for decades by now ? 
  i 'm sure the companies have to be `` cool with that '' because of laws . 
   that 's the point . 
  without proper funding , this would turn into even more of a mess . 
  no , the problem would be solved , because they would n't be here . 
  we could also use the exact same amount of money the million costs us and support at least * five * million people in camps in turkey .
