  right ? 
  i do n't think that 's necessary . 
  definitely sounds green , yeah . 
  you , too , are technically correct . 
  there 's a dresscode in the bundestag , though . 
  neither , the bundesversammlung is basically an electoral college and the states send celebrities or other people they 'd like to honour as electors . 
  so technically / u/shootinganelephant is correct , the best kind of correct . 
  why not ? 
  he probably asked someone to get nominated because he wanted to go . 
  it 's completely irrelevant who gets nominated as long as the nominating party can be sure the nominee is n't going to do a switcheroo . 
  wait ... your question was already answered :   it is a tradition that for the later the parties nominee celebrities . 
  so . . what the hell ? 
   j\u00f3n gnarr was n't sure if you like him . 
  let 's see if this works ... : j\u00f3n gnarr . 
  i 'd be fine with the exchange of some bierm\u00e4dchen for a couple of your pigegarder . 
  only 18 + of course . 
   governments are accountable under the constitution and human rights , this is a discriminating law that limits freedom of choice of people purely for their ethnicity . 
  so change the constitution . 
  fact is : danes think there 's too many brown people in denmark . 
  deal with it . 
   this is the dumbest comment i 've seen in years . 
  are you a teenager ? 
   obesity is a health problem . 
  so what ? 
  i do n't care if your health is bad , i care about you being * fat * . 
   you can choose to not `` like '' anything you want , but when the government clearly makes a law targeting brown people then that is racist . 
  do n't insult our intelligence with this kind of garbage comparison . 
  i did n't even said it 's not racist . 
  where 's that coming from ? 
  which european country has indigenous non-white people ? 
   monetary system technically they still have scottish pounds . 
  news at 11 : someone repeats an obvious thing . 
   `` descendents of non western countries '' is unequivocally racist . 
  * i 'm not attracted to fat people . 
  * i 'm not attracted to brown people . 
  one is wrong and the other is okay in your opinion ? 
   if they cared about europe they would have said non european . 
  they chose `` non western '' for a reason , and that reason was to create a pc way of saying : you need to be white . 
  any child can see the racism behind this . 
  what ? 
  which european country has indigenous non-white people ? 
  because danish people are n't aryan ? 
  and once hitler learned that in 1935 the nazis even stopped using the word . 
   why would you consider yourself a dane ? 
  try speaking danish . 
  there 's too many non-western immigrants in denmark . 
  there , i said it . 
  now what ? 
  it 's true . 
  seems reasonable . 
  ships taller than 65m * and * having draft higher than 8m . 
  if either measurement is lower they 're fine . 
  just the other day a 140m sailyacht was completed in kiel and i read in the paper that it has to use the \u00d6resund because it 's 100m high . 
  so that sund is 8m deep and the yacht needs 7.5 m. 
  hmm . 
  not sure , does n't that have suspension on one whole half instead of only in the middle ? 
  edit : [ apparently not , so . . 
  yes . 
  you seem to be under the impression that streaming providers were n't the very last attempt at squeezing the last dollar out of someone . 
  us will still work . 
  but that would raise prices in estonia ... why is that good for estonia ? 
  currently that extension would still work . 
  and even after the change it will work if you want to use a netflix outside of the eu . 
  news at 11 : prices in currently cheap european countries will rise . 
  i also actually prefer to watch british netflix while in the uk and danish netflix in denmark instead of german netflix everywhere . 
  nah , and as the other guy said and you obviously know dutch is like a sister to german . 
  `` ik ben minister van geld '' for example is totally understandable without subtitles . 
  dutch subtitles are surprisingly understandable . 
  the swedes are completely crazy apparently . 
  and in the german when it was still on . 
  the dwarves are apparently included in the fort . 
  i loved that show as a kid . 
  even better , the normal insulting crime that applies to everyone will be kept on the books . 
  this only removes the * special * foreign heads of state insulting law . 
  nothing would be different . 
  i refuse to believe that you elected hundreds of certified retards . 
  that the labour mps should obviously vote for what 's better for their country ? 
  namely : * remain * . 
  and that the party would n't suffer by that because those who like to remain would like labour then . 
  honestly , i prefer you leaving because the uk has been bitching far too often and to impertinent , but the obviously better choice for the uk would be to remain . 
   that trade zone includes non single market balkan countries too . 
  [ nope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_trade_association ) . 
   there are not tariffs currently . 
  the question is whether or not the eu wants to impose tariffs . 
  by being a non-eu-country without a trade agreement the tariffs that apply to that category of countries automatically apply to the eu . 
   they do want tariff free trade with the eu , which is what may also wants . 
  but they can not get that without free movement !, 
   from britain 's side , they would have been fine with staying in the eu if only they were allowed some compromises here and there in addition to the vast amounts of ~ ~ compromises ~ ~ * exceptions * it already got . 
  nope . 
  we 've had it . 
  suck it up or leave . 
   so instead a slim minority of 48 % should be allowed to keep us in ? 
  of course . 
   but people can not seriously believe that following a slim majority is n't better than following a slim minority ? 
  * of course !, 
  * this is kind of important and constitutional changes in many ( most ) countries require a two thirds or sometimes even three quarters majorities for obvious reasons . 
  and if they vote * for * brexit there will be just as many violent and severe consequences . 
  they were n't promised that a simple majority would result in brexit . 
   politicians are voted in to serve the public and do as the public wishes , actually not . 
  if that were true you would n't need representatives and could implement direct democracy using voting on your smartphone .
