  which is weird and we never understood that in 2004 . 
  it 's really their own fault that so many poles moved to the uk . 
   a country can negotiate not being part of the zone ( denmark , uk ) no , a country * could * do that * in the past * . 
  no , they are * required * to adapt the euro when they fulfill the convergence criteria . 
   they were dicks when negotiating , but when it is about complying with their obligations they were top class . 
  yes ? 
  how ` bout voting rights for their prison inmates ? 
  how do those feel about the uk complying with eu rules ? 
   eu dumping laws made it impossible to make a profit . 
  that 's the point of those laws . 
  makes absolutely no sense whatsoever to not repeal the act immediately when the two years are up . 
  eh , no , it 's what / u/h0agh said . 
  * uk : we are special , you do n't treat us right !, 
  * eu : k. * uk : we 'll leave ( maybe ) !, 
  * uk : okay , we 're basically out the door !, 
  * eu : do n't let the door hurt you on the way out . 
   treaty making power , like declarations of war , are part of the royal prerogative and do n't need parliamentary consent . 
  treaties do n't have to be ratified by parliament in the uk ? 
  interesting . 
   we just have a very different constitution from you . 
  ( one of the many reasons why it did not make sense for us to be in the eu . ), 
  well , we do agree on that . 
  and i read that link you posted fully now , apparently you 're correct , * but * the european communities act of 1972 would have to be repealed by parliament . 
  without a repeal of that all that leaving the eu would accomplish would be ... what ? 
  you would n't get subsidies anymore , you would n't have to pay anymore , you would n't be in the common market anymore , but you would * still * have to allow unhindered migration from the eu because all eu laws and regulations still apply in the uk . 
  and the eu could make any new regulation it wants without a voice from the uk and it would still apply in the uk automatically . 
  ca n't see that happening . 
  arm ? 
  you 're maybe a finger , if even . 
   so what he was saying is that there would n't be a united states of europe without one european country playing that role . 
  i believe the british actually believe it 's germany . 
  what other is there ? 
  i really can not believe that british law really empower the prime minister , * any * prime minster , to leave the eu whenever he wants to for no reason . 
  that would mean ever since article50 was created the current pm could have left at any time just because he had a bad day ? 
  how dumb are these british really ? 
   there are constitutional procedures dating back to the magna carta that need to be fulfilled first , bullshit , it just needs a vote in parliament . 
  we 're quite fed up with their constant complaining for many years . 
  now we do n't have to listen anymore . 
  no , that 's not possible . 
  * scotlands leaves , is now independent country . 
  * independent scotland applies to eu to enter , as the country that never was part of the uk that it is . 
  because it 's a new country . 
  * eu debated and eventually says yes . 
  * scotland has a `` should we enter '' referendum . 
  * 27 other countries have a `` shall we let scotland enter '' decision making process . 
  * scotland will eventually enter * everything * . 
  as far as i know it 's not possible for new countries to opt-out of schengen and euro . 
  this will take at least one full year after scotland is independent . 
  no one can talk to scotland before because it 's not an actual country . 
  it obviously could n't control that , no . 
   again , merkel disagrees with you there . 
  pardon me if i take the word of the chancellor of germany over a random redditor . 
  could n't find another article on that , though . 
  you should refrain to use british media in the future if you are interested in truth , apparently . 
  and the video in the article linked by you conveniently ends before merkel says in german what she supposedly has said according to your linked article . 
  merkel literally said :  [ chancellor angela merkel of germany tried to thread that needle in a speech to the german parliament tuesday before leaving for brussels , warning that britain would suffer as a result of its `` brexit '' vote and could not expect to enjoy the privileges of membership , like access to europe 's single market , while sloughing off its burdens . 
  `` whoever wants to leave this family can not expect to have no more obligations but to keep the privileges , '' she said . 
  `` there must be and will be a noticeable difference between whether a country wants to be a member of the european union family or not . '' ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/29/world/europe/brexit.html?_r=0 ) and that 's just how it is . 
  there will also be absolutely no negotiation whatsoever with the uk before it actually invokes article 50 , those will only start after it is actually clear that the uk will leave for sure . 
   you 're actually impossible to deal with . 
  not true ? 
  seriously ? 
  ffs i 've just shown why the numbers you gave do n't match up to mine , you did n't . 
   and yet you still still cling to this dumb narrative that if there 's two numbers , it must be the german one that 's correct . 
  the german and the eu one , yes , of course . 
   stop blindly ignoring numbers from reputable sources and actually read them . 
  i said the same to you . 
   do n't try and spin this , i 've already asked you multiple times to cite the law in your favour , and you 've ignored me because you ca n't prove anything . 
  because i totally know all obscure british laws , right ? 
   do n't try and spin this , i 've already asked you multiple times to cite the law in your favour , and you 've ignored me because you ca n't prove anything . 
  but here , a gesture of goodwill , if you know what that means . 
  `` a mobility clause says employees have to move within certain limits . 
  it means that employers can normally force their employees to move to places allowed by the clause , unless this is completely unreasonable . 
  '' , for example , moving to another country when that 's not in the contract . 
  '' ** employers can make their employees redundant if they decide not to move . 
  ** '' , so it is possible . 
  and in this case their employer did n't * choose * to move but he ** has ** to move , by law . 
  so this law is probably not even applicable . 
    but they are n't in the common market . 
  so no `` the city '' anymore for the uk . 
   but they trade with the common market without restrictions . 
  you do n't need to be part of a country 's market , only have access to it . 
  no , they do n't trade without * any * restrictions . 
  and access to the * actual * common market is necessary for the city . 
  so efta or get the move on to paris/frankfurt . 
    you will not get any exemption in the negotiations . 
  if the eu would give you any it could mean that other countries start believing leaving is a good idea . 
  ca n't have that . 
   again , merkel disagrees with you there . 
  pardon me if i take the word of the chancellor of germany over a random redditor . 
  apparently merkel is nearly as dumb as cameron , but you will absolutely not get acesss to the common market without freedom of movement . 
  wo n't happen . 
   that 's the dumbest thing i 've heard . 
  do you normally spout rubbish like this ? 
  the financial times has forecast that annual uk vehicle production will exceed its historic peak level ( achieved in 1972 ) by 2017 . 
  yeah , well , those are all built by nissan , vauxhall , honda and about a quarter million of actual british cars . 
  so you do n't actually import many , mh ? 
  either you buy all those nissans and hondas or those plants will leave the uk as well , by the way . 
  did n't think of that before , did you ? 
   german industry is at risk of losing uk markets is tariffs are introduced , and merkel knows that , and has elections next year .
