  yes , the stuff . 
   it 's also reasonable to assume that the woman is n't that oppressed if she is actually applying for a job , especially with proper qualifications . 
  she 's wearing a headscarf so the is either oppressed or delusional . 
   this study did exactly this , the test-subject applied with good qualifications and very good german language skills . 
  even jobs where she would n't usually directly interact with customers had worse callbacks for her headscarf version . 
  that 's really shocking !, 
  i 'm totally surprised by these results !, 
  because quite obviously no one wants to hire a woman who will perform services for customers wearing a headscarf . 
  or actually even anywhere in the company . 
  women wearing headscarfs come from fundamental actual believing muslim families , who 'd want to deal with that stuff ? 
  those people knew before they got them , though . 
  any tattoos . 
  so the women in the headscarf gets the interview . 
  what 's won here ? 
  she still wo n't get the job , but instead everyones time was wasted . 
  because you totally know how german turks are , right ? 
  and who is surprised ? 
  if and when tax rates for these cars change . 
  until then they perform as promised . 
  i 'd assume you can give your card back when you discover your gamling addiction so you ca n't play anymore . 
  same as one can prohibit oneself from ever playing again in a german casino . 
  you can not actually believe that those bases are there for * our * benefit . 
  you remember when you tapped merkels phone ? 
  you probably still do . 
  you do n't think of us as allies . 
  why ? 
  do n't they work ? 
  no , that 's the reality . 
  they have to appeal so they can blame the eu and have * no * blowback . 
  yours ? 
  i just do n't get how any of the top-britains will actually go through with this . 
  what could they possibly be smoking that produces such delusions ? 
  are there lsd pipes in no . 
  10 now ? 
  god , how can they do any work with the constant shouting ? 
   there 'll be no delay and yet here we are months after the referendum and nothing happened . 
  i believe he did ... 
  ttip is pretty much dead . 
   the whole point of being a refugee is to be where they should n't be . 
  contrary to your belief , seeing and being in contact with refugees makes people not believe afd 's hatemongering . 
  i never said it did . 
  but it does * show * them that they are here and then they want them gone . 
  in areas where there are no refugees people will forget about them . 
  it 's quite an obvious difference . 
   apart from that these people just hang out and mind their daily business like anybody else . 
  yeah ? 
  and ? 
  shit costs money , do n't you get that ? 
  we are literally pissing away * our * infrastructure to house these people here for some years until they go home . 
  we gain ** nothing ** by them being here . 
  house and feed them in greece or turkey for all i care , at a tenth the cost . 
   yes , because the people who vote for right wing populists have always been so very adamant about that important distinction . 
  those people do n't suddenly started voting afd , if they were the npd would have had results in the 20 % . 
  the new afd voters are normal people who did n't want a million illegal immigrants in the country . 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  seeing refugees makes people aware that they are here when they should n't and makes people * more * inclined to want them gone . 
  what the ? 
  the turks have been here for decades and no afd got twenty percent . 
  now we imported a million illegals and the afd gets twenty percent . 
  i wonder what the reason might be . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the turks that have lived here for fourty years are n't meant when someones talks about `` the migrants '' . 
  does n't mean they get to immigrate * illegally * . 
  the foreigners already living in germany before merkel opened the gates are different . 
  there should , but the greek might have `` lost '' that evidence before they were able to enter it into the database . 
  yes , nobody is surprised . 
  that act orders lower courts to see the human rights convention as law . 
  without it just the highest court of the uk will do that . 
  but that 's it . 
  apparently he meant immigrants that have been living here for decades . 
  in that case it 'd make a little sense . 
  the they are supposed to love paying for all these refugees ? 
  afd will be * less * succesful in a state that has immigrants and refugees ? 
  how is that statement supposed to make sense ? 
  the point is they might gain enough voters that voted for the afd today . 
  that would n't help the cdu . 
  csu could gain * much * more votes if it would run in all 16 states than the cdu could gain in bavaria . 
   so again , who else . 
  seehofer is a moron , but he is n't dumb . 
  he knows that his csu wo n't survive a separation from the cdu ( and the predictable split of his voter base ) . 
  not sure what you mean . 
  the csu has always been separate from the cdu . 
  sure would . 
  but is that better ? 
  but that 's all merkel knows how to do . 
  they read them and did it anyway . 
  same i read , so we do n't know if apple is actually telling the truth here . 
  i have a strong feeling they are counting income taxes collected on their employees salaries . 
   `` we paid $ 400 million in taxes in ireland in 2014 notice the missing words that would tell us * what * taxes apple is talking about . 
   if they were breaking no laws ? 
  technically they did . 
  a said `` b is doing this and that '' , which was found to be untrue now . 
  and in any case , the recipient of illegal subsidies has to payback the subsidies even the state who willingly paid the subsidies doesn #t want them back . 
  should be totally obvious to anyone . 
  you did n't follow any of this , did you ? 
  a claimed company b was doing thing c. eu found that to be untrue and tells ireland , which was looking the other way because its having an affair with a , to change tax bills for past ten years . 
  obviously . 
  by calculating their profits and filling out their tax forms in the correct way . 
  which they did n't . 
   they did n't skip out on any taxes .
