  how do you suppose germany would pay for supporting them ? 
  do n't evade the question . 
  and no law says we have to let them in , we only have to process once they made it here . 
  what could you possibly train them in ? 
  definitely the better option . 
  just bomb every weapon in syria . 
  problem solved . 
  yes please . 
  i 'd be fine with sending half a dozen corvettes to help them . 
  bullshit , they will never work . 
   they ca n't build a wall in the sea . 
  shoot any boat coming over , eventually they will stop . 
  i 've been saying that since august . 
  they wo n't . 
  they will go home in 5 to ten years and until then they wo n't have learned any useable german and wo n't have complete any kind of actual education , so what could they possibly work at ? 
  how are ** you ** going to pay for all those people then ? 
  no one who has any sanity left could possibly be okay with importing * another * four million hartzer , that 's just nuts . 
  why are they fleeing from austria ? 
  is there war in austria ? 
  not sure ... kind of a borderline case . 
  those percentages seem quite high . 
  there is no way germany is over 20 % blonde . 
   ok , then which court is the one which sets a precedent ? 
  technically none . 
  lower courts just rule like the higher courts ruled because they do n't like getting overruled again and again , they are not required to follow precedents . 
  decisions of the administrative court is the saarland can be appealed to the higher administrative court of the saarland . 
  those decisions can be appealed to the federal administrative courts , but in this case only on points of law , not on facts . 
  decisions of the lower courts are almost always of no consequence other in that exact case . 
  decision of the higher courts can and will be cited nationwide in proceedings in other cases , but the other courts will determine if they agree or do n't if in another state . 
  if in the same state they will more often than not follow their higher courts opinion . 
  if the federal court decided it 's very unlikely that any other court would decide differently in a matter that is exactly the same . 
  i 'm no expert , but from what i know about air defense a single regiment of patriots is not enouhg , is it ? 
  when i was in the airforce i believe germany still had two each of patriots , hawks ( where i was ) and rolands * and * those cool-as-hell flak tanks . 
  the nukes are only on german soil because * the usa wants them there * . 
  we actually had quite a few protests against them . 
  the airforce did have rolands , did the army have their own ? 
  this would n't be a problem is we would send a roland battery with every army regiment or so . 
  sure , but those can not replace a flak-tank . 
  you are stating the obvious . 
  well done . 
  and it uses the same round as the g36 and nato , that certainly makes sense . 
  you 've already been told it must not be used for any of that . 
  pretty sure that applies to the american military on american soil , too . 
   which , by the way , is like five seconds of sustained fire . 
  that thing ate so many rounds ... yeah , i only got to fire about 300 rounds during one day , but it was great fun . 
  but . . it 's gone ? 
  what did we replace it with ? 
   people believe shit like that in europe ? 
  believe ? 
  we * are * in afganistan , are we not ? 
   it stops becoming a mutual alliance it never was a mutual alliance with regards to the usa . 
  the usa is not going to be invaded by anyone ever . 
  to do ... what ? 
  do * you * really think germany is about to be attacked by anyone ? 
  so why throw away $ 40b/yr on useless arms ? 
  sure , we do . 
  using american nukes obviously , but we do still have a couple tornados left . 
  that 's actually a good idea . 
  thank you for your service . 
  also : only those who can not get actual jobs join the army . 
   well without accounting for inflation ( ! ), 
  the budget of the military of defense today is about 1.21 times the budget the federal republic of germany meanwhile the gdp today is around 2.68 times as much as it was in 1989 . 
  that seems enough . 
   we abondend every flak tank we had ( now without them ) , do n't we still have roland , though ? 
  the cockpit lights can not be dimmed , this creates a problem when using night vision goggles . 
  not when they 're made by the lowest bidder . 
  they have to operate exactly to spec and not a tiny bit better . 
  and just for comparison : if one shoots more than 150 rounds on full auto out of an mg3 that barrel is likely to be broken . 
  at least that 's what they told us in the army and why they made us change the barrel after 100 rounds . 
  that 's why she is still around . 
  angie keeps her because she intends her to be her replacement . 
  plenty = = 10 . 
  in this very thread danes reported that it 's not possible to buy guaranteed non-halal-meat in denmark . 
  so the sihks suddenly became vegetarians . 
  i 'm sure they 're happy about that , would n't you say / u/moyet ? 
  nobody said it should be required , but not serving any pork ever because of muslims * is * banning pork . 
  and that 's just not acceptable . 
   because i do n't see european countries removing christmas from the public holiday list . 
  that 's because the immigrants have to start celebrating christmas . 
  in the non-religious way of course , practically nobody seriously thinks christmas is a religious holiday anymore . 
   why is that so hard to give that same respect to muslims ? 
  why is it so hard to understand that they are * guests * that have to integrate into whatever culture they * chose * to move to . 
  not providing pork just because some muslims are in the institution is appalling . 
  you do n't get the point . 
  ah , i get it now . 
  you are seriously advocating to no longer serve pork at the kindergarten . 
  did n't expect you to be insane . 
  you did n't read / u/warhead71 's comment then . 
  no idea what you are trying to accomplish here . 
  that 's the problem we are talking about , yes . 
  / u/warhead71 proposed a solution `` danes bring their food , muslims get food provided '' . 
  i explained to him that that 's the wrong solution . 
  no idea what you are on about . 
   stay off the pork how is that a big problem for integration ? 
  yup . 
  i 'm sure you would object to me not eating black pudding after twenty years in the uk . 
  i have n't seen anyone objecting . 
  other than that it 's obviously unnecessary and the muslims should integrate into society by eating normal meat and pork . 
   yes it is . 
  the requirement is that animals are alive and healthy , not that they are conscious .
