  there are satanists who consider themselves atheists . 
  but i think / u/redrumofthesheep means atheists in the more conventional sense , people who subscribe to no belief system or faith tradition whatsoever . 
  and i do n't know if he 's right that they 're `` known to burn down churches '' in whatever area he means by `` here '' . 
  to my knowledge , church-burning is pretty rare everywhere , so it 's very easy for a small number of incidents to make one place or time look like a hotbed of it , even if it does n't really mean anything in the larger scope of geography and history . 
  it 's true . 
  where i live , there are lots of ` old ' ( by murican standards ) churches and such ( back as far as the 17th century , but most are younger ) , and the only reason they 're still around ( the ones that have n't burned , that is ) is that they 're constantly maintained . 
  some , i 'm sure , have reached the point of the ship of theseus , where very little of the original remains after countless repairs . 
  but yeah , wood is very hard to keep going for a really long time . 
  ` rt ' and ` news ' are words i do n't usually connect to each other . 
  the one thing i really love there is your train station . 
  i 'm assuming it was an accident . 
  he was trying to hurl a molotov cocktail out the window to fend off nazi zombies , and missed . 
  it could happen to anyone . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  both are barbaric . 
  it 's not relevant which is supposedly * more * so . 
  any many people did . 
  well , if garnishment works any similarly there to how it does here , the net result of choosing not to work would be permanent poverty . 
  generally , if you owe money , you ca n't have nice things . 
  if you obtain nice things by other means , then you commit more crime , with obvious risk . 
  in the end , if you 're able , it 's usually just better to suck it up , work it off , and live your life a little less glamorously than you would have otherwise . 
   even the bible includes a part were jesus messes up a temple . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  go back and read it again . 
  please have the courtesy to supply at least a few words to explain what a link is . 
  you 're not entirely wrong , but it 's more complicated than that , and your flat statement ignores that each edifice has its own story . 
  it surely was mostly political in many cases , and that 's easily verified . 
  but there were plenty of cases where it was not . 
  you ca n't just dismiss centuries of this kind of stuff across so much territory with a cynical wave of the hand . 
  just imagine where we 'd be if they had not enforced a singular monopoly on all that , or constrained it due to irrational belief ? 
  celebrated science historian james burke pointed out that the vacuum was ` discovered ' when it was in western science only because it happened to no longer offend religious belief . 
  it had been discovered several times before , but was officially denounced by religious authorities as impossible , because it offended their beliefs . 
  yay , religious support of scientific progress . 
  let 's not overplay this . 
  this seems to presume that those advances and developments would not have happened otherwise , like people would just be sitting around in their mud huts wondering how stuff works and if that knowledge might be useful . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  yes , religion has indeed been a generous patron to the arts and sciences both . 
  but * anyone * could be , and it 's not specifically relevant what their motives were . 
  economic needs have been the larger contributor , and that has much less romantic motives , but they 're just as effective for the same end results . 
  and let 's not overlook how religion has also had the * opposite * effect on arts and sciences , for much less commendable reasons . 
  the often-voiced notion that our modern world is a gift of faith is merely a recognition that that happens to be the history behind us . 
  it is no kind of proof that things would be worse without it . 
  i know of no place in the world that 's short of them . 
  well , if they 're good , then mexicans * will * pay for them . 
  a lot of countries are more metal than us . 
  most americans make the mistake of assuming that wherever they are is typical of the whole country . 
  there are some great metal cities in the u.s. , but most of the country is , well , country , frankly . 
  on the whole , metal is only a small part of the overall american music scene . 
  but at least half of scandinavia is a lot more metal , especially black metal . 
  there 's a lot of truth to this . 
  the worst love songs are from people in happy relationships . 
  no , but they could still make a good attempt . 
  talk about retro design in structures for worship . 
   ~ ~ churches ~ ~ most buildings , of all kinds . 
  fixed . 
  some of them sure are unsightly , though . 
  at least one of them looks like an implantable medical device . 
  there 's a grace and elegance to most older churches that 's missing from many newer ones . 
  some of these examples seem like advertising for radical new building materials with interesting properties . 
  the fact that you can now tie a building in knots is impressive , but not necessarily attractive . 
  i get the point , but 1 ) who the hell cares anymore ? 
  and 2 ) what about the * earlier * pagan beliefs that were displaced by the later ones ? 
  would it be justified to just reduce everything to paleolithic roots ? 
  seems very silly . 
  also extremely douchy . 
  yeah , but by u.s. standards of the last couple decades , he really is fairly described as left-centre . 
  i agree that it should n't be like that , but right now it is here . 
  oh , i know all that . 
  it was just a joke . 
  not a very good one , apparently . 
  it 's still a very bizarre thing to say , for anyone . 
  obama is easily the most left-leaning president we 've had since ww2 . 
  i mean , i personally consider him ` left-centre ' ( and indeed , it 's all but impossible for non-centrists to get elected president ) , and plenty of us would like a government that is * more * left-leaning in a number of ways . 
  but it 's extremely bizarre to pick * this guy * as `` literally the furthest right of every politician in your country '' . 
  there are politicians here who are * far * more right-leaning than * any * democrat , and even most republicans . 
  what time zone ?!, 
  the validity of our outrage depends on this !, 
  nato is only concerned with their strategic value as an ally . 
  but it certainly helps if the people on our side are n't ethically embarrassing . 
   and a flaming homosexual yes , by all means , let 's show how much better we are by using grade-school gay slurs . 
   obama is literally the furthest right of every politician in your country this is some kind of satire , yes ? 
  i mean , he 's literally been accused of communism by serious people who do n't mean it as satire , but really believe it . 
  it seems to me that groups like that would peter out ( so to speak ) in just a few generations . 
  that 's the sense i 'm getting , too , heh . 
  well , it beats being dead , i guess . 
  matter of opinion , perhaps . 
  well , i obviously do n't know all the weird little details that might play into the decision , and every situation will be different . 
  none of that was offered in the story , only the basic facts , and i am not psychic . 
  even the people in this thread seem to disagree , sometimes significantly , on what the political reality is , which i could probably interpret to suggest that you 're expressing only your own perspective , which may or may not be realistic . 
  i do n't know . 
  but i 'm not going to assume that you necessarily do either . 
  putting myself in the same position , in contexts i 'd be more familiar with , i think i 'd be very reluctant to surrender my control of a large and powerful vehicle when faced with a guy on the ground outside in a tracksuit pointing a pistol at the car . 
  he 's unlikely to place a good shot if he 's rushed , whereas the vehicle is much more likely to hit him , or at least scare the shit out of him . 
  from my perspective , surrendering a position of strength could mean surrendering your life , and that 's not a gamble i think i 'd take under the same or similar circumstances . 
  compare , though , to a situation of , say , a street mugging , where the relative power is much closer , and it 's less likely to end in violence if i comply with i already know is the motive to merely get something of value . 
  in that situation , there 'd be much less justification to consider violence , and good reasons not to . 
  i 'm not pretending to know everything about everything , only responding to the words you used in the story you told , which is all i really have to go on . 
  holy cats , i grew up with the same one . 
  must have been just about everywhere in the world at some point . 
   they ordered us out of the car and we had pretty much no other choice than to comply .
