is google not working for you ? 
  wait , a finn sat * next * to you ? 
  clearly psychotic . 
  literally . 
  we should ask whom and how much he paid . 
  if the answer is one * obol , * then we 'll know . 
  i 'm with you on all the examples you * cited , * but you left out the clogged toilets and puke-filled sinks . 
  are you arguing that it 's inappropriate to be disgruntled about that ? 
  hold on . 
  clogged toilets and puke-filled sinks are not ` fun ' for anyone . 
  or if they are , that 's kind of a messed-up concept of ` fun ' if you ask me . 
  i 've been on plenty of ferry rides , and i think i 'd be pretty pissed , too , if it was like that . 
  i think that 's probably true of most cities , anywhere you go . 
  what would you expect from something nordic named ` viking ' ? 
  get over yourself , kid . 
  some people ca n't tell jokes , and an emotionally healthy person welcomes constructive criticism rather than reacting to it like a child . 
  i 'm not a religious person . 
  defending someone or something that has been wrongly accused or improperly characterised is not the same thing as agreeing with or supporting that thing or person . 
  that 's a child 's logic . 
  the bible is a gigantic mess of content , some of which accurately reflects documented history , and much of which accurately references actual historical things . 
  a great deal also does not , or distorts the same , or in some ironic cases includes accidental details that reveal such distortions . 
  to flatly state that it 's ` fictional ' ignores the parts that are historically accurate , just as claiming that it 's all true ignores the fact that most of it is not verified , a great deal of it probably * can not * be verified , and more than a little of it is probably impossible in this universe . 
  the great bulk of it is largely distorted or misunderstood modern-day echos of bronze age stories , and the bulk of those are ultimately traceable to pre-christian mythology , especially zoroastrianism . 
  so , some of it * is * fact ; but very little of what is verifiably factual within it is relevant to its main narrative and intent . 
  see , you * can * be grown-up about all this , if you choose to . 
   retarded mature people do not use this word in this way . 
  be better than that . 
  i 'm wiling to give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  i think you 're a little young , and a little excitable , and maybe a little trigger-happy , and made some quick assumptions that happened to be wrong , based on your misunderstanding of what i wrote and why . 
  it think you * can * be better than you 've demonstrated here . 
  i do n't keep score , but in the vast majority of cases where i try to give someone a fair shake , they double down and prove me the fool for trying to be decent to them instead of giving them the thrashing they have coming to them , or better yet ignore them as not worth the effort . 
  you can be that rare person who shows some glimmer of self-awareness and adequate humility to deal with yourself honestly , and eventually others also . 
  well , here 's a very ignorant comment . 
  merely pointing out a factual error is no kind of endorsement . 
  you need to grow up . 
  whatever . 
  get over yourself . 
  after all this babble , you 've still yet to clearly explain what the hell you 've got your panties in a twist over to begin with , and what you want to be done about it . 
  it 's a lot of whiny noise at my end , like a crying baby . 
  i do n't know what your problem is or what you want , but it sure is irritating , and i 'm pretty much done caring . 
  until and unless you mature enough to understand and accept that you are the only person responsible for your interactions with other people , you can expect a lot more like this one . 
  and i do n't care what you think . 
  i just want you to stop making irritating noises at this point . 
  get over it . 
  the adult world does n't care about your feelings . 
  you 're going to be judged every day for the rest of your life . 
  whinging about that wo n't make it better . 
  the only thing you can do is try to be kind of person others do n't mock . 
  you 're being childish . 
  and you 'll be judged for that , too . 
  there 's a reason you do n't see most adults saying the kind of stuff you are here . 
  what happened in history is in the past . 
  deal with it and let it go . 
  there will always be some pagans , and maybe there will be some more , but pre-christian europe is never coming back . 
  ever . 
  and if christianity ever leaves , it wo n't be for any of the reasons you 're suggesting , but because it 's not popular anymore . 
  another thing you need to understand and learn to accept is that the reality around is not there because everyone else is not as smart as you are . 
  it 's because that 's what popularly accepted . 
  all those other people mostly disagree with how you feel about this , and i 'm sorry , but that 's just too bad . 
  again , suck it up . 
  by all means , make a reasonable effort as you feel warranted to try to gently persuade them . 
  but just whinging about it wo n't change anything , believe me . 
  and being unhappy about it will only make you unhappy , and maybe anyone else who has to hear it . 
  you ca n't really change that , except by deciding not to be unhappy about it . 
  it 's entirely appropriate to pay respect . 
  i fully agree with that . 
  but i do n't know what else you expect people to do . 
  the clock is not going to turn backwards on any of this . 
  you 're of course free to write however you wish . 
  and everyone else is free to judge you for it , however they wish . 
  i have trouble respecting people who either do n't respect themselves or do n't respect others . 
  if this conversation was happening face to face speech and i spent all my time mumbling and talking with my mouth full , you 'd be right to judge me harshly for that . 
  so suck it up . 
  online , we are only our words , and your words are sloppy and careless . 
  just for starters , how about some paragraphs ? 
  they taught that in your school , did n't they ? 
  you think other people want to read your wall of text ? 
  or is that not your priority or desire ? 
  you 're being arbitrary , though . 
  europe has tens of thousands of years of religious history , and most it 's long gone , forever . 
  just focusing on the ones right before christendom is merely convenient . 
  there 's nothing objectively more special about that than what people are doing now or what they were doing long before that no one remembers any more . 
  sure , it 's all part of history , but let 's not pretend that any part of history is inherently more valid than any other . 
  please do n't use run-on sentences . 
  have some consideration for those you ask to read your writing , and also show enough * self * - respect to write like someone who stayed awake in school . 
  i know that comma splices are very common in casual writing these days , but the fact that a lot of other people may do something does n't make it okay . 
  and it definitely does n't make it less irritating to read . 
  your abuse of comma splices may be part of the reason i 'm unclear on what your thesis is here . 
  my sense of what you 've said so far is that some people today are unhappy about the waves of christianisation that swept across europe in the past . 
  but that was a long time ago , and i see no point in anyone being upset about it now . 
  these are democratic countries , not theocracies , and i do n't see how anyone 's free practice of whatever religion they prefer ( or none ) is hampered by events of centuries ago . 
  more , the only way the world can have peace is for people to be mature enough to get over wrongs of the past . 
  elsewise , we will have to destroy everything and slay each other . 
  so unless you can explain to me a good reason for people alive right now to be caring a lot about all this , i 'm still of the opinion that it 's in the past and everyone needs to get over it . 
  it 's all a matter of cost versus benefit . 
  people do n't build things out of wood because they do n't know better , but because it makes some kind of economic sense . 
  not necessarily the kind i 'd agree with myself , of course . 
  how long ago are we talking about here ? 
  within the lifetime of any living person ? 
  `` satanists '' is a broad term .
