  a motor vehicle can be used as a deadly weapon . 
  a range rover has a serious weight advantage over a bmw , and has a stronger chassis . 
  a makarov pistol wo n't stop it , or even slow it down . 
  duck down , punch the gas , and brace for impact . 
  repeat as necessary . 
  well , of course , you * must * be right . 
  i mean , you 're never wrong , right ? 
  we 've already established that you 're not man enough to own up to even the pettiest human errors , so it 's just not possible for you to ever be wrong about anything . 
  instead of talking to me , you should probably spend some time asking yourself some hard questions . 
  this kind of pettiness is n't usually very consequential when you 're young , but as you get older it leads to bigger and bigger problems , including things as serious as lost jobs and failed careers . 
  the sooner you deal with it , the better off you 're likely to be later on in life . 
  okay , guy , whatever you 've got ta tell yourself . 
  you flipped your shit over a * joke , * kid . 
  you 're really not getting this . 
  just guessing from your username , but i 'm fully prepared to be wrong . 
  question is , are you ? 
  you really need to let this go . 
  you 're just making a fool of yourself . 
  you need to grow up , i 'm sorry . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  and the only eason you 're not embarrassing your country also is that you 're not the only finn in this thread . 
  just the only one acting as immature as you are . 
  yes , but what * you 're * describing has no historical precedent . 
  and there 's a reason for that . 
  it 's comforting in a way to know that my country is not alone in having angry immature teenagers who infest the online world . 
  you write like a child . 
  if you ca n't own up to something that petty , you 're going to have a hard time with many other things . 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen . 
  that 's a fantasy , i 'm sorry . 
  find me even one historical example of that working . 
  it 's not my fault you 're lazy . 
  do n't put that on me . 
  it 's so , * so * good . 
  especially if you 've also seen * babylon 5 * . 
  i ca n't encourage you enough . 
  this same group , by the way , went on to make * iron sky * . 
  oh , i found it . 
  but your rampant failure to use capitals where they belong made the usage ambiguous . 
  well , good luck with that , heh . 
  great way to get killed , or end up in an orange jumpsuit ( and then eventually get killed ) . 
  have fun . 
  seriously , this is like the way of the samurai . 
  if a samurai comes for you , and you defeat him , another will come along . 
  and another , if need be . 
  and another . 
  it will never end . 
  there will always be more . 
  it 's like those people who think they can run from the cops . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  you might evade one car , or maybe a dozen , or maybe a hundred , who knows . 
  but no car can take you far enough , fast enough , to outrun * all * of them . 
  there will always be more . 
  you say `` a few '' . 
  * how many * do you think it would take ? 
  a hundred ? 
  a thousand ? 
  how many ? 
  what do you think would happen ? 
  i would call that the least of their problems . 
  i 'm going to assume , just out of what i hope is common sense , that a 13-year-old can not legally purchase a firearm in any civilised country in the world . 
  from that , i presume that the alleged purchase was entirely illegal , and so not affected by permitting laws . 
  and while i do n't doubt you 're right that `` they will fuck up your shit if you are caught , '' how many teenagers do you know who routinely use good sense ? 
  chicago has very strict gun laws , too , but that has little effect on the local black market in guns . 
  well , i 've been a new englander all my life , but we lived there for a couple years ( my mother was born in missouri , by the way ) , and i 've been back a couple times . 
  the stereotype is not without basis . 
  texans are easily the mouthiest people in the u.s. like the old joke goes , you 'll never be unaware of them , because they 'll make sure you know . 
  they attract a lot of attention to themselves . 
  i spent a week there some years back , driving in from texarkana to a small place south of austin , so crossing a good chunk of the state . 
  i do n't offend easily , but i could n't help noticing that especially in parts of east texas , the texas flag was * bigger * than the national flag , and flown * higher * . 
  once or twice is one thing , but i saw it numerous times , and the message seemed to be that some texans consider themselves better than other americans . 
  many texans are very high on what they imagine to be their history ( which is somewhat different from the historical reality ) , especially the nine years they were officially independent . 
  for the week i was out there , i got to hear some version of the well-known saw , `` texas usta be a cawntree , ya know '' many times . 
  after enough of that , and i admit some alcohol was involved , i finally said tiredly , `` yeah , well , so was connecticut . 
  it was a long time ago . 
  we got over it , and you should , too . '', 
  i would never agree that texas is ` radically different ' from the rest of the u.s. 
  but many of them sure seem to think that themselves . 
  which might be fine , if we did n't have to hear it from them so much . 
  it really ca n't be done . 
  the intelligence and logistics are not available to the vast majority of civilians . 
  a few lucky hits are definitely possible , and enough tries is bound to succeed now and then . 
  but a sustained offensive is out of the question , not even worthy of speculation . 
  the resources and capabilities available to lawful armed forces in the u.s. is orders of magnitude beyond even the most fabulous sovereign citizens fantasies . 
  as a concept , that 's not wholly unworkable , but it would be very different in reality . 
  your typical u.s. soldier is young , healthy , strong , well equipped , well armed , well trained , and supported by a massive infrastructure of some of the most advanced surveillance and communications technology in the world . 
  your typical u.s. gun nut who thinks he can take them on is a fat slob ten to twenty years older who has never been in good shape and gets short of breath shopping at walmart , might have gone to community college ( but just as likely did not ) , has little or no relevant training at all , has a mobile phone with navigation software , and has probably gone camping or hunting a number of times . 
  the comparison is n't even laughable , but tragic . 
  it 's very easy for most large western nations to do a huge amount of damage to an area with powerful standoff weapons . 
  eliminating dangerous militants in afghanistan would be quick , easy , and very safe if we did n't care about having a country leftover there afterwards . 
  the goal is to commit the least amount of violence possible to achieve the goal of making the nation safer and able to govern and secure itself . 
  smashing everything wo n't accomplish that . 
  hey , my fists are totally legal . 
  you appear to be correct . 
  according to the 2007 small arms survey report , california had just over 33 million small arms , while texas had a little over 22.3 million . 
  those are absolute numbers , of course . 
  * per capita * or per-household figures are more meaningful , given differences in population . 
  from a 2014 atf report , california had 7.6 guns per 1000 residents , while texas scored 12.8 per thousand . 
  a number of states were notably higher , sometimes by a lot . 
  wyoming topped the list , at 195.7 guns per 1000 residents , which may seem staggering . 
  ( that 's much higher than # 2 -- d.c. , at 66/1000 . ),
