  but raw averages only tell part of the story , because they presume even distribution , and the reality is a lot different in most cases . 
  ownership * percentage * ( proportion of persons or homes who own all those guns ) tells a somewhat different story . 
  it 's very high in wyoming , as you might expect , at 53.85 ( * ibid . 
  * ) but a number of states are higher : west virginia ( 54.2 % ) , idaho ( 56.9 % ) , and arkansas ( 57.9 % ) . 
  ( alaska is by far the highest , at 61.7 % , but i do n't think that comparison is fair or meaningful . 
  alaskans have better reasons than most americans for owning firearms . ), 
  california is just over 20 % , and texas is 35.7 % . 
  so what we 're looking at is , in many places , highly disproportionate ownership rates . 
  texas has a lot more guns per capita compared to california , and they 're in the hands of a much larger proportion of the population . 
  numbers seem to vary a bit by year and source , but there 's generally good consistency between them . 
  ( that is , states that are high in one are high in all , but state-by-state rankings may vary somewhat . ), 
  one source i saw said that alaska is highest , but i think it 's probably not fair to count them at all in such rankings , and instead stick to the lower 48 . 
  in rankings i 've seen , missouri consistently ranks above average , but not in the upper ranks . 
  i 'd call it ` high-normal ' by continental u.s. rankings . 
  what saddened me in looking this up is that gun deaths due to injury , accident , misadventure , and other probably unintentional shootings has a very high consistency with rate of gun ownership . 
  that strongly implies that a great many gun owners are not as responsible as we 'd like them to be . 
  more concerning , though i have to confess not as surprising to me as it should be , there 's some evidence also that these rates may owe at least partly to cultural differences . 
  vermont ranks high in ownership , for example , but low in gun deaths . 
  i hate to be the one to say it , but i think that may reflect a more careless ` yahoo ' attitude among gun owners in some states . 
  someone who 's in-sans . 
  do you know that for certain ? 
  i mean , would you know how to recognise one in the wild if you saw one ? 
  i would n't trust myself to do that , and i * do * know several . 
  back in the '80s , i met plenty of people who claimed they did n't know any gay people . 
  really . 
  from other comments in the thread , it seems that there 's a profusion of unregistered firearms in areas of former yugoslavia , and current regulations likely do little to curb their black-market trade . 
  we have a similar situation in the u.s. , where there 's reasonable regulation on original lawful purchase , but if a firearm is stolen ( depressingly common ) , the laws can do little to control it after that , and definitely ca n't keep track of it . 
  in places like chicago , there 's a very robust black-market trade in stolen guns , and more than a little of that happens in schools . 
   brocock i admit i looked this up to see if it 's slang for something . 
  i sure hope not . 
  when i saw * star wreck : in the pirkinning * i thought , `` this is better than anything paramount has ever made . '', 
  good god , the finns have a dark sense of humour . 
  you 're also the country of lamborghini , but how many of those stay in the country ? 
  varies a lot . 
  over two thirds of us have none at all , and plenty of the rest of us have only one . 
  ( and there are gun nerds out there who would likely argue that even my one does n't really count . ), 
  it 's not a sharp dividing line , but instead a curve that happens to sharply go up towards one end . 
  the disparity is actually much greater . 
  the actual proportion of u.s. citizens who own * any * kind of gun is a little under one third . 
  and that 's only a national average ; [ geographic distribution ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/files/gun-ownership-map-updated.png ) is highly variable , too . 
  alaska is highest , with about 62 % ownership ; delaware is lowest , at about 5 % . 
  ( i 'm not sure if nebraska is part of the international coalition of nodata here or what , but the article i pulled this from does not put them at the bottom . ), 
  just going from the average , the number owned has to a lot higher for the third that have them , with some people surely owning dozens or even hundreds . 
  i would n't be qualified to offer an opinion . 
  i 'm only saying that in the analogy , a carrot acts as an incentive , not a reward that 's earned . 
  i 'm not sure you understand the analogy . 
  the carrot is not a reward but an incentive . 
  you do n't earn it . 
  you instead run the risk of having it taken away . 
  this is exactly how hardened criminals are handled by corrections facilities . 
  they do n't * earn * privileges , but instead receive them by default , and they can later be taken away . 
  inmates must then work to earn them * back * . 
  i 'm not doubting it , but i 'm curious what the motivation would be ? 
  the pr fallout is inevitably horrendous , and the potential liability in any formal settlement of hostilities is huge . 
  if he 's far enough gone , perhaps they could just leave him where he is and * tell * him he 's in prison , and that would be enough . 
  would n't it be ironic if he was transferred to a prison hospital due to his health ? 
  maybe hell does n't want them . 
  not everyone is worth talking to , i 'm sorry . 
   the workers are calmly standing around it and are assessing the damage . 
  well , thanks , i wo n't be sleeping for a few days now . 
  i watched the first video . 
  what am i supposed to be seeing that 's so ` terrifying ' ? 
  as you go through life , the important thing is to never miss an opportunity to publicly dehumanise people you do n't like , rather than maturely accept that they 're not going anywhere and you have to share the world with them . 
  a typical containment can withstand a direct hit from an airliner . 
  an rpg is n't much against that . 
  i consulted someone who 's worked in the field , and here 's what he had to say :  people are still analog in nature - so even if the controls seem analog , they are likely digital in nature , such as the volume on modern car radios . 
  the knob spins all the way around - just letting the system know which way it was adjusted , and by how much , converting your analog movements to a digital value adjustment of the volume ( within the capabilities of the radio . ), 
  that might be a matter of perspective . 
  the dose is the poison , after all . 
  nuclear waste is dangerous , but in many ways also relatively easy to contain , and the bulk of it is actually not high-level . 
  mostly it 's the kind of problem it is right now because it 's usually not separated . 
  if it were , it would be easier but also costlier to manage . 
  remember that hotter is faster when it comes to nuclear decay , so the hottest stuff actually decays the fastest . 
  it absolutely does require special handling , and that 's a very legitimate point to make . 
  but it falls short of flatly declaring nuclear unmanageable . 
  many things are very dangerous that we handle safely . 
  if you 've ever had an mri , for example , you 've been very close to a machine that has at least two ways to kill you in a matter of seconds ( or even less ) , but you probably do n't worry about that very much . 
  the same is true for many things in modern society . 
  the concerns surrounding nuclear are real and serious , but not quite worthy of the tremendous fears commonly associated with it . 
  which is not to dispel or dismiss those , either , but we should try to look at all of these things as realistically as we can , and in full context of everything else . 
  as for proliferation risk , that 's largely untrue . 
  only a very tiny proportion of nuclear waste can be converted for use in an atomic bomb , and what it takes to achieve that requires the know-how and resources of a nation . 
  ( and even most nations are not up to the challenge , frankly . ), 
  it 's more concerning as the material that would be used in a so-called ` dirty ' nuclear weapon , but these materials are a lot harder to smuggle than most people realise . 
  besides being very heavy , they are also very easy to detect , and just being near them can be perilous . 
  so you could try shielding , which would both protect you and make it harder to detect , but it 's a bit like trying to smuggle ice cream across the sahara : what it requires to achieve it is going to be noticeable to most other people . 
  it 's not that you 're wrong , but that your blanket , one-sided approach to this fails to consider all of the available facts . 
  it 's just not as simple as you 're making it out to be . 
  please grow up . 
   people like you take your childish condescension somewhere else . 
  adults are talking . 
  it 's a sadly universal human trait , it seems . 
  yes , and it costs more . 
  but the systems here are connected to data input systems that are in the reactor itself . 
  if you want that data , you ca n't harden those sensors . 
  again , though , i 'm not an expert on this and neither are you . 
  we can sit here and speculate and talk like we 're more knowledgeable than we are all day , and maybe feel smarter for it , without ever arriving at any useful conclusions . 
  as i said , i know someone who has worked in this specific area , and i 'll ask him about it . 
  maybe he knows something useful about this question , maybe he does n't ; but i think it 's very unlikely that you and me talking about it will accomplish anything useful or meaningful . 
  you 're ignorant .
