  anyway , one of their major goals is to draw us out for this great showdown , which they believe will take place at dabiq ( a syrian town near the turkish border ) . 
  the recent attacks in paris are intended to goad the west into reacting with force against middle eastern territories , which is all part of their twisted understanding of how a great islamic victory will come about . 
  most islamic scholars consider this brainless nonsense , of course . 
  but if you 're familiar with christian end-timers , then you have some understanding of what 's going on . 
  if our states were more similar to how they were a thousand years ago -- smaller , weaker , more unstable , more easily corrupted -- than how they are now , then you might see a similar violent movement rise up in europe . 
  ( secular societies have also had a great calming effect on such nuttery , but as you 're aware , it never goes away completely . ), 
  most terrorism is meant to terrorise . 
  some specific recent attacks in europe are meant to * provoke * . 
  but the basic method is the same : seemingly random violence against populations is intended to leverage democracy against its own interests , as a force magnifier for much weaker powers . 
  this is what people always say when they want to drag you down to their level . 
  it 's like arguing with a child . 
  no , not every stupid argument is worth having . 
  some people are just stupid , or jerks , or have stupid or jerky ideas , and are n't worth the time . 
  so no . 
  go play with your stupid ideas somewhere else , or with someone closer to your own level , or someone who 's got the time or patience ( or just fascinated curiosity ) to put up with your nonsense . 
  you 're remarkably immature , do you know that ? 
  are you a teenager ? 
  terrorism is about * striking terror * . 
  it is intended to magnify the emotional and psychological threat perceived by vastly inferior threats , by embarrassing governments and creating in citizens a sense that * no place is safe * . 
  in strictly objective terms , however , terrorism is a fairly minor threat . 
  there are many common things that are much more likely to kill you , and you probably do many of them not only willingly but enthusiastically . 
  i know i do . 
  it 's foolish and ignorant to be afraid of terrorists , as most of us stand an extremely small chance of ever falling victim to them . 
  being afraid is what they want from us . 
  the best possible thing we can do to fight them is to * not * be afraid . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  i find your travel route analogy inappropriate as * you * provide it , but allow me to reshape it to the reality of terrorism . 
  you do n't clarify what makes one route more dangerous than another . 
  suppose , then , that the danger is created deliberately by malicious people , whose goal is to cause you to change your route . 
  okay , so you do that . 
  then , they attack your * other * route . 
  okay , so you change that . 
  soon enough , you run out of routes , do n't you ? 
  that 's what terrorism is about , trying to get you to change your ways out of fear . 
  would n't it be smarter to stand up to those assholes , so you can take any damn route you want ? 
  ( or any route * at all ? 
  * ) stop being afraid . 
  that 's what they want . 
  if you let them frighten you , then they win . 
  see , i tried to join the navy . 
  ( all service branches are spelt with capitals , by the way , like your name . 
  i know it saves a quarter second or whatever to skip that , but please show some respect . ), 
  at the time , though , dykes were not allowed to join . 
  i do n't give care why you did n't serve , and i do n't expect you or anyone else to care why * i * did n't . 
  it does n't matter . 
  that 's an analogy , and i should n't have to explain that to you . 
  do n't typify all of us by one broad stroke such as `` hardcore rebellions values '' . 
  there are over 300 million of us , across 50 states , a federal district , five major territories , and several other possessions , covering over 9.8 million square kilometres . 
  there is no single statement that is true for all of us , and many that are true for some of us are the * opposite * of true for many of the rest of us . 
  i personally do n't know what you mean by this expression , and i tend to doubt it applies to me . 
  you want to be pragmatic ? 
  refusing to give terrorists what they want is being pragmatic . 
  refusing to let angry people try to reshape you and your society and your culture and your way of life and your values is pragmatic . 
  standing up for what you sincerely believe in , even at the risk of your own life , if it means that tomorrow may be better for someone else because you were willing to do that , is pragmatic . 
  pragmatic is what * makes something better * . 
  caving in to fear * does not * make anything better , and is * not * pragmatic . 
  the entire * point * of terrorism is to convince you to think and feel this way . 
  * deny * them that , or they win , and you lose . 
  and this is n't some damn game of chequers , where it does n't matter who wins or loses . 
  this is about the future of humanity itself . 
  what kind of world do you want to spend the rest of your life in ? 
  what kind of world do you want future generations to live in ? 
  i do n't even have kids , and i care about that a great deal , and believe it is my * duty * to do what i can to make things better -- even if means my life . 
  because if i 'm not willing to die for a better world , then who is , and how will that ever be achieved ? 
  at some point , you have to examine your place in the world and ask yourself what you 've done and what you 're doing to justify it . 
  if we 're not trying to make something better , then what right do we have to draw air and drink water ? 
  never mind the many benefits of our societies , which afford us great freedom and enjoyment of life . 
  we worked very hard for all that . 
  if we let some angry people convince us to give it up out of fear , then we * deserve * to lose it . 
  it 's * not * ` needlessly ' risky . 
  it 's very * important * that we directly confront our fears and do exactly what we 're trying to be convinced not to do , because * that 's what they want from us * . 
  if you back down to a bully , the bully will never stop bullying . 
  you 'll be reduced further and further . 
  you must stand up to that . 
  because unlike school , real life never ends . 
  this is it . 
  this is what it 's all about . 
  if we ca n't fight for this , what * can * we fight for ? 
  what 's worth living for , if we ca n't even live our lives the way we * want , * instead of how we think is ` practical ' or needful ? 
  if you think living needfully is good enough , there are plenty of places in the world where there 's very little to have and very little to lose . 
   with incidence rates of terrorist attacks and when the rate drops to an ideal level ( ideally never fucking again ) . 
  ` never ' is a very unrealistic concept , a child 's hope . 
  you 're not a child . 
  terrorism is a human thing , and we are all humans . 
  as long as there are humans , there will be terrorism . 
  like all things , you accept that , or you 'll never be able to live . 
  it 's not going away , and the rate of incidence is never going to drop to `` never fucking again , '' i promise you . 
   i have several ideas but none are politically correct enough to put forward here . 
  frankly i do n't think there is a politically correct solution . 
  only ugly solutions that will at the very least hurt the feelings of many people . 
  if you 're afraid of hurting people 's feelings , you 're never going to solve difficult problems . 
  look at me . 
  i 'm not afraid of hurting your feelings . 
  if you ca n't handle harsh truths , then you ca n't , but i 'm not going to lose any sleep over it , believe me . 
  i assume you mean various pigheaded proposals such as glassifying parts of the middle east . 
  if it may bring you any peace of mind , trust me when i tell you that those ideas wo n't work , so there 's no point in pondering it further , never mind worrying about hurting anyone 's feelings . 
  what we 're up against are not people or ordnance , or anything that any of our impressive military hardware and personnel can attack . 
  we 're up against * ideas * and * feelings * . 
  you ca n't bomb that , no matter how hard you try . 
  at best , we can only limit the threat through use of force , but never eliminate it -- and even those containment measures can easily make things worse .
