  i ca n't help you with that , i 'm sorry . 
  it 's up to you to educate yourself on these matters . 
  though technically deprecated at this point ( along with numerous similar words that preceded it in use and were likewise twisted into childish insults until they no longer served their original purpose ) , in the u.s. the word ` retarded ' , when applied to people , was originally a clinical term literally meaning ` slowed ' . 
  ( compare , for example , to the musical notation * ritard , * the italian of the exact same word , meaning to slow down . ), 
  in conventional use in english , to * retard * something is to impede it so that it slows down . 
  many earlier words used to used clinically to refer to people with ` slowed ' cognition -- moron , imbecile , etc. 
  -- have all been twisted by english speakers into petty insults , mostly used by immature people , forcing grown-ups , especially those working with slow people , to develop new terms . 
  inevitably , those terms all get twisted into common insults , however , and ` retarded ' is only the most recent . 
  i might be more interested in engaging you on all this if you did n't sound like a hysterical child . 
  i hope you 're at least old enough to understand that no one * owes * you a responce , and that refusal to engage you on your own level is not the same thing as agreeing with you . 
  nearly everyone has the habit of tuning out people who seem to be a waste of time . 
  come back when you 're ready to discuss this in a calm and grown-up way . 
  your comment is probably well-meaning ( if intemperate and bit immature ) , but you are only partly correct . 
  light is light , and it 's not hard to design hardware that makes better use of it than our evolved eyes do . 
  surely you 're aware that we 've already had for many decades hardware that can ` see ' well beyond human range . 
  the sun puts out enormous energy across far more of the electromagnetic spectrum than the much more limited range of human vision can make good use of , and we can , do , and have designed solar collection facilities that also make good use of that wider spectrum . 
  what you 're correct about is that solar is considerably less useful when the angle of the sun 's rays is lower in the sky -- the fundamental aspect of the period we call ` winter ' wherever it occurs on the planet 's surface . 
  but you 're mistaken that `` solar power gives you 0w [ sic ] when it is winter in the northern hemisphere '' . 
  it merely provides * less * . 
  interesting question . 
  i have a friend who has had some involvement in that end of nuclear , and i 'll ask him about it . 
  on a hunch , i 'd suppose that electromechanical relays are either a lot more reliable , or are less subject to confusion from stray emissions . 
  forgive me for saying this , but your comment sounds a little nuts . 
  you really believe that bill gates gives a wet fart about what anyone on reddit says ? 
  cynicism has never made anything better . 
  even if you 're right , your attitude is corrosive and does n't help anything or anyone . 
  solar power can be tuned to benefit from different frequencies of light . 
  if you can see outside , you can collect solar energy . 
  it 's an interesting question . 
  i 'd say that the first thing to assess is the country 's * need , * and * where * that is . 
  the country 's population distribution is enormously asymmetric , with the bulk of people at the far western end , and only scattered dense ( and mostly small ) population centres between there and kamchatka . 
  so any source that requires large-scale production and long-line transmission probably belongs in the west only , and anywhere else should consider options that can benefit from much smaller-scale production and much shorter transmission ; renewables are probably a good option in most of those cases . 
  to my knowledge , most of the country benefits from wind , water , or solar most of the time , and could make ample use of those readily available sources . 
  in the west , the sheer volume of need , together with the much greater density , would justify large-scale centralised production on the scale this plant promises . 
  both perspectives are supported by facts . 
  during energy production , nuclear has by far the lowest emissions of any active energy production method . 
  ( passive production sources can however be even lower . ), 
  before and after , however , and at least * potentially * during production , nuclear * also * poses a level of risk far exceeding that of any other energy production method known . 
  so there 's available argument resting on facts for nearly any perspective on it . 
  to some extent , they are all correct . 
   retarded socially mature people do not use this word in this way . 
  you both should know better . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're aware of this , but sunlight reaches the surface of the earth at more places than just every 5000 + km . 
  it 's not necessary to transmit the power over great distances in every case . 
  especially because collection facilities can be as small as something on top of your house . 
  i suggest you read up on it ; it 's fascinating , and it sounds like there 's a lot you could learn about it . 
  i 'm a proponent of nuclear for many reasons , but / u/jafo _ jafo is right about most of what he says , and it 's both immature and dismissive for you to write him off as an ` environmentalist ' as if that 's a bad thing . 
  anyone who lives anywhere should be an environmentalist to some degree , if you 're intelligent at all . 
  even higher animals know better than to shit where they eat . 
  \\* * than *, 
  it 's really only kids and other immature people who concern themselves with ` who started it ' . 
  it 's hypocritical to fear terrorism and yet get in a motor vehicle , ever . 
  or eat a great deal of the food we produce in our society . 
  if you smoke , then you pretty much lose any argument about any purported ` threat ' of terrorism . 
  i could go on , but i know you get my point : we all accept and even pursue very real and well-documented threats to our well-being that are all much more threatening to us than terrorism ever can be . 
  to avoid terrorism while accepting those other avoidable threats is ludicrous . 
  what do you think * is * the point of terrorism ? 
  do you think there are people in the world who feel it 's a lot of * fun * to go to foreign places and get themselves killed ? 
  they have real goals . 
  they may be * insane * goals , but they 're goals nonetheless . 
  terrorism is how weak people try to manipulate societies much more powerful than them . 
  if they were capable of taking us on face to face , they would . 
  they do n't , because they know they ca n't win that way ; we are many times more powerful than they are . 
  so instead , the try to terrify our people , and harass us generally , and try to demonstrate that they can breach our security in order to scare us more and try to embarrass our governments . 
  it 's all about distorting our perception of them , to fear them when they do not pose much of any real threat , and to get us to change our way of living . 
  the old game of if you ca n't win , try to make the other person lose anyway . 
  if you ca n't win the game , at least try to prevent the other person from winning somehow . 
  it 's like the kid who throws the chess board so that * no one * can win . 
  * of course * they 're trying to instill fear . 
  that 's the entire point . 
  that 's why we call them ` terrorists ' . 
  what did you * think * they were trying to do ? 
  drive up local mill rates by damaging civil engineering ? 
  terrorists want to terrify specific populations . 
  they 're not going to tokyo ( not right now , anyway ) because they do n't have specific issues with the government of japan . 
  you seem to think they 're must after * any * populations , but they 're not . 
  terrorism is a political act , and its motives are political . 
  they attack us because of our foreign policy , and our far-reaching global power . 
  osama bin laden 's main problem with us -- and with his own government -- was ` infidel ' boots on what he considered sacred soil , the land of saudi arabia . 
  he considered the saud family themselves to be apostates , for allowing us to maintain a base in that country . 
  if we had just closed that base and left and kept our people out of that country , he never would have come for us ; if the saudi government had kicked us out and publicly said they were doing it on religious grounds , he might have forgiven them . 
  i 'm not saying that either of those things should have happened ( quite the opposite ) ; i 'm only trying to clarify for you what kinds of motives are involved . 
  at this time , terrorists have no reason to want to go after japanese , so japanese are mostly safe from them . 
  ( they seem to generate their own domestic terrorists just fine , however , as in the sarin attack on their subway by some weird cult . ), 
  what 's going on in western europe is a bit more complicated . 
  years ago , they struck spain because spain was part of the international coalition involved in iraq . 
  spain withdrew from that , which likely prevented further attacks . 
  should spain have done that ? 
  was giving in to terrorism the right thing to do ? 
  that 's hard to say . 
  from an american perspective , it 's not : you do n't give in to bullies , or they 'll never go away . 
  but spain is not a very wealthy or powerful country , and there 's only so much any given country can take . 
  sometimes , backing down is prudent if others can carry the challenge for you , which is a reasonable way to regard that situation . 
  more to the point , spain 's * people * demanded this . 
  right or wrong , that 's one common goal of terrorism , especially against democratic societies , to scare the common people into demanding political changes that terrorists themselves are far too weak to force through direct challenge to those same states . 
  what 's going on more recently in places like france is a new motive in terrorism , driven by an especially insane purpose . 
  daesh believes they are living in the end times as described in certain interpretations of islamic scripture ( i do n't recall the details , sorry ) , which call for a final great showdown with the ` armies of rome ' . 
  that 's us , of course -- all western powers and their descendents , since the founding period of the 7th century ce ; never mind that by that point , ` rome ' was a decaying shell of its former glory , and we were well on our way into the dark ages already . 
  in its earliest days , islam won converts by conquest , driven by an ideology of purity . 
  ( if this sounds familiar to some western readers , it should : it 's very similar to what drove our later crusades against those same people . ),
