   is it your farm , or are you an employee ? 
  does your farm have employees or is it strictly a family affair ? 
  it 's my dad 's and grandma 's farm but we also have 2 employees and sometimes family members helping out . 
   what kind of crops do you grow ? 
  dairy farm , so only grass and corn  if your parents were farmers , did they discourage or encourage you to follow in their footsteps ? 
  my dad does n't force me to take me over the farm . 
  i know he would like me to take it over , but he knows that 's a waste of my possibilities . 
   did you receive any post-secondary education related to agriculture ? 
  ( college or university level classes ? ), 
  still in school , going to university in a year or so but i will most likely go in the it direction . 
   what kind of equipment do you have ? 
  what brands ? 
  are you the type that buys new stuff every year or do you still use tractors that your grandfather used ? 
  we have 3 new john deere 's , for a farm of 140 dairy cows and veals etc. 
  we buy new stuff pretty frequently , and we also built a few new barns in the last couple of years . 
  i live 800 meters away from my neighbours , which is very rare for the netherlands . 
  and sligro too, 
  you mean ruud gullit ? 
  yes , but they only make 3 romantical comedies every year . 
  1 ) amsterdam timezone ( gmt +1 ) 2 ) i 'm from the netherlands . 
  i go to a pretty international school so i 'm constantly exposed to other ( european ) cultures . 
  3 ) dutch native , ib in english and a small bit of french and german . 
  4 ) currently not . 
  5 ) i have been permanently banned from / r/askanamerican and banned for 14 days on / r/shitamericanssay + - 1.5 years ago for brigading . 
  i learned my lesson . 
  now i try to report any brigaders i see by modmail . 
  6 ) very active . 
  i have a lot of time on my hands so i check it multiple times a day . 
  7 ) sure , we could do weekly smalltalk threads and every friday we could have a special day for a certain country , e.g. 
  ` spain day ' or ` liechtenstein day ' . 
  those are just some examples but we could also ask the users of the sub about their creative ideas . 
  8 ) because of medical reasons i have a very large amount of time on my hands that i also dedicate to modding the subreddit . 
  a user insults you directly without realising you 're a mod , as part of a comment reply . 
  what , if anything , would you do ? 
  remove the comment and give him a warning for personally insulting a user , does n't matter if i 'm a mod or not , it wo n't change the punishment . 
  a submission has been heavily downvoted and has received a significant number of reports for containing controversial political opinions . 
  what , if anything , would you do ? 
  i would investigate the op 's account to see if he has a history on reddit or if it 's just an account purely made for building controversy . 
  if it 's a genuine user i 'd most like lock the thread for being too controversial or leave it open and let the downvotes decide . 
  if it 's a 3 hours old troll account i 'd most likely ban the user . 
   c . a user has post history on other subreddits would break rules on here ( eg frequently says extremely rascist things ) but is careful to not break the rules on this sub , instead using coded language . 
  how would you handle them ? 
  what users do on other subs should n't affect our modding opinions . 
  if the user brings their extreme opinions to this sub however , with no intent of real discussion but just to bait the users of the sub to respond ( which happens a lot with / r/shiteuropeanssay users coming to this subreddit ) i would most likely remove the thread and give the user a warning . 
  edit : formatting, 
  woah , we 're going deeper, 
  except that schadenfreude is not culturally unique . 
  those are some mental gymnastics, 
  rotterdammer detected, 
  great . 
  intellectual , nuanced , humorous and gezellig . 
  the community is friendly and helpful . 
  itt : classic / r/askeurope users responding to a troll ... 
  account is still fresh , probably a troll . 
  de volkskrant has a left wing bias, 
  every university in the netherlands offers english programs, 
  i always do it with people who call others out for being biased . 
  you 'd be surprised what you find . 
  do n't mind to start an argument . 
  just check his history . 
  he says `` he thinks '' , he 's not saying it 's the only truth . 
  it 's his experience . 
  stop acting so pretentious , please . 
  funny that a vegan , anarchist and feminist calls someone out for being biased on this subject . 
  i really like lubach and van der laan & woe . 
  tex de wit is also very funny . 
  it would be more like `` gotdemmit '', 
  goddammit sounds cute in dutch ? 
  are we talking about the same language ? 
  speak for yourself, 
  and that , ladies and gentlemen , is exactly what you should n't do . 
  damn , 6 minutes too late, 
  same here, 
  frankfurt or amsterdam, 
  triggered american detected, 
  there 's a coffeeshop in amsterdam that got hugely popular by ocean 's twelve . 
  locals try to avoid it now . 
  link doesnt work on mobile, 
   we have literally billions of castles uhmm . . 
  so many ? 
  i do n't think that 's a lot at all . 
  i disagree , i would n't even dare to swear in front of my parents . 
  i do swear a lot in public though . 
  and also to complete strangers , at least in my experience . 
  not enough liquorice in them . 
  and now there 's oh oh daar gaan we weer . 
  too bad it contains lelystad and almere . 
  you do n't know my mates ^ / s, 
  `` are ya taking a bloody piss mate '' gets me everytime, 
  i 'd do it , askeurope is not a lot of moderation work compared to the average subreddit i believe . 
  and i currently have a huge amount of time on my hands too . 
  an expansion of the mod team would be nice, 
  * triggered *, 
  the netherlands ^ ^ / s, 
  in 1st grade of high school ( 12-13 years old ) we cycled to school everyday , around 10km for most people . 
  one day we were pretty early and therefor were the leaders of a huge chain of teenagers ( more than 150 at least ) . 
  we were having some fun and did some wheelies when the clumsiest guy in the group gives it a shot and literally rips his steer off and drives into a ditch . 
  he called in sick for school and his mom had to pick him up . 
  one of a few good memories from 1st grade . 
  our laws are even stricter .
