  history and geography . 
  later dropped geography because it 's such a useless subject . 
  field hockey , 9.5 years now . 
  also cycling to school is 18km for me so it feels like a sport . 
  i agree , visited lille with school and had an absolutely terrible experience . 
  boring city , overrated shopping centre and a lot of street beggars and homeless people . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  huge stereotypical generalization . 
  whitening is not very popular in europe . 
  it is only done by the upper class or celebs . 
  i 'm technically correct but still getting downvotes , yay reddit . 
  canada is bigger than the us ? 
  i have been to lake garda and lake trasimeno . 
  even at lake trasimeno , which is much less touristic , we managed fine without having to speak italian . 
  some speak english and some do n't , but we were always able to communicate . 
  there 's only one very salty poster on that sub . 
  you have to admire his dedication . 
  not needed , lake garda is super touristic . 
  what do you mean ? 
  found the american . 
  change your flair because now we do n't know which country you 're from . 
  in the netherlands you barely see homeless people except in amsterdam , they 're more frequent there . 
  i find it great compared to other european cities . 
  i was in lille once and there were child beggars were everywhere . 
  they even stole my friends drink but he managed to get it back . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  my friends were n't taught those 3 subjects and i found it ridiculous . 
  i get bored just thinking of it . 
  were you taught geography , history and biology in elementary ? 
  it really depends i think . 
  i 'm from a rural village and was taught english in 7th and 8th grade . 
  my friends from the city however , were n't taught english until first grade of high school . 
  it very rarely snows in amsterdam . 
  it wo n't be slippery on the roads because they spray salt . 
  just watch out with special bicycle paths that are separated from the roads ( especially roundabouts ) because they can be extremely slippery . 
  just a tip , if you want the visit the anne frank huis , you really need to get your ticket in advance . 
  from the albert cuyp i recommend the best stroopwafel in the world . 
  also check out cheese stalls ( do n't visit the cheeseshops , huge tourist trap ) . 
  try herring with onions and a ` patatje oorlog ' ( fries with mayonaise and peanut sauce , most of the time onions too ) . 
  there are many good restaurants in amsterdam , from burger places to the best of the best . 
  you should n't have to visit a mcdonald 's or burger king , unless you really want to . 
  do you not start with english in elementary school ? 
  i recommend you check out [ this wiki ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/amsterdam/wiki/index ) for amsterdam . 
  agreed . 
  the anne frank huis is very much a tourist trap . 
  you 'd be better off trying different foods at the albert cuyp markt . 
  all three museums are free of charge for your age too . 
  under 18 is free for a lot of museums in amsterdam . 
   personal dislike for some of the local attitudes , i guess . 
  please , explain . 
  i 'm very curious . 
  op 's home country for coming up with this question . 
  rough g masterrace, 
  it is definitely taught in vwo and havo . 
  o-zone of course !, 
  he 's a retard , ignore him . 
  wow , never knew ombudsman was swedish . 
  we 're talking about holidays here . 
  in vwo5 and 6 everyone goes to belgium or spain as far as i know . 
  central/eastern europe is not very popular ( yet ) . 
  in the netherlands we say : `` doe maar normaal , dan doe je al gek genoeg . '', 
  which roughly translates to ` just act normal , then you already act crazy enough ' . 
  actually many elderly go to benidorm , and youngsters go to andalusia or italy . 
  do n't know where you got those impressions . 
  dutch grammar is rather easy for speaking , writing is where dutch gets more difficult ( for example verbs ending in t , d or dt ) . 
  dutch grammar can also get obnoxious in high school , but the skills you learn there you will never need in real life . 
  pronounciation is also not very complicated with maybe an exception for the famous throat-clearing g. edit : dutch nouns also do n't have genders anymore , like they do in french and german . 
  we also do n't have grammatical cases anymore . 
  actually frisian is the easiest to learn for native english speakers , followed by dutch . 
  this is because the languages have so many similarities . 
  learn to spell kiddo, 
  well , that 's one way to spell definitely . 
  the older generation wants zones where fireworks are not allowed , resulting in anger from the younger generation living there . 
  same shit different year . 
  the discussions that always are around the same time every freaking year . 
  black pete discussion , new year 's eve discussion , etc. 
  dutch women are one of the tallest in the world , wtf . 
  i 'd just change it so that someway i would n't always have to cycle with the wind facing me ... 
  you can drive to sweden easily , there 's a bridge . 
  why ? 
  source ? 
  i really ca n't find a good source on google because every damn website says something completely different . 
  on one site they say argentina has one of the lowest obesity rates and on another they say argentina is in the top 10 . 
  i do n't even know now . 
  only the seychelles have a higher obesity rate than the us . 
  that 's not what the question is . 
  combined with little services and a depressive looking area . 
  average height for women in the netherlands is 1.69 m, 
  we 're second place in groups, 
  beaten by finland once again ... 
  pretty much . 
  it 's decriminalized under 5 grams . 
  treated the same as alcohol and sigarettes . 
  can be a huge journey if he 's on holiday in the east . 
  belarus . 
  everything, 
  do n't feed the troll, 
  red blue white stars and stripes of course, 
  holy what triggered you to be such a sad troll, 
   infrastructure  jealous of belgium .
