how the fuck is britain a `` racist backwater ? '', 
  have you ever even been there ? 
  glad to hear that, 
  fuck you , nazi, 
   most racist parts of the us ... you mean like 1 random town in west texas ? 
  i say that because 99.99 % of the u.s. is ** not racist at all , ** especially compared to a racist backwater like most of europe ( britain would be a notable exception . ), 
   french fries . 
  they 're called freedom fries , you damn socialist . 
  for how much europe hates muslims/arabs/turks / immigrants/multiculturalism/etc , why the hell are doner kebabs popular ? 
  cognitive dissonance ? 
  it sucks that you have -49 karma and that you 've been downvoted so much , but as an american myself , i completely agree . 
  it sucks to see vile dictators like bashar al-assad get a pass in europe while they vilify literally everyone else . 
  +1 for knowing your history , patriot, 
  you 're over-thinking this, 
  usa  europe forever deal with it usa usa usa usa usa, 
   well thanks , but are n't you dismissing countries without any real evidence ? 
  such baseless accusations could be defined as racism ... based off of their hdi ( human development index ) , most of continental europe is indeed stuck in the 20th century , so , i 'm not really making any baseless accusations , my dear briton . 
  nationalize their land and then deport them to zimbabwe . 
  only rational way to deal with any royals . 
  erm mate usa # 1, 
  usa # 1 just blaze 420 jauauaja, 
   europe will rise again . 
  united this time . 
  look what germany did alone . 
  we 'll come back united . 
  and you 'll cower in fear . 
   the old masters are coming back ... lmfao , your population is composed of government-dependent , wine-sipping communists who do n't know the meaning of `` hard-work . '', 
  to top it all off , all of the brilliant people of your intelligentsia immigrate to the u.s. anyway , and so you lose any little talent you had anyway . 
   inform yourself about what a roma is . 
  a roma is a human being , no different than you or i , and thus i know more about what a roma is than even you do . 
   go to wikipedia and read up a little on the roma and their way of life . 
  nice rebuttal , why am i even arguing with someone who probably has long realized that he 's wrong ? 
  and see what for myself ? 
  see a bunch people stuck on the bottom rungs of the socioecomic ladder be prejudiced against by simpletons who do not understand the intricacies of the psychological collective human condition , especially pertaining to poverty ? 
  what the fuck do you think ? 
  do you think that the romas are genetically predisposed to be inferior , both morally and economically , to `` pure white '' europeans ? 
  that is fucking imbecilic , and as someone studying medicine , i can also tell you that it is patently false . 
  racism of any kind does not sit well with me because i have an educated mind . 
  racism does not sit well with any educated , and thereby rational , minds . 
  defining your own country , are you ? 
   among many other problems your country has more serious racial and social issues than any of the european countries . 
  blatantly false . 
  we 're not the ones with the politicians/democratic representatives that are pushing for ethnic segregation in the year 2013 . 
   while you 're welcome to visit this subreddit as well as all of our countries , we really do n't need you to tell us what is or is n't morally good . 
  in other words , `` you 're welcome to browse this subreddit as long as you do n't post any dissenting opinions that may or may not offend us . '', 
  pathetic . 
  holy !, 
  this sub is littered with racists , it seems . 
  the u.k. is the only european country this american would ever consider visiting . 
  the others seem to be stuck in the 20th century . 
  i hope the u.k. secedes from the eu because i feel as though they are far above the eu in terms of both economics and social/moral values . 
  yeah , i do n't care , people said the same things about blacks , and even muslims after 9/11 here , and people from both of those communities are usually decent . 
  there are bad people in every ethnicity/religious group/etc , and there are also good people in them . 
  even if every single one of my hypothetical roma neighbors was a crook ( which they would n't be , obviously , because i have enough common sense to know that that would be false ) , i would still never classify the entire roma/gypsy ethnicity as `` a bunch of crooks who deserve to be ethnically segregated from the rest of society . '', 
  every kid of every ethnicity deserves a chance . 
  europe could learn a lot from canada . 
  i say that because most europeans seem to be too pretentious and self-aggrandizing to think that they could learn from the united states , and so the closest thing would be our great neighbor up north . 
  canada is the perfect example of a country that has almost no crime , yet a bunch of ethnic minorities living everywhere . 
  sounds like the dutch version of the kkk . 
  holy shit , you europeans are fucking racist as hell . 
  i 'm sorry , downvote me all you want , but leaving comments like :  buy a tv ? 
  we all know they will acquire it in any method but that . 
  ... comments that imply all roma people are thieves are disgusting . 
  do n't fucking call us americans racists because you 'll never find that kind of racism here . 
  and then you have politicians that openly call for racial and ethnic segregation into `` scum '' areas based off of illogical sociological postulations and flawed conjectures ? 
  i do n't even know what to say , i had no idea europe was like this . 
  and yours even less , so i down voted you . 
  overzealous european nationalists who act as though their supranational collective is infallible are eurotrash . 
  the rest , however , are not . 
  easy distinction . 
  k good, 
  that is racism , you fucking idiot . 
  yeah , but hurt eurotrash are downvoting you lmao @ them downvoting me, 
  lol @ people downvoting you, 
  no , you nazi scum . 
  why not ? 
   uh , disclaimer : i did not make this . 
   it 's reposted from / r/murica, 
  uh , disclaimer : i did not make this . 
  it 's reposted from / r/murica, 
   actually this is the logic of the swedish goverment . 
  quote former swedish minister of integration jens orback : `` we must be open and tolerant towards islam and muslims because when we become a minority , they will be so towards us . '' ok , have fun with your new muslim overlords , then , since you seem to think reproducing is so fucking important . 
  retard . 
   `` we '' will have no problems in the future , since your offspring will not be existing in that future . 
  by refusing to procreate , you self-loathing libertards will wipe yourself out of the equation . 
  what a delusional imbecile you are . 
   the difference is that my kids will be existing and yours will not . 
  nothing , nothing else matters in the long run . 
  keep thinking that , retard , but do you know what 's funny ? 
  muslims will have more kids than you and me combined , so by your logic , they 'll own the future anyway . 
  enjoy a dose of your own logic , retard . 
  i bet that makes you happy . 
  no one cares what you think because you 're irrational , and as a result , no one gives a single flying fuck about you or what you think . 
  but , i 'm a canadian . 
  browsing that forum makes me lose brain cells . 
  i would advise against visiting the dumb place . 
  yeah , i think you 're probably right . 
   actually , it is the islamophile libertards like you that do not reproduce . 
  that is why you are mass importing them , to make up for the children you didnt bother to have . 
   my kids will be just fine .
