  i guess sometimes being a citizen means more than paying taxes and bitching about politicians . 
  personally i have no problems drinking from the tap and i have n't any change in the last couple of years , but a lot of friends are complaining about the quality and that they prefer bottled water . 
  so , i have no idea ... 
  the costs need to be approved by something called anrsc ( serviciile comunitare de utilit\u0103\u0163i publice ) so the prices are still under government regulation . 
  it could be that the intention behind this map is humour , not complete etymological accuracy . 
  is this satire ? 
  [ edit ] apparently not . 
  `` death duties '' is another expression for inheritance tax . 
  thanx . 
  i never knew about this phenomenon , but the only thing i find absurd in this is the fact that politicians are allowed anywhere near ngo administrations . 
  hmm ... could you provide some links to support this ? 
  afaik bor does not receive government funding , but is only treated as a non-profit organization , thus avoiding being taxed . 
  [ ninja edit ] more so the bor charter document states :  art . 
   [ en ] art . 
  4 ( 1 ) the romanian orthodox church is autonomous from the state or other institutions . 
  could you give some details on why you like viktor orban ? 
  the ones struggling to get corruption under control . 
  the one that is a bit more known on a international level is [ monica macovei ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monica_macovei ) . 
  she was one of the most boycotted ministers of justice romania had ... and i like to believe that 's a sign that she was doing a good job . 
  to be honest i 'm not planning on visiting you guys any time soon . 
  the amount of work you need to do to get a visa is not worth it in my opinion . 
  also having tsa agents welcome me , is not the beginning of my dream vacation . 
  these being said , i would like to visit new orleans , and maybe ride my bike on the east coast greenway . 
  or they put their proverbial money where their mouth is : which would be supporting freedom of speech . 
  thank you . 
  i was wondering if it was worth seeing the whole festival seeing that i 'm not really a theater nerd . 
  have you been to the malta festival before ? 
  i saw it has quite a number of wide array of events . 
  is there a specific focus for it ( dance , art exhibits , music ) ? 
  may i dare add : switzerland : samael . 
  oh , are you saying that there is a difference ? 
  what would you call eta and ira ? 
  [ edit ] in retrospect i see i did n't really read the post to the end . 
  but i think that you can always find a rhetoric that makes `` their terrorists '' worse than ours . 
  do you have a source for that by any chance ? 
  yeah , yeah ... 
  i meant the concrete facts that factored in this number . 
  eg , social housing availability , language courses availability , etc. . . 
  andrei , i also think that romania is not ready to be a schengen entry point , mostly because of the corruption degree of the romanian customs officials . 
  2500 received asylum cases `` received '' does not mean 2500 asylum seekers settled in romania . 
  i am very curious how this figure was divined . 
  seems very specific and not that much different than the proposed 6351 . 
  i think that the most famous one is [ fredo and pidjin ] ( http://www.pidjin.net/ ) . 
  for a very lax definition of french . 
  you seem to be dumb . 
  ... in all it 's 10km glory . 
  because africa is not in the eu . 
  currently , the first ( rohan dennis from bmc racing ) finished with an average of 55.4 km/h . 
  in regular stages the limit for finishing is 115 % of the winner 's time . 
  in romania there is [ electric castle ] ( http://electriccastle.ro/ ) which is pretty good . 
  could you give some examples ? 
  a cursory reading of wikipedia on it , does n't seem to produce anything terrible . 
  i was bothered by his usage of of `` in the closet '' and `` publicly gay '' actually . 
  i was trying to get clarification if his wording is due to lack of empathy or english skills . 
   in the closet . 
  almost no one is publicly gay . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean by this . 
  there are openly gay people in bucharest . 
  it would n't be a bad idea to have a submission statement for a one hour video . 
  it would avoid downvotes for being a smartass too . 
  on a serious note , i think that the high number of people leaving the country is starting to become less migration and more of an expat working abroad kind of thing , falling in with the similar european trend . 
  nationalist tendencies can probably grow in other parts of europe . 
  golden dawn as such , not so much , as nationalism is by definition confined . 
  i was thinking of something on the lines of an federal legal system , which would prosecute and try the corruption charges that would get dragged for years in the regular legal system . 
  why do you think that ? 
  to be honest , i consider myself a lot more of a european citizen than a romanian one . 
  i really resent the tone you 're using . 
  as a national of a similar afflicted country , i can tell you that changing the way a corrupt state works is impossible without external pressure . 
  it 's not like i , the common man , want my politicians/judges/state workers to be corrupt , irresponsible and unqualified . 
  yes , i 'd vote for better people if given the chance , but there are _ no _ better people at the moment and it would probably take decades for them to appear , but i would prefer to have an option where a healthier organism takes some better decisions for a while . 
  why is there different legislation in catalunya than in the other parts of spain ? 
  ( talking about high-way tolls and bigger taxes ), 
  to be honest i do n't really know . 
  a fair article . 
  i think it presents both sides of the ro\u0219ia montan\u0103 issue quite well . 
  also , to my shame , i had no idea that a significant chunk of the people from ro\u0219ia montan\u0103 are actually for this project . 
  well , `` hardly enough '' is a bit of a stretch , but mostly , i agree with you . 
  i was just trying to provide a good reason _ why _ some countries need to have employment restrictions against my country and bulgaria . 
  to be fair , workers coming from eastern european countries have an advantage vs. the locals : they will work for far less pay . 
  i agree , but generally , providing just a terse opinion without expanding on it , gets you down-votes . 
  i was really trying to help you . 
  [ center leftist libertarian ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-2.12&amp;soc=-4.41 ) , i guess . 
  but indeed , i agree with some other people commenting , the questions a a bit leading . 
  why ? 
  i dislike it when people post chart images without providing _ any _ context . 
  if you want an informed discussion , please put a wikipedia link , a chart source , legend ... anything . 
  i do n't see why a technocracy ca n't be at the same time a democracy . 
  eg , allowing the candidature for the ministry of a particular domain only to people that have some sort of degree relevant in that field , then i can vote for these people . 
  very interesting points . 
  thank you . 
  [ edit ] however i do n't know how you link the definition of the \u201e stable population '' ( as given by the nis ) with voting lists , as long as the [ romanian constitution ] ( http://legislatie.resurse-pentru-democratie.org/const_2003.php#036 ) states :  citizens are eligible to vote starting at the age of 18 years , to be by the day of the vote . 
   can not vote people with mental disabilities ... or people under interdiction to vote by a judge decision . 
  [ edit edit ] also it seems unintuitive ( and wrong ) to allow people to vote but have them not count towards the quorum . 
  could you please provide some citation for this ? 
  [ edit ] in retrospect , what you 're saying makes sense somewhat , but i doubt you , as a citizen residing ( legally ) in a different country , will be removed from the voter list . 
  it seems more sensible to be just moved from the voter list of your circumscription to the one at the romanian embassy of your new country of residence . 
  but please provide some links about this thing . 
  afaik the reasons for being removed from the voting lists ( which come from evidenta populatiei ) is losing your status as a romanian citizen or death . 
  did any of these happen to you , or you 're of the opinion that once you leave your country you lose the right to vote ? 
  also ( although i ca n't find a citing source for this right now ) i remember that the venice commission sanctioned passing a referendum law a couple of months before the referendum as being against their rulings , so the eu might have acted in accordance with that .
