  it a great sign of na\u00efvete on your part if you 're expecting honour in the romanian political class . 
  we 've seen this on both sides already , and on multiple occasions . 
  also , generalizing that people did n't vote because they were boycotting the referendum could be incorrect . 
  see , for example how [ mr. andrei plesu ] ( http://www.romanialibera.ro/actualitate/eveniment/andrei-plesu-nu-merg-la-referendum-nu-vad-niciun-motiv-sa-inlocuiesc-un-berbec-cu-doua-gaste-271607.html ) is defending his view . 
  grrrr ... 
  as a first thing , i must state that i do n't think that rising walls between the romanian and the rroma population is the solution . 
  coming back to your question : i do n't think the examples you cite are similar at all with why this happened in romania . 
  here it 's the rroma themselves refuse to integrate in the romanian society ( see some of my - and other romanians ' comments - in this thread ) but still they expect to be given the benefits of living in it . 
  yes , rising the fences is narrow-minded and just a way to hide the actual problem , but the inhabitants do n't have any impediments on their mobility . 
  nobody is preventing them from finding a job ( or a better job ) and better living conditions , nobody is preventing them from going to school and trying to do better than their peers . 
  however these things are not happening . 
  so your claim of being similar to the way jews , palestinians or black people in the us were treated is a bit offensive for me . 
  you 've seen the video , the garbage , the burned walls , the dirty children and the general feeling of desolation in those places . 
  who do you think made them the way they are now ? 
  is it the society 's fault that a group of people can not adapt themselves of living in it ? 
  is it the state 's fault that they do n't bring these places in a liveable condition , only to have them vandalized in a matter of years , or maybe months ? 
  i , for one do n't think so . 
  well , sorry for the longish rant . 
  also i realize i might have over generalized the issue and maybe some of the problems are stemming from actual racism and idiocy of the people around . 
  sorry i was under the impression we 're discussing tfa . 
  and no , i do n't think a democratic vote justifies the violation of human rights . 
  what makes you ask this ? 
  could you elaborate on what makes you say they 're human rights have been violated ? 
  we must have watched different videos . 
  i am not an authority on rroma culture , but you are visualizing them in a overtly romantic light . 
  they are nomads and are refusing to comply with most basic rules of modern society . 
  they do n't register births and marriages with the authorities . 
  they refuse to go to school or get jobs . 
  at the same time they 're trying to take advantage of social programs without supplying anything in return . 
  yes , i 'm sure that not every rroma family is guilty of this blatant refusal to integrate , but those that are trying , are viewed as sale-outs of their culture and as paria by their peers . 
  yes there 's a problem with how they are being perceived by the countries that foster them and by the eu , but in my opinion , that 's mostly their fault . 
  yes , i have . 
  i do n't think you need to get all pedantic on my ass . 
  well , too bad that the current ~ ~ article ~ ~ news report is talking about these isolated incidents . 
  i feel that pointing fingers at the eu based on isolated incidents , which are in no way under its control , is the wrong way of thinking about it . 
  yes , roma are not well liked in europe , but that is a well deserved sentiment ( imho ) and it 's required effort on both parties before things can change . 
  an effort that roma individuals are not willing to make . 
  still , the question stands . 
  tfa is about an idiot mayor , which was elected ( not so long ago ) by democratic vote . 
  how are his views on the roma minority related to the eu officials ? 
  how is the racism of some country side mayor the problem of people in brussels ? 
  your comment is overtly broad . 
  there are nice people also , like everywhere . 
  you 've had the bad luck of meeting the bad ones . 
  yes , yes ... regulations exist , off course . 
  but i hope that the existence of a higher judicial instance might make the system run better than it does now . 
  in the post communist romania of the last 20 + years there 's been only _ one _ major conviction for corruption . 
  and this is the country were most politicians are embezzling national and european funds on a daily basis . 
  ( granted , citation needed for my last affirmation , but i 'm too lazy to search for sources at this time ), 
  because i 'm na\u00efve ?!, 
   hopefully because the anti-corruption mechanisms of a federated europe will be a hell of a lot stronger than what exists now in romania . 
  to be honest , i 'm hoping for a federal europe , just to curb the rapacity of my country 's political class . 
  yes . 
  that link has citations , however that link is not your post and is not the submission . 
  a pretty graph also is n't representative without sources . 
  please cite them . 
  yes . 
  western europe is very well covered in bike paths . 
  in eastern europe , hungary and serbia have very good infrastructure too , but it 's a lot newer . 
  in romania - my terminus - it 's awful . 
  my route was : brussels - frankfurt - n\u00fcremberg - prague - vienna - bratislava - budapest - bucharest . 
  yes . 
  i went from brussels to bucharest ( almost ) mainly using eurovelo . 
  also you should have linked to the [ eurovelo article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurovelo ) . 
  would you care to share some offending links ? 
  same here ... 
  i guess they 're the most moderate party in our system . 
  :( a bit weird . 
  thank you . 
  i was making a confusion between the two . 
  ooops ...  thank you . 
  could you cite the source for `` european residents ca n't purchase an eurail pass '' ? 
  on their site i could n't find anything about that . 
  please revisit some of the other opinions in this thread . 
  you 'll see that others had different views on the roma willingness to integrate in their environments . 
  also , indeed hate speech is wrong no matter whom it 's directed to , but to compare the persecutions gypsies suffered because of nazi germany to what happens today is a bit out of line . 
  how is this relevant to my question ? 
  ok , i think he was trying to use a hyperbole to express that the defining features of the roma culture are what causes them not to integrate . 
  yes ... completely agree . 
  as always the solution would be some middle ground . 
  however i feel that roma ethnics are not as willing to come to this middle ground as you and i might be . 
  would you care to back this terse statement with something ? 
  a good finnish horror ( ? ), 
  comedy is [ rare exports ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1401143/ ) . 
  romanian here , but a gem of hungarian cinema is [ taxidermia ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0410730/ ) . 
  and a czech film i enjoyed recently , though a bit melodramatic is [ pouta ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1359434/ ) - which despite the translation , means to be in handcuffs . 
  does this mean that neither of the participants in the union can adopt , or just as a couple ? 
  i always wondered what exactly is the difference between these two entities : marriage vs. civil union . 
  do you have more information ? 
  wrote to 6 of the mep 's that i consider to be representing me , i received a reply only from one , telling me to stop the spamming . 
  ( i imagine they received a considerable number of emails from other sources ) . 
  i mainly used stuff from la quadrature du net - one of the sites detailing on acta - trying to emphasize on some of the more problematic issues : lack of transparency , ambiguities in terms , wishful thinking when claiming losses due to piracy ... etc. 
  on that site you 'll also find an open letter towards the eu legislators and you can use that as a model . 
  if you speak romanian , here 's [ my email ] ( http://littr.me/anti-acta/ ) . 
  ok ... so i wrote to six of the mep 's representing my country . 
  only one has responded and that was to tell me to stop the spamming because he 's against the agreement anyway . 
  thank you . 
  what the hell is productivity index per hour ? 
  i would suggest something a bit more interesting and with a stronger local flavour , like the late : [ domni\u0219oara pogany ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwgkkxq9qyw ) . 
  as for a romanian blend of movie , i would suggest [ filantropica - philanthropy ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0314067/ ) .
