  because most of our communication is done through channels that are not trivial to encrypt . 
  i 'm thinking about im mostly , but email communication is also pretty difficult to set up . 
  another thing is that most of our communication is done using means belonging to companies without any interest in having your communication be encrypted . 
  i 'm sure that all those re elections of mr. iliescu were entirely related to his political vision . 
  i have no clue what would have happened . 
  but i doubt it would be worse than allowing the fsn to masquerade in saviours of the nation for years after and having their influence be felt 25 years later . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  at the time of the execution the whole country was for a quick punishment without a trial ... and we got it . 
  more recently , the mock trial and execution of the dictator nicolae ceau\u0219escu and his wife . 
  a very , very interesting idea , but i think it still requires other resources to expand vocabulary and grammar . 
  [ edit ] apparently i know more catalan than esperanto . 
  i would venture a guess - probably an unpopular one , and i have no citations to give - that the majority of crime in western europe originates with the poor immigrant population . 
  in the east this problem did n't start to manifest itself yet , probably because the poor population here has stronger roots and is better integrated . 
  still , it 's just a theory . 
  ** bucharest , romania ** 1 . 
  no bike lanes on streets and we even had a dispute with our mayor recently about this issue , and he decided we do n't need them . 
  drivers are pretty bad in respecting cyclists , but as our number rises from year to year , it 's getting slightly better . 
  usually there are no issues about this . 
  well , i 'm trying not to leave my bike for 8 hours unsupervised , especially making a habit out of it . 
  shops are plenty , not so cheap though . 
  i think the going rate for 1 man hour is about 15-22 euros . 
  no do it yourself shops that i know of , but for small repairs i could borrow tools from my regular shop and do my work in front of the store . 
  yes , though lately the parking spaces for bikes have become a bit sparse due to increased number of riders . 
  there are some things similar to velib , but i have never tried them and i do n't know how you can rent one ( they most definitely do n't have the electronic infrastructure behind velib ) . 
  my other impressions about biking in bucharest : one of the biggest problems with drivers ' attitude is actually the fact that cyclists do n't regularly obey the rules of the road and as such there 's a lot of resentment which reflects on all riders , not just the idiots . 
  i think this kind of behaviour is pretty common wherever there 's not a good biking infrastructure present , but i would prefer there were less `` salmons '' and `` ninja bikers '' around . 
  as i said before , the number of bikers increases every year . 
  in 2009 i barely saw one or two bikes in a week , now , they 're practically everywhere , and the number of ong 's and groups dedicated to urban riding is on the rise . 
  who 's el ? 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/licia_ronzulli ) the initial step of bringing her daughter to work was part of a gesture supporting her stance on social issues . 
   on 22 september 2010 , ronzulli took her 44-day old daughter , vittoria , to a plenary session of the european parliament as a symbolic gesture to reclaim more rights for women in reconciling work and family life . 
  thank you for the advice , but i saw a couple of bands i would like to see . 
  strangely nobody mentioned the [ sziget ] ( http://sziget.hu/festival_english ) festival . 
  it has a lot of variety and attracts quite a number of big names . 
  [ edit ] another big favourite of mine is [ graspop metal meeting ] ( http://www.graspop.be/nl/poster ) , in belgium , but as you can imagine , it has a more finely defined demographic . 
  dude , rroma is not the same thing as romanian . 
  shame on you !, 
  ( i 'll show myself out ) ... 
  dunno about the reliability of yahoo !, 
  news , but i found it interesting news none the less . 
  [ edit ] this is in stark contrast with the romanian orthodox church ( bor ) which now _ demands _ that municipalities contribute ( 1m $ , each ) to their project of building a \u201e people 's cathedral '' in bucharest . 
  the author seems to be arguing that the central powers of the eu are not central enough and because we still have local governments , the union 's institutions lack the power to direct us into a millennia of prosperity and peace . 
  to me that looks pretty baloney . 
  the author seems a bit confused of the difference between `` empire '' and `` union '' . 
  yes , you are unjustified . 
  do you know what a regular , sensible person does when he ca n't find a job in a foreign country ? 
  he stays in his own . 
  you are not entitled to a job just because the pasture is greener on the other side . 
  that 's why i was mentioning `` legal channels '' . 
  yes , there 's a lot of bureaucracy to work in western europe as a romanian , but it can be done . 
  i 've never said it 's easy , but you have to play according to the rules . 
  i think your outrage is unjustified . 
  you can travel and work in western europe without any issues if you are good at what you do and you go through the legal channels : work permit , residency papers , etc. 
  it 's even easier if you are a student and want to study abroad . 
  another thing you 're mistaken about , you 're the second romanian to do it , is to mix corporate interests with political agenda . 
  nobody in the eu is responsible for how companies invest their money and get their returns , as long as they are in accordance with the law . 
  i 'd say it 's rather the fault of the news source , but bezbojnicul should know better . 
  do n't forget to build a 3 meter wall to keep away the racists . 
  well , i would imagine that there are all sorts of opinions on reddit . 
  to be honest i enjoy reading the comments of people i do n't agree with . 
  allows me to build a better rhetoric against others like them in real life . 
  maybe i just got lucky and did n't read the offensive threads . 
  to be honest i think the problem with racism is not big enough to warrant mod action . 
  usually other redditors are downvoting according to common sense . 
  i personally would n't like their posts being removed , that 'd be too much like censorship . 
  well , the eu is not responsible of the actions of private corporations that act on its territory . 
  a more apt metaphor would be , of a building landlord who is not accepting you into the building because you might smoke weed , even though you know there are some prostitutes living there already , of which he might or might not know about . 
  ok , if you say so . 
  but even being a political decision , it does n't mean that there are n't any other good reasons behind . 
  i find your reasoning a bit faulty . 
  the fact that others are corrupt does n't mean we are any less . 
  this is a case for the traditional saying : \u201e f\u0103 ce zice popa , nu ce face popa . '' ( do what the priest says , not what he does ), 
  well , they are fucking right . 
  romania is not prepared to be the gateway to the schengen area . 
  the point of failure lies with how easily corruptible are the people manning the borders . 
  as long as schengen or eu is not prepared to audit and sanction the hell out of our customs employees i do n't think we 'll be ready any time soon . 
  in my opinion it 's not . 
  as it 's not `` the city '' that built the wall , but the idiot mayor . 
  however you make a good point . 
  come again ?!, 
  `` institutionalized '' , `` denied '' ?!!? ... 
  could you please back this up with something ? 
  those are too bigger words to throw around this easily ... 
  but it 's still illegal and immoral . 
  you would be a douchebag . 
  and it amazes me that there are people in this subreddit who consider it an upvote worthy idea . 
  trying to cheat `` the system '' for 1 $ is beyond petty in my opinion . 
  also in this case `` the system '' would most probably be a museum or an art gallery . 
  why do you consider it 's more appropriate to fake a document than get an isic ? 
  it 's not that expensive . 
  as far as i remember , a high percentage of museums and touristic objectives have isic discounts . 
  where i live there are also libraries that have 10-15 % discounts for isic students . 
  i 'd vote for you . 
  regarding your first item , the european commission is doing a decent job with their [ portal ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/home.jsp?langid=en ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure the infrastructure is state owned . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure that in france and germany the vast majority of politicians are honest people who actually want to do their jobs . 
  here it 's not quite like that . 
  a lot of people involved in politics _ already _ had frictions with ani , the organism that initiates corruption investigations so i think it 's understandable that people imagine the worst situation possible that can result from this new law . 
  though your article does n't really settle the issue for me , it 's a bit convoluted , and in my opinion hotnews is less credible than reuters . 
  also if the reuter 's article is incorrect i think it 's their sources that are to blame rather than the author .
