  i know , but they are deciding by selectively disabling stuff . 
  remember that you and me are n't average user . 
  the average user will :, 
  * see the warning , take it as some serious warning , and never touch it, 
  * actually update flash, 
  * not care and press continue, 
  as long as they are influencing users by selectively warning them about plugins , they are deciding stuff . 
  i did however read that the warnings go away when you update flash , so my original point is a bit moot . 
  go for wow , as the other games are imo just wow copies that try to differ by adding `` revolutionary features '' that end up being stupid . 
  also , wow has an artstyle and commits to it . 
  i have n't seen ffxiv , but if graphics style was like the identity of the game , wow would be a wise and secure elder , and gw2 would be an insecure teenager . 
  it 's not really sure what it wants to look like . 
  you get the point . 
  i might be a bit biased as i have played a lot of wow myself , but i also played gw2 for a while . 
  yeah . 
  wow for me was never raiding . 
  i fell asleep doing raids . 
  i allways enjoyed questing . 
  wow has beautiful terrain, 
  oh , then it 's understandable , i guess . 
  remember , it might look old , but everything fits together . 
  it is n't like some other mmo 's or games where everything clashes because some parts try to be \u00fcber-realistic ( and not making it because let 's be real , it 's an mmo . 
  we do n't have space for ultra-realistic terrain ) , while others are less . 
  wow might look old and ugly , but atleast it knows what it looks like and what it does not look like . 
  however , i have n't had a look at mmo 's in a few years , so there might be better stuff by now . 
  yeah , but gw2 also has/had a lot of crap details here and there . 
  it 's overall style hints at it trying to look realistic , but it just does n't pull it off . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
  you know , i remember my first docking . 
  i allways thought it was really hard , but it just happened one day . 
  fun stuff , gratz !, 
  did n't this happen to steam for linux at some stage ? 
  i liked it . 
  good stuff , just like the other raps i have heard by you . 
  keep it up . 
  awesome !, 
  easy !, 
  my time to shine , i know this field !, 
  you seem to be an around ~ 18 year old boy from the uk . 
  your hobbies are video games and anime . 
  you mostly play rythm games and fps shooters . 
  you propabily found osu !, 
  from contacts that also watch anime . 
  you seem to be pretty interrested in moe anime , and overall seem to have a pretty lewd view of it . 
  it also looks like you are looking at changing/dualbooting to linux ( if you have n't allready , that is also a possibility ) . 
  good boy !, 
  you also look like you just started programming . 
  you are not sure if you are going to go for python or c++ ( with qt ) . 
  this sounds like a linux-aware choice as well , as i would expect windows-users to use visual c++ because stereotypes . 
  also , notepad + + helps enforce the theory of just starting . 
  coding in python , are we ? ^ ^, 
  you torrent anime . 
  you use baka.bt as your tracker . 
  when it comes to music , you prefer electronic music . 
  vocaloid , different cores , you get the point . 
  how was that ? ^ ^, 
  osu is an ass on linux , trust me . 
  hopefully , it gets better when peppy opensources it , so linux users can try to make it work better . 
  i changed after i quit playing . 
  still one of my favourite albums, 
  hnng ... 
  i really hope i can get my hands on a nordic edition of this . 
  always . 
  you will always have some use for it , even if it is n't through a job . 
  great hobby, 
  i once won a kahoot i was invited to raid by a friend . 
  teacher had very predictable patterns . 
  fun times . 
  `` fluff '' . 
  hehe, 
  let me tell you what i did to back up my storage server before i cleaned the main drives so i could add another disk in raid 1 :, 
  cp / storage / * / media/drive /, 
  1tb of files , a lot of small files because of backups ( which slowed the process down a lot ) . 
  took almost 24 hours . 
  people who create good , free alternatives to overly expensive software are definately my heroes . 
  good job dude . 
  i think you just made a lot of peoples days . 
  my class and me were lucky enough to be shown around the norwegian broadcasting corporation today , and one of the things we got to see was three of their server rooms . 
  definately a lot of cable porn there , even though you did find some racks with cables floating around . 
  this was in the basement !, 
  til about the cables , though . 
  glad it has become more cost effective to run cables now !, 
  i have no idea !, 
  possibily to be easy to swap ? 
  yeah . 
  apparently , the infrastructure is constantly worked on by contractors , so they have to install things with maintainability in mind , i guess . 
  it works suprisingly well, 
  in my opinion , this is why it is wrong . 
  anything a regular user ca n't remove without help is unacceptable . 
  if we are going down , we are taking our scandinavian brothers with us :\\ ^ ), 
  i would definately reccomend watching it with subtitles ( gear icon ) . 
  loads of extra humour there, 
  correct !, 
  in norway , they used to advertise that `` macs do n't get pc viruses '' , and used the fact that people dont differentiate them in order to make people think they were immune . 
  people still think this . 
  still , i think the `` macs work better for art '' myths are worse . 
  please , it 's the same thing with a nicer box . 
  i think in this case , it is mac users trying to defend their platform by talking about other how other people need to use a mac to do their work . 
  i like the idea . 
  great moving forward , nice to see them moving away from the godawful keyboard .
