  i 'd reccomend those . 
  nith is pretty expensive . 
  tho i am not of university age yet , i have been reccomended ntnu by students i know , because they have good quality courses , and it is free or something . 
  everything is expensive on norway . 
  mostly because of taxes and high pay , which makes stuff expensive . 
  especially airports , like you are writing . 
  compnies pay a lot to get a store in an airport , so they need to put high prices : /, 
  now it does, 
  nice to see you in the medias again , 
  so , my questions :, 
  how was it like going from the humble audience at the gathering 2011 , where i believe you first revealed your game , to this international attention you have ? 
  why did you decide to make ats ? 
  do you plan to implement the oculus rift ? 
  i think being totally immersed in horror would be awesome . 
  thanks !, 
  also , shoutout to volant for awesome mentoring at tg this year !, 
  hope the rest of the crew had a good gdc , 
  my dad has been looking for this for a long time . 
  tho it is very expensive , thanks !, 
  i ' l mail it to him !, 
  have your early cakeday here , 
  but this room is big !, 
  and instead of triangles , that world is made up of voxels, 
  same happened with the bombing in norway ( 2011 ), 
  propabily a mix of what depletedwisdom said ( that is probably because the moment they have an std the are no longer in porn . 
  ) , and the fact that the companies and studios that do this protect the actors to a degree . 
  mabe the actors are tested ? 
  is there an iama on a pornstar out there ? 
  now you make me not want to kill myself literally by being far too epic in comparison : / . 
  i understood the joke second before i went to r/gonewildplus to find out what it was . 
  ohgod , saved . 
  is it gonewild for fat people ? 
  then i am sorry to hear that :(, 
  but i made this thread as a response to the other popular askreddit thread `` what is making you sad right now ''  . 
  going there might be smart , 
  making one right now , aggree !, 
  gratz !, 
  upvote for what i hope is a joke ^ ^, 
  yeah , i know , 
  i made it because i felt that the opposite thread posted today was too depressing , so i felt like cheering up a bit . 
  been a great sucess so far !, 
  good luck !, 
  may i ask why ? 
  studying ? 
  gratz !, 
  i am so proud of my country . 
  the part about wearing her skin ^ ^, 
  glad the busdriver got what he deserved, 
  upvote for good use of meme, 
  i liked it, 
  you can add exceptions to adblock !, 
  what ? 
  i remember you from lurking reddit this morning !, 
  why did you call youself tentacle porn btw ? 
  whoop, 
  waitwtf ? 
  what is this ? 
  no wai . 
  i am too oversensitive . 
  a girl even happily waving at me is enough . 
  i prefer it , but since i live with parents , no way . 
  i sleep in boxers . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  how do you know , experience ? 
  if my calculations are right , with the 7 inch piece , you get 11,31 ~ square inches per dollar . 
  for the other pizza , that number is 12,56, 
  ftfy, 
  you can use a mod to download the map if you want to , tho the admin might not want that, 
  heym i am a coder and server hoster , feel like cooperating on making a rpg-based server with dungeon instances at some stage ? 
  the music fitted so good, 
  incognito mode . 
  old news, 
  this is actually a very normal mining method . 
  it 's called strip mining, 
  oh , well for that , i feel sorry for you . 
  as a tip tho , only one diamond ore deposit spawns per chunk if i remember correctly . 
  if you expand the stripmine by 16 in width and length , you will propabily find something , 
  i do n't get it, 
  go to sleep , og run around the hotel . 
  1 year ago , i was in some serious stuf , and for me , biking allways helped . 
  sleeping did too, 
  do n't have anything to say , but upvote because i expect good answers, 
  sure . 
  i can program . 
  but i am not doing it on my own , tho, 
  `` i fucked your mom '', 
  that sounds too evil, 
  he was in skype call with friends who watched the stream . 
  they were the ones who told him, 
  1 year younger , experienced nearly the same situation , expect twists . 
  there is nearly nothing i can think of that can help . 
  i do swimming , and i dont feel that bad about my body , but low self confidence can mostly only get better with good friends and good attention from them . 
  the girlfriend part is sad , but in my opinion , there is not much to do about it : /, 
  reminds me of the spaceship from `` you only live twice '', 
  simon from the yogscast just talked shit about this picture on twitter . 
  i dont really like those guys ... 
  it is n't minecraft , this is a program that takes minecraft worlds and renders ( think of it as drawing ) it with realistic lighting . 
  as op says , it took 18 hours , so that would be 1,9 ~ million times slower then a minecraft game running at 30 fps , 
  i think they feel like they are a bit too much on the top, 
  i did n't know it was hard .
