  fine . 
  fine . 
  pluss at deres videoarkivgreie er helt fantastisk . 
  he forgot the y. 
  for me , it is pretty easy , as we have very similar pronounciations in my native language ( norwegian ) . 
  though , \u3075 has allways puzzled me . 
  we could change it to some system where `` donating '' to a mod could give you some badge or something . 
  not anything other ingame , but just a badge showing people visiting your profile that you care for your modders < 3, 
  its a balance . 
  you use most money on cleaning up , we spend most money on getting drunk . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  eeh , you get used to it . 
  background dim anyways imo, 
  thats really naive of you . 
  did you stop using apple and amazon after it was shown people could use the two 's support together to gain acces to your apple account ? 
  did you stop using sony after they were hacked ? 
  what about adobe ? 
  did you stop connecting to servers with ssl after the heartbleed bug ? 
  did you stop trusting linux servers after the bash bug ? 
  do you have facebook ? 
  back in 2007 , someone managed to find a way of accessing the source code from the servers . 
  that 's not safe , so why trust them now ? 
  see where i am going ? 
  all services are vulnerable . 
  puush was just unlucky and got targeted . 
  peppy was proffesional and fast about fixing it . 
  there is no issue in using puush , just like there is no issue in using any other service that has been compromised in the past . 
  if you are in , you are in . 
  you can do anything . 
  peppy was just unlucky . 
  on the bright side , the vulnerability is fixed , so it should n't happen again . 
  as i said , everything is vulnerable , and this is proven every month . 
  with peppy 's proffesionality and the speed of the fix , i have no problem using it . 
  i am not saying it is okay that his servers were compromized , but it happens to big and small entities . 
  and regarding opensource programs without security issues , heartbleed proves that opensourcing does not equal safety . 
  in fact , i bet it helped people discover the vulnerability . 
  hey , big companies are just the same , people . 
  just because its a big company doesnt mean the people working there do n't make mistakes , they are just humans , 
  we arent , 
  hold my sword , i 'm going in !, 
  can i request canon ? 
  it is my favourite classical piece, 
  a friend of mine 's parents were offered 1 million euro for her in a restaurant in greese apparently . 
  she was 13 . 
  that is how it should work . 
  anything else it lazyness on the devs side . 
  not doing it has its benefits though , like less server-work and not making it impossible for laggy players to shoot someone because what is on their screen is completely different from the server . 
  still , it does open up for hacks where the client lies about killing people , etc. 
  i remember seing a talk where some guys talked about an mmo that explicitly trusted that clients told them properly what player died when they died . 
  thanks to that , people were going around killing everyone . 
  modders and hackers are basically the same . 
  they are using the game in a way not originally intended . 
  what i do think is wrong is that the 13 yr old kid who buys hacks is a hacker . 
  he is merely a consumer of a hack , and i do n't think we should label the users themselves hackers , only the hack developers . 
  vac-bans are only given out by the automatic anti-cheat system that detects cheats afaik . 
  show him it !, 
  to be honest , i like the fact that he uses the end of the video to tell people that it was a bad idea , instead of being like `` these motherfuckers is what is wrong with the world '' . 
  great video . 
  love the 911 audio . 
  it looks like they are going all flat laptop with it . 
  mabe using the chassis as the heat sink , or just some silent fans, 
  i 'd back if i remembered the password for my kickstarter ;( . 
  i ' l try again tomorrow . 
  please no, 
  the machine is a hassle to install linux on . 
  asus transformerbook t100 . 
  the installer never even completes . 
  linux is my main driver at home , though , but my desktop is so tidy there since everything is ran from console or from unity ^ ^, 
  that 's an interresting statement, 
  yeah , no ... 
  this is where they start milking minecraft for money to sell their overhyped product that really does nothing new . 
  yeah , it started a long time ago . 
  but this is definately one of the `` highlights '' in its fall, 
  it propabily is n't realtime . 
  i dont think lydia could control her character on the surface like shown , as there was not any keyboard . 
  my bet is it is some predone animation that they just rendered onto the table using motion tracking ( which hololens is ) . 
  it is just a showcase of what they want to do . 
  i am still for removing the right to play the game to admins who think they can change the rules of the game . 
  it 's battlefield . 
  you can look at the game as a set of rules for you and the computer . 
  we play with those rules . 
  we should really have a `` custom rules '' tag servers have to be put under in order to have these kind of rules , so people can sway away from these servers . 
  atleast this server was kind enough to have this in the title . 
  many do n't . 
  another possibility is removing `` custom rule '' servers from the listing . 
  sure , downvote me to oblivion , but when i look for battlefield servers , i do n't want to get kicked by an admin that ca n't handle sucking against jets . 
  du f\u00e5r downvotes for \u00e5 feildefinere rooting . 
  eller osx . 
  eller windows . 
  yes , though not as bad, 
  i have mixed thoughts about this . 
  on one hand , i am happy they are forcing obsolete and vulnerable tech out , helping stubborn/cheap/lazy webadmins out  . 
  on another hand , i do n't like that they are thinking that they can decide what technology lives and what does not . 
  yes , i do agree flash does not have it 's place , but who are google and mozilla to decide that ? 
  what 's next , bing being blocked from chrome ? 
  i am happy this is happening , but at the same time , i have mixed feelings about this . 
  i am usual player . 
  i do n't give a shit about tournaments , i just want to play the game . 
  just because you are a player does n't mean that you are super hyped over seeing some pro people compete . 
  some people just want to play the game , and i think a lot of people here are forgetting that,
