  ca n't they just auto-adjust adc 's based on win-rate , so they try to make every champ have a 50 % win rate ? 
  should be easy with statistics, 
  8 13-year-olds that met 5 months previous because of one guy bringing a group of girls and a group of guys together , decide to have a sleepover with truth or dare . 
  let me just say that we have n't had truth or dare since . 
  long story . 
  there were 2 guys in love with one girl , and a boy and a girl crushing on each other . 
  the truth or dare started innocent , but after a while some people started boosting each other to make more and more `` extreme '' dares . 
  the unofficial couple kissed , and so did one of the guys . 
  there was a lot of hugging , and some were left out . 
  in the end , many found it akward , and we never did it again . 
  we tried again , but nobody could cared or wanted it anyways . 
  remember that this was 13-14 year olders in the same class who just met , and many of them werent in puberty yet . 
  ok . take this as a joke , or serious , but try to make a serious , dramatic trailer about my first java game, 
  how often do you find porn in returned/used games ? 
  some times you need the answer even though you dont want it, 
  i like that twist . 
  problem is , if you are a curious person like me , not asking a question is impossible !, 
  there is only one question ( or two ) i dare not ask :, 
  if my childhood gf actually was in love with me . 
  dont know why that is hard, 
  yeah , in the end i find it easier to go via other people to find out stuff . 
  what is that what, 
  what, 
  my teacheers made me read it a year or so before i was diagnosed myself . 
  are you a boy ? 
  in my school , substitute teacher class means no proper class because the girls ca n't stop flirting with him so we can teach shit, 
  it doesnt seem to give proper answeers, 
  drunk code is best code . 
  i love radiohead, 
  do it . 
  haha , like rule 34 , but with mods instead of porn . 
  rule34.pheal did not have any . 
  luckily, 
  is there sfw of tentai ? 
  that would be so hillarious, 
  now it redirects to steam home, 
  how do you do the procedural generation ? 
  have any tutorials or videos on it you could link me ? 
  please do, 
  i like it . 
  it is one of the only ones here without death, 
  this is just another variation of the `` posters of gonewild , have you ever been recognized in public , and why ? '', 
  oh well , good read anyways, 
  just corrupt the leaders, 
  it really is . 
  hobby . 
  does not work in conversation if not about my hobby . 
  am getting better at smalltalk , though, 
  boobs are cool . 
  that sucks . 
  feel free to pm me if you need some company, 
  there was snow . 
  but that was months ago . 
  fuck weather . 
  i reccomend using a vpn or something then . 
  encrypts traffic so router does not know what is happening , and is not that expensive . 
  not that it is a problem where i am . 
  i am the only one who has access to the router, 
  my family does n't know how to use one, 
  sites like youporn.com came up in suggestions when i was typing youtube.com on a friend 's brother 's laptop . 
  was hillarious warning him , as i didnt want his sis to see it, 
  yes, 
  been there . 
  can confirm . 
  toilets rape there . 
  nice dude !, 
  3k computer screen , coffee cup , money , cyanide and happyness comics ( physical , yey !, 
  ) , and loads of other epic things . 
  no bad presents this year . 
  very happy, 
  his mom would be proud !, 
  pentesting is actually a pretty cool job . 
  and it has a fun pun you could use as a pickup line . 
  wouldnt work , though . 
  it being p2p, 
  shit , i know how that feels . 
  really sucks . 
  which one is the one with the lady that sings like she is euphoric ? 
  i love the feel of cleaning my room after not doing so for a long time . 
  feels good man . 
  altso gratz on getting out of the abusive relationship . 
  have a free internet highfive from me, 
  i didnt know this existed . 
  link ? 
  thanks , just saw it , great stuff !, 
  i dont trust it because they can steal passwords . 
  sorry , do n't take it personal . 
  i just follow the rule that if i can get the idea , anyone else can . 
  the fact that i get this disturbs me . 
  fuck the internet . 
  no , where it comes from, 
  what i react to here it the fact that we do not know how well these things are optimized . 
  what if the mantle renderer was polished , while the directx engine was slow and quickly made ? 
  these numbers are n't really accurate if we do n't know how well the two renderers in `` kraken '' work . 
  yes . 
  riot does nothing to punish ragers . 
  well , not enough . 
  they should care less about the rp they get from them , and actually work to make the community better . 
  yeah , i do . 
  that shit sucks .
