  some kids do get affected by violent video games . 
  and those cases ruin it for everyone else . 
  i was in class with one of them . 
  he would walk around and pretend he was from assasins creed for months . 
  was not fun for anyone , when he pulled you backwards and pretended to stab you in your neck . 
  jeez ... 
  i like cheese sandwitches, 
  i looked for something interresting in the picture for like half a minute , before i remember what subreddit it was from, 
  i understood that after a while, 
  i dont think the parents are terrible . 
  really , it depends on how mature their kids are . 
  if the parents are not 100 % sure their kids are mature enough , do n't buy them the game . 
  it is bad parenting if not done properly , but it doesnt make the parents terrible . 
  i have that game myself , but i dont get it :p . 
  i did the same a while back ( not installing or playing ) , but with reason . 
  a friend begged me to give him wow time as a christmas present , and gave me a copy of do n't starve he got for free back . 
  he only was on wow for about an hour . 
  hillarious , but still completely wtf, 
  i would rather say try to understand the game logic . 
  though i write software , so i might be a bit picky here ^ ^, 
  information . 
  if something is wrong with someone , i have to find out what that is . 
  if someone was afk , i have to find out what that person did . 
  if someone is sad , i have to find out why . 
  this also applies generally , i love learning new stuff , and i have a dream of writing mass surveilance software based on a publicly open api . 
  it sucks , because people do n't like when i bug them when they wo n't tell me , and i get crazy and confused if i do n't know it . 
  if there is ever a sex-based mmorpg , this should be the player 's level . 
  10/10 made my day, 
  10/10 also made my day, 
  then what is steam has a library of the dll 's , and tell the games where those dll 's are when the game starts , so the game can include them ? 
  in elementary , you were bullied if you didnt . 
  it just stuck to me, 
  of course not , but isnt the topic of this post steam , yes ? 
  should of known that this thread would ruin my childhood ^ ^, 
  i am proud of 4chan for this . 
  so sad , but far too true . 
  same here, 
  gratz man !, 
  i 'd ask her out , but i know as a fact that i will be rejected . 
  sadly , i know , because she said so ( not directly ) . 
  prove it . 
  changing to nrk.no, 
  upvote for you !, 
  gratz for taking the chance , and i hope you enjoyed your time together . 
  sad to hear you live so far from each other , tho :(, 
  of course they have to , if nvidia does . 
  they dont wa n't to be the `` bad closed source guy '' now, 
  i do n't like it because it could be used for spamming, 
  we could allready just drop a stack out with our mouse , why should we need this feature ? 
  edit : before items close to each other went together to a stack , people would overload servers by using hacks that dropped their entire inventory of dirt as single block items . 
  i do n't like this . 
  i had windows 8 on my pc before , but i found it too bad , so i downgraded . 
  something that 's also terrible , is that from the kids i have met that play minecraft , far too many are petrified of playing online , because they dont know how to get their stuf protected , and they get griefed . 
  when i hosted a local server , i had kids begging me to put protection on their houses , as they could n't even trust people who were in the same room as them . 
  took 20 minutes to convince them that they do n't need it , as no kid will mess with someone that can come over and beat them ( hypothetically ), 
  kids need some way of learning how to get their stuff protected , and some guidelines to not get their stuff griefed . 
  just ... why, 
  my dentist gave me anti-pain thing . 
  pretty happy here !, 
  i do n't know how you are with it , but for me , it 's like i allways fall in love with the ones that care for me, 
  why ca n't i just host my server at home ? 
  that would be so much better , i have the hardware , and i have the internet line . 
  quality assurance my ass , at least until servers ca n't kick you for `` only 4 snipers per team '' or `` rpg is not allowed '' . 
  i bought battlefield , not servername-here-field . 
  atleast i should be able to filter out servers that do this in the server list . 
  gratz !, 
  storytime , pretty please ? 
  i mean , as in self-hosting it . 
  i do n't pay others to host my servers , as i feel that is unnessesary . 
  ... not as i know, 
  apparently , a lot of women have rape fantasies ( cant remember where i read it tho ) , so i am not that suprised . 
  that she wants to to rapeplay `` inspired '' by a 8yo 's rape and death is a bit disturbing , though . 
  do you know what irritates me ? 
  when every single word starts with a big letter . 
  i am so impressed by this thread . 
  it did, 
  think of it like `` premium '' mode for users in some video games , and websites . 
  you pay a certain amount per month , and get some extra features . 
  i would reccomend reading this : http://www.reddit.com/gold/about/, 
  imo they have perfect reason to do this . 
  i know someone who had a virus on the pc that took pictures . 
  he/her found out when he/her found a folder of photos obviously taken with the webcam , without his/her knowing . 
  creepy shit, 
  sorry , english is not my main language, 
  i did the same when i was young . 
  i am 15 now , and i havent done this in years . 
  some are confusing as fuck though . 
  and some add shortcuts and some other stuff without asking . 
  yeah , i see filezilla has started with that :(, 
  you can get installers without it though , but through clicking `` alternative installers '', 
  both !, 
  thanks !, 
  gmt +1 , norway, 
  favourite way to cope ? 
  they are n't that strict , as long as i get ok grades . 
  my dad is english , so i learned a lot from him . 
  there are also a lot of english lessons in school , as the goverment wants us to be good at english ( which is understandable ), 
  i do n't really know what you mean by `` going on '', 
  ahh . 
  yes , sweden is more known then norway .
