  however , the fact that the source still existed until today is a good question . 
  i am going to assume he forgot to remove the code , but just stopped using the feature . 
  yep , that 's the stuff, 
  they are saving you !, 
  good stuff . 
  wtf ? 
  here that is like 50 mbit . 
  what provider are you using ? 
  `` yeyeye sorry we will remove it immediately '', 
  is that their strategy for everything nowad\u00e4ys ? 
  keep adding shady shit , and just remove what gets caught in the net ? 
  yep . 
  i dont disagree with that . 
  i would have less of an issue with them if they were completely open and transparent about what they were doing, 
  while i am very proud of valve for doing this , i still ca n't fucking believe oculus have been so immature that this is necessary in the first place . 
  got them all working myself . 
  here is a quick [ screenshot ] ( http://puu.sh/pxj5b/f822b9210e.png ) . 
  i censored everything that was n't mine . 
  league works great , though i have n't played it in a while . 
  there is an audio glitch that you can increase by changing the pulse buffer size for that program , but i am too lazy to fix it myself . 
  league does however glitch window placement due to my vm being so restrictive . 
  more on that later . 
  steam for linux is great , windows-steam under wine is ok , but has its glitches . 
  i am using a tiled vm , so most windows programs glitch out since they are n't made to handle being forced into position like my tiled vm is making them . 
  battle.net also works , but windows and tooltips glitch due to my vm . 
  not used the standard ubuntu vm in a long time , sorry . 
  i am seconding what / u/trainerguyrom is saying . 
  if you are consithering it , do a dual boot , and try to make everything work on linux . 
  you can always boot to windows if you do n't have time and _ just want it to work _ , and use linux when you are okay with sparing some time on making it work there ( if it is n't allready ) . 
  as an extra note , i use playonlinux to handle my wine installations . 
  it is so much more practical , for me , than using winetrics and the like . 
  it is basically a graphical wineprefix and winetrics system . 
  pretty nice . 
  incognito goes back to being only porn mode for web developers across the world . 
  i use it all the time for when developing websites for logging into both developer accounts and user accounts at the same time . 
  had so many permission bugs fly over our heads due to admin accounts almost having their own verification code . 
  i can see that use as well , though . 
  norway ? 
  yep . 
  so glad the drinking age is 18 , and not 21 . 
  finally . 
  i just start by nuking it . 
  i have seen so many horrible bloatware cases i lost my trust to computer manufacturers ages ago . 
  yes ? 
  why not ? 
  their marketing is pretty despicable imo . 
  they target a lot of young players who do n't know what they are buying , who of course will buy razer when pewdiepie and the rest of the people they watch have razer gear . 
  do they even know what sponsoring is at that age ? 
  i think it is despicable to deliberately trick a young userbase to buy average-bad gamer gear . 
  also the whole thing with them and the `` razer mechanical switches !, 
  ! 11 designed for gaming '' is a shitty thing in itself , and when a lot of their market seems to be people who does n't know better due to inexperience in the market , they are fooling a lot people into thinking they have practically invented mechanical keys . 
  that 's the feeling i got from their first advertisement push for mech keyboards , at least . 
  in my opinion , razer is a company that willingly uses kids inexperience to push their stuff , some of which is good , some of which is horrible , onto unknowing customers , while trying to make themselves look like the # 1 choice for pro gamers . 
  i might be wrong , but that 's how i look at it at least . 
  of all the chord joke videos i have seen in this video , this one was best by far . 
  i like his humor, 
  also , i heard none of them were proper programmers , and practically learned themselves how to code to write snapchat . 
  bad software quality 101 right there . 
  edit since a lot of people seem to be misunderstanding my point ( my bad ) :, 
  it is cool to learn programming . 
  but do n't let your first project be a huge service used by millions . 
  please . 
  that is completely true !, 
  it 's not about being self taught , it is about going head first into the skill without prior experience about what is good and what is not , and selling that app as `` quality '' . 
  everyone are poor programmers when they first start , writing code is how you improve . 
  the issue lies in them apparently being very inexperienced programmers when they wrote it . 
  then again , most programmers cringe at code they wrote a few years back , so one could put a question mark at where the point of `` decent enough programmer your app should be given to others '' is . 
  i do n't have the answer . 
  not for the consumer, 
  its not about how they started programming , it is the fact that they were inexperienced when they started writing the app which is the issue . 
  of course you have to start somewhere , but imo it is pretty irresponsible to base a service as big as snapchat on what i have heard is newbie code, 
  yep , consumers do n't care the app is shitty . 
  to a certain degree . 
  that 's the power of social pressure for ya, 
  i might not have a direct source , but it was this problem which had people comment on the skills of the programmers there :, 
  iirc there was something about snapchat being a startup by some college guys who got this app idea and used google to throw it together . 
  that is all i have . 
  i am not trying to circlejerk `` uguu snapchat suxxx '' . 
  this is what i heard back when snapchat was less mature than it was now , and when there was a few major flaws in it . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure it will be pretty cramped in there when everyone is in their seats with spacesuits on ( they are n't really spacesuits are they ? 
  ca n't remember their name . 
  you get the point ), 
  i was arrogant about minecraft not being the worlds best selling game . 
  i was wrong . 
  the minecraft fanbase felt like telling me so, 
  basically sums up the community . 
  the comment was pretty ugly tho , to their defense, 
  in like 15 minutes !, 
  sleep, 
  wine works well for my use, 
  that will do the job . 
  not bad . 
  how do you offer the job ? 
  so ... we are an industry leader in ... sex dolls . 
  we need your talent . 
  you up ? '', 
  thought about kids ? 
  how would you tell them what you make ? 
  to be honest , some of those packs do add a lot of content to the game worth paying extra for . 
  i did n't , but now i do .
