  thanks !, 
  not pilot here . 
  iirc the wait time after planes taking off from larger airports can often be due to the last plane being big and causing a lot of turbulence . 
  i think the wingtip was the worst blame for it . 
  might be very hardware specific . 
  also , the ps4 is a linux box . 
  might just be their proprietary os with some other drivers . 
  they are singing what sounds like the norwegian word for bun , `` bolle '' . 
  mmm , makes me hungry . 
  apparently it is , as airliners have volume deals . 
  check this out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oe8t3avydu, 
  he might be full of bs , i do n't know . 
  but it seems pretty correct, 
  yes . 
  i have not spendt a minute on campaign except for the stuff you have to do . 
  i just own the game to mess around with friends . 
  still worth . 
  i was n't . 
  but now i am . 
  have a lot of issues with men misunderstanding friendlyness as flirting ? 
  / r/ooer, 
  if their personality works , sure, 
  allways worth trying !, 
  even if you fuck up , you still win , because you gained experience . 
  lord of the dings, 
  boobs . 
  boobs ? 
  very aesthetically pleasing , but to the touch , they are just a bit of flesh , really . 
  microsoft , due to their forcefull windows 10 stuff . 
  they are as malicious as they can be before people react , and i do n't think it is ok . 
  then again , everyone does it . 
  it does n't make it more ok ( many people seem to like using this as an argument ) , but i guess it 's really more an industry issue i am pinning on microsoft . 
  schindler 's fist, 
  i love this, 
  i 'm afraid of coding next to strangers on planes , in case they think i am hacking the plane or something, 
  good video . 
  guy talks a bit too fast and slurs some words so i do n't allways get what he is saying , but otherwise a great watch . 
  worth my minutes . 
  notice he is a diamond member of aa , so he can buy economy tickets and get upgraded for free . 
  other than that , buisness travel ( as much of it is ) is paid for by his company . 
  if you look at his vlogs , most of his travel is either buisness , or for some project sponsored by a company . 
   recalled, 
   did not send it back, 
  yeah no, 
  you are probably right . 
  then again , you will never know, 
  i usually nmap the network before and after the pi is on, 
  it makes sense when you see it in use in group chats, 
  inb4 corsair rma posted this themselves because they wanted more thank you cards < . <, 
  it would be cool to be able to manipulate the assembled bytecode , maybe even having some extra memory you could put stuff in . 
  self modifying code is awesome . 
  of course , this should n't be available in the early missions that are about logic , but it would be cool to get some more fancy components that can use binary blobs , such as small lcd screens , etc ? 
  i understand a nice thing about this game is the simplicity of the amount of assembly you can write , but this would be a cool `` advanced '' feature , that could also make way for some awesome player creations, 
  \\ o / general rma does have the `` swedish fish trick '' , so i guess it is n't too bad of corsair rma people to try get something themselves . 
  hey !, 
  i do php , and i identify with the cartoon . 
  i use fx , and i think it is great . 
  worth paying the extra premium as well, 
  you can do it , but prepare for it to cost a shitload . 
  that would be like saying you should get a drivers licence for managing to shift the gear lever once by pure luck . 
  holy fuck we do n't talk about holding hands here , slow down mate, 
  the new norwegian notes are apparently featuring some kind of braille on the side , in addition to the variation in size . 
  with the amount of ducks he has shown on stream , it had to happen some time : ^ ), 
  can someone please explain how this will affect the webpages she views anime and manga on ? 
  i need help with a school project , so i need to know what os people use . 
  so i wondered if you guys at reddit could answer ( and discuss what os is best ) :, 
  my opinion on these pre-made modpacks are that they are for people that lack experience to install mods themselves , but what do you think ? 
  i want honest opinions and no flaming , lets make a proper discussion . 
  because there have been a lot of posts about the friendzone , especially this summer . 
  i got this idea to pass time while waiting for others to load :, 
  hover over any champion , and get a small tooltip with some nice info about that champion , like abilities and stuff . 
  click , and open the same window you get during champion select , that shows complete info about the champion . 
  good mission briefing . 
  anyone aggree ? 
  i am not that exiting , so my most cringe-worthy moment so far was when i had my girlfriend over when i was younger , and i had just gotten spotify , so i didnt quite know what to listen to , as i did not yet know what songs were called . 
  the only music i had there was therefore the sims , as i played that . 
  anyways , so i started playing the soundtrack for `` hot date '' for quite a long time because i was too stupid to realize what i was doing . 
  thought i 'd ask everyone here about their opinions on using raytracing in a video game . 
  you see , i thought that for video games in which most of the gameplay happens in corridors indoor , like horror games , would it be possible to use raytracing for rendering ? 
  i believe the map could be divided into areas and boxes , so the raytracer only tries to intercept objects in an area if the ray collides with the `` collisionbox '' for that area . 
  i do n't have much experience with raytracing yet myself , but i am eager to learn it and experiment with the use of it in video game graphics . 
  what does the experienced developers here think about raytracing in video games ? 
  has it been done before ? 
  feel bad for her hating on her body for what is from a males view `` no reason '' . 
  how should i tell her she does not have to worry , should i tell her at all ? 
  could anyone provide a human-readable edition of the ouya market agreement ? 
  hello !, 
  i am interrested in the asic miners that are `` in '' nowadays , but i do n't know how to get them . 
  i had a look at butterfly labs , and e-mailed them asking when i would expect to get one if i order one of their miners . 
  i still have n't gotten any response from them , so i am so confused . 
  anyone here have any better knowledge of this then me ? 
  i am getting my oculus rift next weekend , and because of that , i want to write a little tech-demo program featuring a 3d environment you can walk around in and watch with the rift . 
  i want to recreate a scene from sao because i love the anime , and let 's face it . 
  i am not the only one who wants to see the world first hand . 
  my problem is , i do n't know what area/floor to recreate : / . 
  therefore , i ask :, 
  what is your favourite area/floor in sao ? 
  basically , i would like some source which shows roads ( where there is ) , terrain type , and some other elements , so i can use it for a mapping project i am working on . 
  does anyone know of such source ? 
  i want someone like this because i think the field is interresting and cutting edge , and i think others would find it amusing too .
