  this is not of much importance to the story , but it does explain some stuff like that the developers planned to have online sex features in sao ( the game ) , but hid it deep in the menu for the release . 
  i do n't remember much else from it , but it did have some food for thought . '' ), 
  edit : tl ; dr , not til . 
  i wrote this at 2 am, 
  fixed ^ ^, 
  was a bit tired when i wrote it , 
  fixed, 
  i do n't know how to do that, 
  looks cool !, 
  might try doing that myself . 
  i am getting the rift next weekend , so mabe making a nervegear with rift support would be fun :p, 
  i think you can as long as it is in a way so the person can not be recognized . 
  you have a point , and i agree with you , however, 
  i think it would be the same as saying that `` a patient has gone through the procedure x , this and this happened '' . 
  i was myseelf used as an example by a doctor in a seminar , because of my wierd toe i had operated because i was born with 11 nails . 
  sounds fun , tho i cant control it with my hands . 
  mabe with the keyboard . 
  is an idea , but as i am writing my tech demo in a new language called uno , that i am getting closed acess to , i have to port any extra stuff myself , so even the rift is a pain, 
  agree :d, 
  9/10 would read again . 
  best story in a long time, 
  no , that 's cheating !, 
  what is this for ? 
  no , but now i know . 
  thanks , bot !, 
  rule 34 of this . 
  that 's what is next . 
  but , if they share the same genitals , would n't both be affected by it and it and the hormones it produces , and would n't both be turned on ? 
  it 's not like they do n't share the bloodstream or anything . 
  ( correct me if i am wrong ), 
  shaders are dependent on gpu too . 
  they are small programs executed for each pixel on the screen , and each vertice ( dot ) in a 3d model . 
  that 's why gpu 's have so many cores , if i remember correctly . 
  yeah , hopefully in our lifetime too !, 
  meh , i think it was booring , the effects were crap and not that well themed , so it feelt like a mess instead of a visual show . 
  and they could of streamed music ingame . 
  there is propabily a java api that does it ^ ^, 
  so disturbing . 
  makes me sad . 
  if i was an uk teen , i would just use a proxy . 
  i pay for one anyways , so why not use it for porn . 
  this is stupid . 
  any way the politicians are doing it , people would find a way around without asking the isp ... 
  that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is that they call it donations , but give money off . 
  that is n't a donating , that is buying . 
  i think they should stop calling it a donation, 
  yeah , they watch porn too, 
  gay parents, 
  oh god , this is so funny, 
  because i love music, 
  i just played wow yesterday . 
  oh god , the memories, 
  tried optifine ? 
  aw , then i hope mojang does some network optimizing for your sake !, 
  i think they did a long time ago, 
  obama 's war on ice, 
  looks photoshopped . 
  i can see it on the pixels, 
  i have it . 
  i like it . 
  but i would wait until they release the consumer edition . 
  i work at a company who is working on a programming language and compiler that will simplify this . 
  i wo n't say their name , but i would prefer that approach . 
  not bad idea , actually, 
  actually . 
  that syntax does n't work . 
  expecting `` you '' to be a variable or field :, 
  understand.this ( does not even work as far as i know , but lets pretend it does ) woud be this instance of the object that understand is . 
  that code would say `` if you are understand , get a girlfriend '' . 
  smart . 
  i will tip them . 
  my friends . 
  tried it . 
  went bad . 
  yeah , i am happy i took the change at least :d, 
  depending on parents , arguing on how `` being porn on his machines '' is good might not be a good plan . 
  in ratchet and clank 3 there is an easter egg museum , that you can teleport to at certain times of the night , if that is what you are talking about, 
  not all games need that . 
  depends on the programmers , if they chose to let that be possible . 
  easy to do . 
  i would reformat the shit out of those machines . 
  beats . 
  apple . 
  same, 
  * high fives *, 
  for me it is very weak , though , so does n't affect me to that much . 
  how does it affect your life ? 
  some people are naked when nobody else are around . 
  why she answered naked can be questioned , though . 
  mabe she saw you in the window . 
  yeah . 
  why would blizzard do this ? 
  this is evil !, 
  readhead , no , makes me feel like a creep . 
  you can disable nsfw parts i think, 
  wait , what ? 
  that is possible ? 
  link ? 
  for research , of course .
