  proper . 
  but it felt like it wasnt as healthy , so it wont be my daily snack , 
  no , i am not a grilled cheese aficionado . 
  just someone who likes food . 
  i was aware . 
  and the video title said grilled cheese , so i just call it grilled cheese myself, 
  [ this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bltcknkfmry ), 
  oh , thanks !, 
  will look at mabe buying some of those, 
  eh , i am not that big of a fan of mayo, 
  sorry guys , had to go eat dinner , and then forgot about this thread . 
  i have responded to everyone now , and if anyone has more questions , i will still answer them !, 
  yeah , i guess so, 
  i will definately look into it , if the logistics work . 
  might need to run a kickstarter for that , though !, 
  i really like watching the sun rise in the morning, 
  why do n't we need smashy things in the hallway , that 's the real question !, 
  i think it goes without saying that if you are a target like that , do n't take nudes . 
  diner dash !, 
  he has a point, 
  i used to play trombone , but i never practised , so i sucked, 
  go for it . 
  better to have loved and lost then not loved at all . 
  at least you tried . 
  pretty nice , but some of the japanese talking felt out of place . 
  dont get me wrong , it might fit in some other cases . 
  but it didnt follow the rythm propabily , and felt like a random clip just put there . 
  love the feel of the music , tho . 
  keep it comin ' , and i ' l keep on listenin ', 
  edit : example of where the voice `` fits '', 
  i know it is a completely different genre , but notice how the voice on the start is `` synced '' to the beat . 
  that makes it sound inplace and intentional , imo, 
  since i started using corsair tech i have never gone back . 
  ok . mabe i need a mouse withot the native accelleration bull . 
  but the k90 rgb is something i have waited ages for . 
  and i will buy it , i need a new keyboard anyways , and i am not going for the razer ripoff, 
  i found out i can propabily live out my childhood dream of becoming a pilot !, 
  for 10 years , i thought lack of depth perception was an issue , but aparrently it isnt !, 
  menu sounds did not work . 
  bancho notification did , though . 
  update/install dialog could need a bit of a fixup , looked like it was running under wine , but that 's just polish . 
  would be cool with the osu!circle and the progress bar being a blue circle going around the logo . 
  menu sounds works on cutting edge , but not on stable , no matter how much i change stream and restart . 
  changing to cutting edge from the options was easy , but i think the status of the update should be in the main menu . 
  i tried swtiching the release channel while a patch was applied , but what happened was that upon restarting , it was still in experimental , and the updated and restarted to the normal version . 
  as far as i know , i couldnt break it . 
  great job, 
  ( gave some feedback as i work as a tester , and i thought i 'd give some feature on the new updater while i was at it ), 
  i ' l have a look at recording a vid once i am home from school . 
  if this happens , i will drop minecraft . 
  sorry peppy , i was not able to reproduce the bugs while recording . 
  the other bug i reported was fixed , so it seems bugfree . 
  i have been a proud player since alpha , and i have to say i am sad hearing this news . 
  i remember when notch said he would open source it when sales dropped . 
  while i do n't expect that to happen anytime soon , i am willing to wait at least another 4 years . 
  the acquisition by microsoft has for me taken away everything humble minecraft was . 
  that little , addicting sandbox game that went viral . 
  i fully expect microsoft to ruin the franchise by turning it from what it was into a money machine . 
  it has been 4 nice years , mojang . 
  but this is where it ends for me . 
  does it have to benefit anyone ? 
  it is propabily great for education , and , once open sourced , would make modding a lot easier . 
  ok voice acting . 
  made me laugh . 
  7/10 , keep on making 'em . 
  where is the `` clenching my butt '' ting from ? 
  iirc it was www , but i dont have the video any more, 
  got link ? 
  why would you want razer anyways ? 
  razer is the alienware of peripherals , you got ta admit, 
  i have n't owned one myself , but i have read a lot of people talking about it being bad quality, 
  do n't you back up your files ? 
  or are you a unlucky person when it comes to corruption ? 
  got any stuff from the wanderlust-album ? 
  thanks man !, 
  google `` voxel octree `` s. cool stuff . 
  yeah , the file is terabytes , but do we have to load details unless we zoom in on it ? 
  i do n't like how they are presenting it though , as if it was magic . 
  it isnt . 
  good point . 
  we are seeing their software run in a controlled environment where they can make tests that show off their stuff without showing the buggy/rough parts . 
  also . 
  what if they are using an ssd ? 
  how would loading be on normal hard drives ? 
  `` for scale '', 
  lol 'd, 
  i just love the music . 
  know people from the furry-culture , but personally , i just like renard 's music . 
  not, 
  great stuff , renard . 
  keep it going . 
  what can we expect next ? 
  that does n't suprise me . 
  go take a break , you deserve it, 
  or you could , you know ... use the flashlight widget ? 
  webgl is currently supported on more platforms then flash . 
  flash is dying . 
  you do n't need flash to do vector drawing anyways . 
  it 's a simple task in both opengl and directx,
