  from other comments i have read , it seems as if this was hidden path 's fault . 
  does n't really have the spark for `` party music '' , but i like the calm sounds . 
  propabily the meaning though ? 
  * whispers * the game is watching you, 
  duh , he wrote the game . 
  he has anti-hack stuff . 
  wise words, 
  why razer ? 
  it is what alienware was 5 years ago . 
  overrated , overpriced , and what we wanted when we were 12 and needed flashy stuff to feel good . 
  ... big ? 
  i love this post . 
  go , kid !, 
  examples , please !, 
  sounds funny, 
  anyone know what kind of switches they are showing ? 
  looks a bit like cherry-switches , but then again it is hard to tell, 
  yeah , i agree . 
  some parts were so clich\u00e9 it made me sick . 
  had a lot of good parts aswell , though , as moistsquid pointed out . 
  afaik baidu is chinese google, 
  with a razer keyboard , propabily, 
  norwegian electrical student here , we use plastic tubing here . 
  what i have been told by our teacher , is that there are a lot more regulations and standards here because we use a lot more power then warmer countries , as we need to heat up our houses . 
  this leads to more power going into the house , and therefore a need for `` safer '' cabling . 
  we have n't had about that yet . 
  i ' l get back to you next week about it, 
  why does stuff i see on tumblr allways end up here a few days later ? 
  what , you would buy their games before now ? 
  i have n't bought ea and ubi for years , and i think others should do the same . 
  good stuff, 
  yeah , the movie is full of stuff to pick at . 
  it 's gon na be great . 
  3x63a for 230v and 4x40a for 400v, 
  no problem , 
  it 's all about the console makers forcing ubi to nerf the pc version , propabily to avoid pc gaming becoming the norm . 
  they would n't care about how well it runs if they are loosing a billion dollar market in the process . 
  cookiezi *, 
  what is this ? 
  a gamecube to wii u adapter ? 
  can i use it on my pc ? 
  please say yes . 
  i have been looking for ages . 
  neither . 
  why would you want a console in 2014 ? 
  your phone is decent aswell . 
  literally , that 's what i thought . 
  poked someone i wanted to get to know on face . 
  managed to get a conversation going . 
  got to know ` er . 
  best friends . 
  ( though gender does n't really matter here ), 
  thanks to that , getting to know new people is childs play . 
  it 's all about experience , and getting through that anxiety barrier . 
  once you get going , it gets easier fast . 
  life is too short to not do anything . 
  got a common interrest ? 
  invite person to do that interrest . 
  also , as a last how to make friends 101 : people love talking about themselves . 
  if you can start a discussion where they can talk about themselves or their opinion a lot , that 's gold . 
  you can do it . 
  a lot of teqniques used in social engineering are great stuff for getting friends cause duh , those techniques are made to get people to open to you easily . 
  works great . 
  dunno about image gallery , but snapchat is just a crap port from ios . 
  it eats power , and is not optimized at all . 
  that is propabily why it reacts like that, 
  my s5 nearly overheats when using it for a prolonged period of time . 
  and eats 40 % battery in an hour . 
  that 's sexy as hell . 
  really looking forward to it, 
  yep , same m8 . 
  got it from spamming mania 8 hours non stop, 
  it 's ok , i guess . 
  i made a new close friend in the progress . 
  though , sadly , i have quit mania now as more then 10 minutes triggers it again . 
  osu still works for some reason though \\ o /, 
  tell me about yourself !, 
  what are your interrest ? 
  hobbies ? 
  occupation ? 
  what makes you happy ? 
  what makes you sad ? 
  source plz . 
  not the best selling game by far, 
  edit : damn , 27m . 
  sounds like i need to catch up with the numbers . 
  not bad, 
  no , but i 'd like to see it . 
  sadly , it is hard to find atm ... 
  good job , op !, 
   the animation style is really interesting and its a beautiful , haunting film . 
   if its impossible to see in a theater i 'm sure it 'll become available online or whatnot . 
  i heard it will be sold as dvd in japan the 4th of december , and to expect it on torrent sites then . 
  i live in norway , so we usually get stuff years after it is released ... 
  i really like the drawing style . 
  its not the usual ghibli-style , but it looks great . 
  you just successfully promoted your blog and got a follower !, 
  how does that feel ? 
  why is everything he wrote deleted ? 
  yep , he was .
