  this is venice unleashed . 
  the guy made it sound like the servers could control shaders . 
  if that is true , the servers can affect your graphics quality . 
  if they install a shitty graphics mod . 
   win10 version, 
   that would be nice , as long as it 's not win 10 only, 
  they are microsoft . 
  have you seen the amount of shit they do to make people upgrade ? 
  of course it will be windows 10 only, 
  according to wine 's db , that version of office does n't work with wine . 
  could you update that ? 
  oh , it must of changed since last time i checked , then . 
  thanks for updating me, 
  i love the `` engine not broke ? 
  eeeh , no biggie then '' attitude . 
  did you buy more coffee ? 
  in norway , we only have rs , and they normally end up shipping your order from the uk . 
  thankfully the shipping is free on orders over 400 nok , ( ~ 40 # ) , but it makes hobby electrics such a hassle . 
  one of the few things i do n't like about living in a country with few inhabitants . 
  they used 20 minutes showing tests . 
  the show is pretty boring in that way tbh . 
  they use 20 minutes to prove common physics , then show a dramatic test where the guy `` might die '' to finish off . 
  more entertaining to watch it with the mythbusters format , though . 
  i see your point , though, 
  infected ( local lan in akershus , norway ) . 
  - gn , pi , and some others are regulars there . 
  if only it was, 
  no problems , autograph is in the top left , but my area is top centre . 
  you have a good point , sad you are getting downvoted to oblivion for it . 
  the marker is n't permanent either , but both the tech desk , caf\u00e8 , and noc were out of markers :( . 
  computers are very logical , and does nothing else than what it is told to . 
  sadly , said logic is written by humans , and humans are not perfect . 
  because of that , programs can be written that a human thinks is correct and does what it is supposed to . 
  when it is ran on the machine , it might fail . 
  if the programmer fails to see that , there is a bug in the program that can later be found by a hacker and used . 
  a lot of exploits work by finding some logic error by a programmer , and misusing it to either run your own logic or bypass authentication . 
  another source of failure is also when a programmer forgets implications of what he/she does . 
  for example , pasting a password into a database search message might work , but would open up for hackers to directly alter the search message sendt to the database , giving them room to run their own logic at it . 
  we ( the us ), 
  press the \u00a8 key ( should not give a symbol when you first press it ) , then i. \u00ef . 
  `` we will be an elite couple ! '', 
  stepmania worked , but i doubt osu !, 
  would fit in gamesdonequick . 
  let 's not make it a skill circlejerk convention , just because we had a really good player that we enjoyed watching . 
  have you seen a japanese electronics store ? 
  it is like this everywhere . 
  he will love it . 
  shows the real spirit behind skype , before microsoft bought it and broke it, 
  people still liked activision ? 
  remember , it 's a 64k , so it 's not going to be a vst plugin for fl studio . 
  the synth is propabily written for 64k demos, 
  ( rekt ), 
  this is old news , this small stuff has existed for long . 
  check out the teensy , almost the same thing . 
  also , atmel has tonnes of small chips that would fit on that . 
  it 's not like this is a new revolutionary product . 
  however , the fact that it fits in a battery case like that is pretty cool . 
  as a fellow scandinavian , i feel ya ;(, 
  pretend it never happened . 
  she knows you drink , fine . 
  that is n't very unusual , and from what i have seen , most parents just accept it after a while . 
  tho , i am thankful the legal age is 18 here : ^ ), 
  like this ? 
  too bad it 's razer saying it . 
  not really pcmr worthy imo, 
  so much razer stuff . 
  makes me unsure at how seriously you can take the store . 
  good . 
  fuck those servers . 
  `` sale '' on donations my ass . 
  can this be abused to fill someones disk ? 
  what about in a single player setting ? 
  if i have understood it correctly , any block can store a close to arbitrary amount of area to disk . 
  could a single player adventure map hide a bunch of these blocks , in order to maliciously fill the disk ? 
  awesome , thanks, 
  post pic of turtle with hat on for proof/amusement, 
  good question . 
  fold them out of paper ? 
  afaik gaigokujin is a more polite way of saying foreigner , in comparison to gaijin . 
  thenagain , i might be wrong, 
  gives a new meaning to open source , does n't it, 
  eeh , ea 's boss ca n't run a respectable company anyways . 
  not suprised . 
  same . 
  now that i am newly 18 as well ( 18 being the legal age of drinking where i live ) , money is almost pouring out of my wallet for alcohol . 
  so much stuff to buy ... 
  yep . 
  they force upgrade machines now . 
  be vary of the `` we have planned an update time for you '' dialog that has appeared for me , and a bunch of friends . 
  or you know . 
  remove that irritating update thing . 
  if you are n't ^ lazy ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ me, 
  there are full code analysis ' of osu allready on hacking forums . 
  there is nothing new gained from analyzing the antihack code . 
  yes please . 
  for curiosity, 
  from the analysis i did , it is a group of functions that is called once whenever peppy or another admin triggers it via bancho ( dean says it was only one other person ) , that waits with taking a screenshot until osu !, 
  is not in fullscreen any more . 
  i believe peppy when he says it is only used on flagged users , and that the pictures are deleted shortly after from the bucket . 
  he is not here to fuck us over , he could of done much more fun and malicious things than take screenshots if he really wanted to .
