wtf . 
  vid please ? 
  yeah , you also have to work with bugfixing and other stuff !, 
  ( use that to explain why you do n't add so much new ), 
  lol, 
  disclaimer :, 
  i do respect the people who died and the people who lost their loved ones , but this pic is just funny . 
  shows the situation from an different angle ... 
  it is not, 
  funny cause it 's true, 
  the next port ? 
  i do n't know much about networking , as i am a new serverowner . 
  but how do i do this from school ? 
  i can just upload it when i get home , but i need a visual before continuing, 
  it is my computer , actually, 
  ooo !, 
  thanks !, 
  fixed the problem !, 
  facebook , artige.no ( norwegian meme site ) , 9gag , a custom web page with countdown to lan 's i am attending , google, 
  `` do you fuck your pc '' from a guy that lives off attention, 
  i do actually care alot for her . 
  and her feelings . 
  there is a reason for why i stopped chatting with her . 
  she got spammed down by 5 other people at the same time, 
  i am happy i handled it good, 
  i must say i got a bit offended here , i have asperber syndrome myself and i am no way near this . 
  i do n't seem to be hit so hard , tho . 
  i would rather specify that the people saying stuff like this is people who desperately want to be cool and popular , or basically get popular by pushing others down, 
  ofc i had to google `` vasectomy '', 
  poor guy, 
  hwo did you get this ? 
  more then 69 people were killed, 
  vid related, 
  i took apart my amiga 500 a week ago . 
  5 leftover screws ... 
  no , it did n't let me : /, 
  thanks , i will remember that for later use, 
  there are more , but i had to keep it simple, 
  i had never expected this on reddit . 
  what did you feel when you found out he was arrested ? 
  i have autism myself , but the psycologists call it a `` weak '' edition , so it does not affect me as much as your cousin . 
  but shit , it is scary recognizing traits from `` worse '' cases of autism ( no offence ) . 
  at what point did you feel that minecraft had turned into something popular ? 
  before i call someone a hacker , i look at the killcam after i was killed , and look for stuff like a crosshair that clips to me , or that the person turns around ( fast-ish , suddently . 
  not as in looking around . 
  hard to explain , but is a certain situation ) if someone on the oposite team is in sight behind him . 
  also , i look for him aiming through the wall and following until i reach the door . 
  if they behave like that for a extended time , then i can say , politely , that they are hackers and that i would please like them off the match so the game is fun to play again . 
  i agree with the first point there , but about the second , isnt that why we have properties-files ? 
  it does take time to fix id-conflicts , tho . 
  i like the idea !, 
  here , have a upvote . 
  not as good , but about 10 friends started playing it after one of my friends ' brother pirated it . 
  there is a reason why notch wrote a post on piracy helping the game or something ( long time since i read it ) . 
  all of us except the brother are legit gamers now . 
  well , java is only the programming language . 
  minecraft is written fom scratch with is own game engine . 
  it does rely on lwjgl for opengl and openal for sound , tho . 
  what was your favourite moment of being a president ? 
  that hit me right in the childhood . 
  i want proof . 
  mabe `` another brick in the wall part 3 '' . 
  listen to it . 
  in the end , the lyrics say goodbye three times , and then the song stops . 
  cigarettes hurt the people around you, 
  as a 14 year old boy , i am impressed and mostly suprised . 
  my mom is very nazi , so this kinds of response impresses me . 
  i dont think dad minds , tho ... 
  is that when you get a bunch of meat and grill it yourself ? 
  swedish meatballs . 
  some times i suddently feel like my friends are against me . 
  might be a bi-effect of a very crappy year behind me , but there is something telling me that i dont have anyone on my side, 
  i normally dont donate to websites without getting something in return ( like paying for a coffee cup , knowing some of the money goes to the cause ) , because i like objects . 
  therefore , i mailed mediawiki about the lack of coffecups in their store , and they said they would add it within the next months ^ ^, 
  thats why i am happy i have skype . 
  i know dat feel , bro, 
  fuck it , joining . 
  most funny nsfw pic ever . 
  a couple in my family will die of old age , and depression mixed with old age . 
  cute, 
  cool , actually, 
  pretty cool, 
  cute, 
  i 'm not that good at photoshop , but here , i tried removing most of your acne so you could see how you looked without , 
  not bad , btw , 
  told her i liked her . 
  half of 2012 was filled with depression , fright , and sucicide thoughts . 
  it ended by me having a brief period of being over her , and told her so . 
  now i hide in fear . 
  i read norton virus ... 
  that has to be one of the cutest lions ever . 
  my dad is allways mistaken for a cop because he dresses in blue , and has a short haircut . 
  i do n't know why . 
  the police does n't even operate with that kind of car as undercover cars in norway ... 
  how many damages from fireworks every year, 
  taco and pizza . 
  welcome to norway, 
  i do n't, 
  over 9000 , because i have little chance of having the correct score, 
  sadly , to repost ... - . -,
