  over here in norway , as long as you have experience and can prove you are good , there will allways be jobs, 
  good guy op : stays and hangs out in his thread . 
  reminds me of that condom commercial where some parents get upset over their daughters boyfriend having condoms on him . 
  then he proceeds to blow one up to prove it is a baloon . 
  i was walking downstairs with a telephone to hand to dad . 
  he did not close windows in time . 
  front page of redtube , whoooo . 
  this was only a few months ago, 
  proof plz, 
  sort of . 
  itt : op wants to learn how to cheat, 
  as an annie playerk , that would be fun . 
  `` you can have a tibbers , and you can have a tibbers !, 
  everyone can haz a tibbers !, 
  this is why i love 4chan < 3, 
  when i was new to the game , back in alpha ( when those monsters actually were dangerous ) , i had a 3 week period where i would jump every single time i was a monster . 
  miss it, 
  what about the ouya ? 
  bet it tastes bitter, 
  link please, 
  i have cacti installed on it , and use it to log internet traffic . 
  i want to do more , but i dont have time right now, 
  that , or we all have booring lifes, 
  i think that is to a degree pretty-ish normal . 
  depends on situation , really, 
  i am norwegian , and i can confirm : yes , it is our way of passing time . 
  nah , they dont :p, 
  but when they fuck , they are balls-deep in the work, 
  til i make more on my first summerjob then most mcdonalds workers . 
  oh god , i can actually remember that story . 
  sad, 
  its norwegian , 
  in norway , our isp reccomends norton and gives their users it as a part of internet . 
  money is changing hands ... 
  then i will instead, 
  press the `` give gold '' button, 
  ofc you might just be a internet troll , but here , have proof :, 
  zone sees you fap . 
  for wii u ? 
  dude , i have not even heard of that game tha tappears to be running on the wii u. 
  do n't expect me to know that the game is not osu when i have not heard on the other one . 
  ah , well til , thanks , 
  yeah . 
  if you want to , i can see if i can make a mod that adds them , 
  on a scale from 1-10 , how afraid were you during the trip , and what were you afraid of ? 
  ... allways wear a bra at work ? 
  ok , i guess so ... 
  til, 
  wow . 
  in my norwegian school , the worst things that happen is teachers discussing controlversal things in class , and kids drinking at school arrangements . 
  that 's obvious ... 
  not the same , but my dad told me that `` who threw poop '' in chinese was `` who flang dang '', 
  i got an idea , why not make a bot that makes images for colorblind people automatically !, 
  can you describe the pic ? 
  i ca n't see pictures now : /, 
  micro $ oft . 
  i think most of their tech is shitty , the management around windows that makes programmers focus on `` new and exiting '' features instead of needed optimalisation makes me sick , and they still try to be the best . 
  also , hp/beats . 
  overpriced piece of shit . 
  also , any pc-manufacturer unless i need a laptop ( which i do n't ) . 
  the amount of shit they preinstall because they got paid get me sick , even though i allways reinstall windows after getting a new machine . 
  i build my own instead . 
  add this to my list . 
  in a city close to where i live ( norway ) , we had a shop called `` computer city '' owned by siba . 
  some fucker who worked there said kids could n't build pc 's , but i do n't care ; it was the only place i knew of that sold computer parts , and i did n't know of komplett yet . 
  siba decided to close the brand computer city and opened their own shop that only sold shit . 
  it is easy to see if a store has been paid to have stuff on display , makes me sick . 
  do n't blame the company for security breaches . 
  i bet there is atleas one for any site or platform you can name , just waiting to be found . 
  you can never guarantee that something is completely not hackable, 
  not a movie , but a flash called `` smile '' . 
  sends a message, 
  i tried , but my gtx titan is not that supported by nvidias linux drivers , for some reason, 
  thx , i have heard that now that valve are porting games to linux , nvidia is finally trying . 
  might get some better drivers then :d, 
  i think i have a fix . 
  i think / u/bigdongs lives in canada , and that adding this parameter forces youtube to use their canadian servers or something . 
  try using your country code think, 
  done !, 
  just curious , can you say the name of it ? 
  i was on a cruise holiday last week , you see , 
  bloatware preinstalled should be illegal . 
  there is a reason i build my own machines . 
  yeah , i guess you saw that better before , but the most amazing games tend to come late in a consoles life , as the developers had more experience in optimalizing for it . 
  ( correct me if i am wrong ), 
  look at those curves . 
  awesome . 
  here is a tl ; dr for anyone too lazy , as i am actually rewatching this myself . 
  please do n't mind me , i just have far too much free time :, 
  [ test ] ( #s `` 10k people get locked inside a virtual world by crazy programmer who wanted to invent his own world . 
  if you die in the world , the virtual reality gear on your head fries your brain . 
  the only way to leave is to defeat the game , which is done by clearing 100 levels . 
  the story follows a young protagonist , kirito , through his life ingame as one of the elite , who later meets a girl online who he develops feelings for . 
  after fighting to the last boss , and in a turn of events i ca n't even remember , he defeats the developer , and as a prize sets everyone free , except for 200 people , who get their minds routed to another server , in another virtual reality game . 
  the rest wake up and resume their regular life . 
  kirito wakes up , but his new girl , does not . 
  in fact , it seems that the guy who owns the other mmo , did this on purpose , so he could marry her irl without her saying no . 
  the last part of the game is about kirito getting back into the new mmo , and trying to save the girl , which he does . 
  tl ; dr : guy gets locked into an mmo , finds a girl , has to save her after she is not freed like the guy was . 
  there also seems to be a side story , nicknamed chapter 16.5 , which is an extra part left out of the anime and the manga ( read : cartoon book ) , in which the couple has sex ( read : erotic novelle ) .
