  wtf why can everyone but me make these big things !, 
  all the big things i make fail in some way . 
  nice way of learning to keep it simple , though, 
  shit , that hit hard . 
  i am very happy that you did this . 
  i am forgiving to noobs in dungeons and stuff , but you really did a good thing . 
  please continue with it . 
  that 's smart, 
  tentacles suprises you ? 
  you obviously do n't deal with asian porn much . 
  got any plans to help uk porners ? 
  no , they are too buisy working with other * backdoors * ^ ^ if ^ ^ you ^ ^ see ^ ^ what ^ ^ i ^ ^ mean, 
  that is sick, 
  i love these . 
  it seperates the gullible from the herd . 
  and hopefully teaches them a life lesson, 
  why did i laugh from this ? 
  these are terrible . 
  oh well , better try 'em out , just in case ... 
  post results, 
  please be true please be true, 
  15 here . 
  200 at the moment , but i dont have all day , and am rendering animation of the liquid atm . 
  aha , thanks !, 
  thanks , i am impressed with the amount of good and helpful feedback on this subreddit . 
  glad i found it !, 
  was going to link this , one of my favourites, 
  great stuff , but a bit noisey , and the grass might look a bit wierd . 
  mabe too dense grass ? 
  beautiful piece nontheless, 
  wow . 
  the best thing is that i thought it was ingame for a second . 
  the icetown citadel that / u/riskychris linked was also amazing . 
  keep up good work !, 
  wow , really ? 
  i would never of expected that !, 
  seriously , why does this havee 2k upvotes . 
  atleast for me , this isnt anything new, 
  sign me up !, 
  bumpmapping is simply a texture that tells the shader what direction the normal of the pixel is , so that the shader can make some parts of the same triangle seem as if it is `` bumpy '' by changing the normal . 
  tl ; dr : adds bumps by changing the normal of a pixel . 
  ( think of the normal as an arrow going straight out of the triangle . 
  changing it `` fools '' the shader into thinking the triangle is rotated at another angle then it is , which makes light behave differently . ), 
  screw the system, 
  i like you . 
  you think . 
  i expected song lyrics at the end . 
  i was dissapointed . 
  i expected song lyrics, 
  wow , i didnt know norway was that mlg, 
  this . 
  the fact that it is md5-hashed is propabily so that they cant see what you have been to if it isnt on their blacklist , so kudos for that . 
  still creepy as fuck . 
  i watched this while eating . 
  facinating video , but my stomach is crying . 
  yes . 
  yes is allways the right answer . 
  i think a `` one world goverment '' is a bad thing , because it is never smart giving one entity too much power . 
  with great power comes great responsibility , and i personally would not trust one entity to have enough responsibility to control a world . 
  plus , having multiple entities control different parts of the world lead to diversity , something a lot of humans value . 
  this is interresting, 
  i love it . 
  i meant as in `` tentai made to look safe for work '' . 
  you know , what this subreddit is here for . 
  safe for work . 
  slang for tentacle hentai . 
  the biggest subreddit for it is / r/tentai, 
  well done !, 
  i have a friend that gets mad at us when we do n't lie about him being first . 
  stay strong , premades . 
  second time i recognise something from real life !, 
  thats on my way to work !, 
  cool . 
  can i add you on facebook ? 
  normally people just add . 
  they dont ask . 
  you dont need to ask . 
  facebook asks you if they can add you . 
  why should you ask irl aswell ? 
  good job !, 
  link please, 
  yeah , my hands were shaking when i took the picture, 
  go with her . 
  definately, 
  please post a pic if you have, 
  a guy in my local osu!community likes calling it a `` spaghetti ss '', 
  i like this response, 
  there are too many , and frankly , the minecraft wiki is easier to just alt + tab to and search . 
  look at upvotes . 
  look at downvotes . 
  i dont use fullscreen that much personally , because the taskbar is not really an issue , and i do a lot of multitasking ( chatting , stuff ) anyways . 
  though , for fullscreen , i see the point of having an easier way to accessing it , though i think the decreased typing speed on a phone might be a bit in the way, 
  personally , i believe you can learn to need less sleep . 
  i needed 8-10 hours 3 years ago , but nowadays i sleep 4-7 hours . 
  i nearly do n't notice it . 
  that wasnt a mistake . 
  vac clearly does not allow modification of core game files because you cant really tell the difference betwen a cheat and a mod . 
  game modification is game modification . 
  it is his fault for modifying it in a way vac does not allow , and now he is using `` technical error '' as a reason to make him seem less guilty . 
  there is nothing wrong with his vac ban .
