  we have to say `` next to sweden '' some times when we are abroad , and people ask where we come from . 
  i do n't really know , as a normal norwegian family doesnt eat `` norwegian '' , we eat a mix of many cultures . 
  we do eat a lot of fish , though !, 
  i didnt like the `` analog '' features that were added . 
  mabe that is just because i do n't understand it myself ( not that i have had the time ) , but i still prefer the idea of a binary circuit system, 
  not now , thanks though !, 
  seriously , plot . 
  agree, 
  me too !, 
  what part of norway are you from ? 
  holy crap yes . 
  at my school , there is so much herd instinct that you have to try for yourself , as people take for granted that the door is locked if people sit outside . 
  we have waited outside a door for 10 minutes before someone comes and pulls in it and it opens . 
  what do you think about the navy seal copypasta ? 
  i think me means `` caused by forces outside of my control '' , if that makes more sense, 
  the first bug i debugged took me a week to fix . 
  no , it was n't a hardware bug . 
  no , it wasnt a bad compiler . 
  ... the program was in java , and i had forgotten to initialize a variable , causing the then-foreign nullpointerexception . 
  this has to stop ... 
  love how the company name is `` pipe dream '', 
  do you think the japanese gang leaders trolled you with that prostitute that took a shit in the bathroom ? 
  i once opened a racoon being jerked off on in class . 
  i was on / g / . 
  i thought that board was supposed to be worksafe !, 
  web novel ? 
  fill me in , please, 
  i wish i could be there , but i am too young to go there alone , and school , and hurrr ... 
  noticed, 
  this guy lurked with the interrest `` minecraft '' on omegle , and asked people to see their bellybutton . 
  i added him on skype because i was tired and in a good mood , and this happened, 
  i am not dead, 
  yeah . 
  i think the worst part is that there are many kids on `` minecraft '' on omegle . 
  for all i know he was a pedo wanting kid pics . 
  creepy . 
  it happens . 
  i found a quick fix that stops them from calling you : show them disgusting porn on ammyy and ask if it might be what caused you to get the virus . 
  they havent called me in 6 months , and before that i was frequent, 
  1920x1080 - standard hd resolution . 
  that is the 1080p resolution on youtube . 
  i reccomend you to get a screen with that resolution if you have a box , greatly increases pc experience . 
  is n't higher very expensive ? 
  if not , i would love to have a higher res screen reccomended, 
  fixed now, 
  i like this guy . 
  he had a good speech . 
  first thing that comes to mind, 
  goes into : into = x/y ;, 
  remains : x % y ;, 
  10/10 good writing, 
  any funny stories from the 2 years you have being doing this ? 
  any plans on releasing chiptune music ? 
  ( consithering it is `` electronic '' ), 
  ama !!, 
  yes . 
  i love instalok . 
  this song is good . 
  thanks instalok . 
  lighting is a bit dull , thats all . 
  else then that , pretty good . 
  better then what i could of done . 
  i agree with your point , and it is sad . 
  i remember how mad i was when the sims 3 was delayed because of bugfinding and some `` makers camp '' or something ea had . 
  i didnt want videos of people doing stuff with the game , i wanted the game . 
  i think , thanks to ea , that the sims 4 will be released before it is properly tested for bugs . 
  atleast in the software-industry i work in , my boss is happy if i find a bug . 
  what i think is strange is that none of the issues i have had after release were there during beta . 
  as a norwegian : what the fuck . 
  i am mad . 
  * ... and i didnt even know we spoke that much *, 
  i love ratchet and clank . 
  i like him , too, 
  normally i think 4chans pranks calls are fun , but anyone who actually prank called suicide prevention are douches . 
  i dont joke about suicide . 
  new official name, 
  where, 
  sadly , for games that wont work on linux , windows . 
  the european titles of game 1 and 3 are different , but i am guessing you are talking about number 3 and 4 in the series . 
  i loved them too , but i have this nogastalgia feeling for the original one . 
  it is like getting my childhood back . 
  i recently started replaying up your arsenal . 
  it is hillarious , and has so many adult jokes i didnt get until now . 
  gave me a good laugh . 
  be there in 20 minutes !, 
  the os has nothing to do with that . 
  if you are talking about the gui , that is the window manager 's fault ( seperate program that most distros include ) . 
  most people used a lot of time learning windows anyways , imo , and i think many people have forgotten that . 
  you should try 1 . 
  the music is interresting , story is great , and weapons are fun . 
  a bit older graphics , though, 
  going to try it out now . 
  if it works , my gold is yours, 
  infected i asker , akershus . 
  too early ? 
  have an upvote , though, 
  it is called console . 
  the shortcuts and corner-cutting has to be done somewhere , sadly, 
  care to explain in layman 's ? 
  yeah .
