  however , i think it is sad that microsoft needs to step in to create windows pc 's with build quality or overall design to compete against apple . 
  only dell 's xps series has done so before afaik , which is a shame . 
  love the design though . 
  the hinge looks a bit tacky , but i am looking forward to see people in use of it . 
  ... who wants a tablet os nowadays anyways \\ o / . 
  i mean , you are literally using hundreds of dollars on a machine that could run full software , but instead has to run limited , more closed , and often worse-then-the-full-version apps . 
  exactly , and that 's what is great about the surface !, 
  i might of not made myself that clear , but i was bashing the ipad from sweetbutts ' example ( as well as android tablets ), 
  yes . 
  i spendt an entire evening trying to extinguish a forest fire after some numbnut used lava in his base close to trees . 
  thanks for the nostalgia , man . 
  sivhd mentioned some streamers that did this , but i ca n't remember who . 
  a world where the population had trust issues with programmers would be bad . 
  however , it would be nice if people actually cared a bit for software they usad , and did n't just expect it to be magical and safe , and totally ethical all the time . 
  well , tell me if you need some linux users to test . 
  i 'd be happy to try the game , 
  here too . 
  i actually got carpal tunnel after being up all night trying osu!mania for the first time , playing songs far too hard for my skill level , like because maybe pt 3 xd . 
  qbittorrent is also a good alternative . 
  i used it before i moved torrenting to my server . 
  deluge is a lot more powerfull , though, 
  i 'd post a picture of my tendons , but i do n't want to rip open my arm . 
  ... sorry , i ' l try harder next time, 
  if you use https , the filter ca n't see the request . 
  is n't that a huge security vulnerability , though ? 
  that 's messed up !, 
  where i am from , that is expected . 
  network security is pretty good over here . 
  however , our teaching portal , has a long history of vulnerabilities . 
  a school actually denied using it until some of the obvious vulns were fixed . 
  contact from old school found a exploit last week tho . 
  they have a long way to go still . 
  one thing i do think we have in common though , is that the it people at school are pretty lousy . 
  the person who apparently was it-responsible needed to bring a printed manual on how to set up network printers . 
  could n't do it herself . 
  our school blocks internal communication on the network now , tho . 
  good for stopping cheating on tests . 
  bad for our openttd gaming in slow classes . 
  would n't that be illegal in some way ? 
  still , i 'd expect some privacy, 
  of course , but i have never seen ip blocking in the wild . 
  afaik the url is also encrypted . 
  the url is part of the get request , and the whole request , header and body , is encrypted . 
  yeah , i guess so ... 
  yeah , happened to me a few times too . 
  in my opinion it is a far too strong and powerful thing , and it feels like it is more in the way then it is helping . 
  it can cause so much pain , in many cases without you being able to abort , which is very scary . 
  however , the fact that it also can cause so much happiness , and the fact that it is so strong , is why i think it is a must to experience . 
  makes you feel alive , does n't it ? 
  i run cacti , but it is very slow . 
  been thinking about running a development environment for a website i am developing , but i am worrying about speed . 
  yeah , i totally agree . 
  it 's more an experiment for me . 
  also , just realized i swapped production and development . 
  my bad . 
  just realized i messed up production and development . 
  i meant development . 
  i would never run a production website on one of those things , holy crap :p, 
  i dislike their entire mentality . 
  it feels like they primarily market themselves torwards young kids who are entering the computer scene , as they do n't know anything better . 
  they make their gear look `` pro gramer '' , and sponsor streamers and youtubers these kids watch . 
  this would cause a `` this youtuber uses it so it must be good , i do n't know what sponsorship is '' effect . 
  this is , in my opinion , misusing the trust young people have torwards big people in the community . 
  i mean , they have had some decent gear , and the few people i know that still support razer at my age have defended the kraken for being a good headset , which i can believe . 
  but that does n't change my opinion that they are mostly a `` me too '' company , ripping off other 's success ( like with `` stealing '' cherry 's switch design and calling it groundbreaking gaming switches ) . 
  i mean , c'mon they were hella late in the mech game , and did n't care until they could market it as `` gamer stuff '' . 
  to sum it up , they mostly seem like a company that use young and unexperienced buyers , and copy from other companies when they see fit . 
  i know and respect the `` steal with pride '' thing , but what razer did with their mechs is downright scummy . 
  i know nothing about their mice , so i do n't really have anything against them except that i would n't buy one . 
  that 's true . 
  but in today 's market , you need to think about the companies you are buying from , as you giving them money is the same as telling them to keep going . 
  no matter how good their stuff is . 
  companies can keep on being as bad as they want to , as long as people still buy their stuff . 
  capitalism is buildt on the fact that you are using your wallet to vote , so do it . 
  yep . 
  this is a general issue in the it market . 
  there are too few competitors , and the general public care too little to have an actual competitive market where what 's best gets most sales . 
  this is normal for 9gag . 
  i do n't see why this is a suprise . 
  they hire people to repost , and artificially upvote the posts to create an artificial community of posters on the front page . 
  that is at least how they were a few years ago . 
  today , i do n't know . 
  using 9gag is supporting plagiarising memes , which sounds ridiculous , but remember that these people are making money off stealing content , which is unacceptable no matter what they are stealing , stupid memes or not . 
  one thing is people reposting for some karma points and what not , another thing is a company doing it to make money . 
  better some random person do it for internet point , than some site runners for money . 
  9gag admins are not earning worthless internet points . 
  they are literally living off this . 
  imo japanese is more usable from a personal view , but you really need to figure it out yourself . 
  follow your gut feeling, 
  yeah . 
  i am trying to learn japanese because i have a lot of friends with interrest in the country , so it felt like a natural choice . 
  it 's on my freetime though , so not as fast as i wish it was . 
  same . 
  i have boicotted ea for four years now and will not buy any new games before they get better , but their customer support is really helpful and efficient . 
  really made me feel well treated , and the verification you needed to do was easy . 
  i experienced this when uploading a recording of a osu compo i did at a lan party . 
  sony music japan did n't like that i had `` you & me '' in it . 
  sendt back a copyright dispute in my native language ( norwegian ) because the form was in norwegian , so heck , why ca n't i respond in norwegian ? 
  ended up getting the claim removed the next day . 
  the guy said they mixed gasoline in it , to help drying the house once the cleaning was over .
