  what would be fun would be an `` above ultra '' graphics mode , for future machines . 
  think of it like a `` time capsule '' to `` automatically '' make old games more time-resistent . 
  i would prefer if they focused on the bugs first , though . 
  i do n't know , i havent gotten the game for my console , as i rarely use it anyways, 
  hey dude , i might not of gotten in a relationship with her , but if it makes you feel any better , atleast know that i know how it feels to need someone who does not love you back . 
  if you want , i can tell you my story . 
  i was suicidal myself some time ago , but i have learned to cope with it to some degree . 
  atleast know that it does get better , it just takes time . 
  i see !, 
  my titan runs bf4 on ultra fine . 
  wish i had something to wish for , having the best gets a bit dull after a while . 
  you know , i miss wanting the best . 
  now that i have a titan , it is more like `` yeah , ok . 
  i run everything on ultra . 
  now what ? '' . 
  they say money ca n't buy happyness , and damn right they are . 
  pfft . 
  i dont like using proprietary bittorrent , having an open source protocol and client would be great . 
  also , this seems to be like an `` serverless dropbox '' . 
  i want something a bit more intended for filesharing in the free . 
  imagine there being websites where you can put your key , so people can download stuff from a public area you have . 
  is like torrenting , but removes the torrent website , as long as you know someone who has the file . 
  i can imagine communities forming , exchanging their id 's like one would exchange floppies in the good ` ol days . 
  think of it like a global dchub , but with private files aswell . 
  ( if dchub doesnt allready have that ), 
  i see your point with my idea not being cloud based . 
  might of messed the definition . 
  though wouldnt the sharers act as servers ? 
  when was it released ? 
  when was it released ? 
  i bought my titan like 4 months ago . 
  then why are torrent sites used ? 
  and torrenting ? 
  the whole case has been going for about 2 years , but things went to hell a bit over 1 month ago . 
  still felt like shit most of these 2 years though . 
  my methods of coping has been avoiding her . 
  keeping myself buisy , so i dont think of her . 
  / r/montageparodies, 
  yeah . 
  you have any activities on your freetime ? 
  glad to hear . 
  feeling better then 2 days ago ? 
  hey , i know others have propabily said it to you , but since you have this one life , this one chance , why throw it away by dying early ? 
  that is why i kept going even though there seemed like there was no way out . 
  you might be in deeper shit then i was , but i still think it is a valid question . 
  go ahead and think about . 
  you might as well live your full life , and see what happens . 
  you have only lived 1/4 of your life , if you become 80 . 
  that is a lot of untold life full of possibilities . 
  if i get your post correctly , you have nobody to talk to because your girlfriend suddently left you ( wtf , very strange way to break up ) , and your friend died , and that is making you sad . 
  what i like doing in periods of feeling suicidal , is keeping myself buisy . 
  trust me , things will get better . 
  but until they do , i would reccomend keeping yourself buisy . 
  study . 
  meet new people on the internet . 
  play video gamee . 
  just as long as i have something to do , i am fine . 
  this might help for you . 
  corsair k-series are gold . 
  i have the k90 , fantastic piece of mecanical keyboard . 
  i love it . 
  also easy to clean , as buttons pop off easy . 
  i would reccomend talking to her about it , if it worries you . 
  i have lost a friend myself when i was younger , his mother and him suddently moved to usa without telling anyone . 
  as for having less to do , i would reccomend taking up a hobby . 
  video games , art , whatever floats your boat . 
  if/when you get depressed over her not being there , the hobby might keep you buisy . 
  i know how you feel , i am not good with feelings myself . 
  i understand you do n't want her to feel bad , but if you can talk to each other about anything , can you not share your feelings ? 
  if you are afraid of your frienship breaking , i am sure she would listen . 
  promise you that it wont happen . 
  thing is , she is propabily the best one to talk to about this imo , so i would go for that . 
  go do that , i hope it helps , 
  no problem , glad to see things are getting better . 
  feel free to pm me if things go to hell again . 
  yeah , i know what you are saying . 
  i experience this when i am alone too long too , but also after being socially exposed for a long amount of time , and then being alone . 
  sleep deprivation is a issue too , but i use caffeine to stop it . 
  that was an adorable cat . 
  report it even though it isnt going on atm . 
  the people behind this still deserve shit . 
  go on, 
  haha , a friend of me actually made me watch this for the plot . 
  as in , seriously , for the plot . 
  i the plot was my favourite part . 
  as a norwegian , that map of scaninavia looks ridiculous . 
  i love the game . 
  the humour is great . 
  i love it, 
  i will frame it and put it on my wall !, 
  i wish i could see it , but i dont livee in australia ... 
  my memory says the same . 
  can i please have model number ? 
  i came here to upvote whoever commented this . 
  undercut ? 
  this is why i love reddit, 
  this is for starting what made my hour, 
  asker ? 
  people from my city are on the fromt page of reddit ? 
  edit : holy crap , i know that school,
