  but , i think it is really good he wrote it . 
  sad he removed it . 
  damn , that hurts :(, 
  i write most of my paper without double spacing , and then set it to double spacing to give me a morality boost for the last stretch , 
  [ my feelings about this song ] ( http://puu.sh/dfqv0/2134f62c86.png ), 
  she lives less then a kilometer away , but i am still loosing her because her new friends from her new school is taking up all her time . 
  talk to her about it , op , but in the end , remember that some times shit just happens . 
  but please , talk to her first . 
  allways worth a try, 
  actually , i just got to see it in cinemas . 
  some of the better ghibli stuff in years . 
  are you suprised ? 
  propabily something along the lines of `` n\u00f8dhammer '' . 
  i am norwegian , but i am pretty sure `` n\u00f8d '' also means emergency in danish too . 
  username plz, 
  how do you control the thrust of only one engine ? 
  tqbf - the big black . 
  you can guess where ... 
  cool concept , but colors are off , and i do n't think advanced geometrical patterns work well . 
  one day at a time . 
  keep it up . 
  yeah , fuck him, 
  i like how there is an `` emergency fire port '' there , as if that would help, 
  support pref here , can confirm . 
  i prefer helping out then being responsible for something ( like , a `` lane '' in moba 's ) and getting blamed for loosing . 
  i am much happier helping someone else succeed . 
  i ai n't gon na lie , those burgers look better then most fast food burgers around where i live, 
  are you sure ? 
  this changes everything . 
  this is true , data is a lot bigger then code . 
  wow is under 5mb in size afaik , but there is over 24gb of data . 
  hey , if it ever gets out , atleast when your mum calls you crazy , you can say she has satans womb since all her children turn out gay \\ o /, 
  the player who did it was cookiezi . 
  he used to be the best , but he got banned . 
  apparently . 
  caused eye problems aswell , because of lack of blinking or something, 
  / u/xtendedimpact summarized it . 
  his girlfriend still plays , though , and has to answer tonnes of `` does cookiezi still do x '' fanmail through her ask.fm . 
  yeah . 
  there are a few players nowadays that are close to living up to his skill leve , though , apparently . 
  i do n't really follow high level players , though . 
  for me it 's more that i am not really a fan of circlejerking good players . 
  there are enough people doing that allready , so why should i ? 
  i agree with your point , though, 
  what rank ? 
  eh , you have to start somewhere, 
  they obfuscate . 
  based on the letter 's positions on the keyboard this looks like someone just mashed their hand at the middle of the keyboard . 
  might be generated , though i would assume the letters would be more scattered if mapped out . 
  what if some people prefer when the pics are for them and not just for anybody to see ? 
  lax , man . 
  come back when you do n't have to lurk my posting history to find something against me  . 
  i 'm just here because there usually is something amusing in threads like these . 
  thanks !, 
  good read, 
  macbook is a waste of money . 
  you pay double the cash for same specs . 
  go for the xps . 
  c4d calculates rays , which gives a more realstic result ( but at a price ) . 
  games simply do n't have the time to do so in realtime ( though there are realtime raytracers ) . 
  look up raytracing and raymarching . 
  there is some cool stuff on it . 
  game engines render triangles , since it is faster . 
  well , in the end , there are a lot of things that can cause this , including :, 
  * the renderer not being optimized, 
  * the `` raytracing '' in the options only being for lighting, 
  * the resolution, 
  * there is reflection in the sphere . 
  that is really expensive ( especially if not raytraced ) since you have to re-render the scene per reflective object afaik, 
  note that i am no proffesional in this field . 
  let 's wait until some hobby hackers write a custom server , and then all just pirate it as revenge for rockstar screwing us over , eh ? 
  how was it ? 
  \\ o / sounds amusing . 
  what do you do with the cencored masterpieces ? 
  post them somewhere ? 
  they hate us cause they aint us , 
  i would read the sidebar . 
  this seems a tad too serious to fit the rest of the content here :p, 
  yeah . 
  wiskey color is a bit off . 
  distortion on the top of the bottle looks a bit `` fake '' . 
  table a bit too glossy . 
  other then that , it is a really good render imo . 
  yes . 
  reminds me of the [ fire distinguisher ] ( http://puu.sh/gm46m/0941c1fd3e.jpg ), 
  hp elitebook 840 vs macbook air 13 '' ( i think , a long time since i did the maths on it ) . 
  basically , local goverment had two pc 's and two macs you could buy from them for about 240 $ off , so i compared them to show how stupid the price difference was . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/dodsrpu4d3vjxgd/pc_vs_mac.ods?dl=0 ) is the sheet if you want to check my maths . 
  it is in norwegian , though , and some of the numbers i did there are not really needed ( like ghz to price ratio and such ) , but the main point is there , and most important numbers are commented with names that closely reassemble english anyways . 
  prices are in nok , btw . 
  so yes , i did n't directly compare the xps , but from experience mac tends to be double the price of reasonabily priced competitors , and they generally have a reputation of being overpriced , so atleast for me , it 's a no-go . 
  ea should make it a bannable offense having a server with rules that make certain parts of the game bannable . 
  bannable as in owner of server looses their right to play the game in the first place . 
  do n't like that the game has rpg 's , shotguns and stingers ? 
  don ', 
  t play it . 
  dude , there is a huuuge difference, 
  that 's propabily something ssl related . 
  happens to us when teachers block the internet, 
  well , sorry , english is not my native language , so typo 's may occur,
