  when does the narwhal bacon, 
  you know how the newspapers talking about all the damaged after new years eve ? 
  ( in norway , it ended with stick rockets being banned ) , i want proper statistics of the damages ocurred from it . 
  like , how many eye injuries , etc. 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  still look hot . 
  nope !, 
  flash has a shitload of vunerabilities as well , but everybody talks extra about java because it is so hated :(, 
  here , i wrote a astar library in java . 
  use it if you want as a base/inspiration , 
  meanwhile next morning :, 
  `` oh gawd , my mouth tastes like shit ! '', 
  i know dat feel , bro, 
  * insert katawa shoujo reference here *, 
  damn those five tattoos ... 
  this needs an answer . 
  i am in mensaaaaaaaa !, 
  mtc, 
  i am also working on a recreation of the world , but i am developing software to generate it for me based on a heightmap i got at nasa ( and some data maps , like population and biomes ) . 
  i am planning on making the map complete with buildings that represent population in areas , caves , and ores . 
  ( incase someone comments the time it wil take , i calculated i need 14k regions to take a map 1:138 the size of the earth ( largest data i could find ) . 
  my software is designed to be run on multiple computers , having a central server delegating regions to generate to the different machines . 
  therefore , the amount of time it will take to generate the map depends on the amount of computers i set up to help ) . 
  in norway we use defibrilators to start hearts . 
  i say false on this one . 
  a friend of mine has had it for many weeks without giving a fuck . 
  you see him in pain a lot , and he does not want to relax any more . 
  also , his sight gets fucked up a lot, 
  basically , what i did was write my own computercraft program that mined branch mines for me with 100 % efficiency for 2 blocks y. 
  then i cherrypicked the mines , and got 100 % of the ores for 2 blocks y. 
  funny fact : i calculated an average of 1 diamond per 400th block under level 20 . 
  programmer here , with some glsl shader experience :, 
  this effect would actually be quite hard to do , because of several factors :, 
  the details - can be fixed with noise , tho, 
  the effect itself - glsl shaders work by programming the graphics card on what to do per pixel on the screen . 
  because this effect `` smudges '' out colors , it will require something called multisampling . 
  also , the painting effect is very expensive on its own , so i dont think we will se any mod like this in the next few years :(, 
  flash is just as unsecure , and i 'm pretty sure sun talked about the exploit being fixed in the newest version of java, 
  except for the loli , he has no reason ... 
  i dont have any special sad items myself atm , just a very special ( a lot of special happened up to it ) drawing from a friend that marked the start of a depressing part of my life . 
  ... then making a voice actor say it . 
  i 'd do anything to see bill respond to this . 
  allready ? 
  yeah , would be even more amusing, 
  75 000 lines of code and counting !, 
  newsflash : market for proxies in iceland up 500 % ... 
  i find it funny that not only is it 99 % faster then the rest of the us , it is also 99 % faster then the rest of us ^ ^, 
  a lot of coffee and a lot of time on my hands ... 
  i do n't like people using autistic as a curseword . 
  forest ? 
  vvvvvv, 
  test, 
  how do you get the data ? 
  programmer with no ai experience here :, 
  i will join as long as someone could guide me through the first steps , as ai 's are new to me, 
  the ceo of ea , and steve balmer, 
  doubt it . 
  i dislike my mom because she forced herself into my life after i was diagnosed as autistic , she felt like she was my guardian and had to protect me . 
  basically , she overprotected me and forced herself on me , and i got pissed , dislike her . 
  edit : i dont have women . 
  ftp : / / ftp.gathering.org/tg/2011/creativecompos/renderedgraphics/011%20-%20barelyregal-volant.png, 
  you are welcome, 
  first / r/wtf porn picture today actually marked as porn . 
  you have to wait for the modders to update . 
  check sonic ether 's facebook page . 
  / r/amiugly first, 
  then , propabily, 
  dude , i am 14 . 
  no wai , no matter how bad i have it now, 
  a person looking at your junk, 
  huh . 
  thanks to asperger 's , i treat social interraction as packets of data . 
  this hobby-crave-thing is wierd . 
  and i thought 16 years was bad here in norway ... 
  because i rarely properly befriend people , i would make him my lifetime comrade and write code n stuf together, 
  what have i missed ? 
  send it to / r/wtf, 
  niggerbiscuit said it all . 
  as an extra , many find it hard to uninstall it , which i believe classifies software as a virus by many . 
  see the babylon toolbar, 
  kerbal space program - rocket science for the masses since 2011, 
  i can dream , harold !, 
  not me , but a friend of mine got a 1 $ eraser in a class gift exchange . 
  i dont like blonde hair actually . 
  ... medical porn ? 
  what motivates you to do this ? 
  at our school , we learned to do cpr to the beat of that song, 
  i do n't see anything bad about this , all he is doing is talking abut his hobby/lifestyle . 
  and by the looks of the presentation , he is doing it in a serious way . 
  i dont see this as cringe . 
  reddit ddos again . 
  what happened to the nsfw tag :( . 
  if having a unpopular meaning becomes a popular thing to do , i dont want to live on this planet any more, 
  ( it looks like he is only being edgy because he is trying to get attention by having this meaning ), 
  well written post with some good arguments , hope you get tipped by the bitcoin billionaire for it . 
  funny fact : counter terrorists in norwegian is translated into `` antiterrorister '' , or anti-terrorists, 
  have a `` i 'm sorry on your behalf '' upvote, 
  if i understand reddit correctly , most posts are reposts anyways, 
  you allready know of komplett and clas ohlson , which are the ones i prefer the most .
