  germany is going to be getting less and less income from taxes as people grow old and can no longer work . 
  you can start cutting back now , or just borrow money that you 'll never be able to pay back . 
  if you can see it working out some other way , please share it . 
  i genuinely do n't see how this will turn out any other way . 
   but thats a little too rational for people to even think about please think about what you 're saying for a moment . 
  that would be a monstrous , genocidal act that could n't be justified under any circumstances . 
  we * are * supposed to be the `` civilised '' ones , right ? 
  besides , we already have large muslim populations in the west . 
  you think they 'd be cool with it if we annihilated their brethren in the middle east ? 
  i do n't think we 'd stop terrorism . 
  if anything , we 'd make it an order of magnitude worse . 
  finally , the middle east is huge . 
  think of how many nukes you 'd need . 
  all that nuclear fallout is n't just going to stay there . 
  it 'd be a fun world to live in afterwards , what with all the cancer , sickness and death . 
  this . 
  most muslims are n't terrorists and are unlikely to become one . 
  that said , there is a real security risk from isis infiltrators among the current wave of migrants . 
  my understanding is that runaway nuclear reactions are extremely difficult to get going , and require complex , specialised machinery . 
  it 's not that nuclear materials are n't extremely dangerous , but the engineering involved really does require the expertise of a nation-state . 
  as for stealing an actual nuke , that 's an entirely different story . 
  it 's really not the terrorists that are the problem . 
  it 's the fact that our societies are going to have to change their progressive social policies . 
  the muslim people are very conservative , and their children are likely to be even more so . 
  over time , our cultures will revert back to being religious and socially conservative . 
  we have no choice in the matter . 
  we signed away our sovereignty to the eu a long time ago . 
  besides , no one here has the guts to speak out against it anyway . 
  i 'm afraid this is most likely to be the case , unless the uk objects as bar50cal pointed out . 
  lawl , one that we wo n't bother to use , most likely . 
  we 're fast asleep over here . 
  we just imitate what other countries around us do . 
  there 's no critical debate on anything of importance , least of all immigration . 
  we usually just copy whatever the uk does . 
  there 's a part of me that wonders what would happen if we just let the entire middle east into the eu . 
  i mean , they basically have freedom of movement in europe anyway . 
  pretty much the entire area from morocco to pakistan would empty out into europe . 
  then , europeans would abandon their homelands and take over the cities that the migrants had abandoned . 
  news broadcast , 2100 : refugees fleeing europe !, 
  my country is far futher north than slovenia , but i ca n't remember the last time we got snow . 
  i suppose it 's the mild atlantic ocean that keeps it that way . 
  i did n't know slovenia was so mountainous . 
  the more you know . 
  is n't slovenia right next to italy ? 
  i 'm surprised that you could have freezing temperatures in a mediterreanean climate . 
  it 's to do with women actually being able to have some say in how they practice their religion . 
  after all , it 's not like their men are even remotely willing to compromise . 
  the difference is that no one takes christianity seriously anymore . 
  speak for yourself !, 
  my country used to be catholic , and it 's as corrupt as they come . 
   and i also do n't understand your eagerness to throw your own actual real constitution that actually really exists down the toilet like that . 
  i 'm sorry if you took offence at that . 
  anyway , i 'd rather end this conversation . 
  it was a throwaway remark that i do n't feel bothered defending . 
  for me , it 's more a `` that 's not the name of the country '' thing . 
  the uk is not called england . 
  the island that england is situated on is not called england . 
  somehow , the world seems to believe that england is an independent country , unconnected with scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  anyone remember mitt romney 's comment about england being `` just a small island ? '', 
  my understanding is that it was brought back and passed into law by the lisbon treaty . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  as far as the world is concerned , britain and the uk are just other names for england , of which wales and scotland are of course just counties . 
  yeah , it drives me nuts too . 
  i meant that the russian state is a threat to european interests . 
  i have absolutely nothing against the russian people themselves . 
  true . 
  it 's an interesting coincidence , but of no practical consequence . 
  i believe it was geert wilders , yes . 
  i do n't agree with the man 's politics , but i still thought it made for a interesting comparison american and european attitudes to governance . 
  thank you for pointing that out , though . 
  i 'd forgotten just who it was that first made that statement . 
  and i know it 's not technically called the `` european constitution '' , it 's called the [ `` treaty establishing a constitution for europe '' . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/eu-law/decision-making/treaties/pdf/treaty_establishing_a_constitution_for_europe/treaty_establishing_a_constitution_for_europe_en.pdf ) close enough , i think . 
  it 's not that there are n't any guns in europe , but the requirements for getting hold of one are very strict . 
  in my country , you need to get permission from the police , and they can turn you down for no reason at all if they do n't like the look of you . 
  in the uk , the police will actually visit your home once a year to make sure your gun is locked up propely . 
  the ammo must be kept in a different safe to the gun itsef . 
  on top of that , handguns are just flat-out illegal in the british isles , and a hassle to get in continental europe . 
  and you can forget about carrying one on you in public . 
  not even in switzerland is `` concealed carry '' legal for civilians . 
  i see your point , though . 
  incidentally , brevik obtained the pistol and rifle he used to carry out his attacks through legal methods , so make of that what you will . 
  perhaps we are n't as safe as we think we are . 
  i was talking about the european constitution , not the belgian one !, 
  the european constitution begins by listing the various heads of state in each european country , in alphabetical order . 
  as it so happens , belgium is first in the list . 
  my town is ringed by mountains like that , and you do n't even notice them most of the time . 
  occasionally , when the weather is clear , you 'll look up and suddenly realise `` wow , my town looks like it 's from somewhere in norway , how cool '' . 
  you 'd be amazed what you can get used to , though . 
  i remember showing photos i took of the landscape around my house ( heavily wooded , with very dramatic slopes and hills ) and she was blown away by it . 
  i remember feeling surprised at her reaction , since i 'd grown to think of it as rather mundane . 
  whether they 're white or not does n't make the slightest difference . 
  the point is whether they 're religious fundamentalists or not . 
  how many mexicans do you hear about wanting to establish a catholic state ? 
  mind you , the us does have a lot of christian fundamentalists , but fortunately they seem to be dying out over time . 
  this . 
  you guys are actually lucky to have mexico as your neighbor . 
  i mean , the drug trafficking sucks , but we have russia , north africa and the middle east right next door . 
  true . 
  [ the number is much lower than in the united states , though .
