  ] ( http://www.psmag.com/health-and-behavior/school-shootings-whats-different-europe-93223 ), 
  my country was once a catholic theocracy . 
  i have an uncle who is gay and who could n't admit to my religious grandfather that he was in a relationship until his partner died from cancer . 
  i think that we should tolerate the superficial aspects of islamic practice . 
  i see nothing wrong with women wearing headscarves , or with making halal food availble to those who want it . 
  but when it comes to basic human rights , like respect for a person 's sexual orientation , we should n't budge . 
  i do n't think there 's a serious danger of an islamic majority in any european country , but there is a risk of our own people compromising a little too much for the sake of respecting their views . 
  one way we can do this is by simply letting them see that we intend to live as we see fit , and not letting ourselves be intimidated . 
  we should be neither bigots nor cowards !, 
  and you 're playing your part for the good life in your country . 
  i think that is worthy of high praise indeed considering the times we live in . 
  i 'm talking about the ownership of firearms for self defence , which i should have made clearer . 
  you can buy a gun , sure , you just ca n't take it out of your safe except for specific activities like hunting , and you ca n't carry it on your person in public like an american can . 
  point taken , though , some countries are more lax about restrictions than others . 
  is n't marxism about social class , not race or ethnicity ? 
  i do n't know that much about it , but it seems strange to use the term marxism to describe race relations . 
  you must be glad that gay marriage is legal in the netherlands . 
  considering your background , i think you 're very brave to stick to your relationship , and not let your religion dictate who you should be . 
  we in europe are stuck with a public consensus that rejects the private ownership of firearms entirely , so whether they 'd help protect us or not , we do n't have a choice in the matter . 
  our constitution does n't begin with `` we the people '' , it begins with `` his majesty the king of the belgians ... '' anyone who speaks up for firearms ownership on this side of the atlantic will be accused of wanting to usher in united states-style school shootings ( and to be fair , school shootings just are n't a thing in europe precisely because of how difficult it is for disturbed people to get hold of lethal weapons ) . 
  considering that we are powerless to change this , it 's no wonder that europeans focus on the negative sides of gun ownership . 
  we ca n't make any choice at all about the right to bear arms . 
  you people , on the other hand , can . 
  europeans will never be able to legally defend themselves . 
  even pepper spray is prohibited in many of our states . 
  we criticism the american freedoms we know we ca n't have , because you might as well look on the bright side , right ? 
  defenceless against terrorism , but at least we do n't have any school shootings . 
  not yet , at least . 
  here in ireland , it 's not about lifestyle . 
  i 've known people who got to go to college only at the expense of one of their siblings missing out . 
  we do n't take out multi-decade college loans over here , so people who ca n't afford to pay for college for each of their kids just let them drop out . 
  if i were to have any children ( fat chance of that , but whatever ) i would only have one , purely so that i could fund all their needs for absolutely everything . 
  education , healthcare , healthy food , clothing , schoolbooks and computer equipment , insurance , the list goes on . 
  believe me , you do n't want to rely on ireland 's public healthcare if you get sick . 
  i come from a family with two children , myself and my sister . 
  our mother stayed at home to look after us instead of becoming a teacher , while my father has worked two jobs all his life so that both of us could afford college . 
  they 've made enormous sacrifices so that we could achieve the absolute minimum in life - get an education , so that it will be possible to get decently paid jobs , and maybe even afford health insurance and a flat while we 're at it . 
  i 'm under no illusions about just how hard it would be for me , if my time ever comes to raise a child myself . 
  the cost of living in this country is utterly insane , and our public services are shit because we let big businesses get away without paying any taxes . 
  add the debt from the banking crisis , and there 's no money to help everyone who 's struggling to raise their families . 
  so no , for me it would n't be about lifestyle , it would be a case of can i even afford to raise one child ? 
  never mind two , i 've seen the hardship my parents endured to make that happen . 
  forgive me for ranting . 
  i 'm getting older , and it bothers me to see how hard the next generation will have it with the way things are going . 
  part of the problem is that it becomes steadily more difficult to work as you get older . 
  memory deteriorates , the muscles and bones weaken , eyesight and hearing decline . 
  if over 50 % of your population are too old to work to support themselves , then you have a real problem . 
  who will pay for the living expenses of all the elderly people ? 
  sure , you might still be fine up until your sixties , but as you move into your seventies and eighties , your ability to do paid work will diminish . 
  no doubt there are some exceptionally healthy people still able to work at that age , but for most of us , we 'll probably be struggling with day to day tasks like remembering where we put things or lifting the shopping . 
  you ca n't reasonably expect people to work right up until the end of their lives . 
  eventually , they just wo n't be able to keep going . 
  it 's not that the shrinking population will be a problem , although that will reduce a country 's economic power and political influence . 
  it 's the composition of the population . 
  we 're transitioning from having a reasonably even mix of age groups to a disproportionate number of over-fifties in the case of germany . 
  there 's no precedent in history for this kind of problem , so that 's why there 's so much fuss about how to cope . 
  my country has a problem not unlike yours . 
  over here in ireland , large american companies will open offices here , but all the software development will be done in the united states , while all we get are the sales and marketing jobs . 
  on top of that , our only draw for foreign companies is our low corporate tax , which the rest of us have to pay for with high taxes on our own income . 
  is there any possibility for czech companies to buy out the factories being build there ? 
  manufacturing is n't a bad basis for an economy at all , so long as you 're building high-value products . 
  it sounds like you czechs are getting stuck with only building bits and pieces of foreign products , though , rather than building your own products . 
  realistically , we have two choices . 
  we all speak english , get americanised and all our local cultures die out . 
  or we continue speaking our national languages , with seperate nation-states to match . 
  sorry , europe . 
  we 're not uniting anytime soon . 
  people here in europe are afraid of islam and of the ordinary muslims who practice islam . 
  thus , the refugees , who are mostly muslims , are seen as a threat to society . 
  i hate to state the obvious , but it 's why it 's not being treated as a human rights issue but as a security issue . 
  and yes , you 're correct . 
  the west 's blather about human rights always takes a backseat to practical `` realpolitik '' concerns . 
  kind of like how russia is technically called the russian federation ? 
  i 'd prefer us just to be called europe . 
  now if only there were plenty of jobs , too . 
  not even being mean here , france is a incredible country , but the unemployment rate is even worse than ireland . 
  hard to consider moving over there for that reason alone . 
  i do n't think anyone here will be queuing up to enter belarus , somehow . 
  it 's scotland you 'll want to go for redheads , we 've hardly any of them here . 
  the lowlands area is looking pretty good with regards to gender-ratio ... 
  it 's just an educated guess on my part , but i think it means that the people of your region are getting older , and the proportion of women is going up because of the men dying at younger ages . 
  the irish are considered among the least attractive people in europe , so you 'd be better off with france , in my opinion . 
  men were hit disproportionately hard by the economic crash , as the construction industry ground to a halt . 
  most of them would have left for places like christchurch , new zealand , which is still rebuilding after the earthquake , or australia , where the property market is still growing rapidly . 
  we depend on the entire western world , really . 
  no one would be bothered invading us , and we 're too far away for russia to be bothered . 
  our armed forces participate in peacekeeping missions and aiding flood victims , but we do n't really have any defence needs . 
  i 'm glad to hear that . 
  but estonia 's russian population is a lot higher , around 24 % of their population . 
  hopefully , they 've taken similar precautions to lithuania . 
  if you 're talking about the mutual defence commitment in the lisbon treaty , we have an opt-out from that . 
  that said , i 'd love to see ireland help , but people in this country are very attached to our neutrality . 
  [ see how we reacted to the paris attacks , for example . ], 
  ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/paris-attacks-eu-defence-clause-will-not-affect-irish-neutrality-1.2433218 ), 
  the uk is unlikely to become majority muslim any time this century . 
  that does n't mean the increasing muslim population wo n't have an impact on british society . 
  we may well see a far more socially conservative britain in decades to come , or political parties openly based on islamic norms . 
  but you 're jumping a little too far ahead . 
  something to think about before rushing to leave the eu , no ? 
  too true !,
