  iran and saudi arabia hate each other 's guts , despite both being very conservative muslim societies . 
  heck , from that poll linked to by chemspiration , i learned that only half of tunisians even want sharia law , compared to three quarters of the egyptians . 
  do n't feel discouraged . 
  keep posting , even if you get downvoted . 
  we need a variety of views here . 
  i genuinely think that the current wave of refugees represent a serious problem for us europeans , but i 'm also happy to listen to the views of muslims who think differently . 
  after all , it wo n't be long before we 're all forced to live with people who think and live very differently to us . 
  we 're going to have to coexist , somehow . 
   now you 're just trolling you did notice that his username is ... * trollatori * , right ? 
  the only feasible way is to transition back to one income payer for family it 's too late to turn back the clock . 
  the few european countries that have managed to maintain a healthy birth rate did so by ensuring that women did n't have to choose between working and having children . 
  just look at germany and its * rabenmutter * attitude to women , then compare that to how sweden enables its working parents to spend time with their families . 
  it 's a delusion to think that we can revert to traditional gender roles . 
  we need excellent financial support for families , which only our welfare states can provide . 
  it goes beyond that , too . 
  creches that actually operate at times that suit working women , a corporate attitute to mothers that does n't see them as a pointless waste of the company 's time and profit and some kind of limit on the cost of raising children . 
  there 's a lot of different cultural and economic factors involved , which is why the problem is such a difficult one to address . 
   there simply was a worker shortage was there a reason why you took in turks , as opposed to , say , italians ? 
   what is the benefit of muslim immigration ? 
  our leaders just do n't distinguish between muslim immigrants and non-muslim immigrants . 
   but you could get those same benefits from non-muslim immigrants instead but we 're all the same deep down !, 
  no conflicts of fundamental values here , no siree !, 
  yeah , i ca n't help but feel that french speakers got screwed compared to spanish speakers . 
  latin america is an incredible part of the world , and some parts of it are quite prosperous and liveable . 
  sub-saharan africa ... not so much . 
  it blew my mind when i read that there are towns in northern main where americans live out their entire lives speaking french . 
  i mean ... speaking french ... you just do n't think of it as an american thing . 
  incidentally , did n't france once own large parts of what is now the united states ? 
  must feel like you missed out on a much larger french-speaking world . 
  the people who settled ireland originally came from the celtic regions of spain , so we really are brothers !, 
  well , if you 're galician , that is . 
  where are you from ? 
  we 're on fine terms with the british , or have n't you heard about the queen 's visit ? 
  we were estatic to be treated like subjects once again !, 
  / jk australia is an interesting case , though . 
  you think they 'd see themselves as english , but distance and geography alone really can make a nation . 
  the other celtic nations in the british isles have had such different histories to us that i find them more like strangers than brothers . 
  i find scotland particularly strange , since they benefited from the union with england in a way that we never did , and even got to determine their independence through a referendum rather than a revolution . 
  they 're like a kind of anti-ireland . 
  wales , on the other hand , preserved its language and culture to a far greater degree than ireland did , yet welsh is n't an official language of the eu , there 's far less international interest in welsh culture than there is in irish culture , and there 's no realistic hope of them ever becoming independent . 
  wales is like what ireland could have been , if we 'd gotten home rule and stayed within the union . 
  other than that , i really strongly identify with canada , mainly because i know what it feels like to be from a small country overshadowed by a much more powerful and important neighbour . 
  our culture has been so heavily anglicised that it can be frustrating trying to explain to foreigners that no , we 're not just the english with funny accents . 
  similarly , it must rankle for canadians being the small guys that get mistaken for americans the whole time . 
  iceland ... if only you were a bit further south , you too could have been part of the british isles . 
  that , and their vikings stole all our most beautiful women . 
  damn you , iceland !, 
  thanks for an incredibly detailed response !, 
  immigration certainly has changed the cultures of the two countries , though i do wonder whether you 're overstating the `` anglo-protestantism '' angle a little . 
  there 's no doubt , though , that the uk media tends to exaggerate the `` special relationship '' and angst a great deal about whether or not it is still a reality . 
  it 's as though the british do n't seem to think they 're relevant anymore unless they can associate themselves with american power . 
  i think that it 's a bad thing for the uk to see its interests as too closely tied to those of the americans . 
  there 's absolutely no reason why the uk should follow the united states into each and every one of its foreign conflicts , especially if there might be a backlash in the uk from it ( e.g. 
  muslim terrorists retaliating for percieved aggression towards a fellow islamic country ) . 
  as far as `` doing things that it would n't have done otherwise '' is concerned , the uk really should look after its own interests just as the united states look after theirs . 
  israel really is a strange case , though . 
  is it jewish americans who constitute the `` israel '' lobby , christians who somehow think that israel will bring about the apocalypse , or what ? 
  [ i 've actually seen people on / r/islam asking about this . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/islam/comments/36uoza/why_do_so_many_muslims_move_to_the_west_instead/ ) made for some interesting reading . 
  can someone tell me whether the relationship between the united states and the united kingdom is really as close as it seems ? 
  they obviously have closely aligned economic and security interests , but it seems to me like the americans are most concerned with how britain serves their interests rather than british interests . 
  is the `` special relationship '' really all about * realpolitik * , after all , rather than something more enduring than the obama administration ? 
  i think it 's because most governments do n't take cultural or religious background into account at all when selecting immigrants , as if all the world 's peoples are interchangable and exactly alike . 
  i do n't see why people from those countries ca n't come in small numbers , assuming that they 're doctors , engineers , scientists or other productive professions . 
  what i find really baffling is that so many of europe 's foreign-descended population are the children of manual labourers . 
  i mean , not only do we not need unskilled immigrants , but those kinds of people are the ones whose children are most likely to end up unemployed and on welfare . 
  it 's not like our economies need that many buildings to be constructed . 
  even if they do actually work , immigrants alone are n't enough . 
  if your birth rate is as low as germany , all you 'll achieve is slowing the rate of population decline . 
   you could also compare the productivity level per person in post-war germany out of interest , how do you think the aging of germany 's workers will affect their productivity ? 
   you do n't necessarily need four people to finance one pensioner no , you do n't , not if you cut down on the amount of money they recieve . 
  but i would n't exactly call it an improvement over the standard of living they can expect today . 
  people in their fifties are more than capable of working . 
  the problem is that those fifty year olds will soon be in their sixties , then their seventies , and many of them just wo n't be fit enough or [ mentally alert enough to keep working . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151126/half-of-germans-fear-dementia-in-old-age ) and it 's not like there 's lots of young people coming up behind them to replace them . 
  [ incidentally , germany has the second oldest population in the world , with the average age being around 44 . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151209/germany-has-second-oldest-population-worldwide ) as for why the germans do n't raise wages ... well , how do you think germany 's manufacturing industry is so competitive compared to the rest of europe ? 
  it 's at least partly because german wages cost your business less money . 
  i 'd rather not say , if you would n't mind . 
  after all , everything i post here can be seen on my profile by the entire world . 
  the uk will have a huge number of elderly in 2060 , just like germany . 
  the difference is that your country will still have plenty of working-age people as a result of all the children being born today . 
  still a greying nation , but the retirees to workers ratio wo n't be as bad as it will be in germany . 
  this . 
  ireland has far worse childcare facilities and support for mothers than countries like sweden or france , yet our birth rate is the highest in europe . 
  we 're still a very old-fashioned country where having larger families is seen as normal , and that persists regardless of what the government does . 
  [ germany spends 200 billion euro per year promoting children and families , but ordinary germans just do n't care . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/study-shows-germany-wasting-billions-on-failed-family-policy-a-881637.html ) that said , our birth rate is slowly declining too , mainly because women tend to wait until they are older before having a child , then find that they ca n't have a second one . 
  the problem is that people are living too long . 
  they 're not dying of preventable causes in their fifties and sixties as would have happened in previous centuries . 
  social welfare pretty much rests on the assumption that the number of elderly will be far less than the number of working age people . 
  in a society where everyone survives to old age , that becomes impossible without dramatic population increases . 
   why should a country worry so much about its debt possibly increasing 40 years from now ? 
  my understanding is that debt becomes a problem once the people you borrowed the money from stop believing that you 'll ever pay it back . 
  japan 's debt is mostly owned by native japanese investors . 
  the single largest holder of japanese bonds is the bank of japan , so they 're not really under pressure from other countries to pay it off anytime soon . 
  they also have substantial financial assets that they can sell off if they ca n't pay back their loans . 
  because people are going to stop working and paying taxes as they get older . 
  who will replace them ? 
  the children and grandchildren they are n't having ?
