  i find that people on this sub tend to jump to jump to conclusions about what you mean . 
  keeping your tone respectful can go a long way to avoiding arguments over nothing . 
  heck , i 've pissed off people countless times on this sub because i was n't clear enough about what i mean in my posts , but i wish people would enquire a little further before going on the offensive . 
  this is an outstanding reply , and far more than i ever expected . 
  thank you very much , i knew nothing about how turkey operated in the past , much less that islamic law meant different things in different times and places . 
  i also think i understand why people get so upset over the muslic arbitration tribunals , since they represent a seperate legal system within the mainstream british culture . 
  people who use a system like that will never fully assimilate into their host culture . 
  that 's what we 're slowly waking up to in the west , that the people we 're taking into our midst will never be like us . 
  i think we 'll have to become a little more like the ottoman empire if we are to coexist , though . 
  while we wo n't get muslims assimilating into our societies , there 's no reason why they ca n't become integrated , productive members of society . 
  i will say , though , that if islamic law must be part of our societies , that it must be something seperate from the laws of the country . 
  europe has lived through bitter religious wars before , and we certainly do n't need any more of them . 
  i just hope that the `` other side '' is willing to compromise with us . 
  i intend to do my part as best i can by trying not to take a bigoted attitude towards the newcomers . 
  anyway , thanks a million for an excellent post . 
  we need more people like you around here . 
  the world has become far more interdependent , mostly because it makes economic sense . 
  it 's why we 're all tied to germany 's fuckups . 
  there have been better times when the lack of schengen border controls has been a boon for the economy , in terms of reducing time wasted at checkpoints between friendly nations . 
  now that we have hostile people living within our countries , it 's become a liability , but it did and still does make economic sense . 
  most of the major problems we 're struggling with are down to the fact that our world is set up for making money , in my opinion . 
  germany 's prosperity has backfired spectacularly in terms of making it attractive to migrants , for example . 
  but i believe that automation is a challenge that we are actually well placed to take advantage of here in europe . 
  if we can automate the right areas of the economy , being unemployed might not be the scourge in the future that it is today , since the cost of producing things like food , clothing and other essentials would fall . 
  you do n't have to pay robots a living wage , after all . 
  the challenge would be to ensure that these cost savings get passed on to the consumer , rather than get pocketed by big business . 
  speaking of big business , they do n't have things entirely their own way either . 
  apple is finding that the days of paying virtually no tax at all are coming to an end , as europe is coming down hard on our dodgy dealings with them . 
  corporations are powerful , but not omnipotent . 
  that said , your concerns are real and valid ones . 
  i just think it 's important not to lose hope . 
  the european union was born out of the ashes of world war ii , after all . 
  i 'll also check out that video when i have time , thanks . 
   i do n't know why you think that europe is so much more special . 
  i do n't . 
  when i said that the rich countries `` have to have a sense of solidarity '' with the poorer ones , i did n't mean that they were somehow * obliged * to . 
  what i meant was that if that sense of solidarity is n't there , then the european union ca n't really work . 
  each country in europe has its own interests and we clearly are n't keen to put the interests of `` europe '' before those of our own country . 
  there is no solidarity , just a bunch of seperate countries all trying to do their own thing in their own best interests . 
  it was a statement that was intended to stimulate debate . 
  i was not suggesting that hungary was not european , i was pointing out that `` european '' is an ambiguous term . 
  for example , you said :  do you have to be a neoliberal shithole to be `` european '' now ? 
  well , * do * you ? 
  that 's an assumption that we in western europe often hold to , complete with the idea that eastern europe has to `` catch up '' to western europe in some way . 
  it 's an idea born out of ignorance , and discussion can help address the problem . 
  that said , i realise that my question does sound as though i am attacking hungary . 
  i apologise for that , it was not my intention and i 'll be sure to consider my words more carefully in future . 
  and , yes , now that i think of it , i am probably biased towards thinking of hungary and poland as `` russian-style pseudodictatorships '' . 
  they 're certainly portrayed that way in western news media . 
  i 'll have to do some googling to better inform myself . 
   people get hung up on islam as if turks are super fundamentalists . 
  even erdogan 's mob are not the kind of muslims that europeans are afraid of . 
  this is the biggest reason why you guys are having such a hard time joining the eu . 
  if you were n't muslims , we 'd have gone easy on you and found some excuse to get you in once you were at least trying to meet the accession criteria . 
  also , most people over here think of turkey as a poor country , and probably fear the same torrent of people migrating to their country as is currently happening with syria . 
  in ireland we do n't get taught about the history of any non-western country , so we know very little about countries like turkey . 
  i was really surprised to learn that despite how conservative the current government is , turkey is officially a secular state !, 
  much like europe itself . 
  it 's a geographical term that is poor for describing a nation 's culture . 
  is orban 's hungary `` european '' ? 
  maybe not * western * european , but it depends on your point of view . 
  no doubt a hungarian would argue that it will be more european than the likes of germany and sweden in decades to come . 
  how is your country on freedom of speech , respect for human rights , constraints on the power of the head of state and protection of minorities ? 
  not trying to attack you here , i genuinely do n't know that much about turkey , but if you 're shaky in any of the above areas it 'll weigh against you for an eu application . 
  heck , certain countries in eastern/central europe still have n't quite made it in all these categories . 
   it 's not longer possible to live on a single wage and raise a child do n't think this has anything to do with the eu , actually . 
  the cost of living tends to increase over time when an economy is growing . 
   if anything we 're heading for civil war the more likey scenario is that europe never collapses , and we keep having to suffer through this crap with no prospect of ever just washing our hands of it all . 
   did you forget the northern or did you really think ireland is part of the uk ? 
  you 'd be surprised how common this mistake is . 
  the fact that so many people in nothern ireland prefer to think of themselves as irish rather than british does n't help . 
  is it easy for bosnians to emigrate ? 
  i ca n't imagine choosing to continue living in a country where things are so bad . 
  and 45 % unemployment ... there 's got to be a huge shadow economy there , right ? 
  my country joined the eu and got funding for proper roads - you know , like what they have in developed countries . 
  we failed to thrive on our own . 
  it 's not surprising to see other struggling countries wanting to be part of this project to get free funding . 
  the problem is that the rich counties have to have a sense of solidarity with the poorer ones - almost as though we were all `` europeans '' or something . 
  because it 's not like europe needs more children , am i right ? 
  i love your username . 
  that is all . 
  i heard that islamic state are killing their fellow muslims in syria for minor violations of islamic custom , like eating in daytime during the ramadan , and that they justify it by accusing them of being apostates . 
  yet , christians are being allowed to live as long as they accept their inferior status and pay the special tax - just as the quaran says . 
  are islamic state really practicing an authentic version of sharia law ? 
  if not , then how can muslims even believe that there is only one `` true interpretation '' of the quaran ? 
  i 'm genuinely confused here . 
  i keep hearing about how we europeans are in danger of sharia from all the muslims coming here , yet i ca n't figure out what it 's even supposed to mean in practice . 
  there are muslim arbitration tribunals in britain , for example . 
  so , why do british muslims want sharia law when they basically already have it ? 
  i realise that you ca n't speak for all muslims , as a turk , but in your opinion , is there any way we could coexist with the migrants ? 
  because it does n't seem like they 're going to stop coming anytime soon , and everyone is really upset about it . 
  it just goes to show that we 're making an unbelievable mess of the whole integration thing , does n't it ? 
   yeah , thank you for teaching me about my own community . 
  / s til we are all for sharia and we 're religious , islamic , and our culture is same with the other muslim nations ' cultures people here are scared shitless of muslims and the ways in which they are different to us . 
  i count myself among them . 
  more muslims are coming to live in europe than ever . 
  when i read about some of the beliefs common to muslims , i , too , was afraid . 
  i came here to talk to other europeans about what was happening . 
  fear has a funny way of closing your mind . 
  when i actually did some googling on the matter myself , i was amazed to discover that homosexual behaviour is permitted , if not encouraged , in indonesia and turkey .
