haha , i know that dutch people do n't speak german to each other , but i thought i might be the odd man out speaking `` only '' two languages if everyone there is multilingual . 
  as for dutch people speaking english ... i can just pretend i 'm from poland !, 
  no offence , poland !, 
  so , would a foreigner moving to the netherlands be better off knowing german as well as dutch ? 
  the main reason that i see for learning another language is to leave your home country and go to find work somewhere else . 
  since your country actually has a functioning economy , i doubt that this is an issue for you . 
  well , i was considering learning german to escape my country 's crappy economy . 
  i 'd have considered the uk , only that there 's no guarantee that i 'd be allowed to stay if they voted to leave the eu . 
  however , since becoming more aware of the serious problems facing germany , i 'm wondering whether i 'd be better off staying put . 
  we 've taken in only 20 refugees so far . 
  perhaps i do n't appreciate the good things about ireland enough . 
  our problems with immigration are mild compared to what mainland europe has to deal with . 
  still considering learning german anyway just for the job opportunities , though . 
  there are more jobs for german speakers than any other language in ireland . 
  for someone who is unemployed , that 's all the motivation you really need . 
  more like we all abandon europe and head over to the usa . 
  then we get thrown out for overstaying our visas . 
  emigrating to the united states , canada and other anglosphere nations is not an option for most europeans . 
  you are stuck at the bottom of a very long waiting list unless you have a very specific , in-demand technical skill , such as engineering or medicine . 
  for those of us trapped within the eu , germany and its eastern neighbours are the only real option if you want to move for work . 
  such as ? 
  in all seriousness , i have n't heard of any terrorist attack in the west that was stopped by civilians shooting back . 
   it 's usage is for political and propaganda purposes by whom , exactly ? 
  serious question , i was n't aware of any effort by the uk to claim ownership of ireland in the present day . 
  i always assume that the term `` ireland '' means the republic of ireland whenever i see it used , not the island as a whole . 
  not the original language of ireland , no , but it is the language of its current population . 
  few , if any , irish people have to learn english as a second language today . 
  no problem . 
  it 's not as much of a memory hog as adblock , either , but word has n't got around yet about how much better ublock is . 
  try ublock origin . 
  does the exact same thing as adblock plus , but it 's not mainstream yet so sites are n't blocking it . 
   ** governments ** love power and control so they doing everything they can to get more . 
  fixed . 
   defenestrate meaning 1 : to throw ( someone ) out of a window . 
  meaning 2 : remove or dismiss ( someone ) from a position of power or authority . 
  do n't you just love the english language ? 
   i do n't understand why they do n't take these offers to be relocated to countries such as poland , ireland , portugal etc. 
  they do n't just want to be safe from persecution , they want to move to a country with a high income and lots of jobs . 
  the economy in ireland is shit , that 's why only 20 people have agreed to come here when we agreed to take in 4,000 people . 
  i 'm glad that eastern europe is so different to western europe . 
  it means that when we make serious mistakes in the west , the east wo n't follow us over the edge of the cliff . 
  that 's the worst part about the european union , in my opinion . 
  it tries to eliminate different approaches to solving our problems , and forces the entire continent to make the same blunders as western europe does . 
  my hope is that we would all speak english without abadoning the use of our local languages . 
  for the irish , of course , it 's simply too late . 
  you europeans are lucky to still speak your country 's original language . 
  it 's frustrating trying to define your cultural identity in english alone . 
   in the case of ireland despite the language being more or less extinct would you say irish identity is as strong as ever or weakening ? 
  stronger than ever , i 'd say . 
  as contradictory as it might sound , the fact that we have so much in common with the british make the differences feel much bigger than they really are . 
  we percieve ourselves as being less uptight , more inclined to speak our minds freely , and being far worse at organising our own affairs than they are . 
  the brits , on their side of things , tend to think of us as being like their naive country cousins , and do n't hold history against us as much as we do against them . 
  traditional irish sports like gaelic football and hurling are still widely played and the success of local teams in these sports is taken very seriously . 
  it 's not an exaggeration to say that irish people identify more with the sports teams they follow than with the irish language . 
  on top of that , our foreign policy has differered from that of the british , since we favour neutrality and an attitude that what 's good for the western powers is n't necessarily what 's good for us . 
  this is n't really enforced in practice , we 're more than happy to let american military aircraft refuel here , and literally welcome the likes of trump with music and red carpets , but that 's the irish for you . 
  we 'll say one thing and do another . 
  it really is quite remarkable how much we 've adopted the english language as our own , and continued doing the things we 're always done through english . 
  you might hear an irish person saying they feel guilty for not speaking irish better than they do , but most people do n't really care and wo n't make the effort in reality . 
  i tried speaking what limited irish i had with member of my family ( i did n't study irish in school like everyone else did due to a learning disability ) and got mocked for it by my sister who did study it . 
  she 'd come to hate it , having struggled with it in school , and could n't understand why i would use it out of choice . 
  we really are a strange people , now that i think of it . 
   same for scotland , they practically only speak english there , but scottish identity is as strong as ever . 
  the scottish have had a very different relationship with the english than we had . 
  they profited much more from the union , while we suffered greatly under english rule , and on top of that , not all scottish people were celts . 
  many of them have always spoken dialects of english like the scots language , and did n't identify much with the gaelic-speaking highlanders . 
  edinburgh , the scottish capital , has never spoken scottish gaelic , so it does n't represent any cultural loss for them to speak only english . 
  actually , our attitudes to independence really show up the differences between ireland and scotland . 
  we had to fight a bloody war to win our independence from the english , and it came at the cost of our economy for decades afterwards . 
  the scottish , on the other hand , got to vote in a referendum , and pragmatically decided that their economy would be safer in a union with england . 
  that really highlights the differences between our cultures , in my opinion . 
   now that i look at it again , i failed on grammar a lot . 
  you did , but i still understood all of what you said . 
  that you can communicate so well in a foreign language is marvellous , because it enables us to have a conversation about your country that would have been impossible otherwise . 
  i 've been considering learning the german language for this very purpose . 
  i do n't feel like much of a european speaking just english , if that makes any sense . 
   local media is n't strong ? 
  depends on what you mean by local media . 
  our regional newspapers and tv stations are doing just fine . 
  when it comes to television , though , my friends and family all watch british shows , especially when it comes to documentaries and news/current affairs . 
  in the cinema , it 's all american films , with the occasional irish film that no one watches . 
  let it be known that i have nothing against american and british media . 
  we watch their stuff because it 's usually far better than ours , not to mention produced with far bigger budgets . 
  it does feel kind of weird , though , to watch a tv show produced in the states , and seeing attitudes and behaviour that seems utterly strange to an irish person . 
  it makes it feel like our way of life is weird and not really the norm . 
  you feel like you 're kind of odd for not being an american like the entire world you see on tv is , as though you 're outside of civilisation , looking in . 
  with british media , it 's different . 
  british interests with regards to stuff like europe and the middle east align well with our own ( brexit aside ) and when watching sky news with my family , it just feels natural that we 'd learn all about what britain is doing in the world . 
  our country is powerless , after all , and is heavily affected by britain 's internal affairs . 
  either way , this is a bit off topic since the eu was n't responsible for any of this , it 's just how we were affected by globalisation . 
  it is true that we 've lost much of our sovereignty to the eu , just not our culture . 
   europe needs to work together otherwise it will be sidelined in the future by the likes of us , china , india , brazil etc. 
  we 're going to get sidelined anyway as our populations get older and less productive . 
   would you say scotland , ireland and wales have lost their cultural identity with being in union with england ? 
  to a significant degree , yes . 
  our language is more or less extinct now , and the other celtic languages are n't doing much better . 
  on top of that , our media is dominated by output from england and the united states . 
  we 're such a small country that at times it feels as though we 're little more than a province of the larger anglo-american world . 
   fair enough . 
  i guess you should have just said that originally instead of just saying you were going to dismiss him because of what work he has been involved in .
