germany ( with turks ) and the u.k. did not significantly fail to nearly the same extent as the others . 
  saying so is drastically oversimplifying the situation, 
  so you 'd rather they just never did ? 
  this is really confusing . 
  i always thought that `` roma '' referred to all gypsies . 
  not to confuse them with ethnic romanians . 
  i do n't ow what a non-roma gitano would be . 
  first of all , that 's not true . 
  race is an important stratifying voter demographic but it is by far the only one . 
  urban vs residential , age , gender , income , and education level are all important . 
  and you generally find similar levels of stratification between the two parties in those . 
  secondly , that 's not even what you said at all . 
  you said `` one party for whites ... '' implying that everyone who is white votes r , and everyone else votes d. that 's laughable . 
  `` all republicans are white '' = / = `` all whites are republican '' , not by a long shot . 
  the majority of the democratic party is still white , as is the majority of the voting bloc as a whole . 
  sometimes i wonder which is worse ; the average european redditor 's understanding of the us political situation , or the average american redditor 's understanding of europe 's . 
  i still believe the latter is worse , but every once in a while there 's a gem like this that makes me reconsider . 
  i think that 's bullshit . 
  the presence of indians and pakistanis in the uk is not because of british white guilt . 
  have you even been to any of these countries or are you just going by what you read on reddit ? 
  yeah , the united kingdom is clearly encouraging all of these people to come ... 
  maybe one of these european countries will let him immigrate if he sucks up enough, 
  french life is n't the one they see/hear about in the media and tv and internet . 
  also they do n't want to learn a new language . 
  most of these guys are from ex-british colonies so they know some english , much easier than trying to deal with the strange french . 
  note that they could all easily get to germany but do n't even want that . 
  i was reading that most of them plan to just work illegally in britain rather than claim asylum ( probably an indication of how weak their asylum claim would be ) . 
  close but not quite . 
  the `` aryans '' referenced by the name `` iran '' does not refer exclusively to persians but to a larger grouping of people 's from the region of which the persians are the most prominent of . 
  this broader group of peoples are thought to be descended from the indo-european migrations who all share a common ancestral , cultural and linguistic background . 
  the persians are merely the largest and most prominent subgroup of these peoples , which also includes the kurds ( supposedly descended from the medes , the first group to be widely referred to as aryans in ancient sources ) , tajiks , and other smaller groups which are all closely related to persians , as well as parthians , scythians , alans , etc. 
  from antiquity . 
  you are correct in that there are non-iranian people 's living in iran ( such as the various turkic peoples , arabs , etc ) who would be iranian by nationality but not iranian by ethnicity ( or race but the concept of an aryan race is ebbing into pseudoscience and is difficult to prove ) . 
  in any case , no one should be confusing skin color with race with ethnicity because there 's no clear distinction between these artificial groups of people and skin color is a bullshit way of classifying someone ethnically anyway . 
  there are genetically closely related groups of people out there who do n't look all that alike due to a number of subtle reasons ; who gets to decide who is part of one race and who is n't on this spectrum ? 
  but his ideology was n't `` imported '' at all ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it is possible for something to be bad for everyone . 
  the usa and uk have certainly dropped the ball on dealing the repercussions of destabilizing the region . 
  so has russia for continuing to perpetuate the war with their unwavering support of their pet dictator due to their regional interests . 
  that being said , germany and sweden do n't `` have '' to take care of this at all . 
  they volunteered for it . 
  i 've unfortunately spent an inordinate amount of time in that country . 
  there 's really nothing redeeming about it . 
  the climate is a hot desert hellhole . 
  there 's nothing of interest culturally other than the historical islamic sites , which non-muslims are n't allowed to visit anyway . 
  very few pre-islamic historical sites left if any , have to go to yemen if want to see sabean ruins . 
  in any case , anything remotely interesting about the arab culture , like the tea , textiles , etc. 
  can be experienced in one of the other less oppressive gulf countries , like bahrain or kuwait , or north in lebanon or jordan . 
  if you want to have rich desert fun ( and actually want to drink ) you can go to the uae . 
  saudi cuisine is some of the least appealing of any country in the muslim world - terribly bland . 
  it 's totally unremarkable . 
  when was the last time you saw a saudi themed restaurant , anywhere ? 
  the kingdom just fucking sucks unless you 're a muslim and even then it sucks for most muslims who are n't rich native gulf arabs . 
  you 're a second class human if you 're not arab and even discriminated against even if you 're an arab from outside the gulf . 
  the amount of influence that awful country has in modern geopolitics is one of life 's great injustices . 
  it 's funny how it 's mostly the germans getting downvoted in here in a topic about german domestic policy . 
  you guys need to get it through your heads that these british and american redditors know what 's best for your country . 
  because clearly that 's not your responsibility . 
  sounds like the louvre will be at least 15 % more bearable then . 
  what do you want them to do ? 
  grab their rifles and go on a witch hunt ? 
  the european parliament has no control over individual states ' domestic security policies . 
  never said it would be easy or that i agreed with them . 
  exactly , al-qaeda has been underground for decades , and how isis has already perpetrated many more civilian attacks than aq ever did . 
  aq also had true political aims ( expulsion of the west from the me ) . 
  aq also worked solely through its own operatives and never claimed to be the leaders of muslims everywhere . 
  the real danger of isis is that still serves as an inspiration and call to every discouraged muslim around the world perpetrate attacks , regardless of the target and reason . 
  they do n't even need to be involved with them - if an attacker claims they were inspired by isis , that 's all they need to consider it a success . 
  right now they look and feel like an authority figure because they are established . 
  cut them off , let them go underground , and they stop seeming like a `` caliphate '' that people can look up to and just become another terrorist group . 
  there 's a lot of power in the word caliphate . 
  people do n't want to be terrorists , which is what they are if they join al qaeda , etc. 
  they want to be soldiers of god and servants of the caliph and all that other nonsense . 
  remove their establishment and it will go a long way towards removing their authority . 
  this wo n't stop unless isis is fully eradicated , meaning a full scale invasion by western ( or russian ) forces . 
  shout all you want about immigrants but as long as this shitty caliphate exists , it will serve as a figurehead for every would be jihadist imbecile . 
  nothing short of a total capture of raqqah , the elimination of the leadership and occupation of all currently isis held lands will stop this . 
  if he even was muslim he would have been shia rather than sunni . 
  gives credence to hating and attacking sunni turks ( who he claims bullied him ) and the germans he feels betrayed him by letting them in . 
  one motive.again , if he were muslim . 
  i feel like you 're also just lumping in all forms of shia and sunni extremism into one `` islamic terrorism '' which is really ignorant . 
  shias are much less likely to go on a jihadi inspired rampage than sunnis . 
  even hezbollah has n't done that to israel , preferring more conventional warfare in the form of rocket attacks and targeted bombings ( suicide bombings in cafes and the like are from sunni groups such as hamas ) . 
  shias also take scripture and doctrine much less fanatically which is partly the reason hardcore sunnis think they are heretics . 
  as bad as iran may be portrayed , even iran has much greater freedom than saudi arabia . 
  honestly i ca n't even recall the last terror attack perpetrated on the west in the name of shia extremism . 
  lots of racist iranians can claim to be part of the `` white race '' as true aryans or what not , though . 
  a definition which turks or arabs would not fit . 
  weirdly enough , iranians obsessed with purity could in theory fit white supremacist ideology . 
  come on man , it 's not the us and uk 's fault for starting it , it 's 100 % the eu 's for not `` dealing '' with it . 
  jeez . 
  you realize `` bombing the fuck out of the middle east '' is the reason shit is as bad as it is now , right ? 
  so was invading . 
  so what bright idea do you think this fuckstick has for `` going in and dealing with this '' ? 
  for real though buddhists can be violent too , just check out burma these days , pick another religion next time for that hawt karma . 
  amish are a safe bet, 
  there are lots of afghans in pakistan . 
  look at a map , they 're right next to each other . 
  they are one of the biggest ethnic groups .
