[ shout out to manchester ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/theguardian/from-the-archive-blog/2013/feb/04/lincoln-oscars-manchester-cotton-abraham ), 
  they think they 're cheering * for * you , they 're just too stupid to realize what they 're really saying . 
  do it !, 
  you wo n't , no balls !, 
   think it was bill burr or someone i think you 're thinking of doug stanhope in [ this bit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqqgb5hxqgu ), 
  see how that works out for us , genius, 
  we do n't do that by ourselves, 
  join , or die !, 
  whatever it is i did in my past life to deserve donald trump , i 'm so , so sorry . 
  this whole post kinda underscores your ignorance of american politics , tbh, 
  `` goddamn liberal homophobes , why ca n't two men sleep together ?!?!?! '', 
  - trump supporters , probably, 
  hillary was better by far, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  but we have 16 times as many idiots as croatia does total citizens . 
  it 's a massive problem . 
  none of them were good tho , lol . 
   just needed a different candidate , or message . 
  there are a thousand different reasons why people voted for trump , attributing it to one single thing is a bit shortsighted . 
  you take him then , we do n't want him, 
  sorry about the mess, 
   russian reset why would we ? 
   approval of sale of uranium one ore , i presume you meant ? 
  we did n't give a shit because there is no reason to . 
  russia bought a majority stake in a canadian company . 
   the huggggeeee expansion of nsa and cia powers actually , the left hated that . 
  i know this because i was one of the few who actually did n't give a shit . 
   ran deal which literally sponsors terrorism it literally does n't do that . 
   so many drone strikes that killed innocent . 
  bombing of 6 different muslim countries ... 
  the left hates the drones , but i do n't . 
  that said , i do n't like expanding conflicts or collateral damage . 
   and now the right ignores selling saudi weapons as they should  but they recognize people like john mccain as being 2 face lieing and special interests serving . 
  but not donald trump , who is too close to russia , expanded the cia 's power , is drone striking people , killing innocents and attacking muslim countries . 
  nobody is more aware of american malfeasance than the american left . 
  it did n't hurt my feelings or anything , it hurt the world order that we have enjoyed since the end of the war . 
  the point is n't that he told the truth , the point is that he did so to deflect from his cozy relationship with an authoritarian pseudo dictator . 
  it was n't an appeal to morality , or a change in policy , or anything beneficial to the us or the rest of the world , it was naked whataboutism . 
   yes , that 's what i said . 
  a broken clock being right twice a day . 
  his facts were right , but he was wrong to share them . 
   yeah , well , ai n't that a shame ? 
  those skeletons are there for a reason , excusing their further coverup just because russia is worse is not an excuse . 
  he did n't expose anything . 
  he revealed nothing , and instead made vague illusions to past misdeeds . 
  he undermined the country he is * supposed * to be leading , and played into the hands of our primary antagonist , for no reason other than his infatuation with vladimir putin . 
  the only way it could have been any more foolish is if he had literally said `` well here in the us , we 're lynching negroes ! '', 
  i disagree , he was just being broken as usual . 
  what trump said was correct , the us has an incredible amount of skeletons in the closet , but when donald `` you have to take out their families '' trump said what he did , he in no way was advocating for a more morally sound administrative policy , he was deflecting criticism of putin . 
  in one sentence , he undermined the us and validated half a century of russian propaganda . 
  that is by no means a good move . 
  he was quite right to be upset about that though, 
  for the next 4 years i 'm canadian if anyone asks, 
  in my house , we call him simply `` dickhead '', 
  then become an american citizen , join our ic , and move up the ranks enough to gain access to shit like this , what can i tell you ? 
  you can believe whatever it is you 'd like to believe , just keep in mind that your delusions are not at all representative of the reality we live in . 
  again , the only people doubting that this happened are plebs on the internet , who i trust * much * less than world governments . 
  everybody else in the `` know '' agrees that the russians hacked the dnc . 
  [ ask your government . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/election-hacking-europe-234710 ), 
  [ was it , though ? 
  ] ( https://www.democrats.org/party-platform ), 
  yeah yeah , i 'm familiar with the argument . 
  turd sandwich , giant douche , one big ass blast , etc. 
  it 's lazy and intellectually dishonest . 
  i 'm sure even my enemies across the aisle could agree with me when i say that we 're not the same at all . 
  you must be doing something right if it makes russia outraged . 
  by all means , compare the two platforms and then look me in the eye and tell me they 're the same , lol . 
  you 're just repeating one of the most dangerous and lazy myths in our politics . 
  literally everybody involved agrees that the russians hacked the dnc . 
  if reince priebus is to be believed , [ even trump accepts it . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-russia-cyber-iduskbn14s0o6 ) the only one here being a conspiratard here is you . 
  they had a choice , they just made the worst one . 
  do you really think donald trump would do that ? 
  just go out there and tell lies ? 
  obviously . 
  i 'm just saying you 're wrong when you say you give us more ammunition . 
  do you mean to tell me that when the right wing said europe was an islamic caliphate , they were * lying ?!? 
  you ca n't hurt trump by hurting his opponents , you can only hurt him by hurting his supporters , who are not exactly the worldly type . 
  in fact , since they 're currently stroking themselves raw over `` muh sovereignty , muh borders '' they 're only going to support this move . 
  it 's a small world , after all . 
  lol , if i were trolling , you 'd know it . 
  it is what it is , they are looking for a trade deal , with no leverage , with a man who espouses views such as `` you hear lots of people say that a great deal is when both sides win . 
  that is a bunch of crap . 
  in a great deal you win -- not the other side . 
  you crush the opponent and come away with something better for yourself . '', 
  not exactly a great position , is it ? 
  i have , but 64 % of us never will . 
  the man 's been in office for less than 100 days , he 's accomplished basically nothing, 
  stop what ? 
  loooooooooooooooooooooooooool, 
  america , obviously . 
  doubt it , most of us will never leave the us in the first place . 
  well , we do have the brits over the barrel at the moment . 
  trumps word means fuck all , it 's worthless, 
  sort by controversial, 
  optimism is a hell of a drug . 
  now you 're getting it !, 
  it 's really not , i posted there in earnest until election day,
