you are now banned from r/the _ donald and r/pyongyang . 
   you are now moderator of r/politics and r/shitredditsays . 
  seems like you actually never went to germany . 
  holy shit dude wtf . 
  just admit that you 're an apologist for the far-right , instead of this insane mental gymnastics . 
  if you have shitty views ( in my personal opinion ) , atleast stand up for them . 
  i am sure you met a lot of muslim people with an unbiased approach `` whitey_supreme '', 
   there is nothing hip in kreuzberg yeah , you 're not from berlin . 
  it 's basically start-up and hipster haven now . 
  because following right-wing politicians in europe never let to any problems . 
  you do know that 60 million people were killed during 2nd world war alone ? 
  if you really think germans are this way , you should leave 4chan and reddit for a while . 
  the normal german is neither racist , stupid or prone to populistic propaganda . 
  they 're smart and tolerant . 
  and your point being ? 
  does being xenophobic instead of being racist make it any better ? 
  ok , i change nationality to race . 
   prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race - oxford dictionaries, 
  yep , you 're right . 
  by definition , most turks are not even turks . 
  they are kurds , georgians , etc. 
  it 's not stupid , that 's what human evolution teaches us . 
  so , it 's not a stupid argument , i 'd say and i am not trying to speak you out of your opinion . 
  i am just stating mine . 
  but i guess , downvote means disagreeing . 
  so assimilation ? 
  it 's a silly argument ? 
  it 's a historical fact , how 's that silly ? 
  and you 're more related to an african , than you are to a cat or a dog . 
  i am not talking about integration . 
   considers himself to be german first and foremost . 
  altough , this sounds more like assimilation than integration to me . 
  for me integration is , when you accept and respect the law , culture , traditions and people of your host country and pay your taxes , while preserving your own values ( as long it does n't contradict and conflict with the host countries law ) and own religion . 
  muslims should be welcomed in christian countries and christians should be welcomed in muslim countries ( altough unfortunately this is n't always the case ) . 
  the modern human , who 's spread across the whole globe , still has african heritage . 
  in that sense , everyone is somewhat related to each other . 
  yep , this is the logical approach on this topic . 
  i understand why it exists , but i think they are not up-to-date . 
  humanity is more advanced than it ever was . 
  it is more peaceful than ever . 
  now is the right time , to approach a more broader solution to global problems , rather than isolate yourself and deal with everything by yourself . 
   i would argue that jihad is not at the very core of belgian society . 
  it should n't be the core of any society , but unfortunately it is . 
  but over all , i understand your point . 
  i never understood the concept of nationalities . 
  when is an arab a german for example ? 
  after 1000 years ? 
  or are 3 generations enough ? 
  or will he never be german ? 
  because modern humans originated from africa . 
  soooo is every `` pure '' german , an african in reality ? 
  see how stupid the concept of nationality is ? 
  ( not in terms of administration tho , that 's logical and necessary for migration politics ) edit : i am not talking about integration into your host country , because that 's obviously the duty of every immigrant ( or atleast it should be ) . 
  i am talking about nationalism and patriotism . 
  this may be off-topic . 
  but i thought all muslims are terrorists and/or support terroristic ideology ?!, 
  people forget how racism works . 
  you can search for justifications and reasons , but at the end of the day , racists just hate people of other ~ ~ nationalities ~ ~ races . 
  it 's that simple . 
  and it is still very common . 
  even here on reddit . 
  edit : changed nationalities to races , because xenophobia was introduced by jesus himself and people got triggered . 
  because being naked is not being dressed how you want . 
  it 's being fucking naked and not wearing any clothes . 
  how are people so stupid to compare the ban of burkini with the ban of being naked ? 
  i see this everywhere . 
  this is probably the single most stupid comparison i 've ever heard . 
  because nobody tells fascists to change their ideology , certain aspects of it or to leave the country . 
  but many people do that to muslims . 
  so i am sorry , but your analogy is n't working . 
  is that to difficult to understand ? 
  man i wish turkey were a lot more like germany . 
  dude , why do you agree with me ? 
  this is reddit . 
  you have to downvote me . 
  i love it . 
  reddit has become so extremly apologetic with the far-right and fascism . 
  the far-right is not compatible with democracy . 
  and yet the people here are always eager to defend it . 
  weird , religion is absolutely bashed into the ground , but fascism ? 
  an ideology that literally killed 6 million people ? 
  that 's a legitimate concern , but at the same time , the law forbidding this , exists for 40 years ( atleast in germany ) . 
  and is germany the bastion of censorship ? 
  in what context is it any gain in a political discussion , to deny the holocaust or its numbers ? 
  other than defending it ? 
  fucking thank you . 
  finally someone who is n't a insensitive pleb . 
  i do n't understand what you could possibly gain by denying the holocaust or its numbers ? 
  yes and while we 're at it lets make prosecution of jews legal again . 
  this is the problem with our youngsters ( including me ) today , they are severly disconnected from the whole holocaust thing . 
  saying `` hitler was good '' and denying the holocaust is not an opinion . 
  can people on reddit please stop defending nazi-ideology ? 
  your downvotes show how hypocritical reddit is . 
  `` how dare you elaborating your opinion on a neutral basis . 
  everyone knows we are here to hate and circlejerk ! '', 
  it would be a valid opinion , if it would n't contradict it at the same time . 
  you are against erdogan and his rule ( his dictatorship-like rule i 'd guess you 're trying to emphasize on ? 
  ) , but at the same time you 'd go to egypt , which is currently under a totalitarian leadership . 
  no offense tho . 
  you 're forgetting how proud turkish people can be and how much they hate it , being commanded and/or being instilled by people from other countries .
