  it 's also a bit rich of you as american to tell us that we 're within a range you deem european . 
  because while our nations do differ from one another , and americans like to put a lot of significance of those differences , we 're also objectively very similar too , to the point where we use the same words for a whole lot of stuff and your entire legal system is built on what you inherited from us . 
  there are laws that american lawyers cite that built from cases that happened in the britain prior to the war of independence . 
  the same can not be said of french lawyers or german lawyers . 
  you tell us that we 're european is a bit like me telling you that your culture falls with a range of similar that we deem to be british , given you speak english , have common law , and your whole society is premised on what was mostly british enlightenment thought , unlike say , france . 
  mate , ultimately european is just an idea based on relatively arbitrary lines . 
  nobody is claiming britain is n't in europe geographically , but the choice of whether you identify with a certain identity is a very personal thing . 
  look at russia , it 's very close to scandinavia , but it in no sense feels scandinavian . 
  look at turkey , historically it as closer ties with ancient european culture than somewhere like scotland , but they do n't necessarily feel european . 
  the idea that you can objectively prove to people that they belong with a certain identity is absurd . 
  the reality is that many in the uk feel that being british is a mutually exclusive definition with that of being european . 
  and it must be said that a greater kinship is felt amongst the mainland nations that share borders with one another than is felt on the island . 
  nobody is denying the historical or culture links between the two places , they merely feel , rightly or wrongly , that what it is to be british is not something that can be subsumed under the meaning of what it is to be european , and when they look across the channel , as narrow as the stretch of water is , they see people who have a different way of being from themselves , which they may well admire , but no not believe themselves to be a part of . 
  the idea of a pan-european identity quite a new one anyway . 
  historically , europe or european has been little more than a general geographic term in the same way you might talk about people being african or asian , but i can assure you that morocco probably feels more kinship with spain than it does with namibia , and that people in indonesia do n't feel like they have anything more in common with people from kazakhstan than they do with people in australia . 
  many britons feel they have more in common with the rest of the anglosphere than they do with mainland europe , and can you tell them they 're wrong ? 
  a briton can get on a flight to the us tomorrow and immediately speak the native language , figure out all the analogous institutions within society , quickly adapt to the minor differences in law and government , whereas if he moved to italy he 'd have to learn everything new again from the ground up , from how to behave in a restaurant to an entirely new language . 
  i 'm very pro eu and think my country is bonkers for trying to leave , yet i can understand why many britons do n't feel included in the european identity . 
  alternative history anime in which the royal family moved their seat of power to canada and conquered most of the world . 
  the british isles are somewhat humorously part of the eu in the series though . 
  so the real danger here is , although i find it laughable that thinks should get worse given the state we 're in , is that ukip vote returning to the major parties disproportionally benefits the conservatives . 
  i think may is betting on this frankly , why else would she call the election now . 
  fair enough , my tone was off , i 'm sorry . 
  it really does n't warrant so much discussion . 
   like the famine ? 
  like 150 + year old events were relevant to modern politics . 
  how are you any better than the brexiters with their ww2 rhetoric ? 
   fyi , yes , it is compulsory to learn a foreign language to leaving certificate in ireland . 
  americans , it is not . 
  the irish system of education is very different to that of the uk . 
  that was n't the question , the question was , how many irish people can speak a language to any level of proficiency that is n't irish or english ? 
  just because your school system takes the modern european model of taking 6 subjects to 18 including a language does n't mean you 're a nation of linguists . 
   your ramblings are off the charts . 
  whatever mate , your own nationalistic prejudices are patently clear with your great arguments like `` the english did n't care about starving irish people in the 19th century therefore fuck them now in 2017 '' . 
  you go mate , keep adding to the ideological clash that is emerging between britain and europe right now , i 'm sure you 'll get that conflict you 're clearly begging for and wo n't that be great for everyone . 
  you 're really helping to salvage the principles of european cooperation that have presided over one of the most peaceful periods in history . 
   because i do n't believe the majority of english speak a foreign language ? 
  or that i believe there are large populations that do speak other languages ? 
  any more significant than the number of irish or americans who speak a foreign language that they have no culture connection with ? 
  there are foreign language speakers in the uk just as there are in the rest of the anglosphere . 
  how is their comparative % compared to non-anglophonic nations all that is relevant ? 
  how is this something to single the uk out for ? 
   whatever , none of my concern . 
  i do n't live in the uk anymore . 
  ah yes , wash your hands of your european neighbours and their problems , it 's worked so well in history before . 
  as for being easily led , do you think that other countries do n't have large segments of easily led populations . 
  i can assure you that they do , the only real difference in the uk is that the political narrative is different and thus opinions on matters that have n't be legitimised in much of the eu have been there . 
  ah yes , the inhabitants modern britain = `` the empire '' . 
  i guess the modern germans are `` the reich '' too . 
  i 'm not being offensive mate . 
  i 'm just sick of this creeping mindless anti-british rhetoric that seeped in / r/europe since brexit , when we should be trying to heal the schism if we want to actually work towards a better european future . 
  you have to ask yourself why you 're so eagerly lending your voice to that . 
  probably the ideal way to validate the little englanders in their belief that europe is our natural adversary do n't you think ? 
  great , why do you , someone who is n't from the uk , feel the need to propagate it ? 
  are you or anyone else in the anglosphere much better ? 
  how many irish can hold a decent conversation in irish ? 
  well they were compulsory when i went to school , at every school i mean . 
  that said , if you want to look at the real cause of low language skills look at the not entirely unjustified widely held opinion of the british public that languages wo n't help you get on in life and that really it 's too much work for not enough gain . 
  it 's still wrong to characterise britain as having `` no foreign language speakers '' , most of the anglosphere is pretty poor in that regard . 
  time to play the privilege card ? 
  all my schooling was free on hardship grounds mate . 
  anyway , what does this have to do with the fact that some english people do actually learn foreign languages . 
  some of them at school even . 
  actually , i find simply telling people they 're wrong without an explanation of why i.e telling them how they 'd be interpreted by a native having said what they said , is a pretty useless way of correcting someone . 
  nope , i could 've but did french and latin instead . 
  i doubt there 's any way i could 've corrected him that would n't have got me downvoted by those who see it as some kind of offence . 
  `` make business '' in english would be suggestive of `` creating business '' , that 's why it 's important to use do . 
  i just wanted to make that clear . 
  well there was n't just one influence on it obviously . 
  tolkien was incredibly knowledgeable about classical european history , in many ways his influences include the whole of the european history . 
  also there 's clear influence from wagner 's ring cycle which tolkien watched many times as a youngster . 
  certainly , industrialisation in warwickshire , where he lived , was a major influence though . 
  as far as i 'm concerned you 're a foreigner on a platform mostly used by european trying to further the stereotype that britons are all ignorant of other culture and linguistically challenged . 
  just what we need during this trying l period of political division . 
  if you must know i speak german to a pretty decent level ( b2 is the highest qualification i have ) and i learnt it from books and from talking to people . 
  so correct each other and help one another improve rather than patronisingly deciphering their imperfect speech/writing as if there were no chance of that person ever ceasing to make mistakes ? 
  all irish eat potatoes . 
  sorry that comment was meant to be tongue in cheek . 
  is n't perpetuating stereotypes and making generalisations fun . 
  actually did n't say that at all . 
  what i was saying was that in their early modern capitalist minds god would provide for ireland or god did n't want ireland to survive , and that such thoughts on the issue were n't even rare at the time ( we have the newspapers ffs ) . 
  i 'm actually surprising informed on the matter , and agree with many irish historians , but if you want to act like the coogan et al revisionism , suggestive that it was all mostly just a conspiracy to depopulate ireland , is such a well received line of thought on matter ( it 's not ) that it 's wrong to even question it , then i ca n't help you have an agenda . 
  especially on sub with a lot of nationalities who probably do n't know that much about the history . 
  as for the whole brits speaking foreign languages , there definitely are a few of us , myself included . 
  we 're not all `` liars '' as you suggested . 
  in what sense . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are brits who can speak other languages to a reasonable level . 
  unless you 're sure that all brits are lying and that none of us can speak other languages . 
  which would be shocking to me . 
  nobody is forcing them to start businesses with them ? 
  ( you mean `` do business '' ) . 
  is this surprising . 
  i do have to ask , what exactly have the eu done to make people `` feel '' european in the uk ? 
  i 'm pro eu , but i ca n't help but feel if the eu has managed its pr more effectively , instead of taking the moral highroad in assuming that if they do good things people will acknowledge that , then brexit would 've never happened . 
  the murdoch owned press has denigrated the eu for decades and the eu has just been like `` rise above it '' . 
  yeah , might work with intelligent , critically minded people , but most of the world is not made up of intelligent , critically minded people . 
  i know a guy who learned five languages that way . 
  and really learned them too , the point of being able to read novels in them , his spoken language was n't that fluent because obviously if you learn outside the country you understand the language better than you produce it , but it was still impressive . 
  oh yes , all the brits are lying , that 's realistic . 
  i know a fair few .
