  germany seems to have a massive abundance of bakeries and patisseries ( with ice cream typically ) though , which is great , but they all sell the same shit and manage to survive within 100 metres of one another . 
  the other thing you get a lot of are pizzerias and kebab houses . 
  by comparison germany has many more restaurants per neighbourhood though , but that 's not fast food . 
  it 's probably got something to do with how little tax there is on food here . 
  but people do n't want to spend enough on fast food when they could get a halfway decent sitdown meal for the same price . 
  the genitive would be `` meines '', 
  i know how it works . 
  difference is that in germany the seem to make them in big batches and then just wait until they chuck them out , all the while the heater dries the cheeseburgers and other popular things out . 
  the cheeseburgers and hamburgers are v popular here but they taste straight awful . 
  there is no conversion for law in germany i 'm pretty sure . 
  you 'd have to start from scratch , 5 years i think . 
  it 's rude to label our nordic brothers a head garment !, 
  i think that 's a naive view . 
  the tories did well in leave constituencies for the most part , labour did well in remain constituencies . 
  people were voting very tactically this election because the outcome is more serious . 
  there was a big push to displace the tories from power , and a lot of that is to do with people wanting to sabotage may 's terrifying hard brexit plans . 
  everyone knows that corbyn has promised an end to freedom of movement , but people are still of the opinion that labour will deliver a less drastic outcome as the politics are different . 
  anything to keep bluekip away from the negotiations . 
  i 've seen plenty of lib dems urging voters to vote strategically to undermine the tories , and everyone knows that no other party but labour are in with a shot at power . 
  that 's what half of britain wants to be honest . 
  buckheadism is looking more and more appealing every day . 
  it 's about time britain got back to the essential principles of its society , space colonisation and the production of laser weaponry . 
  worse in germany imo . 
  yes , you can get heated rotisserie chicken that 's been warm all day , but people do n't buy cooked lunch at the supermarket , and canteen style service is generally looked upon unfavourably , especially when it 's an all day service . 
  i think the fact that nordsee exists shows that germans are surprisingly ok with hot plated and warmed food . 
  densely populated ? 
  the netherlands has unlimited . 
  do you mean sparsely populated ? 
  the d\u00f6ner must flow . 
  serious question . 
  why do so many places in germany think it 's fine to just keep things warm all day ? 
  mcdonalds burgers get toasted to fuck because they sit so long on the warmers , the supermarkets do it if they sell hot food , nordsee does it . 
  this is the country that keeps bread rolls in plastic boxes to stop people touching them but does n't mind a piece of fish that 's been sitting at sub cooking temperatures for hours . 
  i do n't think it 's as extreme as you 're making out but yeah , some people probably did upvote for the reason you 've given , it 's a public website what can you do ? 
  the austrian philosopher wittgenstein was out for a walk in cambridge , cyclist gives him the 2 finger salute , he ca n't analyse the meaning of the gesture as picture of facts , causing him to give up on the picture theory meaning and completely give up on his philosophy . 
  true story ? 
  probably not . 
  kinda funny old university urban legend though . 
  it 's so easy to get that one right ( other stuff is way harder , like remembering what the fuck you said at the start of a clause so that you can conjugate it at the end ) . 
  now i see why 2nd language speakers are always giving us shit for mixing up our their , there , and they 're 's , and all the other stupid homophones in the english language . 
  not if the tories fall apart at the seams . 
  i 'm hoping on a tory u-turn with a new pm , or a labour minority government . 
  b1 is real tough lol, 
  it 's still news though . 
  not everyday a policewoman gets shot in the head in munich , it 's hardly detroit . 
  ok , guess he decided to combine it with some british accent shit for a laugh . 
  still , this is the problem i have with it , jokes like that `` hurr durr beyonce reference '' , are just kinda too stupid . 
  he seems like 50 % funny , 50 % plain dumb . 
  no offence , but i can see why he 's successful in the us but never quite made it in the uk . 
  to be fair i am quite critical of the system as it is now . 
  i fear many german people ca n't see how the wool is being pulled over their eyes about how cheap labour is being used to boost the economy and prevent much of the population taking a more critical opinion toward eu migration . 
  i do agree that the apprenticeship system has some benefits when it comes to skilled labour , i can totally understand how a strong apprenticeship system benefits massively there and its usefulness is beyond question . 
  however , the apprenticeship model is applied incredibly liberally . 
  from working as a receptionist , to getting a living wage in a supermarket , to driving around delivering shit in a van . 
  germany 's hard earned labour laws are being skirted by big business . 
  it basically comes down to : 1 . 
  over saturation of mini-jobs 2 . 
  laws requiring eu migrants to take mini-jobs and essentially `` work for their benefits '' after a certain period of state assistance . 
  too many lines of work being pushed into freelancing / self employment despite meagre incomes 4 . 
  too many 18 month contracts ( might not be 18 , ca n't remember ) that are cancelled and then renewed a month later to avoid labour laws . 
  use of the apprenticeship system to provide cheap labour even when it offers dubious educational benefit what so many people here fail to realise is that all these strategies , while benefiting the economy , are at the exclusion of real jobs that could provide people stability away from state dependence . 
  it 's essentially `` cutting corners '' as far as i 'm concerned . 
  what annoys me is that if you suggested to german people a totally universal deregulation of labour laws they 'd be appalled , you are , on the whole , very proud of your labour laws and the balance between worker and employer that exists in germany , however the government gets around this by keeping away from the sacred cows of german politics and cutting corners that do n't affect the primary voter base , namely foreigners , the young , and the poor . 
  mini-jobs seem like a great idea at first . 
  great way for students to get more cash . 
  great way for stay at home mothers to contribute to the household budget without losing their tax or hi status . 
  problem is that most of these jobs are now being taken by unemployed greek , croatian , portuguese immigrants etc. 
  essentially doing a deal with the devil to save on benefit payments . 
  lots of jobs have gone freelance only . 
  for example , education . 
  you have whole educational institutions filled with freelancers these days , it used just to be language schools but now its most applied science universities too , and while people can be tempted into these jobs by high $ / h contracts , the reality is that it sacrifices all job security , most eligibility to benefits , most recourse in the case of poor treatment , and palms off hi costs and pension contributions to workers . 
  let 's face it , they would n't be doing it if it did n't save them money . 
  worst of all , the work suffers , as freelancers simply are n't paid to coordinate or master their work in the same way as full time employs , they turn up , do the work , and go home . 
  especially working when you think about the education sector . 
  what 's more worrying , if you suggested to germans an across the board cut to employee contributions ( even of a few % ) to compensate for that there would be outrage . 
  the fact that employers can simply terminate a contract , wait a bit , and then hire that person back at the same rate to skirt around mandatory increases in pay and benefits is just a frivolous exploitation of the system and i do n't know why more people are n't ok with it . 
  it flies in the face of the spirit with which those laws were implemented . 
  finally , apprenticeships have become a sacred cow in germany , but nobody wants to talk about the degree to which it prevents eu citizens from somewhere like spain or hungary from simply moving to germany and taking a job in whatever line of work they were doing in their home country by giving employers a reason to hire german born residents who have been through the german education system , thus ensuring that the german public are not too concerned about foreign migrants taking their jobs or devaluing their line of work . 
  for the ones that do come it gives employers a way to extract 2 years cheap labour from someone while only paying lip service to the educational component of the apprenticeship . 
  definitely a way the government keeps populism at bay within the eu system . 
  one thing you can say about the uk with its deregulated labour market that it really did open its doors to europe insofar as anyone could move here and immediately find a job on an equal standing with the native born and educated portion of the population . 
  overseas experience was treated as equivalent to british , and qualifications are n't seen as necessary for unskilled or low skilled labour ( e.g manual labour , retail , hospitality etc. ) . 
  which in many ways embraces the spirit of globalism , the single market , and freedom of movement . 
  that said , brexit is the backlash against that . 
  you can not underestimate the importance of psychology in society and in a democracy , it really does n't matter what is true , but really only what people feel and believe , and british did n't feel like their welfare was being looked out for when they were asked to compete directly with eu migrants in a deregulated employment market . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying all these things are bad . 
  i 'm just saying it 's well worth taking a critical eye to stuff like mini-jobs and apprenticeships . 
  their worth should be an empirical question and not one based in principle or ideology . 
  too often i hear stuff from germans saying things like `` nonsense , mini-jobs are great '' or `` our education system is one of the best in the world '' , wish i 'd hear more well reasoned critical or cynical voices . 
  politicians are bastards no matter where you go , and they 're definitely guilty of manipulating the system to maximise their popularity and consolidate their power . 
  it concerns me that germany is just on the same path the uk is on but simply going there more slowly . 
  yup, 
  you need an apprenticeship just to sit behind a hotel reception or work in department store though . 
  definitely a big reason why germany is n't have as much trouble with eu migration as it could be . 
  compared to the uk it does n't even seem that flexible to be fair . 
  i do n't mind the stereotypes . 
  it 's just that sometimes they 're not even very good or clever ones . 
  i mean seriously `` yaaas queen ? '', 
  that does n't even sound like a british accent . 
  i mean , go ahead and mock our way of speaking but at least do it a bit wittier !,
