  no i said i was confused . 
  i did n't say i was confused by that particular comment . 
  i am confused because / u/thinsteel 's point made sense and now i do n't know which meaning the original op meant : / u/thinsteel 's interpretation , or my own . 
  that 's why i said now i 'm confused . 
  but thanks for reading into it so much and so wildly misinterpreting what i 've written . 
  no mate . 
  it 's you who does n't understand what i 'm saying . 
  if you use the word `` if '' in the english language it creates a conditionality . 
  given does not . 
   op used the `` given '' form so even going by the examples you provided , it 's clear he 's making a statement not a question . 
  no op did n't use `` given '' he used `` if '' thus the confusion . 
  it was the guy responding to my initial question who suggested op meant to use `` given '' . 
  not that he used `` given '' . 
  i did n't say it was `` a question '' i said it was `` at question '' . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  a consequent that depends on an antecedent is `` at question '' , it is not `` a question '' . 
  it is `` at question '' because the truth of the consequent depends on the antecedent . 
   you 're either being contentious for the sake of contentiousness or you do n't have a very solid grasp of your own language . 
  no , it 's you who does n't have a very good grasp of my language , evidently as you ca n't seem see what i 'm saying . 
  `` if croatia had ... '' is a the 2nd conditional in english , suggesting a hypothetical in the future or present . 
  there are two possible things op meant to say . 
  either `` if croatia has had trouble with x then ... '' or `` given croatia had trouble ... this follows '' . 
  either it 's a conditional or it 's not . 
  ffs . 
  why do i even bother ... 
  except it 's a common trend in military projects to use the technology you best understand at the start of the project and not the end . 
  it matters not a single bit that the os is not supported by microsoft anymore because this is a closed military system . 
  a physical attack is possible but that 's a matter for military security and not microsoft ffs . 
  this is n't like when a company is openly exposed to exploitation due to being out of date . 
  this is a closed military system being used to operate machinery . 
  all that matters is that it is reliable and there are no fuck ups leading to the ship fucking up . 
  what someone could theoretically do if they had access to it is irrelevant , as the whole system is premised on the idea that military security procedure will stop malicious software ever accessing the system . 
  the worst ones yeah . 
  nothing beats seeing a family of 8 hitting the cocktails in an airport weatherspoons at 9 am in the morning . 
  absolutely true . 
  i know people who specialise in maintaining old stuff because so many banks are running obsolete software and hardware . 
  or i just want to know what someone making an interesting point on reddit was actually saying ? 
  i 'm not being a grammar nazi you fucking idiot . 
  i literally could n't understand what he meant . 
  what 's written does n't make sense and there are least two possible meanings that could be inferred from what he 's written . 
  he could mean : if croatia has had notable trouble with so and so ... then we can expect this or given croatia has had notable trouble with so and so ... then we can expect one tells you that croatia had notable trouble , the other asks the question . 
  i was actually legit interested in which he was saying . 
  i 'm the confusedest !, 
  grammatically it 's weird . 
  `` if croatia had a notable quarrel '' is like saying `` if i had a banana ... '' , it suggests a hypothetical about the present or the future . 
  i think the other guy was right and he means something like `` given '' but for that meaning you should n't be using the word `` if '' at all . 
  now i 'm confused ... 
  yes , because these system will be connected to the internet ?? 
  your point is moot . 
  in systems like this stability  the latest version . 
  this system is n't relying on microsoft for its security anyway , it makes no difference if they use a supported os or not . 
  you whole argument is completely ignorant of how this shit actually works . 
  the whole stock exchange is running on ridiculously old operating systems , prehistoric stuff . 
  it 's common for very important closed systems to be massively outdated . 
  in fact there 's a niche market in the outdated expert knowledge needed to keep these critical systems running . 
  the reality is that it actually makes sense . 
  these are closed systems . 
  yes , they could be hacked internally , but that would be a security issue . 
  what 's more important is having a system that keep running , and if you update at every opportunity you 're massively increasing the chance of a fuck up at every turn . 
  some projects even take too long to the point that they could never be finished if they kept up with the latest software . 
  the fact that xp is no longer supported by microsoft is actually completely irrelevant . 
  this article is moronic . 
  i see what you mean . 
  you want `` has had '' , as in it 's already happened , but we do n't know for certain if it constitutes a notable quarrel . 
  saying `` if croatia had '' is like saying `` wenn kroatien h\u00e4tte ... '' . 
   if croatia had a notable quarrel with slovenia over something much less significant during their eu campaign , then we can expect this fight to be much more complicated . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  did croatia have a quarrel with quarrel ? 
  or do you mean `` if they had had a quarrel '' . 
  ca n't tell if you 're talking about the past or the present . 
  why would a potential quarrel between slovenia and croatia affect this fight ? 
  peinlich is the correct word i believe . 
  sounds like a dodgy business all round . 
  who the fuck runs an operation like that without clear instructions and preparation beforehand to avoid ambiguity . 
  who the fuck puts someone near a cliff edge with a bungee on them without the bungee being attached to anything ? 
  this is nothing to do with english or miscommunication and everything to do with a dodgy bungee outfit . 
  so tell me what the business is called so i can report you to the government under the allgemeines gleichbehandlungsgesetz . 
   uk kept its society divided by classes , so the poorer had no access to quality products until quite recently . 
  `` kept it '' , not sure you quite understand the class division in the uk . 
  one does not simply get rid of class division . 
  uk - 177cm de - 179cm calm down there big boy . 
  probably more to do with the fact we 're more celtic than your lot . 
  i suppose all the germans are genociding trash all the poles are car stealing trash all the dutch are weed smoking trash after all ... if the shoe fits ... 
  perfiding since 1066 and still unbeaten !, 
  the british and chinese tourist markets are nothing like each other . 
  britons do n't travel in large travel-groups at all really . 
  asides from maybe the bus taking large package holidays from the airport to the hotel . 
  british people tend to go where other british people already are , chinese people go everywhere with huge groups of other chinese people , that 's a big difference . 
  chinese people get ferried around europe on `` all-inclusive '' trips where they get robbed by their countrymen to go to crappy hotels that would n't have any business otherwise and taken to famous locations for the whole of one hour until they 're packed off to the next place so they can amass more photos for social media displaying their opulent western lifestyle to their friends back home . 
  chinese people are terrible tourists because they do n't conduct themselves by western standards , pick up everything that is n't tied down as a `` souvenir '' , piss and shit all over toilets because they 're germphobic about toilet seats and flushing , and have a habit of trying to over order food to appear wealthy , which includes destroying free buffets and wasting it . 
  british people go to places where they 'll find british and irish themed pubs , restaurants selling british food , and the beaches will be filled primarily by other british people . 
  british people are terrible tourists because they get drunk as fuck as soon as they 're off british soil and start misbehaving , often aggravating the locals and causing conflict . 
  edit : i 'll also add that the only people who still use travel agents regularly in the uk are mostly old people and the kinds of people that would find it hard to book online , so you can imagine that package holidays tend to be a little be low brow . 
   british people are sneaky trash nice generalisation you fucknut . 
   you are free to chose with whom you wish to make business . 
  no you 're not . 
  if you open a shop in germany and systematically ban a nationality or race you 'll be in the shit big time . 
  similar laws apply . 
  if these hotels really want to make a point they should just stop doing business with the british travel agents . 
  that does n't give them the right to ban a random person making a private booking simply because they 're british .
