  whether you see high rent as a problem depends on your politics . 
   that 's why they need special law to lower the rent ? 
  the rent is low because of the law . 
  that 's the point i made . 
   prices went through the roof and most are not priced out of the market in any german big city . 
  relatively speaking . 
  the price in berlin are nowhere near somewhere like london . 
  rental controls stop housing being a high yield return investment to the same degree , which reduces speculation . 
   but if you count property then americans are 4x as rich as germans and swiss 5 times . 
  germans are really getting fucked over by the property owners and that will get apparent in the near future because rent everywhere is only increasing . 
  this is not really true because of the rent control system in germany . 
  the rent is actually very low . 
  the housing is not as valuable too . 
  the important factor is that rent in germany is low relative to salaries ( whereas in poor countries rent is low but income is also low ) . 
  in this ratio germany is one of the best in the world . 
  this gives germans a higher disposable income . 
   basically germans have almost no property and spend 30-50 % of their salery on rent . 
  most germans spend less than a 1/3 . 
  also gdp/ppp is very good ( not as good as america , but when you do analysis based on actual needs as % of income germany is better . 
  this is to say that while 1000 usd goes further in the us than in germany when it comes to material goods , but if you factor for things like health insurance , access to services , access to education , germany is better . 
  access to necessary services should be prized higher than how many hot dogs or bricks you can buy for 10 dollars if you 're looking at what benefits the individual rather than benefits a business . 
  german wealth is tied up in infrastructure and business . 
  the german system to some degree trades individual financial stability ( e.g high saving in property ) for social security ( strong labour security , high investment in pensions and insurance ) . 
  i do n't mean they have invested in building houses . 
  i mean they have invested in their houses by having high rates of home ownership . 
  the more people trying to buy houses , the more they are worth , the more the value goes up , and housing because an effective savings market . 
  when you regulate the housing market like germany prices are kept artificially low and said houses do n't offer the same investment opportunity . 
  in an economy like this that means no saving opportunities at all , thus high levels of consumer spending . 
   one of the main reasons the german economy has a high productivity ( gdp per hour worked ) is the high amount of work specialization . 
  if you look at the statistics , basically a countries productivity increases with the specialization of its workers . 
  which makes sense , if someone does the same thing for many years he is better at it as someone that changes jobs every few months . 
  lol , i did n't say apprenticeships are bad . 
  i think they 're very good , for skilled labour . 
  however for unskilled or low skilled labour they make jackshit difference . 
  they do effective safeguard the jobs of uneducated german born natives from open competition with unskilled or low skilled eu migrants though , which is a convenient way to prevent such people turning to populism in the belief that their economic opportunities are being taken by non-nationals . 
  in one sense i respect this as being a smart move . 
  it has effectively reduced the german people 's fear of immigration . 
  however , i also see it as somewhat running against the spirit of globalism and the free market which was to really open europe up economically and have everyone competing equally . 
  a question like `` are apprenticeships good or bad ? '', 
  is vastly oversimplified . 
  i think when it comes to technical work apprenticeships are fantastic , however , the idea that people need to work for peanuts for two years to work in retail is an absurd farce . 
   what labour laws are not applied with minijobs ? 
  it is just different laws that are applied because not every job has the same needs . 
  minijobs are also not designed to prey on unemployed , they are there because not every job needs a full job and not every person wants a full job . 
  mini jobs never were intended to be livable on alone though . 
   i disagree that nothing happens on accident , but that does n't really matter anyways . 
  i think you 're naive if you believe that . 
  people are n't always honest about their intentions . 
  politicians are scum . 
  does n't matter if it 's germany , the uk , or the us . 
  also the intention behind them is irrelevant , all that matters is the effect . 
  people can lie about their intentions but ca n't hide the consequences of their actions . 
   there are some spots we will have to compromise on , others will be extremely hard to take away and one of these things is the apprenticeship system . 
  that just works too well to get rid off . 
  this is also not about protectionism this is about keeping german education standards as high as they are . 
  so most the eu will have to change to suit germany then , or total integration wo n't be possible . 
  also hate to say it but in my experience the standards are n't higher , just the perception of them . 
   germans buy vegetables from wherever . 
  sure some people prefer buying locally grown but a huge part of society does not . 
  that there is more money flowing in than out also has in large parts to do with the monetary policy of the ecb artificially keeping the euro weak . 
  in real terms money is following in but capital is not . 
  it 's leveraging that money as capital that would allow for more growth in other parts of the eurozone , and this is what german vehemently opposes . 
  crunch time will be when germans are asked to treat institutions in eastern europe with utter equivalency as german ones . 
   right now people are also saving more because there is nothing good to invest on anyways and when yields are low you need to save more money to have the same sum in the end . 
  also looking more broadly the future does n't seem so bright . 
  the next crisis could be coming soon . 
  we are already seeingthe german housing market going up dangerously . 
  other countries have reinvested in their property markets and see returns from that across the whole . 
  germany wo n't do this so it obviously ca n't save except as a risk management strategy with low return but germany is definitely doing that , building up capital reserves in different institutions arguably at the expense of other eu nations . 
   in a real union you also just ca n't expect the other people in your union to pay up for your own mistakes . 
  a real union can not mean germany is just paying for everything which i feel a lot of people are saying oftentimes when they are talking about a `` real '' union . 
  not at what i meant . 
  a real union means completely free trade within the union and complete equivalence . 
  i do n't think the german people think they are equivalent to other nations in the eu , rather superior . 
   uhm that was not the measures i was referring to . 
  i was referring to the restrictions on freedom of movement on eastern europeans after they joined , which the uk did n't take advantage off . 
  also for most jobs you could also employ other people . 
  i also do n't see why you think apprenticeshipse mean that not everyone gets their chance to show their ability . 
  in doing so britain took the spirit of free trade ( rather than the rule as is the case in germany ) to its natural extremes with no qualms at gearing up to protect home industries . 
  it did quite well out of it , economically , but sadly did n't foresee the social consequences . 
   i do n't know if it was good or bad . 
  i think britain was too insistent on its many opt outs . 
  britain insisted on opt out because it has a different vision for itself than that which has emerged as a consensus on the continent . 
  ca n't do anything about that . 
   that said i do n't feel like the eu 's future is necessarily bright anymore . 
  too much conflict . 
  the eu also has lost a rather large part of good will with the german population in the last two or three years i feel like . 
  i , too , wonder what the future will hold . 
  i think germany is closing its eyes and hoping it will all work out but really when i talk to people here it feels like there might be problems on the horizon . 
  germany still considered its own byzantine system superior to the one used in most of the world despite all the other major economies just getting on with it . 
  germany is n't going to deregulate its labour market by changing its education system . 
  but the rest of europe is n't going to implement the german system either . 
  thus there will always be imbalance and proper unification wo n't be possible . 
  ah yes , because checkout workers always need accounting skills . 
  it 's either pointless ( they get skills unnecessarily , which is n't a bad in itself but could be seen as a waste of resources on companies that they could spend getting another person into employment ) , or bs ( they take a load of bs business classes and then go back to the actual work of shelf stacking etc without really having learnt anything ) . 
  also why should the government pass on the expense of educating people onto employers at the expense of jobs for people who need them ? 
  answer me that ? 
  it 's not hard to see that the german system is a compromised one . 
  places like denmark , sweden etc. 
  they do socialism for real .
