  germany is a nation with problems like any other . 
  it 's a country that only recently even implemented a minimum wage ffs . 
  in a democracy perception is everything . 
  i 've never personally felt like we desperately need to reduce the number of foreigners . 
  all i 've done is told you how people feel . 
  what i would tell europeans is that you should n't underestimate how the organisation of society affects how people feel and think . 
  whenever i mention the nhs to most europeans who operate under the bismarck system of public health insurance they complain saying it 's fundamentally the same . 
  except it absolutely is not . 
  in most countries you must contribute toward a public health insurance fund by law . 
  you only become exempt when you 're on benefits . 
  the rate is set mathematically on the basis of what it costs to treat the number of people getting sick every year . 
  even if you 're a low earner the figures still add up collectively . 
  the nhs is based on a faith based system that assumes people will produce enough income and pay enough tax in their lifetimes so that the national system will keep going . 
  however , when your country is flooded with foreign low earners , many of whom will return to their nations or never produce above the average tax yield and thus will be a burden on the nationalised system of healthcare . 
  in the uk basically anyone can just rock up at the hospital and get free coverage . 
  if they say they 're a british national nobody is going to check their document ( or at least they did n't used to ) . 
  people just get care without even filling in a form . 
  they just take your name and basic information and that 's it . 
  that 's something that british people want to protect . 
  they do n't want to change to a bean counting system where everyone 's contribution is calculated across society . 
  in such a system naturally people are more liable to perceive many low earning foreigners as non-contributory , even if they do pay tax . 
  who really cares about their health care ? 
  oh yeah old people , old british people , old british people who grew up during or in the intermediate aftermath of ww2 . 
  generation that was reminded everyday of mainland europe 's 1 ) moral failure to resist the temptations of totalitarianism 2 ) the rest of europe 's failure of character in its inability to defend itself from an oppressive expansive foe . 
  old people who are now being told that the uk must enter a political union with the very people whose lust for power / inability to resist the foe was responsible for them living under rationing until they were well into their teenage years . 
  old people who have to sit in overcrowded waiting rooms alongside freshly arrived eu migrants with 3 sick kids who get to see the doctor before them . 
  is resentment entirely irrational , or just entirely human ? 
  the uk does n't have a national database of inhabitants , because such things are by many people seen as oppressive there , the uk does n't have id cards or the necessity to carry and id , because such things are seen as oppressive there . 
  the uk does n't have a qualification system for unskilled or low skilled labour . 
  currently you could rock up there and immediately start competing with british workers for jobs . 
  in fact , a romanian supermarket worker could rock up tomorrow with 12 years experience and without a single qualification and immediately get a job at a supermarket because in the uk experience is valued over qualifications , and we do n't even have qualifications for labour that is perceived as needing only common sense e.g retail . 
  jobs that unsurprisingly poor british people tend to do , and feel growing resentment at the fact that an eu national can pick up a job ahead of them , especially when ethnic diversity is lauded in the workplace . 
  there has always been an attitude that talent and ability speak for themselves and that highly regulated labour markets impair the economy . 
  should the uk change that ? 
  and british people like this system , they do n't want to adapt their system because sets policy that is , in their minds , incompatible with it , and this system has historically been premised around the fact that the uk is an island nation and we have total control over who enters our borders . 
  the uk does n't fear a separated europe either , because the uk was n't destroyed in ww2 , nor it it trying to atone for any perceived wrong doing . 
  at least not within europe , and look who are having a hard time immigrating , oh yeah the pakistani and indian communities , communities that fought with the british in ww2 and were historically seen as our much maligned and oppressed colonies to whom we now owe a debt . 
  the uk is inherently pluralistic . 
  it has a legacy of pluralism , or ethic diversity amongst the nations it consists in . 
  it was one of the first european countries to really welcome immigrants after ww2 because of the legacy of colonialism . 
  therefore people there do n't assume that every attempt to control immigration is a step towards goose stepping ethnic nationalists in the street . 
  its pluralism does n't necessarily make it the best integrator either , because historically no one culture has dominated , its not like in bavaria where you have literally no choice but adapt to the bavarian culture because its so overwhelming present in every aspect of life . 
  i could go on but you 're probably getting bored . 
  tl ; dr brexit pisses me off too , but you have to acknowledge the complexity of the situation that people do n't feel the way they feel because they 're dumb or evil or selfish . 
  the idea that we need to `` fix our perception '' is fundamentally flawed . 
  humans are doing what humans naturally do for what are to them cogent reasons and many pro-eu europeans are just bashing them for it and calling them names . 
  it 's also somewhat unreasonably for the eu expect to become like them in terms of social organisation , when so much of the good and bad of our how history has been premised on our being our own people distinct from the mainland nations . 
  come to any city in germany and check out many foreigners live . 
  whole families in a single room . 
  i know an 10 year old girl who only just got her own bedroom . 
  self employed people scraping by on next to nothing . 
  people working as delivery guys on the side while claiming benefits . 
  people living off bottle deposits to supplement their income because they 're not allowed to work . 
  statistics do n't really tell a full picture . 
  i can attest that qualitatively living in german city is really not much different from living in a city anywhere . 
  i actually did that and i wish all the people in the uk who 've never lived here would stop fawning over germany . 
  they 've side stepped some of the problems that have been happening in europe lately but they 're hardly angels . 
  merkel 's invitation of the refugees to europe might have played ok domestically but it fired up the eurosceptics in other parts of europe too . 
  it was ultimately an act of power to welcome the doors without having agreements in place with the european countries . 
  people should remember that germany has interests too , they are also trying to define the agenda , and fawningly praising all of their policies without taking a critical eye to them is simply playing into their hands . 
  the cdu are not the loving , progressive , does everything right party that some people in the uk of the left leaning persuasion seem to believe . 
  honestly i think the eu really fucked up by not having a more conventional democratic system . 
  big reason eurosceptics can push their narrative is that people do n't feel like there is any direct relationship between the mep parts of europe elect and the actual policy the eu follows . 
  the eu parliament has always struck me as ineffectual and bloated . 
  calling it anarchistic is doing britain a disservice frankly . 
  british society has all the trappings of a european social democracy . 
  it 's not like society does n't intervene in terms of aiding the poor and needy financially or materially . 
  moral intervention , however , is something that has never sat well with british culture . 
  the irish catholics down the road have their morality , the methodists another , and the middle class church of england types another . 
  throughout history nobody has forced various poor communities to embrace the `` national morality '' because such a thing can not be said to exist ( at least not exclusively ) . 
  all attempts of eulogising to the working classes in the 20th century came off as out-dated , sinister , or patronising . 
  positively 19th century reformist stuff . 
  this is a process that has gone on over decades if not centuries , and has led to the class divide we have today . 
  it 's not something that the uk has caused with its recent policy , nor is it something that can be undone quickly at all . 
  it does , however , explain the difference in structure between the uk and many european countries , where the difference between the working class and the middle class is more often than not only a matter material wealth and university education rather than a deep seated cultural divide . 
  my point was n't about norway particularly . 
  the point is that we should use the graph to indicate what living and working in that country is like in terms of wealth . 
  for example , we should n't assume that people in poland have three times less than those in italy because the gdp per capita is 1/3 . 
  if you do n't appreciate this a graph will exaggerate the difference between these nations skewing your perception . 
  it could well be that finns command more wealth than say , the irish , despite these figures . 
  people should remember that these figures are a very poor indication of `` wealth '' in terms of both quality of life and the how much purchasing power a society has either collectively , or the individuals within that society have on average . 
  nor does it say anything about wealth distribution . 
  what it does tell us is the gdp , which is a relatively decent indication of a countries economic significance on a global scale , averaged by the number of citizens . 
  countries with a high gdp per capita could be said to be `` punching above their weight '' in terms of how much wealth they have relative to the size of the country in terms of population . 
  this does n't actually tell us anything about the economic productivity of the people in country , or their quality of life / purchasing power , as a country could still be a dictatorship with a feudal society rich in natural resources and theoretically have a high nominal gdp per capita . 
  looking at the distribution of a nation 's wealth and comparing it with the gdp/ppp per capita is far more enlightening , but then you need to take into account quality of life , and quality of life unfortunately is always something heavily defined by what you value ideologically , low crime , healthcare , disability benefit , workplace security , economic mobility , education etc. 
  it 's a hard question really . 
  it could well be a situation like that . 
  however , the reality is that if the only reason the uk drops off without a deal is because of eu bureaucratic inefficiency that could reflect worse on the eu than the uk . 
  for example , if the core countries want a deal but it gets blocked by a smaller member over some ideological issue , and that could create divisiveness within the eu . 
  the uk might wait until the very last minute and then suddenly compromise massively and coming forward with much more reasonable terms . 
  you never know , the tories could well be banking on this situation . 
  it 's a very complex situation that i fear many people are n't giving proper consideration . 
  anything is possible really . 
  culture is learnt , they 're not taking credit for what their parents or ancestors did , it 's simply how you 're raised . 
  the uk is its own place with a very different history shaping its society and the people within it . 
  i 've lived in mainland europe for years and i can speak another language relatively well , i know it really is considerably different . 
  britain is ultimately a culture built on the premise of multiple cultures and classes alongside each other . 
  people are far less interested in how people down the street live as long as they 're not bothering them . 
  if they want to fight each other , fuck each other , drink and drug themselves into an early grave then let them as long as they 're not bothering serious people .
