  ca n't , you are taking away our free movement ... 
  [ the irony ] ( https://authenticnationalsocialismmemes.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/untermensch.jpg ), 
  indians and pakistanis have been pushed into doing job that the british working class typically have n't ever excelled in , probably because they were more efficiently locked out of certain labour markets during the point in history that they emigrated to the uk . 
  indians and pakistanis are renown for starting small businesses , often within their own communities . 
  indians supermarkets , convenience stores , restaurants and take away are the clich\u00e9 businesses . 
  the other clich\u00e9 is that the children of these immigrants are pressured by their parents into very respectable professional lines of work . 
  there 's even an old joke that when an indian kid gets back from university his parents simply as him `` are you a doctor yet ? '' . 
  doctor , pharmacist , optician , accountant , solicitor etc. 
  obviously you find indian and pakistani workers all over these days , this is n't the 60s , and these are just stereotypes , but you 'll still find very few pakistani and indians on building sites or on farms , and not as many in factories as you might expect given the local demographic breakdown . 
  seems to me that if pakistanis and indians do low skilled work , they prefer to do it within their own communities rather than join majority white british workforces . 
   to address why this has had a much bigger and aggressive response than with pakistani and other migrants , well counter to what the press would have you believe indians and pakistanis are fucking smart . 
  they 've traditionally competed for engineering , it , medicine , software and by and large white collar jobs . 
  although i know this is `` meant well '' , as a compliment to indians and pakistanis , it 's entirely untrue ( ofc i 'm not suggesting these groups are `` dumb '' ) . 
  pakistanis and indians once suffered more discrimination if anything , it 's just that these immigration waves into britain happened at different points in history . 
  since then we 've put massive amounts of energy into turning british society at large into a place where they feel relatively welcome and are treated relatively well . 
  when the first generation of indian and pakistani immigrants came to the uk they were in exactly the same boat as the polish are now , mostly competing for low skill work with the british working class . 
  in fact , many arrived in the 60s and 70s when the british working class were much more hostile to anyone rocking the boat , pre-thatcher etc. 
  i think the real reasons we have made discrimination against the polish people in the uk are many , including : 1 ) polish communities are a relatively new occurrence , when more people have grown up with a certain immigrant community around they perceive them as part of british culture . 
  many bigots would be lost without their local curry house where their `` mate '' riad knows just how like their madras , but they feel threatened by poles whom they are a well aware were n't there 20 years ago . 
  2 ) unlike the indian community , polish people have had less chance to establish themselves , the reason you think they are `` smart '' is because many have been here 3/4 generations , they 've established themselves and made themselves wealthy enough so that their children can attend university , go into professional careers , and access parts of society that most new immigrants can not . 
  3 ) unlike indians , very few poles have been in the uk long enough to stop seeming foreign , while there are plenty of indian and pakistani folk who speak english as their 1st language , relate first and foremost to british culture etc. 
  many poles did n't grow up here and still seem foreign , often using english the way you 'd expect someone who 'd learnt it in adulthood as a 2nd language would . 
  4 ) polish people are white europeans , and thus do not fall under the umbrella of social protection we 've created for racial minorities in the minds of many people , they think it 's ok to hate poles because in their minds that can not be considered `` racist '' as we are the same race . 
  5 ) poles are not perceived as coming to britain to stay . 
  racists assume poles are just basically `` work tourists '' saving money to take back home or sending money back to families in poland . 
  the fact that they are paying tax in these jobs is not a factor in the average racist 's mind . 
  poland being only an hour or two away on a cheap flight adds to this belief . 
  6 ) most interestingly , i believe the migration habits of poles differ from most other large immigration cultures that have come to britain . 
  typically immigrants have flocked to major cities like london , birmingham , and manchester . 
  often deliberately moving there for the protection and support afforded by being surrounded by your own community . 
  poles have done this to some degree , there are polish communities in the cities , however many polish communities have appeared in far more rural places , probably due to a large number of the polish immigrants coming from agricultural communities in poland . 
  this has put them at conflict with communities that are unaccustomed to social change or wide scale immigration . 
  i also think this is possible because poles blend into homogeneous british communities better on account of their being white , so they 've been more able to access labour markets that seem unappealing to non-white immigrants , who show a strong preference for working in areas that already have a significant degree of racial diversity . 
  i think this is a much more believable explanation of the situation in the uk that does n't undermine the struggle of other waves of immigrants in the past . 
  you have to realise that once indians had it just as hard or worse . 
  i mean now indians in the uk have a strong preference for entrepreneurship , many running small businesses that few british people would want to ( e.g convenience shops , restaurants , food delivery ) , you have to realise that indians took to these businesses originally to create work for themselves because they were simply locked out of the british working class jobs by a barrier of racism and discrimination . 
  they did n't just arrive in the country and start becoming doctors and accountants . 
  the sad fact is that immigrants of previous eras were prevented competing with the british working class directly , or at least it was made very difficult for them , which is why they were pushed into making their own jobs in their own communities . 
  poles arrived in a much different britain , often with skills traditionally thought of as jobs that the white working class had ownership of , e.g plumbing , car manufacturing , agriculture , and this had set them at odds with the white british working class who now sees them as detracting from the few industries that they had reign over . 
  no it didnt work . 
  both sides failed . 
  we dont have to bind ourselves to a terrible idea simply because the referendum was shit . 
  a world without any counterbalance to western imperialism ? 
  yeah , not a world i 'd prefer to live in . 
  it 's not even my opponents i 'm talking about , it 's society at large . 
  it 's entirely uncontroversial that interest in political issues at every level has diminished in the last 30 or so years , and the complexity of many issues has skyrocketed , so i do n't know why you 're acting like i 'm being condescending . 
  we are all to blame , regardless of political affiliation . 
  nothing to do with intellectual ability . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're so insecure you have to make out like i 'm suggesting it is . 
  have you googled `` what is the eu ? '', 
  lately ? 
  there was time but that time was n't used properly . 
  nobody expected a leave outcome so it was a surprise . 
  article 50 was barely even mentioned since before the election . 
  saying tough shit it 's our own fault does n't cut it . 
  it 's our future this will impact , so if we want to have another attempt at doing it right then we can do that if we want to . 
  i agree . 
  i think the views of the sensible centre left are being tarnished by focus on radical progressive and left wing politics . 
  transgender issues are of some importance , but most people do not feel strongly about them . 
  caring about raising wages for the working and middle class , ensuring that the rich are held accountable , and so on are vastly more important to society than minority issues . 
  not really , you ca n't really defend or deny a referendum on the basis that some people did n't bother to vote , so really it 's not an issue that 's at stake . 
  remainers are angry at how poorly this has been carried out , it will go down in history books at one of the biggest disasters in british politics in the 21st century . 
  all the campaigns were lying , the government did n't want to leave , there was never a plan for what to do if we voted leave , the government at the time was not willing follow through with the result in any sense or form . 
  this is just a flat out way to have a referendum . 
  firstly , referendums , if used at all , should be used as a way to check whether people consent with what the government wants to do . 
  if the government had wanted to leave the eu , then a referendum to check people were onboard with that would 've been suitable . 
  having a referendum to see if people want to keep doing what we were successfully already doing was stupid , especially with the government being made up of eu supporters for the most . 
  now you 're in a position where you a government conflicting with the people . 
  a proper referendum should have outlined two precise plans , one outlining exactly what steps would be taken in either case , and what exactly the consequences of these would be . 
  it should not be a yes/no on statement that could be interpreted 1000 different ways . 
  the campaigns should have been objective and rational . 
  instead we got a political circus . 
  most remainers would be happy with a 2nd referendum this time defining exactly what the situation would be . 
  let 's have a real referendum that will actually settle this matter , let 's make it legally binding , because all we 've had so far is a joke referendum that was nothing more than a ploy by david cameron to try and destroy ukip and a power grab by boris johnson . 
  if , after another referendum , with the facts outlined on the table , the uk votes leave , then the uk would cease to be divided and everything would be fine . 
  the irony is that it 's corrupt because the populations of western nations have failed to vigilantly defend the political integrity of our system . 
  truth is that even vehement brexiteers will go back to political indifference after this shitshow is over . 
  the system of power is too boring and complex for ordinary people to stay involved with , the thing that motivated people in the past was that fact that they were aware of the reality that it could all go very wrong . 
  but since the west has n't had a shock like that in a while people are asleep at the helm . 
  this has lead to our dreadful modern media that no longer helps to act as a watchguard for ordinary people over the behaviour of politicians , the narrative is being controlled by political interests . 
  the alt-right allows people to vent their frustration with this situation in a way they can understand . 
  it gives them things to point at and say `` that 's the problem !, 
  '' , some vaguely defined notion of the scrounging immigrant sapping your wealth , the vaguely defined notion of an `` elite '' lining his own pockets at the expense of the working man ( all the better if that `` elite '' is a foreigner himself ) , life feels much less scary when you 've convinced yourself you 've found the root of societies ills . 
  this is the very definition of dangerous populism , it offers simple answers to complex questions that people can easily hop on the bandwagon of , but historically it never delivers since fixing the believed problem does actually fix the real problem . 
   british leaders are most definitely more qualified and more likely to act in favor of british interests than foreign bureaucrats . 
  that 's what the referendum was about . 
  british leaders wanted to stay in the eu . 
  the vast majority of british politicians supported remain , thus it was in british interests to remain . 
  nor do i believe that british leaders are necessarily more qualified or likely to act in favour of british interests , i think they could well be less likely . 
  finally , the british people are ruled by british people , even within the eu , britain remains a sovereign nation with complete control over its rules and laws . 
   but the fundamental interests on either side of the channel have n't changed , so the cross-channel agreements established after brexit are n't likely to be much different , either . 
  yes they have , investment between the two will be reduced , being less interlinked each with be more inclined to attempt to profit at the expense of the other . 
  the disaster will happen , and the solution will naturally be the cutting back of regulation that the eu introduced , cue a more us style work culture with fewer protections as a cheap way to boost the economy . 
  since brexit , and being an eu migrant myself no longer in the uk , i feel more european and less british every day . 
  living outside of britain has really opened my eyes to what an arrogant anti-intellectual culture we have become . 
  another myth spread by murdoch 's brexit media . 
  young people turned out in record numbers , it 's merely that the old will always turn out to vote more often . 
  brexiteers trying to discredit the remain faction when there was on a few percent in the referendum outcome look pathetic . 
  the alt-right is really terrifying right now to be honest . 
  it 's pure populism .
