  yeah but that really has absolutely nothing to do with economic growth . 
  economic growth is n't the expansion of a physical thing , it does n't even mean we have more stuff . 
  economic growth created when the economy adds more value , in terms of goods and services , and that creates greater rate of money changing hands . 
  for example if no one had invented take away restaurants , and then suddenly someone did and they took a country by storm and that guy made a super successful business , that would contribute to economic growth . 
  this is because when the take away restaurants came to exist they would n't just be stealing existing business from existing restaurants , but actually inclining more people to spend more frequently . 
  it adds value to the economy in terms of goods and services . 
  economic growth is not bound by `` physics '' , it is n't equivalent to the growth of a population or the growth of a physical object , it 's really just a concept built into modern capitalism that ensures an economy is constantly changing and improving . 
  nobody is planning infinite growth , however economic growth is a necessity of the modern capitalist system . 
  if we ever want to stop needing it , we need to completely rehaul the economic system . 
  we 've had constant economic growth in the west since ww2 and still have n't had malthusian event . 
  lol , my first instinct was he wanted to swap the eggs for sex xd but now i see it 's even worse than that haha . 
  the only word i understand was dree !, 
  ( cos it sounds like german ), 
  what are they saying ? 
  oh god that 's amazing . 
  seriously shut up mate , you 're talking some real shit right there . 
  i 've lived in the uk all over the place , london , birmingham , manchester , coventry , i have lived in them all and they 're all heavily immigrant cities . 
  i 've lived in posh areas and i 've lived in the murder triangle . 
  i know the uk is multicultural , i know it 's not segregated by race . 
  i was n't suggesting that at all . 
  i was n't even talking about race of nationality . 
  i was talking about the anglicised british majority ( not the white majority ) which includes all those black and indian people who are completely british vs the fresh off the boat communities like many of the somalis , syrians , pakistanis and such . 
  it 's perfectly possible to live in the uk and barely speak english , to never have to go outside your own community or engage with society at large . 
  you can live in somewhere like sparkhill in birmingham and do 90 % of things in urdu . 
  germany does n't have this to the same degree . 
  germany is less accustomed to cultural islands within their borders ( although they do have this to some degree with the turkish communities ) . 
  german society expects its residents to interact far more with the state bureaucratically than the uk does , it also expects them to do so in german a language that many immigrants come to germany knowing about three words rather than the spattering of english most people in the third world have . 
  they even run integration courses to teach them german and information about the society . 
  german society expects people to participate within it far more than the uk does . 
  if i were a freshly arrived pakistani with barely a word of english in the uk i could get by for years without ever having to go outside my community , the only people that would eventually catch up with me are the tax office and that would take years . 
  if a pakistani comes to england they can probably get employed by another pakistani , while one in germany would have to do their b2 german certificate and get employed by a german . 
  you will not find anything comparable in scale to sparkhill/sparkbrook , or rushholm in germany . 
  it 's not the same , stop getting angry about shit you obviously know nothing about . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  i know things are n't true because `` everyone knows '' them . 
  however in this case everyone knows it and it 's also true . 
  fallacies are so neckbeardy anyway ... 
  only a small percentage believe that shit . 
  the german news has reported they were people of colour , and everyone knows it . 
  must be a nice city . 
  i think they 're different things . 
  america has had better levels of integration on whole like and so has germany , integration in the uk has been a bit sketchier overall . 
  however , it 's still the case imo , that the uk and us are more accustomed to different cultures living side by side only unified under the rule law while the germans are used to social cohesion . 
  i think americans immigrants both integrate in the sense of losing some allegiance to their nation of origin and becoming american , however the segregation of cultures is the us is still a rather big thing . 
  african-america are integrated in the fact that they 're entirely americanised , however they often live in black neighbourhoods within their own communities , and the same goes for mexicans , and russia and so on . 
  we already incentivise germans to have children through considerable tax breaks and various other perks . 
  the problem is encouraging people to have three children , which is the only way to expand the population . 
  economically three children is a drain on any family , and when they can enjoy the benefits of the modern world with less than three they 're disinclined to have more . 
  the current system makes projections on tax payers , if 3 children are born they will probably contribute to the system more than two over their lives , simple as that . 
  the decreasing birth rate is a consequence of developed economies . 
  people do not want to have three children when they can enjoy the money they earn . 
  people have many children in 3rd world countries because they act as pensions for when they 're old . 
  if we could sort it out and not need ever growing populations in the west then it would be fine , but until then we need immigration . 
  sometimes they are , sometimes they 're not , we should work on making them so more than they 're not , is n't that what good immigration is ? 
  if i 'm aggressive it 's because your comment was rude , you expect to tell me i 'm espousing a fantasy and not catch shit for it ? 
  you seem to be missing the point , i 'm not saying that england attempt social cohesion , nor am i saying that the uk lacks any kind of social cohesion . 
  i 'm saying that the uk in comparison to germany does not demand the same degree of social cohesion and is far more accustomed to less social cohesion . 
  britain does lack social cohesion if you use germany is a comparison . 
  if you use america as a comparison it probably has better social cohesion . 
  what i do n't understand is your purely defensive rhetoric that does n't take this into consideration ... you ca n't point at a few examples expect that dismiss everything . 
  hell , i did n't even say the uk lacks social cohesion , what is a lack depends on what you think is the right amount after all , i just said that social cohesion is nowhere near as important in the uk as it is in germany , which is a fact , and you can point to all the evidence of social cohesion in the uk you want , it still does n't compare to germany . 
  do n't know why you think i put them as `` good '' examples , i simply painted them as examples of how other cultures behave , that 's it . 
  furthermore i could n't give a shit about what percentage of london is british , i 'm pretty sure a lot of those people are french tax exiles and russian oligarchs , ultimately i do n't care if people are `` british '' , i much more care about whether they are nice people or dickheads . 
  if london was 99 % french i would n't care , but if london was 99 % muslim extremist i would care , but they are completely separate issues . 
  look , i do n't care about philosophy . 
  our current economic model demands that we take immigrants to up economic growth , by our current standard , an economy that is n't growing a bad economy . 
  you want to change the economic model of the future to ensure sustainability and remove the benefits of national population growth ? 
  you want to revolutionise the world so we do n't have more people than we can feed and we all live in a utopia ? 
  be my guest , i wo n't stop you . 
  i 'm just stating the facts of how things are right now . 
  no , you 're the one who does n't understand economics . 
  economic growth is nothing to do with resources , it 's to do with value , that does n't just depend on raw materials but on services . 
  furthermore , we do n't have a choice , unless we want to throw capitalism out then it depends on economic growth , stagnation is the death of capitalism . 
  ponzi scheme usually offer crazy returns if one is able to recruit more members , that 's why they 're so effective , you do n't earn much on your investment , but if you recruit you get crazy returns , thus the 300 % figure . 
  i did n't endorse uncontrolled immigration , however what many people think is out of control such as what is happening in germany is really not as out of control as the hysterical right wing seem to believe . 
  money comes from tax payers , germany needs tax payers , if you ca n't breed your tax payers they have to come from somewhere else , thus immigration . 
  i 'm not saying anything about how or where you should get immigrants from , it would certainly help germany more if they took their immigrants from china rather than from war torn nations but that 's not politically viable . 
  i 'm sorry but this logic is terrible . 
  `` infinite growth '' is not what we 're talking about , we 're talking about a steady % growth . 
  obviously infinite growth is unsustainable , that 's like saying `` the world is a finite size , therefore infinity people can not be sustained here '' . 
  also 120 billion is n't that much in the grand scheme of things . 
  i 'm sorry but your wrong . 
  i 've lived in the uk for most my life and i 've lived in germany for a few years and street festivals are not common in the uk like they are in germany . 
  in the uk they are either corporate events , or niche events . 
  even then we have to have the st. johns ambulance on hand , even when we want to organise a village f\u00eate . 
  we have nothing on the scale of karneval in cologne or new years in most german cities , and if we did they 'd be stopped within months and controlled just like how football matches are in the uk . 
  nor are we are culturally integrated to the same extent as germany , we accept the existence of ethnic communities that behave virtually autonomously , we all follow the same rules but that 's about it . 
  we are comfortable with immigrant communities existing autonomously far more than the germans are accustomed to . 
  furthermore , your argument is the absolute fantasy . 
  the queen 's jubilee and royal wedding , events that primarily appeal to people of the same background and of the same mindset coming out to celebrate the royal family ? 
  how is that remotely comparable to thousands of teenagers and 20 somethings partying in the city centre ? 
  the closest comparison would be trying to host reading festival in the middle of trafalgar square , and everyone knows that if that happened it would be shut down with 20 minutes . 
  even reading festival ca n't exist without tents being set on fire ... we 're the country where people ca n't even congregate in a field in rural sussex without the proper licencing unless we want to be met with riot vans . 
  we 're the country who has to buy tickets to see our own capital city 's firework display , i think you are talking complete shit to be honest , you have no idea what you 're talking about as evidenced by your trying to compare the queen 's jubilee to new years in cologne . 
  we have nothing like the street festival culture in the uk because it 's not tolerated . 
  the nearest we can possible achieve is the notting hill carnival and everyone knows how heavily that is policed and what a shitfest it can be . 
  nor can you compare a few lame interfaith organisations to the type of social unity germans are accustomed to , stop talking about stuff you know nothing about . 
  i was n't say that no street culture or social unity exists in the uk ( i have lived there for most my life after all ) , i 'm simply stating the simple fact that what we have in the uk is not comparable to what germany is used to . 
  ( if you want to refute that you should probably call on your intimate knowledge of germany and not the uk ) ... to be honest , i find your opinion really annoying , i 'm talking from experience of both the uk and germany , and you 're just touting a bunch of crap in the uk and dismissing my opinion . 
  maybe you should consider the possibility that you do n't recognise that description of the uk because you are not living in a different culture to compare it against ?
