  in the uk nobody expects that but they expect the government to force foreign residents to play a long when necessary , even if that requires a heavy hand . 
  ok to get to the point , even with the immigration of the past 50 years the germans have had it easy to some degree . 
  when i think about karneval in cologne or silvesternacht in berlin , and try to apply it to culture like the uk or us it simply does not compute . 
  if you tried that kind relaxed attitude in a uk city even for a day it would result in a riot , cars set on fire , shops looted and so on . 
  the germans have been lucky because they 've had a culture that while enjoying reckless chaos from time to time ( karneval attests to that ) , the majority know where to draw the line , and therefore these crazy nights can exist and not cause the complete destruction of a city leading to their being stopped . 
  this leads me conclude that silvester by the dom in cologne was under policed comparative to how it would be in another country , which is why these events were able to occur . 
  germany is still adapting to the situation it is currently in with both many immigrant children from previous immigration bursts and with newly arrived foreigners being introduced in such great numbers . 
  if the type of events that happen in cologne centre were happening in the uk , you 'd be sure to see hundreds of police trying to force people to disperse , and police on horseback there ready to charge unruly crowds simply because we 're used to a society where the social cohesion of the public mindset will not prevent utterly horrific things from happening when things are beyond the control of authority with violence . 
  perhaps we were 60 years ago when our culture was more socially cohesive , but these days it 's assumed if disorder is occurring it requires a massive police presence to keep it in check . 
  germany has been lucky insofar as until now it 's been able to treat its people with a small degree of trust that while they might smash bottles in the street and let off fireworks recklessly , while they might have punch ups while drunk in the street and cause trouble , they 'll draw the line at the chaos devolving into mass rapes and extreme violence . 
  now germany is for the first time faced with so many non-integrated foreigners that sadly they need to lose their assumptions and tolerance towards the seasonal chaos that stuff like new years and carnival bring , they 'll have to police more thoroughly , and allow less congregation in public places . 
  this is actually a tragic thing for germany to be losing . 
  put it this way , i come from a country and culture no more than 300 miles away from germany , and when i first saw karneval and silvester in germany i was utterly blown away , what amazed me was how these usually orderly germans seemed to be totally cool with the chaos that occurs on those nights and also by how while everyone was partying nobody was spoiling it for everyone else by taking advantage of the permissiveness and engaging in stupid reckless criminal behaviour . 
  somehow despite the chaos , the next day they clear away the broken glass and rubbish and life continues . 
  in the uk people simply would n't be trusted to party without things going wrong . 
  i know everyone in cologne is very upset about the incidents on new years , however i would bet my left bollock at there are police forces in other countries who are thinking `` if you let thousands of drunk people congregate like that , what the fuck do you expect ? '', 
  things like this would simply not be allowed to exist in other countries , and sadly , unless germany does something miraculous to keep things in check , i fear that in 20 years time things like carnival will be a shade of their former selves , due to the restrictions that will have to be implemented on them to ensure public order . 
  what 's the solution ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  germany needs immigration with its declining birth rate and high number of old people . 
  socially cohesive cultures tend to behaviour in a more orderly fashion than cultures that rely only on authoritative cohesion . 
  germany should probably work hard at integrating the foreigners they have and start restricting the new ones so too many do n't come at once . 
  there 's also the fact that not all immigrants are equal , if you opened your borders to people who have a choice whether to come you 'll get a better quality of immigrant than people who are begrudgingly leaving because they must . 
  merkel 's `` wir schaffen das '' seems hopelessly optimistic in my opinion . 
  shit rectangle  shit reichtangle, 
  maybe that 's why i get `` du bist holl\u00e4ndisch , oder ? '', 
  every fucking day . 
  now you just ordered 1.000 litre milk !, 
  sometimes when i hear dutch i think i hear someone speaking english with a very thick american hilly billy accent . 
  i live in germany though so my ears are tuned to that now , so when i hear something that is n't german because does n't sound noticeably like a romance language or slavic language my brain my just tend to assume it 's english . 
  shit rectangle, 
  it 'll never pass in the eu . 
  the british will be angered by the brussels bureaucrats infringing upon their freedom to clap as they please , the french will be convinced at a frequency of 7 hz is more aesthetically pleasing and traditionally french and therefore should be culturally protected , the dutch will kind of agree with the germans deep down , but will then think of all the times they lost to germany in football and the nasty things germans say about heineken and decide to side with the french anyway . 
  the kingdom of mercia laughs at your puny king , too long has the great mercian nation suffered under the yolk of tyranny at the hands of its barbaric southern captor . 
  maybe globally , but the only reason english is the official language of the eu is because of the uk and ireland , otherwise it would 've been german , which , with over 100 million speakers within the eu , was a serious contender to english in the deliberations over which language should be used . 
  i have studied latin , i did it for for 5 years , it was an absolute nightmare and i got a d in the final exam . 
  comparatively in modern language subjects i only got as ( french and german ) . 
  latin did n't help me with other languages particularly apart from maybe a bit of etymology . 
  in fact i would blame my studying of latin for my current overwhelming preference for germanic languages . 
  most modern languages do n't have like a million different declension patterns to memorise or like 8 cases . 
  i 'm all for preserving the teaching of latin but making it mandatory seems pointless , also making it a requirement for something important like medicine just seems like an unfair imposition on people who might not be talented linguistics but make bloody great doctors . 
  why would english make europe an american satellite when there are two nations in europe whose language is english ... 
  you just bought 10.000 litres milk !, 
  despite being the product of colonialism , english is still a part of the irish national identity , it has been spoken in ireland for hundreds of years . 
  to say an irishman is not being true to his roots by speaking english is as old fashioned and prejudiced as saying that hiberno-english is not a true form of english . 
  ultimately english now belongs to its speakers and not to england . 
  seems kind of unfair if you ask me . 
  how many good doctors are you missing simply because they lacked the patience for latin ? 
  sounds like the way latin was taught in the past , and still is today to some degree . 
  all the focus on reading , translating and interpreting it and no focus on using the language , the past when it was a required subject this led to lots of people who could read a fair bit of latin , but despised the ordeal of learning it and were completely unable to use it as a language to communicate . 
  in fact all languages used to be taught this way to some degree , if i look at the french texts my mother has from her school years they were expected to read french far beyond the level you would ever study pre-university these days , but she can barely string a sentence together in france , barely understands a word and her accent is atrocious . 
  am i the only one who thinks soap after a piss is n't that necessary . 
  i 've actually had problems in cold weather with skin issues on my knuckles from harsh soaps combined with cold climates . 
  soap is a must after a dump naturally , but after a piss a quick rinse with water suffices in my mind . 
  he might mean that . 
  religious education ( r.e ) in the uk is basically that . 
  you study different religions from what is meant to be an objective basis . 
  the anti-eu scottish nationalist ? 
  wow you 're in for some trouble . 
  again , neither party wish to leave the eu , and neither do the snp . 
  how do they when neither want to leave the eu . 
  neither think that remotely . 
  you are not making sense whatsoever . 
  how can people add to labour supply be increased by employed people . 
  stop scapegoating a few polish workers who make next to no difference to the economy and get real . 
  you 're basically arguing larger population = greater supply of workers which is complete bollocks , otherwise how would america have less unemployment than belgium . 
  you 're the one in la la land . 
  rather than getting politically active and fighting to get paid what you deserve , you 're pointing your finger at johnny foreigner while employers laugh their way to bank . 
  no i 'm not . 
  however you have n't shown that eu immigration raises unemployment . 
  unemployment is the factor that drives down wages and make people accept less for more work . 
  more people does n't equate to more supply . 
  if anything changes can be explained by political complacency and right wing politics , we 've let the rich walk all over us and quietly accepted it , i do n't see how a few million extra people many of whom are employers themselves has changed all that . 
  yet again in european history immigrants are being used as scapegoats to distract us from our own poor management and the exploitation of the ruling classes . 
  ah yeah , blame immigrants and vote in the tories then complain about the plight of the working classes , it 's such bullshit . 
  before totally unrelated incidents to eu immigration ? 
  those polls are bullshit . 
  if the uk left the eu it would mean economic disaster on a world scale and the uk can expect to turn into the world 's next spain or poland , would n't that be brilliant . 
  even cameron knows it , and so do most level headed tories , the majority will vote with their wallets , which means staying in the eu . 
  a ) is a social problem and not an probably with immigration . 
  ask the tories why illegal employment still happens on a large scale , it 's amazing how big corporations are able to employ illegals , they should n't even able to start work until they 've seen the documents . 
  cash in hand work only goes on a small scale since big companies have too much to lose from it , it would show immediately in their accounts . 
  b ) that is a matter of unemployment , afaik unemployment is not all that terrible right now and has been worse before eu freedom of movement , reflecting far more on the state of the economy than immigration . 
  minimum wage is nothing to do with economic competition , it is mandated by the government and the government will raise it if enough people demand it . 
  i 'm sorry but what you 're saying has no basis . 
  if you could show that eu immigration raises unemployment you 'd have a point , but i see not such correlation . 
  saying more people = more competition for jobs is just a grave oversimplification . 
  cute you believe that . 
  even the tories do n't want out the eu . 
  the referendum is nothing but throwing a bone to the racists and ukipers to get them on side . 
  most people are moderates even if they are eurosceptic , and ultimately they will vote not to rock the boat over rocking the boat in a major way . 
  wealth distribution is affected by social policy and not by weak minded protectionist economic policy . 
  ukip is basically a dead party now and support of the eu is at an all time high . 
  shame we 've still got bigots like you , although tbh i think you might be a sockpuppet anyway given your post history . 
  you have n't used any actual economic logic , all you 've done is look at it from the perspective of a poor working class unskilled national in a particular country , you have n't look at anything like gdp which is the actually important figure . 
  the uk will not be leaving the eu because it would be a disaster for the british economy if it did . 
  only a small number of people actually want out , the uk is more concerned with limiting eu power to keep greedy german and french hands off our finance industry . 
  if you want to help the poor people in your nation you should be working to push money down them . 
  not gimp your country on the world economic stage . 
  fyi the word german citizen will have no meaning 50 years down the line , there will only be eu citizen , and we will all be far better off for it in the future when europe is a super state and can compete economically with the usa and china .
