  tfw you realise that enforced structure on a language merely limits it 's range of expression and there must a logic to english else it would n't be an effective means of communication . 
  i can , but i had to learn at least 30 new words to do so , the poem is pretty old too , so you need to use some archaic pronunciations like hussif for housewife if you want the meter to scan . 
   german meanwhile has a far more complex way of forming tenses no , it does n't , you need to reconsider what you mean by that sentence . 
  german tenses are easy as shit . 
  german has nothing like : will my car ever have been being cleaned ? 
  english has like 16 tenses , german has like 6 . 
  if there 's anything foreign language speakers struggle with it 's tense selection , but yes that can be picked up intuitively with repetition . 
  very few people understand they they say . 
  `` he is flying to new york tomorrow '' but `` he 's going to fly to new york one day '' , it just comes to them natural after hearing enough . 
  truth is that translating `` ich fliege morgen nach new york '' does n't really capture `` i 'm flying to new york tomorrow '' anymore than it captures `` i will fly to new york tomorrow '' or `` i 'm going to fly to new york tomorrow '' . 
  also german has like 80 irregular verbs whereas english has like 200 + , so there 's that too . 
  do you have anything ahead of you ? 
  it 's never as simple as literal or not-literal . 
  you 're just simply unaccustomed to the logic of german . 
  asking if someone has something `` before them '' , temporally speaking , is n't an illogical way to ask them about their plans . 
  i just do n't get who goes on holiday to make money . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure if it 's about making money it becomes a business trip . 
  shopping sprees are for the plebs !, 
  the truly posh have their tailor come to their house . 
  poor germany , late to the game of imperialism , did n't get a decent navy til all the world had been claimed . 
  should 've stuck to the crazy philosophy and tortured art and poetry lads . 
  you 'd still have kings and queens if you were n't so gosh darn political and had n't kept overthrowing the order of things . 
  nothing has changed . 
  the only truth to be had from brexit was that at the time more people could be bothered to go out and vote against the eu than those who could be bothered to go out and vote for it by a small margin . 
  yes some people buy it for the sport section . 
  some people buy it because it 's the only paper they can read . 
  i 'll add that newspaper hold a plurality of opinions by doffer writers . 
  just because it 's the largest paper does n't mean that more than a few percent of people would buy it . 
  selling the most should n't be confused with the majority opinion . 
  brits do n't really need to go very far to be impressed by nature , even popping to the alps is like a whole new world for us . 
  maybe the french and germans and scandis head for the national parks because they want to see something bigger and wilder than what they 've got back home . 
  you 'll find outdoor enthusiasts everywhere mate . 
  the uk is n't short of them . 
  i think you 'll find no difference there . 
  my point was that europeans see american culture as more otherly and romantic , whereas britain see it as somewhat familiar and unexciting . 
  hell in germany you 'll find americaphiles quite regularity , and even some bonkers times that collect cowboy hats and do line dancing . 
  this attitude is less prevalent in the uk due to the cultural divide being smaller . 
  what seems familiar is by necessity less exciting . 
  seems a long way to go just for nature . 
  i think the difference really is that the germans , scandis , and frenchies see america as `` other '' , whereas britain does n't to the same degree . 
  wow , there 's a massive difference between treating a nation as a collective and remarking on what the mass popular reaction to a certain course of action is likely to be . 
  but go ahead , interpret what i 've written with the nuance of a 12 year old if you want . 
  i 'm just trying to paint a picture of what is likely to happen to the average attitude across britain towards europe if this gets too confrontational . 
  and by the way i was n't suggesting britons were irrational . 
  i said they were n't rationalists in the sense that they do not subscribe to rationalism in the sense of there existing objective reasons to pursue a course of action , the thought it far more ideological , which is not the same as being irrational . 
  i 'm sorry it hurts your feels that many british people do n't give a shit about the eu , but our cultures are the product of very different circumstances . 
  many britons do n't feel as if eu , or even europe 's fate , has any impact of britain 's survival or long term success . 
  very few britons believe the idea of european integration and of those that do most only came to it later . 
  it might not be entirely true , but there 's definitely that assumption that britain managed 900 years without eu integration is can continue to do so . 
  hell , i think some leavers would welcome a political and economic crisis to give the chance for britain to return to a national survival mentality as this is when historically our great social cohesion and many ways our greatest successes and innovations have been made . 
  they do n't like the fact that our national success is so tied to that of other nations that are n't us , and would rather work their way back up from the bottom rather than share the job with other cultures . 
  britain does n't have the sense of modern national pride and cultural cohesion of most european countries , even germany has it far more than britain and they have the war guilt to contend with , and it 's this what many brexiteers are craving . 
  the truth is that while many leavers have now acknowledged the leave campaign was all lies , surprisingly few of them have changed their mind given the scale of nonsense . 
  you ca n't change the mind of someone with such an ideological basis with appeals to self-interest or mutual benefit . 
  furthermore , i 'd like to hear how we `` let '' the lies flow . 
  if people believe things they believe them , regardless of how many alternative sources of information are put in front of them . 
  once someone believes a narrative i.e the meaning of the all the facts comes together , correcting them on a few point wo n't change them . 
  there 's very little facts that could 've stopped the leavers from leaving , it would 've taken an act that would had enough symbolic significance as to alter the `` narrative '' . 
  the real problem in briton is that the eu has no emotional significance to britons as it does in many other cultures where it represent the notion of post-ww2 prosperity , peace , and international cooperation . 
  britain , having won the war , was outside of that whole political and ideological movement , which is why britain has mostly seen the eu as nothing more than free market project that it was useful to be in . 
   to an extend of insulting our ( and the 48 % remain voters ) core values and lying to great extends about our intentions , gets you a lot of sympathy , right ? 
  the mistake i see a lot of people making is that they treat the uk like a collective . 
  if people start bashing `` the british '' then it 's only going to turn this friendly departure into a bitter divorce . 
  the insults like `` stupid anglos '' and `` island monkeys '' i 've heard from a few people are really just asking for trouble . 
  if europe destroys the image of our nations being `` friends '' it 's going to get a lot worse . 
  i have to say i 've seen a few comments on here that have been very upsetting assaults on the british / british character and i 'm a pro eu federalist . 
  we need to keep this on topic and not start nationality bashing . 
  honestly an ideological battle conflict on the basis of nationality is the last thing europe wants to provoke now , but the british populace will not be out done in this regard , and it will only lead to greater support for brexit and a more spiteful element to future relations . 
  too often i hear europeans saying that britain would never be so crazy / foolish as to x and being dismissive about the seeming absurdity of their demands . 
  these people have totally misunderstood the british mentality . 
  if the europeans start telling britain what is or is n't possible than britain will happily cut its nose of to spite its face and then aggressively push the narrative of what a great thing it was just to prove them wrong . 
  that was the mistake the remain campaign made , telling people what is and is n't feasible . 
  britain is not a nation of rationalists and the british public says `` pigs can fly '' they 'd sooner redefine the words `` pig '' `` can '' and `` fly '' than acquiesce to an opposing opinion . 
  no such thing as standard english to be honest . 
  you have british standard etc , and that 's defined mostly by the written form and not the spoken . 
  standard is to do with the syntactical and morphological behaviour of the language , and nothing to do with the phonetic realisation of words . 
  victoria spoke german as a child due to a german nanny and had a german speaking husband with whom she spoke german , so some german influence on her speech is possible . 
  that said it 's wrong to consider it her `` first language '' . 
  your `` first language '' is n't the first you learn but the one that comes to dominate your everyday speech by adulthood . 
  all her actual `` work '' was done in english . 
  in this regard her first language was english . 
  after victoria there 's no reason to assume that any of the monarchs spoke german any more than they spoke french for example . 
  this whole idea that your shilling , that the royal family retained their `` german-ness '' in private , is nothing but a piece of misinformation spread around to mock them . 
  george iii was n't remotely unusual , much rather he marks the point at which the dynasty became more english than german , and it stayed that way ever since . 
  it conferred absolutely zero benefit to them not to anglicise themselves as much as was humanly possibly . 
  royals were taught german well into the 20th century , but they were also taught french , so it 's really no reason to consider them secret germans . 
  to be fair some time in austria will answer the question of why your lot are so good at taking over europe with land armies , ordnung muss sein and all that . 
  maybe , but i can assure you that rich british working class folk do n't always aspire to education . 
  in fact rich working class folk are , according to stereotypes , the worst ones for lording it over the foreigners while abroad . 
  [ here 's an old sketch show that illustrates the point , showing the interaction between rich working class holidaymakers and middle class ones ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8kum8outuk ), 
  if you think education / class = money in the uk you 've completely misunderstood our class system and labour market to be honest . 
  i 'd go as far to say there 's no country in the world where phrases like `` working class millionaire '' and `` broke aristocrat '' seem less contradictory , as in most countries class seems to be far more defined by money ( and education too ) rather than social habits . 
  yes , there 's some correlation , but honestly i think this is countered by the fact that there 's more interest in the us amongst the working class than the middle class , who are on the whole vastly more europhilic . 
  while the higher cost of travelling to america is definitely plays some role , and in fact you see the same process in reverse in europe with the americans who come here tending to more cash than those who holiday in tijuana or whatever , it does n't really explain it . 
  the important difference is that , while europe as seen as a culturally enriching destination by americans , the same is n't true in reverse . 
  what i mean by my previous comment is that america is n't typically seen as a `` cultural '' destination by britons particularly , so i strongly feel that the british people who visit america while perhaps being a bit richer are n't really any more refined than those in europe on average . 
  i know for a fact that many of the least `` posh '' britons would love to go to america for every holiday they take if they could , given how less educated folk seem to romanticise the image of america more frequently ( thank hollywood ) and also how they could enjoy the sunshine in a country where english is spoken natively , they simply ca n't because of the cost of flights and hotels . 
  honestly the yanks should be happy that there are n't 50 pound flights to florida else they 'd be swamped with drunken britons behaving inappropriately . 
  the cultural stereotypes in the uk suggest that posh britons often go to places like rural france and switzerland for their holidays . 
  they certainly do go to places like spain and greece but when they do so they make a point of avoiding all the typical package holiday destinations and describe such places as `` simply awful '' ( which to be fair they are ) .
