  the truth is that people in european countries probably do n't even notice the posh brits because they make such a point of doing the opposite of what the working classes do . 
  the clich\u00e9 working class holidayer is known for treating the locals like shit , being loud and noticeably drunk everywhere he goes , refusing to speak a word of the local language , and being outraged whenever anything remotely differs from back home to the extent that they 'll try to enforce their standards onto the local community . 
  consequently , people who consider themselves a bit posh try to do the exact opposite of that which makes them pretty invisible in comparison . 
  you 're completely wrong there mate . 
  received pronunciation was a broadcast invention and while it borrowed heavily from the upper classes dialects of the time it was not itself an upper class dialect , or a dialect at all , until in the early days of a the bbc a committee was formed to create the standard form . 
  prior to this point the uk did n't have a single aristocratic accent , but rather a host of regional variations all of which were considered acceptable modes of aristocratic speech . 
  the northern aristocracy spoke differently from the south aristocracy etc , although the degree of divergence was n't as great as that of working class dialects due to the frequency of fraternisation between upper classes people . 
  you can look at the minutes of that committee to understand the phonetic questions that had to be addressed when designing a broadcast standard . 
  amongst these were : whether - h should be pronounced . 
  many aristocratic dialects in the 19th century had - h dropping , sometimes only before french route words e.g - historic but not horse , and sometimes with all - h words . 
  in fact this feature is still noticeable in how the phrase `` an historic '' is still considered a standard usage . 
  whether words like poor / pour / pore / paw were homophones . 
  many dialects distinguished these sounds into paw-uh , poo-uh , and paw . 
  whether - oa still had a separate correspondent diphthong . 
  many dialects distinguished words like horse and hoarse . 
  similarly many dialects had a separate diphthong for - ea , so reed and read were n't homophones . 
  it was also common for 19th aristocratic dialects to pronounce `` my '' as `` mi '' ( with the vowel of `` tin '' ) before consonants or both vowels and consonants . 
  they also littered their speak with words that we now consider non-standard , such as `` ai n't '' being the proper contraction of `` am not '' . 
  `` i ai n't riding mi ' orse today '' would 've once passed as aristocratic language . 
  there was also discussion over how to deal with unstressed syllables and whether a single sound was to be used for reduced vowels or a a set of new sounds each corresponding to the letter they represented would be used . 
  if you listen to the early bbc broadcast you 'll see how speakers were trained to pronounce reduced vowels in a way that `` retained a flavour of the letter '' . 
  also this stuff had to be settled at the start of the 20th century before we can say rp , or at least what we mean by rp now , come to exist . 
  ironically , much of what we consider low class dialectical features were present in 19th century aristocratic speech , because they spread amongst the common folk through imitation and in doing so lost their air of prestige . 
   well consider that the royal family before the 20th spoke german . 
   no they did n't george iii could n't even speak german particularly well despite remaining ruler of hanover , which he never visited . 
  he really did everything to present himself as a true briton through and through , including forgoing this father 's first language . 
  george ii could speak german as he was raised in germany but would n't at court because he did n't want to be associated with it . 
  george i spoke german as his mother tongue and then switched to using english upon ascendancy . 
  realistically , george i and ii might 've used german in private , although we have their letters in english , and from then on if any of that dynasty spoke german it was as a 2nd language . 
  of course , in those times monarchs were expected to speak many languages so they no doubt did study german alongside french , greek , and latin as part of their royal education . 
  life imitates art . 
  why would they go there of all places ? 
  nah the guy 's talking shit . 
  bottled fart sniffing level smug . 
  omg those fucking french and spanish school trips . 
  they have got to be the most annoying fuckers in the world . 
  you 'll know them their matching yellow polo shirts or t-shirts . 
  bunch of awkward stage teenagers about 14 , always congregating in throughways and walking at 3 miles per hour . 
  this is london mate , not gay paris , walk straight and walk fast you bastards . 
  not on sun worship holidays . 
  probably drinking wine in the south of france or skiing in switzerland , those are two clich\u00e9d places for posh people to holiday . 
  the class system would be the actual answer . 
  guy 's a straight nazi , not worth arguing with the cunt . 
  nope , just a big fuck you you nazi cunt . 
   thanks to the eu we also do n't need an anschluss anymore proof enough really . 
  go drown yourself in a pot of shitty schweinhaxe while jerking yourself off to your superior `` kultur '' . 
  hmm maybe germans are very low to be honest . 
  i certainly have to push my voice down like an insecure 15 year old when i 'm speaking german . 
  so it sounds like english spoken by a cartoon mouse ? 
  that 's because scots and germans are natural enemies ... 
  grew - past simple tense when + why - question words how do we form questions with question words in the past simple in english ? 
  - with `` did '' when the information we want is n't the subject of the verb and without when it 's the subject . 
  what 's going on here ? 
  when and why grew the daily mail 's love ? 
  what 's the thing doing the growing ? 
  oh it 's the daily mail 's love . 
  daily mail 's love in the subject , therefore the information we want must not be the subject - therefore use did . 
  when and why did the daily mail 's love for europe grow sour ? 
  help i 'm being oppressed by the violence inherent in the system !, 
   it is like lord haw haw edits it . 
  straight to invoking nazi imagery i see , it 's pretty clear in what decade most brexiteers still think they 're living in . 
  the romans would n't have seen the ecological potential of a place , they would 've looked at how easy it would 've been to farm . 
  modern ireland is very fertile but that 's after hundreds of years of land management , clearing forests to create flat land , draining bogs to allow crops to be grown . 
  scientifically ireland is fertile , but that 's no reason to think the romans saw anything but a sparsely populated wilderness and barbaric tribes from which the romans had little to gain . 
  strange that you 'd think philosophy has nothing to do with mathematics . 
  it think sadly there 's a woefully poor understanding of what philosophy actually is amongst the general public . 
  being the study of knowledge itself , if you consider anything to be knowledge then philosophy will be relevant . 
  mathematics is certainly a form of knowledge , a very fascinating one , and thus philosophy and mathematics coincide a great deal more than many other subjects . 
  this is the narrative that many brexiteers believe but it 's simply complete bollocks . 
  firstly , yes , there are some federalists on the continent but they 're not even in the majority , many many people in the other 27 nations have exactly the same suspicion towards closer integration and/or federalism . 
  there are also eu federalists in the uk , although probably fewer than in some more pro-eu nations . 
  secondly , the idea that any eu nation could ever be made part of a federalised eu without the political mandate of the people is absurd . 
  federalism would invoke massive constitutional change at the most core level . 
  while the current eu is simply governance by consent ( and thus national sovereignty is unaffected ) , a federal system would affect the constitutional principles of each nation that joined . 
  in the uk , such a political mandate would have to be achieved by referendum , as the rule of thumb in british law is that constitutional changes must be confirmed by a binding referendum ( non-advisory like the eu vote ) . 
  thirdly , even under a federal eu , it 's very unlikely that such a system would not include a mechanism that would allow members to regain independence . 
  it would be impossible to convince any member state to consent to join a federal eu without some kind of emergency escape system . 
  us style federalism , in which there is simply no precedent or law that allows a state of secede from the union , is not viable for modern europe . 
   we just do n't agree with your path i hear this all the time but i 'm 100 % certain you ca n't tell us what exactly that path is . 
  i know you ca n't because nobody actually knows . 
  while many continental politicians talk positively about an `` ever closer union '' , nobody is willing to actually define what that means because as in the uk there are both pro-european and eurosceptic voices and opinions amongst the voting demographics , as well a million other visions of what it means , and geopolitical factors that need to be considered . 
  if a federal europe did occur , it could only be a coalition of the willing , or as it 's been put lately , `` those who want to do more do so '' . 
  britain was never in any danger of being covertly transitioned into a european superstate against its will . 
  that belief is pure brexiteer paranoia held by people who simply do not understand the political world and simply see politicians as liars who can do anything they want , aka moderate conspiracy theorists / people who do n't understand how difficult effecting political change is . 
  it would 've been logical for britain to simply remain in the eu , and if and when federalism became a possibility for some member state they could 've opted out then ( when faced with the reality of it ) . 
  doing this britain would 've retained all the benefits of eu membership it has amassed to date , all while maintaining its individual stance and lack of interest in closer political integration , as these benefits are consolidated by international treaties and thus can not be removed . 
  stupidly , britain is now throwing those benefits away due to an unrealistic and paranoid fear ( tied to xenophobic mistrust influencing judgement no doubt ) . 
  i 'll add that i think a real part of the brexit vote is that many older voters realise that younger britons are quite pro eu and having grown up with it do n't see it as the aberration of british identity they perceive it as , so in 30 years time britain could end up joining a federalised eu by choice rather than by some kind of stealth manoeuvre , and , naturally assuming they know best , have chosen to rob future briton 's of that choice by forcing us out now before the question has even become viable . 
  no offence but i think you 've been doing that within the context of a germany and france dominated discourse . 
  restricting eu power has definitely been off the table . 
  if france leaves it 's going to look very different . 
  i do n't really believe in the deterrent factor , there are already harsh penalties for assault in the uk and they do n't necessarily stop people getting drunk and doing stupid stuff . 
  you might live in a country where the laws are relatively soft but i would n't say the uk laws are . 
  i would n't want to fuck up someone 's life just because they did something stupid when drunk ( assuming nobody was truly hurt ) . 
  the law has no real corrective power , it will just ostracise the person from society and possibly push them further away from moral decency . 
  the law has no mercy and very little sense of severity , assault is assault regardless of whether it 's malicious or foolish . 
  the law is really just an abstraction outside of moral reality . 
  its application should always be pragmatic and never principled . 
  i trust no authority to deal out justice befitting the crime , so i simply would n't bother . 
  maybe it 's just the culture i come from , but we were taught to sort things out amongst ourselves whenever possible , and that invoking authority over trivial matters of an undesirable personality flaw .
