  however , when it comes to cultural pluralism it 's decades ahead the rest of europe . 
  speaking to a british indian friend to lives in germany it becomes clear that it 's like day and night . 
  while they are very anti-racism at work , he still has a hard time claiming to be british around most germans . 
  their response is often `` yeah but where are you really from '' ( he 's a 4th generation immigrant or something stupid ) . 
  they someones come off as totally naive , and a few even cross the line into racism e.g doing a voice like apu from the simpsons around him , which , while not ill intended , is incredibly bad form around someone who has only been to india a few times on holiday . 
  he has a broad northern accent and sounds like ned stark ffs . 
  people treat him very differently until they realise he 's from the uk and then suddenly are welcoming , as they assume he 's an indian-indian migrant in germany with low social status ( he 's a lead developer for a big it dept ) . 
  even in highly mixed cities like berlin and dusseldorf you 'll find that outside of the trendy bubble there 's still a very dominant mono culture and that the average joe still thinks very much of this country belonging to this culture and not simply being a place where different cultures reside and mix . 
  they sing they local songs , eat the local cuisine , all while making fun of the people a few towns over where they do things differently . 
  a level of regionally defined cultural behaviour that 's pretty much unheard of in the uk . 
  as an immigrant you can join in with this local culture or be forever outside of it , which is good from an integration perspective in some respects , but many people in europe still have n't grasped that some people might want to retain almost everything about their native culture while still being valued law abiding citizens of their nation , and that multiculturalism does n't simply mean absorbing a few foreigners into your dominant culture . 
  britain started inviting racially different cultures earlier to live in the country earlier than most europe , with a great deal of success i 'll add , due to the collapse of the empire and britain 's need to reinvent the british identity in a post-imperial world . 
  let me guess , you 're only saying that because you 're german and live in a society that follow those rules . 
  must ... regulate ... everything . 
  your rules are stupid outdated and surprisingly nationalistic . 
  no wonder the turks keep setting fire to things when they ca n't even have the same rights as citizens . 
  stupidity and anxiety . 
  well i 'm an english hairdresser who moved to scunthorpe and obtained a pork pie , i then went on a trip to skegness to speak to a scouser where met a friend from the wirral . 
  then in school i did a btec in driving a fork lift truck as well as food hygiene , then i moved to lancashire where i studied workplace conflict resolution and basic microsoft office skills , alongside my cumbrian , brummie , cockney , bristolian etc. . . friends from primary school ... and then we all went on a trip to the british instituions in blackpool . 
  oh , and i also once joined a black country protest against decriminalizing bloody foreigners in england with a welsh man , and we had some warm english ale with a pickled egg . 
  ** r u l e b r i t a n n i a ** * ( bloody foreigns coming over here with their fancy foreign ways and show-offy international mindset , who they think they are ay ? 
  no wonder we voted out the eu . 
  who won the war anyway ? ), 
  if you 're a couple yeah , at dinner parties it 's always boy girl boy girl around the table , but sitting everyone opposite their so is anti-social . 
  what not swap either the women or the men though ? 
  ( not both ) . 
  kinda of a strange seating arrangement . 
  they 've gone dinner party style but it 's two couples , now everyone ends up facing their own partner . 
  i never talked about this incident . 
  i never denied that white people had carried out acid attacks . 
  all i ever did , was point out that acid attacks gained popularity in parts of the 3rd world and that the culture spread to the uk via immigrant communities . 
  the vast majority of these attacks are carried out by immigrants , and that 's the reality of it . 
  as i said , you 're arguing with yourself , feel free to carry on , but it would be nice if you 'd stop bothering me . 
  these issues exist only in your head , you 're pretty much having a discussion with yourself right now . 
  to end this more quickly let me give you what you obviously want , which is everyone to praise your nonsense ranting as genius . 
  oh yes might adevland , i concede that the rise in acid attacks in the uk has absolutely nothing to do with the rise in number of such attacks in the mena countries , they are totally coincidental , and it 's all white british born citizens who 've started to do this at roughly the same time in a completely unrelated set of correlated event . 
  nothing to do with each other at all !, 
  utterly coincidental !, 
  are you happy now ? 
  i 'm tired of your petty angry responses . 
   state that there 's a high chance that the attackers were middle eastern immigrants . 
  i did n't state anything of the sort . 
  in fact , nothing i 've said in this whole thread has been specifically about this incident , so you 've misunderstood . 
   the fact that other acid attacks were not perpetrated by immigrants . 
  the lat one was by a white uk male and it was aimed at immigrants just like this one . 
  actually i 've only been talking about the majority of such attacks , and why they 've become to common when 20 years ago they were totally unheard of . 
   but , hey , let 's ignore the facts and cherry pick only the ideas that are unproven which also fit my xenophobic agenda . 
  an agenda you 're literally hallucinating right now . 
   this is why correlation never implies causation . 
  because it takes just one case to prove it wrong . 
  one anomalous result does n't disprove a causal relationship . 
  you still have n't grasped what that statement actually means . 
   it 's pathetic . 
  what 's desperate is how desperate you are to misinterpret what i 've written to project meaning that was never there in the first place . 
  either your written comprehension skills are poor or you 're just dying for an argument . 
  either way , this is a pointless discussion . 
  oh , and calling people names is n't nice , maybe you should grow up too . 
  well , first off , not everyone lives by the sea . 
  lots of people naively think they can swim back , underestimating the back that while it may only be 100 or so meters to the shore , swimming against the current will require you to swim the equivalent of many times that distance , all the while exceeding the pace of the current without any breaks . 
  that 's kind of irrelevant . 
  we disagree about whether this is an effective way to make idiots pay attention , why do n't we leave this discussion there . 
  confirmed . 
   if the point is to get idiots to pay attention it obviously failed since if you had payed attention you would know they were dying out at sea , not on the beaches . 
  you 're so clever buddy , keep up the good work . 
  i 'm sorry that the best humour the croatian coastguard can come up with is a bunch of poorly spelt snide comments aimed at depicting foreign visitors as stupid , but that 's life i guess . 
   my point exactly . 
  and people use this as a way to blame immigrants . 
  which i 'm not so it 's beside the point . 
   oh , look , i have no response to this so i 'm going to make a joke about it . 
  :d it 's not a joke at all . 
  redditors try to use these `` catchphrases '' they 've picked up from academic sources to win arguments without actually understanding their import . 
  stating an informal fallacy is n't some kind of trump card that de facto wins an argument . 
  you also have to argue why it applies to the argument the other person is making in a convincing way , else it 's utterly meaningless . 
   no , it is n't . 
  that 's why it 's a logical fallacy . 
  this just tells me that you do n't even understand what the statement `` correlation does n't imply causation '' even means . 
  let me help you out , the point of that phrase is to make clear that correlation does n't necessitate causation , that there can exist a correlation between two things and no direct causal relationship between one and the other . 
  however , when using the empirical method , if we spot a correlation between two things , the very first thing we try to do is investigate whether the relationship between the two correlated factors is causal or not . 
  yes , correlation is a very good indicator of possibility of causation , it just does n't ensure a causal relationship , which is the purpose of the phrase . 
  you seem to have misunderstood the statement to mean correlation means there definitely is n't any causation , or that correlation is completely irrelevant to causation , which if you actually put your mind to it is utterly absurd . 
   you already admitted that the whole thing is just some people copying the violent crimes of others . 
  you 're not only wrong , but yo 're also contradicting yourself . 
  i 'm not contradicting myself at all , as i never ever put forward the idea that copying was n't a part of this . 
  in fact , from the very start my point was that changes in 3rd world cultures will be imitated by people in the west , starting with the people who are immigrants with ties to those 3rd world cultures , and spreading outwards . 
  mate , you need to take a step back from reddit and have a hard look at yourself , you 've come at this argument with so much righteous fury and very little tact . 
  you 're fighting ghosts that just are n't there . 
  at very least , i hope you 'll go away understanding the statement `` correlation does not imply causation '' . 
  mate i have no idea what you 're on about . 
  i was just pointing out that certain things are actually abundant in africa , condoms are one of those things , because charities dump truck loads of certain things in africa in the hope of helping the situation . 
   are you saying that it 's impossible for someone to copy violent attacks unless it 's murder ? 
  really ? 
  is this your argument ? 
  no , i did n't say that , i said the term `` copy cat killer '' is a term used about serial killers who emulated other serial killers out of a sense of admiration . 
  i did n't say that copying a violent attack is impossible . 
  in fact that 's exactly what has happened . 
   correlation does not imply causation . 
  oh look the mating cry of the pseudo intellectual redditor ( along with spouting on about different forms of informal fallacy ) , i do wonder how much you understand that concepts of correlation and causation . 
  correlation does n't imply causation , but it 's a damn good indicator of the possibility of causation . 
  here , the relationship is transparently clear , a form of attack became popular in certain parts of the world , and that behaviour spread to immigrant populations in the 1st world that come from those parts where it first became popular . 
  the reality is that acid attack came out of nowhere in the uk .
