  the ftse contains many vast companies whose operations cover the world , they just happened to be based in london and therefore listed on the london stock exchange . 
  consequently these companies will be able to weather a uk recession reasonable well , so it 's worth using this time to invest in them cheaply . 
  many ftse 250 countries are not as international , focussing on the uk market or on the eu market only . 
  these companies are not being invested in , because they will probably be negatively impacted by the ramifications of a potential brexit and therefore be less successful . 
  in real terms , we can look at it this way . 
  the ftse 100 's value is 6,545.37 , and it 's up a few percent since brexit . 
  meanwhile the ftse 250 's value is 15,734.68 , almost thrice that of the ftse 100 , and it 's down over 2 % on the day . 
  yes , money is going into our under priced multinationals , but money is leaving our wider economy harming smaller scale national companies . 
  simply put , the ftse 100 is up but the overall economy is down , this means a slow down is coming . 
  when companies find it harder to get investment then they become cautious and limit their growth and production , when companies become cautious banks become more cautious with loans , because they fear the worst and know that the companies are n't growing fast enough to meet certain interest demands on their borrowing . 
  when the capital stops flowing into the countries companies start being careful and cutting back on hiring new people , and may even cut off unprofitable projects they were funding in hope of future success , this can mean job losses . 
  then everyone in society starts getting cautious , people stop spending as much on holidays , on luxuries , companies start to see declining sales and get even more cautious . 
  soon the economy is shrinking , recession is come . 
   right , take away your nonsense about expats and your argument starts to hold water . 
  you should focus on the point not the details . 
  it does n't really matter for the purpose of the argument where someone learns the language , if someone speaking it as a second language speaks the standard form of the language with a reasonably standard pronunciation , then by your logic they 're speaking it better than the native who speaks it with a dialect . 
   at the end of the day , languages are about communicating . 
  and if your dialect means you are not able to be understood by people outside of your regional speech pattern and your grammar bears little resemblance to your mother language , then yeah , you 're pretty bad at your supposed language . 
  who the fuck understands geordies , for example ? 
  yes , which is precisely what you 're missing , because someone speaking a dialect with another person who speaks another dialect then they can communicate more efficiently and more naturally than a someone who speaks perfectly standard english fluently as a 2nd language can communicate with anyone . 
  the only thing you can say some people are bad at , is speaking the standard form of the language , which is obviously not something they 're interested in doing , otherwise they 'd be bidialectical , which a reasonable number of people are . 
  speakers of swiss german dialects struggle to communicate with someone from hamburg unhindered , but they 're perfectly find talking amongst themselves . 
  i 'll also add that this whole thing goes two ways , there are plenty of dialect speakers in germany , many of them worse than geordies when it comes to understanding i 'm led to believe . 
  another thing that 's interesting , is that native speakers tend to understand dialects far more readily than 2nd language speakers , even the more fluent ones , so outsiders tend to exaggerate the severity the dialect impedes understanding amongst the community of speakers who speak that language natively . 
  to be fair , i can understand a reasonably thick geordie accent , despite never having lived there , simply because i was exposed to it occasionally as a child , which is something 2nd language speaker may not have experienced . 
  i 'm claiming to be superior ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  you 're the one going around saying that the average european speaks better english than the average native speaker in england . 
  that is literally a boast of superiority you 're making on behalf of europeans . 
  what you 're saying is exactly like saying that a foreigner who 's learnt standard hochdeutsch to a high level speaks better german than all germans with a dialect . 
  if we want to get factual here , in modern times we 've accepted that a native speaker can not speak their language badly , and that differences that may occur in different dialects are correct for those speakers . 
  by the same logic the average long term british ex-pat in germany speaks better germany than the average german , as long as they speak totally standard hochdeutsch and do n't have a dialect . 
  you forgot cologne , the gay capital , as well as the capital of casual alcoholism !, 
  yes , and this is bad new long term , however , the impacts of it have n't really trickled down the ordinary people yet . 
  furthermore the ftse 100 has rallied , which the result of new fiscal policy liable to be implemented by the bank of england , importantly qe and interest rate cuts . 
  meanwhile , the tories are going to give up their pledge of balancing the deficit by 2020 , and will cut corporation tax to boot . 
  long term downturn is bad , but short term capital injections to a market can get investors and speculators wet . 
  we 'll probably see impacts start to hit in the coming weeks , when the reduced currency value starts to impact fuel costs and then food costs . 
  that 's when we 'll see the first real impact of brexit on ordinary people . 
  right now there 's a lot of people speculating on brexit , betting that it will be bad or that it wo n't be as bad as people think , nobody is quite sure where it 'll end up , everyone knows that it 's not going to good in long term projections , there will inevitably be at downturn , however , people are speculating either on short term or on how bad they think it 's going to be , there 's money to be made if you think the market is overestimating or underestimating the ramifications . 
  this leads to quite contradictory effects . 
  for example , investors who are speculating that the brexit wo n't be that bad might invest capital into the country while the pound in down in the hope that it will later go up , on the other hand some people are selling sterling and uk assets in the hope they 'll depreciate soon . 
  i think he 's saying that pro-eu voices outside the uk are trying to make it look like it 's a complete disaster in the uk already . 
  in reality , we have n't even left yet , that disaster is still to come . 
  there 's no need to start spinning the disaster before it comes , you have the facts on your side because it 's coming , so just wait until it comes and then it will be apparent . 
  yeah , you may well be right . 
  i 'm not sure which nations will be most eager for the uk to actually do it . 
  a lot of us are hoping to retain freedom of movement , but we 'll just have to wait and see , if we do n't then i think as long as i 'm in germany i can stay , but all other eu countries will be closed off to me without a working visa like anyone coming from outside the eu . 
  the eu is just doing what is strategically best for the eu , which is to discourage the uk from leaving and making it as difficult as possible to do so , if the uk invokes art 50 , then the game will probably change to reaching a deal which makes leaving look unappealing but does n't hurt the economy too hard for it to have knock on global fallout . 
  no , i ca n't apply for a german passport for years . 
  we ca n't simply be deported though , i believe the maastricht treaty ensures we retain some right to reside , could mean being transferred to a visa though . 
  that or go home , have to wait and see what we get , could be many years still . 
  as for volk , yeah i know it 's singular i just used the wrong verb conjugation cos ' careless : /, 
  ah do n't worry , we 've already been doing it for years . 
  the sad thing is though that without the eu we 'd be even more dependant on the bloody yanks . 
  well i think it all hangs upon the possibility of a canada type deal . 
  if we 're really headed to a canada-like deal then i think invoking article 50 is a sensible choice . 
  the reality of a deal like this will depend on how big the impact on the economy is . 
  if the economic impact of trying to move a canada deal is too great to be a viable option , then i think there 's a good chance of the uk chickening out and having a 2nd referendum . 
  if the uk stays it says `` fuck you '' to roughly 52 % of its population , but if it stays in the eea and accepts freedom movement it says fuck you to them almost as badly and loses political power as well . 
  it makes logical sense to either stay or go , the compromise option of eea membership just has so many disadvantages and very few advantages . 
  i fear that geopolically leaving the eu long term could have impacts on the uk 's behaviour from an ethical perspective . 
  a move toward a more aggressive uk closer to the us in its geopolitical position . 
  in domestic politics , i fear a rise in the degree of nationalism , the degree to which our policies are just about putting uk nationals first , and a fundamental change in the atmosphere of our national culture . 
  at no point did i say they 'd have these negotiations in a formal setting . 
  anyway , it would n't really need negotiations . 
  point is , if the eu ( and its member states ) , wanted the uk to invoke article 50 , the easiest way to do this is to make clear what their position would be should the uk invoke it . 
  this would actually help the uk invoke it because they would be able to build a plan around that . 
  i fear that there 's a lot of irrational anti-british narrative going around on this sub-reddit now , suggesting that the eu ca n't wait to kick the uk out . 
  in reality , the uk not leaving , would be an optimal outcome for the eu . 
  if the uk votes to leave and does n't , it sends the message that leaving is a such a bad idea that countries are willing to piss off their voters massively just to avoid . 
  you just do n't understand the article at all . 
  if the article said `` the eu and eu member states are forbidden from discussing their potential positions prior to the invocation of article 50 '' then you 'd be right . 
  the eu does not want the uk to leave because the uk chickening out would be the most advantage outcome for the eu , both politically and economically . 
  you are simply wrong . 
  if you think all the eu nations are celebrating the uk 's exit , ca n't wait for it to happen , and are just desperate to speed things up but ca n't due to being bound by the treaty you 're completely mistaken . 
  oh and fyi as far i 'm concerned the eu is doing the right thing , which is making it harder for the uk to leave , discouraging them from doing it . 
  this shows other nations how hard it will be to leave if they follow suit . 
  i 'm not suggesting the uk should get `` special treatment '' . 
  but you just seem blind to the simple fact that the eu and their members could speed the process if they wanted , and there 's nothing in the treaty stopping them from doing that . 
  you also seem blind to the fact that the uk chickening out would be a good outcome for the eu . 
  personally i find myself concerned about the economic short term and the geopolitical long term . 
  long term the economy will be fine , it 's just that we 're giving ourselves a massively pointless setback for the next few years . 
  meh , i do n't know what the average person thinks , but it 's a misnomer to believe that a fast brexit will entail stability . 
  the economies on each side need time to adapt to the new situation . 
  it 's a bit like pulling a tooth , the simple logic might tell you that to pull out asap with a pair of pliers is the quickest way to get rid of the problem , but this also increases your chances of bleeding out a lot and it getting infected . 
  the smart money says to take your time and consult a dentist beforehand . 
  just because a country has a referendum does n't mean anything needs to happen and certainly nothing needs to happen immediately . 
  in fact if you look at the histories of referendums around europe through the last few decades tonnes have been ignored or repeated at a later date . 
  i do n't think you really understand what i 'm saying , nor what the text entails . 
   the fact that `` a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . '', 
  is the first sentence of the article 's second point is not anecdotal . 
  it 's because it is the first step of the process . 
  yes , that is true , i never said it was n't . 
  the uk has not invoked article 50 so right now it has n't made the solid decision on anything , as it stands , the uk has made an advisory referendum , and we 're waiting to see what happens next . 
  only parliament can invoke article 50 , the referendum is merely a weather vane . 
   in your mind , the uk should somehow be given - once again - special treatment , even though it ratified this treaty and so agreed to it . 
  wait one second there mate . 
  where the fuck did i say that i think the uk `` should '' be given special treatment . 
  you 're just spouting out some clich\u00e9 narrative that totally does n't reflect anything i 've said .
