  i think a lot of people have experienced poverty in the 70s and 80s though , and their assumption is that whatever is ca n't be worse than that . 
  i also think a lot of people the problems the uk has are social and not economic , and that a harsh shake up of the status quo is the only way to fix it even if it means losing wealth . 
  he wrote in english unaware of the irony . 
  have some words yo : knight iron nation vehicle soften, 
   taking your basic instincts and building morality on that seems to me to be very fragile and naive . 
  you do n't seem to get that morality is always built on instincts . 
  what makes something right or wrong ? 
  it only comes down to the intuitions people have when presented with something . 
  ethics has an unavoidable emotional component that ca n't be formulated rationally . 
  people have tried of course . 
  people like mill and kant came up with their formulas for morality , but they all result in absurdities when taken to their logical conclusions . 
  you 're saying empathy is bad for leaders . 
  someone with no empathy would just be a psychopath , and psychopaths lack the feeling that most people describe as morality . 
  very over simplistic . 
  the reality is that rationality ca n't tell you what is right and wrong . 
  you ca n't logically derive a belief like `` it 's wrong to kill people in public for sneezing '' . 
  all our morality is derived from intuitions really . 
  sure you can say the only reason for anyone to behave in a moral way is self-interest . 
  but does that mean when it ceases to be in your self interest not to kill people then it 's fine ? 
  i would hope that our leaders value human life and are n't just pretending to be decent people to get power . 
  i think a better attempt would have been to run a modest but confidant campaign that did n't make it seem like may was hiding , but yeah , the bar was very low but they still stacked it . 
  yes , it 's more complicated i just do n't want people to get the impression that forex is simply about people changing money into different currencies because they need to spend those currencies . 
  come across some strange views on economics on reddit quite often and a lot of it fuels bad political agendas imo . 
   actually most are done because businesses require currency for their international operations that 's not true . 
  while lots of money does get changed by business it actual only account for a small amount of the fx market , although it effects long term shifts it 's not that interesting when it comes to the value . 
  most of the movement is speculative . 
   hedging of currency risk this is just speculation . 
  just a different kind of speculation . 
  i 'm sorry you 're old and irrelevant . 
  keep hating on younger people , we 'll keep being born and you will grow slowly weaker and with that all the ideas and things you hold sacred , we will trample on everything you desperately cling to and rebuild it in our own image , just like every generation before us did . 
  and quit your whinging you entitled old timer . 
  remove norman remove norman you are worst viking . 
  you are the scandinavian idiot you are the fish smell . 
  return to norway . 
  to our gaulish cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , normandy we will never forgeve you . 
  french rascal fuck but fuck asshole viking stink norman sqhipere shqipare . . rollo death best day of life . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the norman farm aminal with rap magic now we the saxon rule . ape of the zoo king rollo fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and normandy wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  wessex greattst countrey, 
  if anyone asks me to explain british politics i 'm just going to show them [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkjgatytwm4 ) and be done with it . 
  people do n't care . 
  one thing that has become clear is that the british people are bloody-minded and not give a shit if you threaten them with the the apocalypse . 
  i think the uk has felt that it 's been constantly in decline since the end of ww2 , so things going to shit does n't scare them . 
  lots of people here are seemingly bewildered at the uk voting `` against '' its interests . 
  maybe some countries would take that mentality when it comes to politics , given that brexit is now underway they would vote in a strong government regardless for the national interest regardless of their own politics . 
  but that 's not how the uk electorate thinks . 
  the reality is a lot of people are angry about brexit , and do n't want to give may the mandate to crash the country out of the eu as she was planning to . 
  twice in a row now the tories have gambled and lost . 
  they do n't seem to be able to understand that these days people do n't support parties . 
  they hate politicians generally and are mistrustful of them , so given the chance to undermine them the public will jump at the chance . 
  actually this result means the opposite of that . 
  with a strong majority the tories would be full steam ahead brexit . 
  now it 's become considerably more complicated . 
  what this has to do with your spurious suggestion that the uk is a us puppet i do n't fucking know . 
  seems to me that a us puppet would n't have just had the biggest surge in left-wing support for decades . 
  ca n't win with some people , you just want to spout some anti-uk rhetoric regardless of what happens . 
  we want a system that works for us . 
  the uk likes to work . 
  thus our economy functions . 
  we are happy to pay taxes , and we want a society that works for us in return . 
  that means free at delivery healthcare for everyone , that means the opportunity for gifted kids to study without accruing large costs . 
  reality is that other rich countries in europe , see germany , netherlands , denmark etc. 
  have better systems that work in the favour of the people . 
  britain has constantly been told that they ca n't have that because large government is evil . 
  we 've been told we ca n't nationalise rail and now the german government owns half our railways . 
  it 's bs and people have had enough . 
  nobody wants to be massively socialist , we just want to spend the fruits of economic successes on people instead of lining the pockets of billionaires . 
  crazy ideas like the 5th biggest economy in the world being able to afford to invest in the health and education of its people . 
  are you joking ? 
  do you know who margret thatcher was ? 
  uk fucking loves strong female leaders . 
  that 's what all the tories were hoping for from may . 
  the problem is that whereas margret thatcher was outspoken , witty , and somewhat charismatic , with a personality that meant love her or hate her you had to take a stand , may has come across as delusional , weak , and boring with a personality that is simply not there . 
  we have a different democratic system . 
  it 's not about which party has the most votes , it 's about how many regions they win . 
  that means that if 60 % of people voted for a party across the whole country then that party would have 100 % of the regions and thus control the whole of parliament ( this never happens of course ) . 
  there are six hundred and something regions in the uk . 
  the tories have fewer than half . 
  it means none of the parties did well enough to have a majority share of the vote in parliament . 
  so no party can push through laws by themselves and need to enter a coalition . 
  tory and lib dem coalition was n't that bad because the lib dems did moderate them . 
  sadly nobody likes a `` side kick '' , and lib dems had a legacy of promising what younger voters are crying out for ( progressive policy combined with moderate social investment ) , so everyone decided to hate them when they did n't deliver on all their policies despite their only being a small part of a coalition . 
  strong sapir-whorfian hypotheses are n't taken seriously by linguists anywhere , do n't know why they 're so popular in the public imagination . 
  of course there are many similarities between european languages , almost all being heavily influenced by proto-indo-european and then later things like latin . 
  asian languages are obviously vastly different . 
  [ pfff nice try , but still amateur level stuff ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/5a/32/b6/5a32b6c8d594829c58131c0dfc53d968.jpg ), 
   london is special and out of comparison . 
  its absurd rents are caused mainly by the fact that uk consists of london and not that much more . 
  except no really as the rent in much of the uk exceeds that of germany . 
  i ca n't read you 're link it 's behind a paywall . 
   and its presence itself indicates rent increase problem . 
  this is self-evident . 
  but it also means rents are lower than average . 
  can you not see how that is true ? 
  in a city centre in germany you can picked a studio for 400 euros . 
  do you know how absurdly cheap that is compared to equally sized / wealthy cities in most other countries . 
  i mean you 're obsessed with trying to say rental control means rents are high . 
  no that is bs . 
  they would be high without rent control .
