  to be true , i have a bad opinion about them . 
  how many lies have been busted ? 
  is there anything in this campaign that was n't a lie , half-truth or just fear-mongering ? 
  and how did they react ? 
  did they remove the government openly lying to them ? 
  or there is no such thing as absolute truth regarding a hypothetical future situation and in reality nobody can really know how brexit will end up and everyone was stating what they thought would happen through their ideological lens . 
  i suppose we should have a future telling device to verify statements about the future . 
  i 'm not even denying there were n't toxic narratives or unrealistic ideologies at play , but the idea that it 's black and white like you 're suggesting is over simplistic and foolish . 
   rom trying to explain your brexit vote with sane but obviously made-up reasons , most brexiteers switched to meaningless rhetoric like `` germany wants to built the 4th reich '' . 
  or to comments like this discussion is based on `` they suck the life out of you , to get rich ! '' . 
  another naivety the eu were guilty of . 
  ca n't deny the narrative of germany control of the union was n't an influential part of the eurosceptic argument ... and look at the generation that voted for it : elderly people who were children when the bombs were falling over britain or grew up with parents with clear memories of those times and maybe even fought in the war . 
  is their suspicion of a political union led by germany as its primary economic power anything but natural ? 
  germany murdered over 6 million people in cold blood and threw the entire world into a catastrophic war within living memory . 
  is that meaningless ? 
  is it required that all be forgiven ? 
  or is distrust amongst the older generation a natural product of the events that happened at that time . 
  again you dismiss people 's natural concerns rather than realise that people can not be the problem . 
  your dismissal of germanophobia in this generation as without ground is deeply concerning . 
   so what ? 
  opposing to the general sentiment in the uk the eu is n't ruling a country . 
  it was the job of your government to counter these problems . 
  but instead of solving those problems - like many other countries in the eu did - they fucked up and blamed the eu . 
  murdoch , farage and friends saw this and took the opportunity . 
  nope , but such populations tried changing around the government and it did n't work , so they voted for massive change to address what they saw as valid problems with their situation , and you 're hating them for it , which is incredibly myopic . 
  the number of old people you see looking through bins for bottles to claim the deposit on them is already worrying frankly . 
  no offence , but to me it strikes me as a concerning need to control your environment in a way that is n't really possible for humans . 
  the reality is that if the risk of breaking your glasses is lower than what you pay for insurance then you 're actually being taken for a ride by an irrational fear . 
  it 's more like the common german `` fear '' . 
  live healthily for all your life , do n't smoke , do n't drink , do n't do drugs , get run over by the bus . 
  and yet the solution for germans is always more security , instead of coming to terms with their existential angst they just want more and more assurances and insurances . 
  in fact , the average german household seems to spend more on insurance than anywhere . 
  no politicians actually want to reduce immigration , it 's profitable for the nation , it 's just the unhappy people in middle england who are against it . 
   i 'm sorry that this is no contradiction for you , because this seems to reveal that you have a very obstructed view on reality . 
  you 're the one with an obstructed view of reality . 
  the reality is that if those areas of britain that voted brexit had seen mass prosperity due to the eu investment then it would n't have mattered what lies murdoch 's media wrote . 
  you 're being typical and blaming it on media and people being stupid , which shows what a low opinion you must have of britain and its people . 
  the reality is that the eu never impressed the british people , it 's presence never seemed to directly contribute to its prosperity . 
  you can blame the tories or austerity or whatever , but it 's not like the eu managed to address the problems where the uk government did n't . 
  brexit is a failure of the eu , whichever way you look at it , but instead redefining the discourse with brexit in mind , you 're burying your head in the sand and blaming brits , even treating them hostility , as if this were some capitalist plot to undermine your glorious socially democratic union . 
  well as far as i 'm concerned your attitude sucks . 
  you 're basically turning the eu into a nationalistic club that plays off all dissent as sabotage . 
  which such a myopic attitude it 's no wonder that pockets of euroscepticism are simmering across europe . 
  it 's all us and them , let 's hate trump the great enemy , all the dissatisfaction that has led to populism is unfounded , if people do n't succeed in our wonderful union it 's not because the odds are stacked against them , it 's their own fault . 
  it will be interesting what you will say if corbyn gets elected and britain ends up having a left wing brexit . 
  will you still be calling britain the evil capitalistic power that seeks to undermine the eu , or will you find some other narrative about britons wanting extra sausage or some other bullshit to explain away ordinary people 's dissatisfied voices . 
  maybe it 's that you simply do n't want to acknowledge that fact that had the eu worked better for britain , murdoch and his cronies would n't have been able to paint them in such a negative light , and populism would n't have taken hold in the first place ( although i 'm sure you 'll blame on the stupid uneducated brits who have n't been taught to think right , else they 'd agree with other european nations on everything right ? ) . 
  much of the eu seems to be taking a martyrish stance and defending their actions as ultimately fair , telling anyone that does n't have faith in their actions that they 're wrong . 
  here 's a harsh reality . 
  a political union that ca n't even convince the popular vote in a referendum that they 're worth staying in is doing something wrong , and i say this as someone who supports the eu . 
   well , i guess you reap what you sow , is n't it ? 
  ah yes , because an ever so slight majority vote to leave what is currently little more than a loose political union and single market mechanism , all britons are henceforth `` reaping what they sow '' when they 're shouted down as traitors being `` wilfully destructive '' to any discourse they contribute to on the topic of the eu . 
  if anything , through your utter dismissal of british input , are exhibiting nationalism . 
  a bizarre kind of eu nationalism , maybe , but the irrational type of with us or against thinking that nationalists exhibit nonetheless . 
   you do n't need to wonder about people starting to get pissed of when brits ca n't stop to add fuel to any anti-eu discussion . 
  britons being critical of the eu ? 
  my god , it must be an active attempt to sabotage our beautiful union and not earnest people who have an earnest difference of opinion voicing those opinions as they are entitled to . 
  they definitely deserve being shouted down and told their opinions are worthless and destructive . 
  it worries me frankly some the angry irrational discourse i 've seen from eu ideologues in europe since brexit . 
  the reality is that rather than acknowledge people 's concerns you 'd rather quieten their voices and pretend that many countries euroscepticism has no basis whatsoever . 
   a single market means everybody can emigrate . 
  yes in principle . 
  but let 's not pretend it 's the same in reality . 
  anyone without a decent vocational education would struggle to find work in most of europe . 
  in fact , the uk is a preferred destination for these types of workers because they can join the job market and immediately be on equal footing with local workers , whereas most european countries operate systems that prevent that . 
  it would be very difficult for a supermarket worker in romania find somewhere to live in germany and immediately start work on a similar pay grade in germany , whereas in the uk that is currently very realistic . 
  just because in principle anyone can move around the eu does not remotely mean that that is the case in practice . 
  in fact , it 's absurd to think it is the same in practice given the financial risk and expense of migration . 
  not to mention things like language barrier which , while surmountable for educated workers , make it very hard for less educated workers . 
  the eu , as ever , is a project of contradictions . 
  arguably unless labour markets are deregulated across the eu and greater equivalency encouraged to allow even freer movement of labour in practice then many countries are only following the letter of , but the not the spirit of , the laws allowing freedom of movement . 
  ah yes , everyone who has a british flag next to their username is no longer allowed to have any input because we 're all traitors and ca n't be trusted . 
  grow up kiddo . 
  honestly the best bet for these cities in essentially london overflow . 
  the more infrastructure improves , and the more expensive and thus less appealing london becomes the more business will be willing to move to a secondary city . 
  sadly it 's not in london 's interest to let this business go north if they can avoid it , and people constantly work to maintain centralisation without necessarily even being aware of it . 
  sadly birmingham suffers from poor infrastructure and perceived low social capital , and manchester suffers from being too far from london . 
  both cities suffer from the fact that outside of their most central areas a lot of the cities are n't the kind of places high earners want to spend their weekends . 
  that said , manchester is obviously pretty vogue right now and i read somewhere that birmingham has some of the best employment opportunities in the country in growth sectors like it . 
  hate to say it but the legacy of the 70s implanted irrationality towards nuclear in the netherlands and germany . 
  sadly it happened at a time when climate change was n't well understood . 
  it also did n't hurt that there was a lot of coal industry near the rhine valley / ruhrgebiet and nuclear distracted from that . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  new sources exist , people have the freedom to choose what they want to purchase and what they agree with . 
  what do you expect countries to do ? 
  nationalise the news ? 
  regulate it and stop opinions from spreading . 
  taking your america example , is it surprising that a country with a large right wing population with right wing views on things publishes right wing news with an agenda that supports that right wing view . 
  is it surprising that hard line right wingers read every little problem as a sign that a more left wing / liberal institution is failing . 
  you act like this kinda manipulative agenda pushing does n't happen in the media of other countries . 
  i can assure you that it does . 
  maybe they 're more subtle about it than the daily mail but it 's present in every new source , nationalistic bias , manipulation of the facts to present a certain narrative . 
  no to mention how much news is on the internet now , people have complete freedom to choose and if they want to believe infowars then they can . 
  anyway , i 'm not denying that the media are scum , this is almost universally the case , what i resent is your citing of american sources for a british narrative , as if britain and the us were somehow the same country / culture and were accountable for each others news . 
  the murdoch media empire is an international private interest not limited to the culture `` anglosphere '' , which is an incredibly loose cultural grouping based pretty much solely on the national language . 
  it has very little to do with the `` anglosphere '' and what it does have to do with it is entirely incidental . 
   i mean , feel free to be outraged , it 's your right . 
  but do n't think no one 's noticing the bigger picture here . 
  so you 're a conspiracy theorist suckling at the teat of the russian media then , because that 's what you sound like mate ... let 's go anglo bashing , let 's go lumping vastly different cultures with some vague historical connection with one another in an attempt create an us and them narrative . 
  let 's hold britain to account for what is published in fucking new york by people with a completely different political agenda .
