  history has shown time and time again that protectionism does n't work . 
  most eu countries have benefited massively from less restrictions . 
  i suppose you 'd want to go back to the days of trade tariffs and protectionist anti-competition taxes to ensure only people who speak your language and look the same as you get whatever money is in your country , how pathetic . 
  oh and your solution of , keep it in the family so that companies must fight over unskilled labour therefore keeping prices artificially high is just so realistic . 
  i 'm sure that companies will be dying to bring their business to the uk if they have to pay far more money for the work than in poland . 
  all they 'll do it take the work to the poles rather than poles coming here for the work . 
  your economic model is pure protectionism , and frankly that does not make economic sense . 
  it might make economic sense for you if you work a low skilled job that foreigners can take , but for the overall economy and everyone else it does not make sense . 
  you are fighting a tide of globalism that will not abate just because you try to dig your heels in , protectionist policies will make the economy weaker overall , however embracing it will make the economy stronger , and it 's in that political sphere that we should work to push the flow of money down to the least fortunate , not by economically gimping ourselves . 
  what 's so stupid is that there are countries far larger than the uk or germany in which freedom of movement is far easier and yet they do n't have problems with all the people in poor areas stealing jobs from the poor in richer areas . 
  i 'm sorry but you are a classic example of the ignorant xenophobia that fights against eu freedom of movement . 
  hell , i have no idea why you think a british working class person deserves a cushy job over a portuguese person or a polish person . 
  british jobs for british workers right ? 
  there 's a nasty underlying nationalism to your argument that simply ca n't be taken seriously . 
  we are meant to be a unified economic area , that means eu economy  looking after your own , it 's the overall that counts , no some individuals who wrongly feel entitled to an easier life on the basis of where they were born or the language their parents spoke . 
  fyi we have something called the minimum wage . 
  most of the job these immigrants are taking are already at the minimum wage . 
  it 's straight up illegal for immigrants to work for less the minimum wage . 
  if they are doing so we should clamp down on that and not on eu immigration . 
  the idea of keeping low skill jobs ' wages up creating an artificial labour shortage in a globalised economy by keeping out willing and hardworking workers eager for the chance to work is what does n't make economic sense . 
  eu immigrants contribute far more in taxes than they take out , furthermore they grow the size of a country countering dwindling population rates in many countries . 
  i 'm sorry if a few low skill workers feel as if they now have to compete with polish factory and agricultural workers for employment but frankly they are in the minority . 
  if these people want to improve their lot campaign to raise the minimum wage . 
  unemployment statistics are not drastically bad , eu immigration has had virtually no effect on it . 
  you 're just parroting the typical `` they took our jerbs '' bullshit that has no basis in reality . 
  i 'll also add that you are free to move to a country with better wages and employment prospects than the uk or wherever you may live . 
  i do n't know why anyone would want to stop eu immigration and free movement within the eu . 
  as far as i 'm concerned anyone who is against it is nothing but a straight up xenophobe . 
  in the uk i get the vibe that the parties like ukip only hate eu immigration on principle because they hate all immigration and the eu is an easy target because it does n't get them labelled as racist . 
  frankly i think eu immigrants have been nothing but a bonus for everyone . 
  it 's nice to see fellow europeans moving around and bringing their culture with them . 
  for the most we share values and cultural similarities far more than we do n't . 
  the idea that romanian immigrants are flooding the uk and causing crime and poverty is such a myth . 
  i 've barely seen a romanian immigrant . 
  i have however seen thousands of good polish immigrants , portuguese immigrants and such who want nothing more than to work , opening caf\u00e9s and shops in areas that are in need to increased vibrancy . 
  they integrate well and make the place more interesting . 
  taking the ethics of helping people from war torn , impoverished place out of the equation , i 'd rather see 50,000 eu immigrants than 10,000 3rd world immigrants who often have a hard time integrating , form ghettos and push down the value of areas . 
  edit : i understand the need to take some immigrants from outside europe for ethical reasons , but from a purely practical perspective eu immigrants do far more good than they do bad . 
  the thing is it would be impossible for the money that moves through london to be shared between the other european main players without germany and france adopting a policy equivalent to the uk . 
  france and germany would never do this though because it would be shooting themselves in the foot , as it would allow the big german and french industries to get away with paying less tax and therefore mean more money moving offshore . 
  it would also put their money at risk as far as they 're concerned , due to a differing economic attitude . 
  one of the main reason the uk is able to get away with such a deregulated financial market it because it 's less reliant on industry , it does n't need to be so protective and can offer the best interest rates . 
  i hate to say it but really one of the reasons investors have chosen london is because the uk has shown time and time again that it actually puts banking above the national interest , that 's one of the reasons it 's so trusted to act as a world bank , because when it comes down to it , the uk would rather it 's own people would lose out than reduce foreign interest in the country . 
  it 's the same with civil law , the uk typically will use a light approach even when a company or bank has been shown to be doing something unethical ( as most multinationals and big banks are always doing somewhere ) . 
  this builds trust in london , because it behaves more like international city than a nation . 
  sure people know that the german or french system is pretty fair , but what they want is a fairness and a light touch , they do not want the government stepping in and fining them out the arsehole if the make a misstep . 
  germany can and will make foreign companies pay for the privilege of operating in germany , in the uk they are more open to foreign investment . 
  i would like so see the eu given more power and even federalisation of the european union into a proper federation . 
  the trouble is how do you make it so that policy will be made in the economic interest of all the member states , and the eu overall , without compromising the wealth of one nation over another . 
  ultimately , it 's been shown that countries will act in their own interest . 
  i do not trust that germany and france will not implement legislation that would be their own advantage but at the disadvantage of the uk if given more power , because currently they have the controlling vote in the eu parliament . 
  most european countries are dismissive of the uk because they think we 're just america 's 51st state anyway and not acting in the greater interest , however , it should be acknowledged that our circumstances are different , and that the uk 's attitude to the eu is n't entirely irrational . 
  sure there are a few ukipers who hate the eu purely out of principal , but if you talk to any major uk financial player they see a brexit as nothing but a disaster for the british economy , all they 're concerned about it keeping continental hands off their profit margins . 
  i do n't know what you mean by centralised ? 
  the point is that the eu 's finance is not centralised , each country currently has more or less free reign over their banking sector . 
  germany regulates quite heavily because it 's in its national interest to regulate , they do not rely on foreign money choosing the use german banks over other countries , it 's really just regulating german business in doing so . 
  germany produces physical products for the world market and for some reason many germans seem to think this is more legitimate way of making money than using sheer intelligence and risk to provide returns on banking investment . 
  if london was as heavily regulated as germany the money would simply move to new york , and money destined for the eu would be split between paris , london and frankfurt . 
  i do n't know why you 're bringing up colonialism , no offence , but it does sound like the kind of smugness that you hear from anti-uk german politicians ( as if germany had n't tried to build an empire twice and destroyed europe in the process ) . 
  it 's simply that the london has a financial legacy and has gained the trust of the world when it comes to banking and finance , hell most of america will insure themselves in the uk simply because they know that the legal system there is less subject to home ground advantages , when countries want to sign international contracts they will often do so in london because they see the british civil law system as being fairer than any alternatives , even the us . 
  absolutely nothing to do with colonialism , if anything colonialism should mean that world distrusts the uk and wants nothing to do with them , when in fact it 's the opposite . 
  the strong ties london has with the world of international finance are the products of centuries of fair play ( at least when it comes to money ) , and not imposition by the uk 's military exploits . 
  when it comes down to it the financial sector is more important to britain than even the eu , we 're not going to give up 20 % of our economy because some german politician thinks we should be building cars or trains in a good honest fashion rather than playing the markets . 
  until it 's no longer in german interests , or in line with germany 's misguided ethics , not to usurp london 's financial dominance then britain and germany can not be allies within the eu . 
  well yes hsbc are bastards but there are host of other international banks that ca n't compete with the cartel of german banks in germany because of their protective laws . 
  this is why the german financial sector is only worth a pittance compared to the uk one despite the german economy being 1/3 to 1/4 larger than the uk ( roughly 1 trillion us dollars larger ) . 
  it 's not british money that makes this difference but rather asian and american money moving through london , sometimes on its way to the rest of the eu . 
  however finance has always been are core of the british economy , even back when the uk had strong manufacturing industry . 
  many german politicians would like nothing more than to get their hands on a share of that wealth despite germany 's gdp per capital ( ppp ) being higher 46,216 vs 39,826 . 
  if britain lost it 's ability to be used as the world 's bank it would be devastating for the british economy , and britain 's wealth could well be reduced to that of a nation like spain . 
  all because some smug moralistic german politician could convince themselves that they were justified in regulating our markets from brussels because of the typical germanic fear of playing the finance game . 
  it 's cool to hate on bankers , yes , but ultimately they make money from doing what no one else while financial conservatism may well serve you well in times of economic recession it did not necessarily help german back in the 90s and early 00s when cities like berlin were super bankrupt . 
  we can agree though , that anything that takes the nationalism out the eu political sphere would be a boon for the eu , however it 's very difficult when everyone thinks they 're the ones providing the real value economically and the other countries are just cheating to get their money , as is the case with britain and germany 's opposing approaches to economics . 
  well exactly seems you know all this full well and see there 's no point acting like the uk is the bad guy and somehow germany is superior . 
  i question how this version of the eu can work when really each country has its own interests at heart . 
  i would prefer the eu to consist of supranational parties following a political agenda , just like national politics , than so many small cliques of meps following national agendas . 
  fyi 20 % of the uk economy is is finance , principally international finance , however germany 's banking is primarily national . 
  you wo n't see a hsbc branch in germany ( well almost never ) , because the laws are configured such that it 's almost impossible for them to enter the german market . 
  the die deutsche kreditwirtschaft is basically a cartel to ensure germans bank in germany and that 's the only way the financial sector is kept alive . 
  they were the ones who made the ec card which is basically a necessity if you want to use your debit card anywhere in germany . 
  it 's also why germany is the only major country i know of where you still will be charged for using the atm at a different bank from your own because they can control it and inflict these costs onto the german people . 
  a nice little earner for the german bankers who simply write laws to suit their profits . 
  germany has nothing to lose from increasing financial regulation since most their economy is in industry and manufacturing . 
  the uk 's greatest fear is that extending eu power will allow them to meddle with our financial sector in order to more evenly spread the flow of money in and out of the eu through other places like frankfurt and paris . 
  this could destroy london 's status as the world 's largest , or 2nd largest depending on how you measure it , financial city putting the uk at a major disadvantage . 
  the only ally the uk has in this regard is the netherlands and even then only half of the time , not to mention the netherlands being a far smaller country in comparison to uk , de and fr . 
  as long as this continues the uk policy will remain the same , the uk does want to stay in the eu , it 's only a few dumb nationalists who really want out . 
  however most of the uk is anti-eu in the sense they do not want to see the eu to be given greater powers , if anything they 'd want those power reduced . 
  it still suits the uk economically to be within the eu , however giving more power to berlin will only lead to money leaving the uk for german ( and to a lesser extent french ) pockets . 
  germany still has some good things , for example free education but it 's not enough to make out like germany has the moral high ground when they are just as shamelessly self interested . 
  the difference between german and british policy in the eu and generally can be entirely explained by history and circumstance . 
  german has been destroyed by war twice and is therefore vehemently anti-military , the uk has been on the winning side of most wars in the last century and therefore is not . 
  germany has a declining population and a cheap labour shortage therefore is pro immigration , the uk has seen massive immigration since ww2 and therefore is not . 
  germany has suffered some serious economic troubles in living memory and is therefore incredibly economically cautious and protective , while the uk has historically been a centre of finance and has suffered fewer major economic upsets and therefore is not as cautious . 
  hell , even in regard to this matter , the uk is a producer of oil and was until recently a net producer , german is not and depends on russia more . 
  i mean seriously so much of the policy differences can be put down to one simple thing , national self-interest , and while this plays such a role i do n't see the eu growing into the balanced overall advantageous super state it was intended to be . 
  ah yes , the system that expects homeless people who 've fallen off the grid to pay back their insurance costs for all the years they 've been without it since it 's against the law to be uninsured , thus excluding them from the system . 
  also the country that is just as concerned about preventing eu migrants from claiming its precious benefits as the uk is . 
  the country that shits itself over clean nuclear energy and would prefer to burn coal . 
  the country where every single city is full to the brim with pensioners out rifling through bins for the pfandflaschen to supplement their meagre pensions while fighting off the legitimately homeless .
