  in fact , where did i say i think it 's a bad thing that the eu is not informally negotiating with the uk before article 50 is invoked ( personally i think it 's a smart move that they do n't ) . 
  however , it would n't be `` special treatment '' to informally negotiate with the uk before they 've actually done anything , if you think it is then you clearly do n't understand anything at all . 
  just because the treaty says `` a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . '', 
  does n't mean anything , the member state in question , the uk , has not yet decided to withdraw . 
  you do n't seem to see the simple political facts here . 
  if the eu wanted the uk out of the eu as soon as possible then the logical step would be start informal negotiations so the uk could gain some insight into what its situation is and start preparing for the change . 
  that does n't mean offering the uk a `` sweet deal '' , just making their position clear , even if that position is harsh as possible , would allow the uk to better prepare to invoke the article . 
  as it stands they are not doing that , so they are not facilitating the uk 's leaving . 
   i do n't think you realise that this is not simply about the uk , this is about the process of withdrawing from the eu as outlined in the treaty of lisbon . 
  this is the first time that this process will be used and any decisions taken will influence all and every future application of article 50 . 
  the eu can not allow talks to begin until it has been formally notified , because it would imply that it is possible to use it to blackmail the eu into getting what you want . 
  diplomacy is not reddit , it 's not simply politics . 
  the wording of the article was made explicit for a reason . 
  it has to be respected . 
  you 're just saying words now my friend , and they mean very little . 
  nothing about the treaty says anything about how the eu has to act or how member states have to act . 
  that said , yes what happens now will set a precedent for any future article 50 invocations . 
  by refusing the uk informal negotiations or assurances , the eu ( and its member states ) take the strongest position possible to discourage the uk ( and any future potential leavers ) from leaving the eu , which is both logical and strategically smart . 
  have you even read that law ? 
  i 'm actually curious about what you think it actually means . 
  official negotiations wo n't begin until article 50 is invoked , but there 's no reason why the eu , and individuals within the eu , ca n't act in ways that will help facilitate the uk 's leaving before it is invoked . 
  right now they 're playing hardball , demanding article 50 immediately , refusing all negotiations formal or informal , germany , france , and italy have all supported the refusal of informal negotiations with these countries directly . 
  they are doing this deliberately because they want it to be hard for the uk to leave , they do n't want to make invoking the article seem easy . 
  if they wanted the uk out asap they 'd act in ways that would clarify to the uk what situation they 'll be in after its invocation . 
  there is absolutely no reason they ca n't do that now , except for it not being in their interests . 
  the treaty does n't mean what you think it means . 
  you have to look at it strategically though , ironically , demanding that the uk trigger article 50 immediately with no prior negotiation is the strongest position the eu can take to discourage the uk from doing it . 
  giving the uk prior negotiations and assurances is the best way to give the uk enough confidence to actually pull the trigger . 
  i agree , i do n't understand why people are downvoting me for pointing out what `` old school grammar pedants '' say . 
  personally , i just think it 's funny that there are still people who complain about `` they '' and `` their '' being used as a gender neutral singular . 
  they 'd probably say that just because it 's been used does n't mean it 's right . 
  this is n't surprising . 
  hsbc has strong ties with asia . 
  even if the uk did lose its eu financial services passport it would n't be hard for them to keep their hq in london and move what they needed to overseas . 
  notice they have n't ruled out job losses or moving any business to europe , if the uk left the eea then everyone is going to need to move some things out of the uk . 
  leaving the eu is a big threat to the banks , yet , do n't expect the financial sector in london to crumble , even if the brexit is a harsh split . 
  the financial sector in london is vast , many many times that of frankfurt 's and paris 's combined , lots of that money is international money , not merely eu money , so a harsh brexit would only mean shrinkage , and even with that london would still remain a major world financial centre . 
  the people hit hardest from any of this will be the poor and uneducated demographics , the banks will reorganise while still making a enough money to pay their salaries and give themselves bonuses regardless . 
  when the economy hits recession it will mean further austerity and tax hikes . 
  ironically though , these were the demographics most heavily in favour of leaving : /, 
  not if you talk to the old school grammar pedants . 
  he or she + his or her . 
  the eu ca n't do that , it would be terrible for them . 
  if the eu forces the uk 's hand then they 'll be to blame for all the negative consequences that follow . 
  if the uk leaves , the eu has to let the uk tie the noose around its own neck . 
  as for britain 's power in the eu , it does n't really have any . 
  the majority does n't really want to leave frankly . 
  i think if we did a 2nd referendum today we 'd see a remain win . 
  a lot of leave voters voted that way simply because they believed the leave politicians and thought we 'd all be singing patriotic anthems , drinking tea , and planning how to spend that 350 million a week on the nhs by now . 
  also a lot of those who do want to leave are n't very committed to the position , the reason leave won in the first place is because of all the politically disinterested people who turned up and saw it as a toss up between `` the union jack guys '' and the `` foreigns '' . 
  there 's also all the lazy idiots who did n't vote , would 've preferred the status quo , and are now kicking themselves for not voting due to their naive belief it would never happen anyway . 
  even then it was only a 1.9 % majority in an advisory referendum . 
  lots of french and german media interests are now acting like britain must leave immediately , otherwise either the eu will boot them out or nigel farage will win a majority in the next general election . 
  this is just nonsense , and i think it stems from the fact that merkel and hollande would love the uk lose its influence in the eu either by a complete divorce or by demoting itself to the eea . 
  if the eu booted the uk out it would be the worst international relations catastrophe in recent times . 
  it would put all the blame for the coming hard times on the eu , the uk has to hang itself by its own noose . 
  furthermore , even if the government came out and said `` screw you we 're staying '' the support for ukip would only be a matter of few percent . 
  a bad outcome for everyone , but due to the first past the post system would n't even make that much difference . 
  obviously , if they do try to avoid leaving it wo n't be as untactful as just saying `` screw you '' . 
  ukip is still a fringe party in the uk , and although the major parties supporting remain would push many people to the fringe , the uk electorate is n't all going to jump over to ukip just for this reason , ukip is the party that supported the privatisation of the nhs for christ 's sake !, 
  they 're just an antagonist . 
  honestly , i 'm thinking of starting a screenplay . 
  yeah you 'd probably have to hand over a bunch of money to a makler , just another example of over regulated european false markets !, 
  seriously though , the banks run the uk and the banks will never let the uk leave the eea . 
  the eu is irrelevant in this . 
  the guys feeling screwed are the most powerful corporation and financial interests in the world , i think if anyone is able to know how things really it works its them . 
  not some notion of voter emotional betrayal . 
  that 's pretty much how it already is , the uk constantly lacking any support for its own suggestions , and merely supporting those votes it actually thinks are beneficial to itself , and blocking those it does n't . 
  it does n't require allies , i do n't think you really understand what 's go on . 
  as long as the uk does not trigger article 50 then the eu has no grounds on which it remove rights from the uk . 
  the outcome of an advisory referendum has not legal grounds whatsoever . 
  i do n't have time right now to respond to your whole comment but i think you put far more faith in the words of politicians than i. 
  you are a fool if you favour # 2 , and politicians will agree with me rather than you . 
  when the job losses start hitting their own countries people will get pissed off . 
  when greece and italy and other places need more bails outs it only throws fuel on the eurosceptic fire . 
  i do n't think you really want another recession , it 's simply a price not worth playing . 
  the uk is a similar position because they 'll have to accept the eu 's terms for eea access , since the uk does not want another recession either . 
  eea does punish the uk a lot , because while the idiots might see it as a victory , the governments of europe will look at them and think why the fuck would you do that to yourself . 
  norway has eea membership for very specific economic reasons . 
  the uk would just disadvantage itself and make itself less relevant globally . 
  as far as i see it , if the uk does n't leave then everything stays the same , if the uk does leave then everything stay put expect the uk no longer calls any shots . 
  it 's not a bad situation for the eu . 
  you seem to be talking very emotionally . 
  i 'm not talking about emotions here . 
  what the people you talk to want does n't really matter , yes there are a few ragers against the uk who see it as an affront and think they should boot them out . 
  that is n't how politics works though . 
  it is n't about feelings . 
  first thing you have to remember is that the uk right now has all the rights it previously had , if it does n't actually art 50 then they ca n't really strip the uk of them , and doing so would be foolish anyway , since it would just increase the probability of british exit , and turn the british public more against the eu . 
  it 's far more sensible to not rock the boat and hope they uk chickens out . 
  if they do chicken out then it makes the eu look strong , and has no drawbacks . 
  the best way to make the uk scared is to refuse negotiations of any kind before article 50 is invoked . 
  if the eu wanted to encourage the uk to actually leave then they 'd be fine with negotiating , because that would give the government and business the confidence to actually do it , and speed up the process . 
  none of the politicians think that ukip will get power next election , they 've only ever had one party member . 
  they were n't even officially involved with the campaign . 
  do n't conflate ukip and the leave movement . 
  ukips only power is to annoy the meps , and they do n't really have real power anyway . 
  neither side want a recession in the uk , as that would probably set the eurozone on fire as well , economics are politicians number one priority , they just ca n't tell their voters that or they would n't get elected . 
  in reality , the eu will not punish the uk unless they invoke article 50 , if they do invoke article 50 they will punish them by giving them eea status , with no political power in the eu and no freedom of movement , this also makes leaving look like a dumb idea , since it will show that all leaving does is screw over your geopolitical situation . 
  not giving the uk eea status would be very stupid on their behalf , as it would extremely aggravate any post brexit recession , and that could easily encourage other countries to leave rather than remain . 
  5th biggest economy in the world !!!,
