  largest self-reported identity by census , but probably not the largest ethnic identity by genetics . 
  83 million of primarily british / irish descent , 50 million of german , when looking at halotypes . 
  another option is simply to dip it in the pool and put it back . 
  the nights tend to be a hell of a lot cooler than the daytime around spain in my experience , waking up to a strange dampness on your towel might make them think twice about leaving unattended for so long , especially as they have no way to identify the liquid . 
  always painting britain as wanting extra sausage , but in reality , a lot of that seems to make sense to accommodate the uk 's economy within the eu . 
  the rebate for example , was utterly justified . 
  without it britain would 've paid more into the eu than germany , despite having an economy almost 1 trillion usd smaller and 17ish million fewer people . 
  is it really fair to ask other countries to prop up german and french farmers just so those countries can keep their rural conservative communities happy and voting for non-eurosceptic parties ? 
  i also do n't think it 's wrong for countries to not want to participate in an ever closer union either . 
  there are lots of arguments for a two speed eu . 
  if you take a step back and look at things objectively it 's perfectly natural that britain , with its significantly different history and society , might be more sceptical towards european cooperation than the core eu nations . 
  look at the generation that have voted most heavily for brexit , this the generation that grew up with rationing in the aftermath of ww2 . 
  their voting against europe cooperation might not be forward thinking , fiscally prudent , nor all that rational , but building politics on the premise that everyone is those things is naive . 
  compromise on freedom of movement could simply mean tighter controls on eu residents , which could obviously be applied reciprocally to britons in the eu . 
  i think the reality is that many brexiteers are waking up to the stupidity of brexit and would be willing to accept a compromise . 
  certainly , in places like switzerland , you 'd better be able to show paperwork if you 're going to be resident there as an eu citizen , but eu citizens and swiss still have the right to live in each others countries . 
  to be honest , it makes sense to burn as few bridges as possible when in 10 years time natural demographic shift might bring british public opinion back in line with other countries in europe . 
  edit : ooh controversial , i guess for some people the only acceptable narrative is one of the evil greedy brits undermining the precious union . 
  how holy art thou ? 
  throw the in a pile ? 
  throw them in the pool more like !, 
  while acid attacks have been used against women in india and pakistan , the bulk of these attacks are actually between rival gangs , especially in east africa communities . 
  inflatable recliner , lilo , floating bed , flotation device ... literally anything like this would be more useful , not just to english speakers but also to people whose language is n't on the list and speak english as their best second language . 
  but you do sound angry . 
  i did n't make this personal . 
   dude , what the hell is wrong with your logic ? 
  is there too much dust behind that brain of yours ? 
  it 's still a fact that english does n't loan very often from modern german . 
  even words like `` schadenfreude '' are apt to sound somewhat pretentious . 
  when you 're right you stick by your guns . 
  you can open any book on the history of english and confirm this . 
  to put it into perspective , when it comes to everyday words german barely scores better than hindi when it comes to loans , and i 'm sure english speakers are more familiar with words like pyjamas and bungalow than most of the words on that list . 
  i know that , but those words are n't `` german '' they 're germanic . 
  they 're just as much english as they are german . 
  as both language naturally grew from the same root . 
  what i have been trying to point out , which is quite uncontroversial , is that german loan words are quite few and far between in english . 
  and yes , you can start making sentences because ersatz zeitgeists in kindergartens haunted by angst filled poltergeists , but that does n't change the fact that german loans are comparative rarer when accounting for proximity and the historical connection . 
  asides those ancient bread and butter words that are similar in each language , modern german words do n't fall into english very easily , where as wholesale stealing french words for example , seems be utterly accepted to the point that those words are n't even seen as foreign . 
  german words do kind of stick out with their orthography and compound structure . 
  hamster was originally german rat if you 're curious . 
  look just because you can throw some loans about does n't change the reality . 
  or i 'm actually right , and reddit , as ever , lacks the ability to discern any nuance whatsoever . 
  it 's still a fact that english has very few loans from modern german , especially when compared to other languages english borrows from . 
  lol , you seem rather angry . 
  first off i never said there were n't any loans . 
  i said there were few . 
  secondly that list may be `` broader '' , but it 's still utterly pathetic for two closely related proximate languages . 
  actually look at that list , if we ignore the academic words , which are really treated like proper nouns and are n't mostly unknown outside of their fields , we have what ? 
  200 words ? 
  that 's sod all . 
  even if you look at that list many of them as simply german things like lederhosen which are known to english speakers pretty much only because those things do n't exist in anglo culture . 
  it 's still a fact that there are far fewer german loans in english than many other languages . 
  i mean people are citing words like `` zeitgeist '' , which are n't remotely `` everyday words '' and also look massively foreign in terms of english orthography . 
  it 's a simple fact that there are surprisingly few german loans in english given the proximity of the countries . 
  english far more readily borrows words of romance origin , often just taking the words wholesale from french . 
  blitz is a proper noun most of the time , referring to the bomb raids in ww2 . 
  yeah , i do kinda regret it , but it 's still true that german loans in english are far fewer than other languages , so i stand by what i said . 
  it 's also true that english speaker generally have a poor knowledge of german , giving us the german is n't really helping us more than writing the word in croatian . 
  the only way i even knew what a kindergarten was as a kid was from watching the american cartoon recess . 
  i can assure you that english speaking school kids probably do n't know words like zeitgeist and wanderlust , as they are n't everyday words . 
  look if you compare the number of german loans with the number of french loans , it 's really pathetic . 
  yes , history has something to do with this . 
  you 'll also note that lots of those words listed are very uncommon . 
   the idea that some trained immigrants-chemists-influencers are targeting the uk is ridiculous . 
  where the fuck did i say that ? 
  go back to the 90s and there were barely any acid attacks , the rise to 100s of attacks a year is a relatively new phenomena . 
  the reality is that this is a behaviour that became a problem in places like africa years ago , and it 's steadily becoming a part of british african culture now . 
  acid is seen as more humiliating than stabbings . 
  knife scars are a sign of toughness but disfiguration just destroys someone 's life . 
  they are already pretty harsh on visa waivers . 
  if you get stopped by passport control you 'd better have a reason for being in the country , access to enough money to support yourself during your visit , and actually know where you 're planning to stay , or you 'll be sent straight home . 
  that 's about all of them right there though . 
  there are rare compared to many other languages . 
  aka yourself . 
  seriously , learn to make coherent arguments . 
  you 've managed to go on talking for ages without actually addressing any of my points . 
  i assume you 're just being pig headed to try to justify bigotry . 
  if you look into the problem in more depth you 'll see that the vast majority of cases in immigrant populations . 
  no , kindergarten is a north american word , we say cr\u00e8che or nursery . 
  edit : why downvote a fact ? 
  you 're just ranting nonsense mate . 
   you complain about brits being the target of a lot of shittalking on here and then do n't give a fuck if others get shittalked . 
  you apparently also have the right to decide on which insult is strong and which is n't . 
  actually i do care and i do n't condone the shit talking of anyone . 
  guess what , just because i have a uk flag next my username does n't make be the personification of the anti-eu segment of the british population . 
   you 're acting like nobody was talking shit and banding up against the brits until the brexit vote , when in reality the brits were always shittalked and treated as the black sheep that vetoes everything and tries to put loopholes everywhere . 
  what other people do or have done is relevant , it 's wrong to shit talk , i 'm not condoning it at all . 
   you 're ignoring facts that are inconvenient and only care about what suits your narrative . 
  it 's embarrassing to witness . 
  nothing you 've said has anything to do with my narrative . 
  you seem obsessed with calling me a liar . 
   i addressed the point that `` island monkeys '' and `` perfidious albion '' literally always was used as insult against brits , brexit or not and you just said `` oh , stop talking about insults i was n't talking about ! '' . 
  you ignore that this is n't a new phenomenon in the real world , though it might be in your own social media bubble . 
  my point was that it 's become more common in the wake of brexit and it 's not acceptable . 
  you also exaggerate that degree to which they were used , and certainly the tone they 've been used lately is disgusting . 
  not as jokes but as outright bigoted slurs . 
  calling the british island monkeys is not funny , especially if you consider how the average german would react if you called their kids monkeys . 
   it is seriously embarrassing how much you wan na fall into the victim role over a shittalking that has always taken place within the eu . 
  except it has changed , you 're delusional if you think the number of anglophobic jibes has n't risen since brexit , and the tone some of these people use , as if we personally sought to ruin your precious little eu club , which i and many like me actually supported , is like something out of the napoleonic era . 
  seriously , you do n't have an argument .
