  citation needed . 
  totally untrue , the uk ( and the uk government is aware of this ) , that dragging out proceedings and making the transfer as gradual as possible is the least harmful course of action ( regardless of what the result is ) . 
  a fast invocation of art 50 and a speedy break up would certainly increase the damage done to the uk . 
   the eu leaders have been unambiguous that they want further integration , and there is only so long we can stay in the union and continue scuppering their plans . 
  eventually , they would get their way . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if the eu wants further integration then it has to be agreed upon with a treaty . 
  the only way it could happen is if the uk government signed a treaty agreeing to it . 
  they could simply not agree to it , just as ireland did with the lisbon treaty for a while . 
  the only danger of stealth federalisation comes from your own government , and with the situation as it is , it would political suicide to anger such a large percentage of their voter base with such a move . 
  the uk government could 've done that at any time they wanted at a moment 's notice in fact , they simply did n't because they wanted to remain in the eu . 
  the eu ca n't stop a sovereign government doing anything , it can only kick them out out the club if you show an unwillingness to follow the club rules . 
  it 's also worth adding that for every foreign national the uk allowed a right to reside in the uk was willing to give exactly the same right to british citizen in their own country . 
  that was the bargain our government struck on our behalves that we 're throwing back in their faces . 
  the uk was never subordinate to any foreign entity , it is , has been , and always will be a sovereign nation . 
  and you hate our european utopia so much you decided to break it up ? 
   but this time to tighten common tax evasion legislation in all the other countries ( e.g. 
  common corporation taxes , common black list of offshore tax havens ) , that 's ireland out ... ixit ? 
  showing the brexiteers that the eu can into portmanteau too . 
  did i take a wrong turn and end up on / r/polandball ? 
   like i said , its anecdotal . 
  i spend some time in nrw and i did n't see anything like as many people vaping as i do in the uk , more ` box ' vapers than the pen ones too . . 
  but different groups using them too . 
  when were you there ? 
  i 'm in nrw now and vapes do not seem rare at all . 
  what you do n't get is those obnoxious vape enthusiasts blowing huge clouds of rancidly sweet smelling cherry or strawberry in public though , well at least less often . 
  vapers tend to be ex-smokers and less often tend to be kids who think it 's cool , the kids who think smoking is cool here just smoke . 
   yeah agreed , its a really unappealing trait in a society actually . 
  it basically means people feel the need to suck the enjoyment out of pretty much all the minor vices that people enjoy . 
  ultimately i think that 's what it comes down to , germans have a different mentality towards vices than the anglo countries , which tend to be more all or nothing . 
  most germans manage to drink without becoming alcoholics or anti-social binge drinkers , it 's all part of the feierabend mentality , and smoking is just a part of that . 
  when the working day is through everyone should be able to enjoy their preferred vice without hassle provided they 're not causing trouble for others or breaking the law . 
   i 'm not sure i 'd agree with your description of germany as having quite that much of a laissez faire attitude to social issues , whether they have a personal impact or not . 
  i do n't know , it 's a complicated matter . 
  germany has a very pro-social attitude , when they see a social problem they address it head on , it 's the german way imo . 
  however , they also have a very strong mentality that society is there to serve the interests of the people , and a share of those people are smokers . 
  as smoking is legal and some people smoke , this should be facilitated in a way that minimises the annoyance to non smokers , which is why many train stations still have smoking areas and such . 
  where british society is much more at ease with the `` bad faith '' cognitive dissonance of smoking being discouraged and a stigma while remaining legal , and i think the mentality of many germans would be more of the mentality of `` if smoking really is that harmful to society it should be banned , but unless is banned then it must be facilitated '' . 
  germans , for obvious historical reasons , also tend to be less judgemental towards people 's social character , pay your tax , obey the law , and i do n't give a shit what you do the rest of the time is also a strong ethos germans seem to abide by . 
  vapes are common in germany , vape shops have popped up everywhere , do n't know where you 're getting that idea . 
  i think it comes down to the fact that continental europe has always had a more moderate attitude to these things . 
  the uk and us are very bad at moderation on the whole , either everyone smokes or nobody does . 
  we 've gone from the 70s where virtually everyone smoked , to now where smoking is harshly socially criticised . 
  we 've achieved this by demonising smoking , calling smoking trashy , low class , and disgusting . 
  our society has used a very childish level of social disapproval to make smoking taboo and unappealing . 
  germans simply do n't go for this kind of base level social engineering as readily . 
  of course smoking is still disapproved of in those countries , but the attitude is much more one of `` smoke if you want to smoke , it 's not my business '' , and potential and current smokers are n't so readily put off by the fact that social wants to label them a `` poopy head '' for smoking . 
  the attitude is much more one `` fuck you , i 'll do what i like and i do n't care what some quarters of society might try to label me '' . 
  that 's my assessment of the situation anyway , it 's not like germans are any less aware of smoking being unhealthy , they just accept that fact and stay more neutral on the issue . 
  it 's interesting how in the us and uk it 's become more socially acceptable and fashionable to put down smokers , but with other things like obesity , while we may be equally judgemental towards such people , putting them down publicly is somewhat taboo . 
  on the whole i think in places like germany and france they 're much more publicly critical of obesity , and have no problem mentioning somebodies weight . 
  glad someone said that . 
  americans especially fail to understand that other countries do n't have the same attitude to smoking as in the us , where it 's perceived as trashy and poor , and due to the stigma and strict regulation it becomes actually anti-social to do it , since you might have to walk 200 metres from a building until you 're entirely off the premises before you are allowed to smoke . 
  you should put more faith in data and less in stereotypes then . 
  in fact the stereotypically law abiding , organised , and obedient germans smoke more than the french . 
   that 's my understanding of how it is supposed to work , but consider what happened last year with the refugee issue , when angela merkel just decided to welcome about a million people into her country . 
  angela merkel did n't do anything to the eu , she decided to welcome those people as refugees into her own country . 
  it just happens that her country is a border free agreement with the rest of mainland europe . 
  that 's a top down decision by the german government , and the german system is top down . 
   as a result back in may the german government was proposing that 10 % of the eu budget be directed to deal with the `` refugee crisis '' . 
  in november of 2015 merkel 's government was talking about `` mandatory refugee-sharing '' . 
  what is the democratic legitimacy of all this ? 
  key word being proposing . 
  the german government has no power to pass these laws , they can only go into force if the eu countries agree to them . 
   did you as a citizen had a change to weight in on this before an election ? 
  when does the citizen of any representative democracy have this power ? 
  government are elected on policy claims but as soon as they 're in power they can do what the fuck they want , and as new problems emerge it 's up to them to create policy as they like . 
   can you talk to your mp and discuss with him/her about this and express your support/opposition ? 
  of course you can , it 's your government that represents itself in the eu and helps shape its policies . 
  writing a letter to them about eu issues is just as likely to make a difference as it would writing about national issues . 
   was your understanding of the eu and how it was supposed to work that the leader of one nation would be able to do what merkel did and force everyone to react and adapt to the resulting crisis ? 
  ironically the only reason merkel was able to invite all those refugees to germany was because the eu is a bottom to top power structure , in a top to bottom structure she would 've been prevented from making that decision for germany by the majority opinion against it in the rest of the eu . 
  everything about the eu power structure is bottom to top . 
  sovereignty is pooled , eu laws come into effect within its member states only when their sovereign parliaments write them into law , which no one can force them to do , it 's simply in their interest to do so . 
  the eu relies on the constant good will of the member states ' respective parliaments to be effective , and that good will can be removed at any time . 
  even article 50 is somewhat of a formality , the uk government could just revoke all legislation that was based on eu directives in their sovereign parliament tomorrow , tell the world they 're no longer in the eu , and that would be the end of it . 
  doing so would cause an international incident and potentially crash the british economy over night , but theoretically it 's possible . 
  the uk government is n't quite that stupid though , they know the if the uk is to leave the eu it 's best to do it properly and leave on the best terms is can muster . 
  the mark of a top down power structure is when the top of the pyramid can force the lower parts it consists of to do something against its will , the eu has no such power . 
  eurosceptics crying out for a more democratic eu do n't seem to understand that would erode sovereignty , since a democratic eu parliament with the power to write things into law would be a step towards federalisation . 
  it would be meaningless to have a true eu parliament elected directly by the people europe , with pan-european parties , and a president and so forth , unless real sovereignty really was handed over to that institution . 
  eurosceptics fail to recognise that eu decisions are not the decisions of an unelected pan-national institution , but the decisions of their own government , which they willingly made collectively with the governments of the other eu members . 
  ultimately the eurosceptics fighting the eu at every are n't really fighting for sovereignty or their national interest , they 're fighting against globalism full stop , and this is a big factor in why leave won the uk referendum . 
  i can understand why people who 've lost out from globalism feel this way , but in my opinion standing against globalism is like trying to stop the tide . 
   nz , australia , canada and usa lol usa ? 
  furthermore all those countries have highly demanding visa processes that the majority of people will never qualify for . 
  i think there certainly was in the past , which is why indians and pakistani communities clumped together in cosmopolitan areas and showed a greater tendency to work within their own communities . 
  now they 've become a part of the british identity there are fewer barriers , and although there are still racists and they still suffer racism , this has become much more socially unacceptable compared to hating the poles and the eu . 
  honestly , i said from the start , one of the huge reason euroscepticism became popular in the uk is because it was a socially acceptable way to vent frustrations the have their root in a deeper sense of discomfort felt by someone people with multicultural britain generally . 
  in other words , that frustrations that people have with immigration , non-whites , and foreigners generally is being pushed onto eu migrants merely because doing so it more socially acceptable . 
  there are even a minority who voted against the eu to get rid of `` muslims '' , which literally has nothing to do with it . 
  i think the brexit result is due to parts of the white british community feeling very angry about the direction society has taken in the last 30 years , with the culture trying to be more fair and non-discriminatory , the rise in political correctness , the efforts taken to ensure minorities get the same opportunities . 
  as far as segments of the british community are concerned they never voted for any of that . 
  it sort of just became part of politics under their noses without them consenting to it . 
  the huge numbers of traditional labour voters going to ukip is indicative of that . 
  these people voted labour because they thought it meant better conditions for the british working class , not because they cared about the rights of non-whites and immigrants particularly . 
  now they see the labour party as weak and ineffectual , more concerned with minorities than their historically core voter base , the white working class . 
  i think islamophobia is a huge factor in the brexit result , but only indirectly , because the topic of islam is far more heated and controversial , it 's harder for the anti-immigration portion of the country to make headway there , so turning on the eu migrants is a natural move . 
  recently yes , most have been high education because of the changes in policy with commonwealth immigration . 
  much of the large waves of immigration was during periods when britain was open to taking in ordinary workers from the commonwealth .
