  germany needs to drastically raise its self-awareness and examine its own failings , as i would say they 're only about 2 major political events away from being exactly where britain is today . 
  i 've had german pensioners pat me on the back and say go on the uk for taking charge of their own destiny , and these were n't far right pensioners , just politically dissatisfied regular ones that pined for the days of greater social cohesion , so it 's not like there are n't people with these thoughts around , it 's just its realisation is less right wing and its public expression is less tolerated . 
  edit : also i see just as much alt-left crap about glorious mother russia and the evil nato flying around in germany as i see alt-right stuff about immigrants , but all forms of populism are dangerous . 
  except everything :( time to ban goethe in the schools and get you reading a proper literary great like shakespeare instead . 
  as mark twain would say , the german language is lost cause of guttural noise and it 's time for a fresh start !, 
  i think pronouncing then and than the same is quite an american english thing . 
  for me than has the reduced vowel but then would rhyme with pen . 
  dass = coordinating conjunction introducing a new clause with a new subject . 
  das = relative pronoun functioning as the subject or object of a verb in a subordinate clause but only for neutrum nouns . 
  what do i win ? 
   it is frowned upon to end sentences with prepositions in most forms of written english . 
  this is just a wives ' tale that wo n't die . 
  would you really say `` to who did you give it ? '' . 
  to me the exception is when it sits next to the preposition , then `` who '' sounds super wrong imo . 
  that said this is usually avoided by moving the preposition to the end . 
  `` who did you give it to ? '', 
  sounds fine and is the more common way to phrase the question . 
  it does n't sound pretentious when combined with a preposition to me . 
  who does he like ? 
  - normal whom does he like ? 
  - sounds correct but affected and pretentious he 's going out with whom ? 
  - normal he 's going out with who ? 
  - sounds a bit uneducated to me that said , you 're speaking australian english :p, 
  that example is fine , but in a sentence like `` whom does he like ? '', 
  is it really any worse to say `` who does he like ? '' . 
  as english does n't really care about cases really , it just cares about whether something is the subject or object of a verb ( defined by syntax rather than case marking ) , and as the syntax is quite rigid , and as questions are formed mostly with auxiliary verbs too , does it really matter ? 
  who/whom is still standing in front of the the verb `` do '' anyway , even if the question is about the object of the verb `` like '' . 
  to me both sound fine . 
  `` who does he like ? '', 
  and `` whom does he like ? '', 
  sound fine , the latter somewhat affected even . 
  the only time the use of `` who '' sounds wrong to me is when it 's preceded by a preposition e.g with who . 
  alta !, 
  the problem with phonetic script is that people ca n't be arsed to learn it . 
  no offence to the germans but i think you 've got a bit of a different attitude towards your language simply because it 's not a world language . 
  in english we 're used to hearing english realised in so many different ways , from ghetto street talk in the deep south of america , to jamaican patois , to scottish highland speech . 
  sure germany has a bunch of really quite strong dialects , but not being able to switch to hochdetusch is kinda stigmatised in germany . 
  the pronunciation of hochdeutsch is of course very standardised and predictable based on the written form of the language . 
  this means it 's very black and white about what is correct and what is n't . 
  english lacks that absolute standardisation to the norm . 
  an either either kind of affair . 
  anyway , when speaking german with germans you seem noticeably pained when you hear someone messing up the pronunciation . 
  add a long vowel where a short should be and people find it hilarious and it sticks out like a sore thumb to them . 
  ireland should be `` i 'm irish my grandma was from southern ireland . 
  exactly only just short of twice the gdp . 
   puerile that i believe than anyone could believe texas has a bigger gdp than the united kingdom ? 
  seriously ? 
  no offence but you 'd have to be pretty naive about the world to believe that . 
  there are 51 states and 28 eu nations . 
  uk has the 2nd hightest gdp in the eu and twice as many people as texas . 
  you logic ai n't too hot imo . 
  edit : lol 50 states . 
  i keep forgetting 51st state was just a film . 
  why on earth would you think texas had s bigger gdp than the uk ? 
  the value of the pound is certainly not synonymous with `` real terms '' but undoubtedly highly related to it . 
  i do n't expect anything of scotland . 
  what i know is that the relationship between scotland and the uk is a complex one . 
  what i suspect is that brexit will renew support for scottish independence and that the uk government will not allow another indyref in the immediate aftermath of that . 
  i suspect they 'll delay another referendum for scotland for as long as possible . 
  whether scotland will leave if they have a referendum in say 2023 , i ca n't tell you , but i think the outcome of said referendum will be completely different from what it would be were a referendum held tomorrow . 
  i think scotland 's leaving is highly possible , but the result will depend on how the political machine churns over the next few years . 
  i see people in the uk being about 10 % poorer over the next decade than they would 've been in the eu . 
  i also see the stripping back of certain rights , particularly workers rights , and a return to the more contract based system that common law countries have and britain had before the eu . 
  there are also things like the echr which will be gone , which i think will result in more aggressive foreign policy and more immoral things going on in the name of national security . 
  welsh rarebit , ( pronounced `` rabbit '' you pleb ) . 
  i am absolutely against brexit but the really sad thing that most people are missing is that this wo n't happen . 
  britain is still rich and powerful enough to survive . 
  britain will take a hard knock but it will find some way to pay it off as a successful ideologically , and then we will simply live a world where leaving the eu has been legitimised . 
  scotland may well leave , or it might not , it depends how well the propaganda machine works over the next 5 years ( i think another indyref will be allowed but it wo n't be allowed until after a few years after the uk leaves ) . 
  this whole brexit / trump fiasco slide to the right is going to be a thing , there are enough powerful people behind it for it to be so . 
  it may well turn out shitty but it will be legitimised and the people who suffer will be told is a good thing . 
   extremely bad english the english is entirely grammatical so i do n't know what you 're talking about , reads like it has been written by a native speaker to me . 
  `` consul '' should be `` consulate '' . 
  of course , there 's no punctuation whatsoever , so that makes it hard to read . 
  probably is fake news , but i have to wonder why you think the english is bad . 
  when you 're in the business of running the world , it helps to socially engineer you population to fulfil certain roles . 
  working class = soldier class , need to bring these ones up to be tough , at times violent and callous , able to withstand traumatising conditions and monotonous labour . 
  encourage them to fanatically devoted to the state at a primal and emotional level . 
  encourage them to be instinctively suspicious of all things foreign so they wo n't question it if called upon to war with another state . 
  middle class = officer class , need these people to be educated enough to perform more complicated tasks , education makes them more threatening to the regime collectively , so you need to pay them off with comparative better material conditions . 
  they need to be distanced from the working class as to more effective at managing them and to reduce the risk of them siding with the working class too much . 
  you can do this by reinforcing their moral superiority over the working class and letting them feel like they 're more important and closer to the top of the pile . 
  historically males were mostly sent to highly regimented and hierarchical unisex boarding schools to ensure they were prepared for a military lifestyle if necessary and were effective at working cooperatively , working within chains of command , and managing underlings . 
  upper class = aristocrats/general class , these people were those lucky enough to be educated , intelligent , rich , and influential enough to be of some real threat to the ruler individually . 
  as these people already have power , they have some understanding of power structures so ca n't be manipulated as readily . 
  thus they 're paid off well with both great person remit to behave as they see fit and great material wealth . 
  however , the there is only really one rule for such people which is oppose the crown and be annihilated . 
  because they hold real power the only thing that matters is that they are n't opposing to king/queen . 
  this is how it worked in history and this is still what you see into days culture despite the fact that modern life has made things very different . 
  once you 've got these cultures you ca n't take them away despite the fact that the middle and lower classes have become increasingly homogenised ( with the number of people identifying as middle class growing but the actual wealth of the middle class shrinking , as well as the average wealth of the working class growing comparatively ) . 
  furthermore the upper class are no longer aristocratic for the most part , and consist of multimillionaires who control wealth rather than holding titles . 
  the biggest changes in british culture have been due to industrialisation and then the world wars . 
  industrialisation in many ways created the working class as we known to day as people who were unnecessary to agricultural britain flocked to the cities to fulfil the need for industrial work . 
  these people were often paupers within their local parishes and were willing to travel great distances to improve their material conditions . 
  at this time the middle class was relatively smaller and more affluent . 
  then the world wars came and that really showed the vitality of industrial labour leading to improved conditions and wealth for industrial workers . 
  after the wars there war a labour shortage due to the number of adult males killed , again allowing the working class to leverage more wealth relative to overall gdp . 
  you can still see it today , the working classes are often violent , callous , and nationalistic . 
  the middle classes are still focused on education , and pretend to higher moral standards and some implicit sense of being `` of a better sort '' . 
  the upper classes still do n't really give a fuck about the rules and think that as long as they do n't tread on anybody powerful 's toes they can do what they like .
