  there 's some serious irony if you 're american . 
  we 're not against technology , we just like driving manual , it makes us feel manly . 
  the tragedy of it . 
  tbh i 'm not really in the market for women over 5 foot 10 ( 177cm ) , women over that height start looking a bit lanky in my humble opinion ( supermodel look never did it for me ) . 
  i 'm sure they can find some nice tall dutch guys who 'll have 'em !, 
  ha , i 'm 180cm and feel like i 'm the ideal height for everything . 
  it 's as if the world were built around me . 
  that 's the price of protecting your borders imo . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it . 
  either you make it difficult to live illegally in your country , or you tacitly invite people to make their living in your country without going through the proper channels . 
  i 'm sure there 's some way for the eu to gradually move to towards a single system of travel though . 
  which begs the question . 
  if the us really wanted to prevent illegal immigration , surely they 'd insist that the irs confirm the legal status of people applying for their itin numbers before they give them the ability to work legally in the country . 
  seems to me to be a more effective method than building a wall between texas and mexico anyway !, 
  i do n't know how people do that in the us to be honest . 
  if you did that here in germany then you would be able to open a bank account , get any medical care , or legally rent a flat . 
  it goes without saying you could do a regular job ( no tax code ) . 
  consequently you 'd be living on the outskirts of society for your whole life , how do you go from that to a regular citizen ? 
  no they do n't have to , but the eu should start making it more difficult for americans to travel in order to leverage our position . 
  the long term eu goal should be that all member states have equal travel rights . 
  hell , maybe we could fund some studies that show new york hipsters are the most likely people to overstay in european hotspots like berlin and london , and start adding requirement for residents of new york state but not for relatively hipsterless states like wyoming . 
  what you want to do a 3 month tour of the us with your friends after school ? 
  i do n't understand why you 're saying that it 's unlikely in `` most circumstances '' . 
  are you saying it because of financial reasons or because of visa requirements ? 
  essentially , what i want to know is whether an unemployed but financially solvent national of a non-visa waiver eu country would be able to get a holiday visa to spend a few months in the us . 
  because if not i think that 's fucking bullshit when america sends so many of its unemployed and currently out of education youth to europe for long breaks and we do n't refuse them . 
  there 's an obvious lack of symmetry there if `` employment '' is a criteria of a holiday visa . 
  ironically tonnes of americans in places like berlin overstay by working online and staying in temporary accommodation . 
  i do n't understand how that 's relevant . 
  what i mean is , if you 're an 19 year old kid from an eu country that 's not in the visa waiver programme , who is financially supported by their parents or some other means , but not currently in work or education , are you able to visit the us for a holiday ? 
  what if you 're just a kid who has n't got a job ? 
  would you be unable to visit the usa ? 
  no english course for swedish speakers exists duolingo . 
  however , english to swedish and arabic to swedish do exist . 
  this is literally the only reason swedish is the most popular language in sweden . 
  in fact duolingo teaches zero courses in swedish , it only teaches the speakers of other languages how to speak swedish , so the only swedes who can use duolingo are those who are fluent in some other language ( such as english ) . 
  i hardly see why it 's surprising that so few swedes use it to learn language , and that the majority of people who are using it within sweden are foreigners who are learning swedish with some other language . 
  you do realise that there 's no swedish to english course on duolingo ? 
  so most non-english countries only have english as their most popular language because they have course that translates from their native language to english . 
  if duolingo did offer this course then english would almost certainly be the most popular language , but instead it 's immigrants who speak english or arabic learning to speak swedish ( eng  swe and arb  swe both being courses that duolingo does offer ) . 
  also afaik they do n't offer a swedish to english course at the moment , just an english to swedish and an arabic to swedish course . 
  except if course when you put any other than the subject in the 1st position . 
  this is one thing that annoys me a little about german . 
  or i can ask as a question ist das ein lieblings k\u00fcchenger\u00e4t ? 
  but i ca n't say . 
  because of this rule you ca n't form questions with a modifier heading the sentence . 
  you 're stuck with . 
  shit rectangle, 
  [ this educational video will teach you all you need to know about germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxiqmnuzz54 ) also boobies !, 
  first i 'll put the animal , then the anglicised spelling of the german sound , then the typical english sound chick - peep - cheap hen - gock - cluck cock - kickerykey - cockadoodledo turkey - gockalagoo - gobble dove - gur - coo cat - miow - miow dog - bow wow - woof sheep - mare - baa goat - bare - baa cow - moo - moo bull - broo - moo, 
  it 's interesting to imagine the mentality of that period . 
  the truth is it 's pretty clear that at the time the sustenance farming communities were seen as sub-human due to their lack of civility and modernity . 
  the solution was pretty much let them starve to cut down their breeding . 
  people were horrible cunts in those day for the most really . 
  flats suck !, 
  seriously though , the germans build flats in open fields with nothing but pasture around . 
  shit 's fuck up . 
  i do n't mind flats but if you 've got space do n't want people living above or below you . 
  bricks are good , do n't fall down bad weather . 
  actually , i heard some figures and despite the high population the vast majority of the uk is still rural land . 
  even in central london you can drive 12 miles in the right direction and be in open fields . 
   your educational curriculum is sorely lacking . 
  why would you blame that on the education system rather than the fact that within any population a percentage of people are stupid mean wankers ? 
  and many irish elite , both catholic and protestant alike , were complicit in that exportation . 
  it was exactly the same early capitalist morality that let the american settlers justify simply taking the land of the indians . 
  a bizarre mixture of the christian notion of providence i.e. 
  if people are poor it 's because god wants them to be , and unfettered unregulated capitalism . 
  should be careful not to be hypocritical in forgetting how horrible almost everyone was in that period . 
  it was a fucked up period of history where for the most part selfishness ruled and people considered anyone who actively broke the most minor rule as deserving of absurdly harsh corporal or capital punishment , but saw nothing wrong whatsoever with feasting on suckling pig while your neighbours slowly died of starvation . 
  oh look a tourist stirring up a historical shit pot he knows nothing about . 
  really as a german you 'd think you 'd know better . 
  cromwell was never portrayed as hero in my education . 
  if anything he was shown as anti-royalist and a bit of a tyrant . 
  the end result is the same . 
  there are some differences that i think you 'll appreciate as a law student . 
  if the state essentially `` decriminalises '' abortion and leaves it up the medical profession then they simply side step the political problem of giving an answer on abortion 's moral status . 
  everything is left to the medical profession and morality of its members . 
  i think you 'll find that in many countries that have taken this approach it 's harder to find medical professionals willing to give abortions in some cases , and such procedures are carried out in specialists places ( often at a higher cost ) while the majority of the medical community personally disapproves and simply refers patients to doctors ' without those moral convictions . 
  if the state legalises abortion properly and funds it through the state ( uk is all nhs ofc ) then it actually has to ask itself : if abortion is morally acceptable , and is to be legal , under what conditions or caveats is it morally acceptable . 
  the conclusion they clearly drew was that abortion is morally acceptable provided it can be reasonably justified from a social-economic perspective , which pretty much encompasses all reasonable grounds for abortion ( stuff like rape and health being taken for granted as valid justifications additional to this ) . 
  this still leaves room to consider a doctor who performed an abortion because the mother `` lost a bet '' or `` believed the child was evil '' etc. 
  would be in the wrong . 
  ultimately the system reflects that opinion of many people which is that while abortion is not morally wrong in any sense , the birth of a human is still in some sense a `` good '' , and thus abortion should only be undertaken solemnly for a sensible reason . 
  many countries avoided this situation by not taking an ethical stance to abortion at all and simply washing their hands of it . 
  moreover , i do think there would always be room in british law for a mother who had an abortion for the wrong reasons , e.g because she was under the influence of a cult , to later take the doctor who performed it to court at a later date accusing him of failing in his professional responsibility by not preventing her from having the procedure . 
  asking the mother to provide the grounds for the abortion covers them at a later date when they can say : if you had the abortion for bad reason , why did you give xyz reason when consulted ? 
  i dislike this map because it suggests that britain is a less progressive nation in this matter compared to much of europe , when in fact you 'll find it 's amongst the more progressive . 
  it just makes a legal distinction that other nations do n't make ( except finland ) . 
  the only people who see anything sinister it are feminists who think the real motivation is the patriarchal establishment wanting to control / own female bodies , but the reality of how readily available abortion is to the public in the uk should really demonstrate how ludicrous that is . 
   if the person is in the throes of a `` mental health problem '' as you put it , it 's best that they do n't have the child . 
  yes , and that 's all the more reason to consult with the mother before going ahead , as it might not only prevent a child having a shit life but also catch a mental health problem . 
  wanting an abortion for a unjustified reason is not the same as being mentally ill though . 
   no , i 'm saying there 's no reason to force them to be a parent in that situation . 
  nobody is forcing anyone to be a parent . 
  it 's fair to say if someone wants an abortion for a crazy reason that they need to go away and think about it rather than just yield to their nonsensical demand . 
   why is it the state 's job to convince people not to get an abortion ? 
  that sounds so absurd . 
  because if someone is doing something foolish that they might come to regret then it 's the moral thing to discuss it with them and try to bring them to a proper understanding of the situation , and then make an informed choice . 
  on their own head be it is not a caring moral opinion . 
   what a compelling argument you make against autonomy you have complete autonomy .
