  it 's exactly what you want on a cold winter 's night after a long day 's work . 
  i know they do in german , it 's just not something english speakers do . 
  if you say `` it is consequent '' to an english speaker they 'll ask you `` what is consequent ? '' . 
  we always say `` the consequent ( thing or action ) '' , but never say `` that 's consequent '' . 
  we say `` this is a consequence of that '' , and by that we mean this directly follows from that that i.e `` the cancellation of the football match was a consequence of the bad weather '' , or `` the bad weather , and the consequent cancellation of the match , made people angry '' . 
  when we mean something is logically consistent with something else , we 'll say `` that makes sense '' or `` that 's logical '' , or something like that . 
  we 'd say something like `` i think it 's only logical/rational '' or `` i think it only follows '' . 
  `` das ist konsequent '' means something like `` it is consistent '' , when in english we tend to distinguish between what follows and what is consistent , as they are not the same , multiple things can be logically consistent with a position , but what follows is what actually happens i.e the consequences . 
  when we say `` brexit and its consequent ramifications '' we mean only those ramifications that actually occur , not all those possible ramifications that are consistent with it . 
  to be fair , nobody uses that word like that . 
  consequent is typically only used as an adjective before nouns `` brexit and its consequent ramifications '' and as a noun , when talking about logical antecedents and consequents . 
  `` it 's consequent '' just is n't what people say . 
  shut it yank , you know nothing of real pizza . 
  i want real chips you filthy foreign !, 
  the old left was n't good at all . 
  in fact they ran the country in the ground with general myopic policy and protectionism . 
  i 'm no fan of thatcher , but she was in the position she was in , able to do what she did , because the old labour party failed the country with its incompetent leadership . 
  corbyn is n't popular with the voters who have historically made the difference , which is the centre . 
  labour are so scared losing their working class vote ( as this would probably mean the death of the party ) , that they 're not appealing to the centre and therefore can not mount a proper opposition to the tories . 
  since brexit nobody is offering a sensible central position ( well the lib dems are but they 're never going to win ) , since it 's a such position that the populist segment of the population have decided the centre represents the `` elites '' they do n't like . 
  both main political parties are now heavily courting the populists , as brexit support , although weighed to the right , split the political spectrum , with working class socially conservative socialists and working class right wingers being key areas they 're trying to gain grounds in . 
  sadly the common ground amongst these groups is that they want the government to start putting their interests first , over the interests of what they see as foreign labour sapping at their wealth , as well as the interests of ethnically diverse city areas and the `` liberal elite '' in london . 
  ultimately brexit is about one thing , not racism or xenophobia , not even anti-globalism or sovereignty , it 's simply that a decent sized segment of the british population think they deserve more , that the government is n't putting their interests first and that they should be richer . 
  that 's my belief anyway . 
  a great deal of the provincial working and middle class in england are feeling poor , and want to start feeling like their interests are being prioritised above those of others once again . 
  sadly this often expressed in an ugly fashion as us vs them-ism , against non-british nationals and ethnic minorities , and it has a tinge of shamelessness is its expectation that british people come first . 
  corbyn is a fucking disaster . 
  there 's no sane party left to vote for in the uk that has any shot at power . 
   the uk will be a third party state and considered as such . 
  i was n't suggesting anything else . 
   also , usually ftas force countries to align their economies and the brexit is the exact opposite of that , it creates division and splits where they were none . 
  it 's not going to be a walk in the park . 
  there are pros and cons to economic diversification . 
  the eu can protect itself from competing directly with britain while britain can eventually shift its economy to providing services and high end manufacturing to other markets . 
   the `` hard brexit '' wo n't be `` forced '' upon you , the outcome of the whole thing will be 100 % your own doing . 
  48 % of us voted for the eu . 
  this was 100 % thrust upon me . 
  i did my best to convince everyone i know to vote remain . 
  i 'm not a politician . 
  why you 're conflating the actions of the british government and murdoch owned tabloids with the actions of the british people i do n't know . 
  damn i was confused when i thought you meant david hume for a moment . 
  which is why a good trade deal between britain and the eu post-brexit could be a good thing to be honest . 
  everything does n't have to change so drastically . 
  there can still be a large degree of free trade between the two economic areas , there can still be good migration conditions for eu and uk citizens wanting to work in each country . 
  politically each the uk and eu can gain distance . 
  i personally would rather the uk stayed but if a hard brexit is forced upon us and the uk ends up 100 % out , it can still work in both groups interests . 
  tariffs mean we do n't have to compete directly against each other for the same markets , rather the uk can diversify it 's economy to focus on serving non-european markets , while still being a profitable market with which the eu can do business . 
  i do n't think they `` force '' anything on anyone these days in the same sense . 
  as a anglo-saxony born and raised in anglo-saxony i think our stereotypes about german humour are no always entirely without basis . 
  yes , the one who constantly said that the uk could n't join . 
  that was mostly about giving two fingers to de gaul who said we could n't join afaik . 
  do n't they have something like the gleichhandlunggesetz in germany to prevent this shit ? 
   you say you 're certain , i say that we do n't know yet . 
  it 's kind of futile to debate the future . 
  except it 's really not that futile . 
  it 's just like when people say that after brexit the uk could deport all the eu citizens that currently have residency there . 
  yes , legally they could , as eu law will no longer bind them , but in reality they could n't , because it would cost billions and would n't actually benefit anyone . 
  in fact it would destroy the british economy . 
  it 's not realistic to think that uk - eu holiday travel will require visa after brexit . 
  maybe if an insane dictator comes to power , but otherwise no . 
   see the ceta example which has various limitations on the stay and duration . 
  the section of ceta that refers to free movement is essentially because improving the visa waiver programmes available to eu citizens . 
  currently canada has different rules for different eu countries . 
  british people have been able to visit canada on a visa waiver programmes since ww2 , however these rights have not been afforded to other european countries . 
  ceta will standardise these rights in law ensuring that all eu citizens get access to holidays in canada on the same level if you know what i mean . 
  you must be aware that if you talk about `` freedom of movement '' in the context of the eu people will assume you are talking about the rights established under eu law for eu citizens . 
  after brexit britons will lose their `` freedom of movement '' rights in the eu , and eu countries will regain the right to deport and refuse entry to british travellers they do n't like e.g people with criminal records . 
  however , that does n't mean we 'll have apply for visa . 
  yeah , but in the anglo world the proverb is just shortened to `` pride comes before the fall '' . 
  it 's from the bible , and the kjb has :  pride goeth before destruction , and an haughty spirit before a fall . 
  which is a bit of a mouthful frankly . 
   the fact is that we do n't know what will happen . 
  nobody knows the future 100 % . 
  but if i were a betting man , i 'd bet the farm on there being no visa requirements between the uk and the schengen area after brexit . 
  it 's common sense . 
   brexit is a complicated issue and the time frame is short . 
  and this is worrisome . 
  yes , but some things we can actually know . 
  if you comprehend the cost and problems that would arise from having to issue visas for all the travel between the uk and the eu , then you know it 's a crazy idea that only an insane government would attempt . 
  it 's would be borderline impossible , and offer no benefits to anyone . 
   without proof that 's still just you saying so . 
  down-votes are not proof , bro . 
  i do n't know how to `` prove '' that freedom of movement is different from a visa waiver programme anymore than i know how to prove that a lion is not tiger . 
  if you google each thing you will get a different result . 
   are you saying that only eu countries benefit from freedom of movement ? 
  are you saying that the eu invented the concept ? 
  yes i am , because there is a big different between `` freedom of movement '' tm , and the freedom to move from one country to another . 
  one is used in an official legally defined way , the other just refers to the ability to enter other countries in the most general sense . 
   freedom of movement exists outside of the eu . 
  the freedom to move from nation to nation exists outside the eu . 
  `` freedom of movement '' tm , in its legal sense , does not exist outside of the eu . 
   because it 's often limited as described in the wikipedia article . 
  it 's always limited , it 's limited within the eu too . 
  you ca n't go to another eu country for 3 years and call yourself a tourist the whole time , that 's not how it works . 
  however , these limitations do not affect tourists , and if you remember that 's how this whole debate started . 
   you should n't be frustrated when people ask you to prove the things that you are saying . 
  what you 're asking me to prove is pretty much like i said , asking me to prove that a lion is not a tiger . 
  until you have a solid grasp on what a lion is and what a tiger is , then i ca n't provide quotes . 
   it also comes in 108th place for visa requirements , something that is likely to fall once britain has left the eu , and opted out from the eu 's free movement policy . 
  this is referring to all the visa waiver programmes * with 3rd party nations * that britain is only included in due to the eu bloc negotiating in their behalf .
