  they were an incredibly rare event and then suddenly there were 100s every year in london alone . 
  the frequency of such attacks went up in much of the 3rd world , and no it 's our problem too . 
  it 's nobody 's fault , it 's just a reality of the globalised world we live in , and if anything a good argument that their problems are our problems , and we ca n't just bury our heads in the sand when it comes to the 3rd world . 
   this discussion is over . 
  try to use a more friendly rhetorical tone , and you 'll find people respond more positively . 
  you might think you sound badass saying things like `` this discussion is over '' , but in fact it just makes you sound somewhat childish . 
  frankly , you just seem to be looking for something to argue about here , and you 're making out like i 'm launching a tirade against immigrants . 
  i 'm not , which if you 'd actually taken the time to read the comments instead of just reading between the lines , you might have understood . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  there are boat loads of condoms in africa due to the aids fear era, 
   so when a white uk born male does it , it 's the fault of african `` culture '' because they did it first . 
  is that right ? 
  did i not just say that the purpose of my bringing it up was nothing to do with blaming anyone . 
  my point was that developments in the 3rd world e.g the rise of acid attacks as acid is a cheap and easy product to get ones hands on in the 3rd world , have knock on effects on western culture ? 
  i was trying to stress the fact that we ca n't actually close ourselves off from it and that in the long run , modern capitalism interacting with the third world is giving birth to new , often horrific , cultural trends that we ca n't predict , e.g using cleaning products as weapons that were meant to improve conditions in the third world but were actually put to malicious ends . 
   have you ever heard of copycat killers ? 
  copycat killer is a term used for serial killers . 
  this is gang violence . 
  it is proof positive of the way local violent cultural behaviours spread globally , and consequently a good ground to argue that the west can not shut itself off from changes in global culture . 
  what you seem unable to acknowledge is that the rise in acid attacks in other parts of the world , has a direct correlation with the rise in acid attacks in london and the uk . 
  amazingly , in countries without significant immigrant communities from the relevant part of the globe , we do n't see such a rise in acid attacks . 
  acting like they having nothing to do with one another is mentally deranged nonsense , but not doing so does n't entail that it justifies an anti-immigrant agenda . 
  what it does tell , however , is that the idea that we can exist in a bubble regardless of conditions in the 3rd world , is woefully naive . 
  i was going to say , this is the most austrian/swiss looking part of germany i 've ever seen . 
  we all know that germany ends when the real mountains start , 
  and i 'm sorry you have a large dose of the dunning-kruger effect , that your sense of humour is so poorly developed as to think telling people to `` google it '' in a foreign language spoken by very few members of that linguistic community is funny , and that you 're so thin skinned to resort to xenophobic slurs calling people inbred and lamenting that people do n't die from their own stupidity on your beaches . 
  you seem irrationally angry about this , i 'm sorry i do n't appreciate the humour of your facebook psa but no reason to demonstrate such a high level of butthurt . 
  actually i was n't actually referring to pakistan at all to be honest . 
  although it is used there particularly toward women . 
  the culture i was referring to is mostly east african . 
  acid attacks gained popularity there , and this has come to london through the respective immigrant communities . 
  it 's considered a more humiliating way to hurt your enemy than stabbing or shooting , as it can leave them permanently disfigured . 
  most of these attacks are n't `` jealousy '' attacks on women , by jilted lovers or jealous partners , but rather gang related attacks trying to take out rival drug dealers . 
  i was n't even saying as an anti-immigrant statement as well , i was just pointing out that things that happen in the 3rd world as irrevocably linked to things that happen in the west . 
  i feel the same , it is kinda snide . 
  oh now it 's all about saving lives now , after your lovely xenophobic rant . 
  i get it , it 's a shit psa that makes ineffective unfunny jokes that gets passed around on facebook groups and is n't regulated by any standards or controls . 
  i get it , it 's forwards from grandma material . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't find your joke remotely funny , nor do i think more people will pay attention now they 've been told to `` google it '' in a language with like 1/20 the number of speakers globally . 
  personally it comes across as kinda snide and resentful . 
  i 'm sorry if that makes me `` not bright '' , i really do n't care enough to try to change your opinion . 
  personally i think asking people `` google it '' is an ideal way to make them lose interest , but i 'm sure you 'll insist you have empirical data proving its effectiveness ( cool story ) , so this discussion is pointless . 
  thanks for the moderately xenophobic jibes . 
  nl should have a rebate too frankly . 
  it 's in exactly the same boat , more people than farmland to milk subsidies from . 
  do n't know why you 're using the degree to which you 're getting screwed by the franco-german-centric eu policy as an argument that the uk should pay more . 
  if you look at the data the rebate the uk has only brings its contributions in line with those of france , which given that both the populations and the gdp of each nation are similar , makes a lot of sense . 
  the netherlands is paying an arm and a leg for membership , and i ca n't for the life of me understand why you 'd think it justified . 
   if more people in germany think like you eu is doomed and we will have another war in europe in few decades . 
  honestly this is my greatest fear . 
  a war in europe in our lifetime . 
  the viciousness and tone of some people reacting to brexit for example as really laid bare how much the eu depends on the idea of mutual self-interest . 
  if that were taken away i fear europe would revert straight back to insular in-fighting . 
  germany seems to want to throw its weight around again and that 's only going to get worse in the future . 
  it scares me how little heed people seem to be paying the past . 
  germany is already massively richer than much of europe , and seems to take a martyr stance on many things while still pursing its own interests and agenda , all while currently managing to manage pr . 
  if something changes drastically we 'll be back where we were 50 years ago . 
  your criticisms are grasping at straws and just pedantic . 
  asking the countries involved in ns2 is completely compatible with not asking eu partners . 
  there are definitely russia sympathisers in the german parliament . 
  what was always intended is irrelevant to a statement of fact . 
  germany has no obligation to gift money to the ukraine , but the ukraine needs it a hell of a lot more than germany , and also germany can be seen to be going around an eu ally and potential member in favour of cutting costs dealing with a relatively hostile state . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  why do n't you take the time to actually engage with the opponents arguments and play devil 's advocate rather than dismiss everything in an arrogant fashion ? 
  i do n't even care about your position , but your should be aware that your single mindedness and tone wo n't win you any friends . 
  wow , just wow . 
  here 's two points . 
  a ) you are nobody , but it 's a universally sound principle to write safety information in a way that makes it most understandable . 
  even many children could understand this principle . 
  b ) `` certain number of you and your kind might avoid your well deserved natural selection '' wow , there 's so much i could say to this . 
  `` you and your kind '' ? 
  oh pray tell who my `` kind '' are ? 
  go fuck yourself you nationalistic little throwback . 
  your nation as only been able to stop killing each other for what ? 
  20 years ? 
  and you 're wishing death on us ? 
  wow . 
  you hated filled little toe rag , i could say much nastier shit but you know what , i would n't mean it because i 'm not a horrible cunt like yourself evidently . 
  neither the actor or the character have anything to do with america . 
  i do n't think you 're in a position to say what native speakers would understand . 
  i assure all would be understood by native speakers . 
  we have a perfectly good word for it in english and frankly i resent the laziness of using a german term . 
  here comes the butthurt euro ideologue . 
  what i was actually suggesting is that the uk give up some of its privileges in return for compromises on the problems the uk is having , but stays in some respect integrated into the eu . 
  this bullshit argument that britain really wants to have its cake and eat it has really got to end . 
  if we had n't had those privileges it would n't have even been worth our continued membership frankly . 
  the agricultural policy would 've burdened our economy unless we 'd radically restructured it . 
  calm down there satan . 
   yes germans tend to be a bit bold . 
  so be bold yourself and do n't let them abuse you . 
  certainly in their social interactions they do n't fuck around or avoid confrontation . 
  that said , the german fear is real , which is why this country is insured out its arsehole . 
  switch the cigarette for a joint and the water for beer and you 've got yourself a quality day out . 
  do n't forget that the more genius , evil , cunning , super intelligent they portray the nazis , the more they stroke their own egos by vanquishing them . 
  what race is the race that defeats the master race ? 
  the master-master race ? 
  wait and see . 
  i do n't the eu want the uk to leave , it 's not in their interest . 
  the idea that the uk is just a greedy bossy nation is trite . 
  there 's certainly an argument that britain was always a square peg in a round hole .
