  seriously , gtfo . 
  `` anglo-saxon '' culture means next to nothing , no more than `` slavic '' culture . 
  it 's bordering on an ethnic slur and frankly you should know better . 
  you basically showed that you 're a nationalistic moron who thinks solely in crude stereotypes . 
  i would n't call that hitting a nerve , i 'd call it being a grade a prat . 
  in many ways , you 're no different from those trump supporters who talk about europe as if it were a singular country with completely homogeneous position on everything . 
  oh wow seriously get fucked mate . 
  i get it , you want to enjoy your little anglophobic narrative , all the english speaking nations are so similar and have the same ideology right . 
  seriously , what the fuck does the american media have to do with britain . 
  your lumping us all into together is about as justifiable as me calling you a bunch of fucking slavs . 
  all the same right those slavs right ? 
  all got the same agendas and motivations right ? 
  and certainly we should hold romania to account for what is said in the russian media . 
  oh and guess what , people of countries with a shared history can embrace their shared cultural heritage without getting lumped in with each other at every turn . 
  surely that 's exactly what the eu is all about ? 
  i had n't realised that the eu was an exclusive relationship kind of deal and that while shared feeling of european brotherhood are ok they must be at the exclusion of all other cultural ties . 
  seriously , europe is just getting filled with kind of weak minded anglophobia and it 's pure bullshit . 
   if you google `` european union failed '' you get a truckload of anglo-saxon opinion pieces , even from so-called ` respectable ' outlets like hoover institute , harvard business review , or the new yorker . 
  ah yes , because anglo-saxon opinion pieces are completely synonymous with british journalists , it 's not like there are almost as many `` anglo-saxon '' culture people in the world as there are people in the eu . 
  hoover , havard , and new york all summon images of britain 's green and pleasant lands for sure . 
  point i 'm making is that lumping `` anglo-saxon '' culture in together is barely more meaningful than talking about `` european '' culture , it consists of a diverse range of contradictory viewpoints . 
  well what i 'm saying is that neither country really sits well or understands the other particularly . 
  anglo-germanic relations are a fascinating really . 
  two countries with just a peculiar obtuse relationship to one another is strange even with the crazy politics we have these days . 
  i do n't think britain and germany have a `` rivalry '' though . 
  that 's a misunderstanding of the situation . 
  britain has a far more rival vibe with france , and germany with the netherlands . 
  german and britain are `` other '' to one another , and in fact each country generally each country has a somewhat narrow understanding of the other and their is a generally very little interest some either side . 
  a huge number of britons have never even been to germany , and barely know anything about the culture , and what the average german knows about britain tends to be limited to politics and london-centric set of clich\u00e9s . 
  if you 're talking about sports then britain simply wants to beat germany because of the world war legacies , and obviously this is not a sentiment shared on the other side are germans are generally happy national socialism was stopped . 
  what 's more interesting is how two countries , arguably the leading powers in the european continent , refuse to engage with each other in any meaningful way . 
  they 're waiting in the wings really . 
  corbyn has his own shadow government but it 's not like they 're all gone . 
  if corbyn does get power they will still influence things . 
  just as how the tories range from centre to hardline so do labour . 
   the uk was just in an admirable time-slot to hand the european markets off to the american ones . 
  your 5:00 pm closing bell hits wall st at 12:00 noon . 
  lol i really think there 's a bit more to the story of why london is global financial capital other than timezones . 
  nrw is actually an economic giant , do n't listen to that guy . 
  the difference is that bayern is an economic giant with more monies than people , and nrw is an economic giant with more people than monies . 
   and thus restoring trust from their core-electorate , just like corbyn in britain just want to point out that corbyn did n't oust the neoliberals from his party , just presents an opposition to them . 
  although corbyn has a somewhat hardline leftist history ( by the standards of recent years at least ) , his party ranges from hardline centrists to old left socialist . 
  i did n't mention any wars ? 
  i was talking more generally , as in how the course of european history runs . 
  the german can always look at the french and italians and be like `` ah but die kultur is zo bootiful !, 
  '' , and look upon them as their slightly dysfunctional artistic cousins , who , while not living up their high germanic standards for economy , civil order , or work ethic , help them improve their food , their street life , and their sophistication . 
  then they look over the channel as see a bunch of dysfunctional weirdos who eat weird food , have strange fashion , constantly seem to be unable to make their mind up on anything , and yet somehow seem to constantly be irritatingly relevant . 
  you ca n't deny this is a proud streak to german culture . 
  you see those german grannies in edeka checking the fruit and veg for an `` ursprung deutschland '' sticker . 
  you see those boxes with `` wein aus deutschen landen '' people proudly ride around with on the back of their bikes . 
  you know in germany a lot of people see the german way of things as the same as the right way of things . 
  where does britain fit into the german 's conception of world culture ? 
  it does n't nicely fit into their world view of the divide between southern , northern , and eastern europe . 
  the uk is germany 's wild card . 
  an ostensible similar nation that does things differently , with varying degrees of success , and that can cause the german a deep sense of confusion regarding their place in the world . 
  britons irk the germans just right imo . 
  we 're just laid back enough , just apathetic enough , and just successful enough to offend their sensibilities without giving them recourse to smug superiority as they do with the french and italians . 
  they have to live with the fact that for all their high culture , all their ordnung , all their dichting and denking , a scrappy little island to their north west has consistently undermined them for the last few hundred years !, 
  when did the europeans ever think the british were classy . 
  if anything they just try to mock our customs because they 're mad jelly . 
  like the germans who laugh at english breakfast while stuffing their faces with mett br\u00f6tchen and blutwurst . 
  or the french who our teatime while letting garlic butter dribble down their chins from the last snail they just ate . 
  the only one who think we 're classy at the nations do n't have to share holiday resorts with our best and brightest every summer , like americans , and they probably think brexit is a super classy thing to do !, 
  or at least the ones with hard ons for borderline dictators with bad hair . 
  lol , just say `` it 's about 200 miles that way and on the right '' . 
  lol italy calling nw europe 3rd world , sometimes reddit is very funny . 
  island nations ay !, 
  what you going to do !, 
  the romans were pretty hot for trojans as well , i 'd forgotten that . 
  not really . 
  british muslims were not a concern until isis started promoting radicalism in the disaffected . 
  there 's always some vulnerable social outcast out there that can be manipulated by giving them attention , and a sense of respect and purpose . 
  it 's not like immigrant populations are n't well integrated even . 
  large swathes are very well integrated , and their communities are no more or less law abiding than british communities of equivalent socio-economic backgrounds . 
  however , the problem is that with a population of this size people will always fall through the cracks , and that 's what radical muslim factions like isis are exploiting to cause disruption . 
  i think , although i 'm pretty spotty as it 's a long time since i studied any classics , that the romans had a legacy of coming out of the east . 
  they were certainly aware that the historically significant civilisations tended to be to the east of them what with egypt , turkey , and greece . 
  there was also a connection to greece as the early roman empire had spread once compassed both areas . 
  the roman foundation myth claimed that romulus was descended from greek and roman nobility . 
  i do n't think they would 've remembered the actual indo-european migration or have any accounts of it , but i think they were aware that civilisation was moving westwards and that areas to the west and north were wilder and comparatively uncivilised . 
  i imagine that the chinese author , who no doubt had a strong nationalistic bias , interpreted the roman origin stories as meaning the people came from china . 
  to be fair i find that the eu funding in places like yorkshire can be hit and miss due to the way it 's allotted . 
  for example , arts can get grants and they 'll put a big `` funded by the eu '' sign on it . 
  but that can just cause aggravation when there are people without jobs or desperate need of more pressing things . 
  i had a revelation a few months back when i realised that the n\u00fcrburgring actually had absolutely nothing to do with the city of nuremberg ( german : n\u00fcrnberg ) . 
  they are actually quite a few hundred km from one another . 
  i felt so lied to and deceived for some reason . 
  since i was a child watching f1 on a sunday with my family after sunday lunch i 'd associated the german grand prix with the beautiful medieval town of nuremberg , renowned for its undersized sausages and pan-national war trials ... apparently not . 
  i was being rhetorical . 
  nobody `` invented '' capitalism . 
  britain certainly contributed massively to the modern monetary system , the concept of market competition , and the modern banking system . 
  possibly more so than any other nation . 
  your indoctrination is showing . 
  britain pretty much invented capitalism , it would have to go a long way to become communist . 
  of course you 're american and have been trained to think of anything but the most extreme laissez-faire forms of capitalism as being communist . 
  i was reading about the first westerners in japan and turns out the portugese and british were fighting around then . 
  you say that i think it 's more complicated than that . 
  when i lived in the uk it felt like i had a lot more choice because there were chain fast food places ( alongside independent fast foods shops ) bloody everywhere . 
  within a few hundred metres of anywhere in the city i lived you could probably find mcdonalds ( or maybe bk ) , fish and chip shop , sandwich shop , curry house , greggs etc. 
  in germany it feels like you 're more limited in your choices in many places , which is why people will do stuff like go the rewe and buy a schnitzel in a br\u00f6tchen instead from a grumpy woman who looks like a school dinner lady .
