  in other countries self-employment is very simple , you effectively turn yourself into a company , you have the same tax free earnings as an individual and then pay tax on top of that as normal . 
  however in germany you are a freelance worker than frankly that really sucks , you pay your entire healthcare costs , costs which are designed to make you pay for your future nursing care needs ( which is absurd if you 're only in the country for a few years ) , in many professions you 're required to pay the state pension which is 21 % of your profits . 
  all additional to the regular tax which starts the moment you are earning over 900 euros a month which is pittance frankly . 
  the system is not adapted well for foreigners , especially those who do n't intend to live their entire lives in germany . 
  it creates a culture of employment , which may sound good but it actually favours big business by creating barriers to competition . 
  it also discourages the immigration of young and technically skilled workers that germany needs . 
  the reason germany needs programmers and developers so badly is because these are new professions , it 's not like many people take apprenticeships in these industries and they 're not regulated like older professions , so it poses a threat to the entire ethos of german thinking which is `` security , security , security '' . 
  anyway that 's my 2 pence , germany is obviously a lovely wealthy developed nation and nobody should feel discouraged from spending time here because of these things . 
  it 's very possible to cut a decent living here and relatively easy to attain a decent quality of life . 
  however it 's not an economic environment without faults and it will no doubt face numerous challenges over the next 20 years with adapting to an ever more rapidly changing economic climate possibly aggravated by the value it puts safety , and of course an ageing population putting a burden to the system . 
  if you go back to the start that 's exactly point i 'm making , germany is only over rated by the people outside of it who see it at the economic saviour of europe and a socialist paradise . 
  i assume you , as i , live in germany . 
  so you know very well that it has its shortcomings . 
  german politics strike me as very ideologically conflicted torn between fiscal conservatism on one hand and left wing social values on the other . 
  first paragraph is absolute bullshit , where do i support the status quo ? 
  i 'm relatively left wing . 
  i believe in ecological initiatives , growth of the public sector , welfare and healthcare , and other such good things . 
  however i am not so foolish to think that the solution is throwing the baby out with the bathwater and being wantonly anti-capitalist . 
  banks provide means for development of the third world , for the creation of sustainable initiatives . 
  it 's a very silly idea prominent amongst the young today that because some banks were greedy then therefore banking is bad . 
  no banking provides the very flow of capital that has allowed us to move away from hierarchal social structures and apathy , and it 's with banking and capitalism adapted for the 21st century that we 'll be able to create the impetus to build sustainable systems . 
  none of those countries are unregulated in slightest to start with . 
  germany however is over regulated often in a way that benefits the people that owns the means of production . 
  newcomers into market places are at a disadvantage killing competition whilst big pre-existing companies can rest on their laurels knowing they 're good with the regulators . 
  people with new business models get a hard time because the system is set up around what is well understood and safe , new models are automatically met with suspicion . 
  healthcare in germany for example is good but it 's also relatively very expensive especially for young people even compared who what private would cost , because legislators have made it you have no choice in the matter and there are only a small number of providers which does n't really create competition . 
  the law does n't benefit the majority of people . 
  germany has n't even caught up with the modern world regarding intellectual property either , gema is basically a government back cartel on the music industry , who take down music despite its creators explicitly making it freely available since the system is opt-out , and opting out is very complicated and expensive . 
  all to labour an antiquated system of copyright protection . 
  germany is great for getting a decent salary and a comfortable life , which leads to better welfare across the board , but it comes at a cost . 
  the problem i find here in germany is that you 're paying scandinavian tax but are n't getting scandinavian social welfare . 
  i 'm sorry but that level of na\u00efvet\u00e9 is unbelievable . 
  it 's the kind of thing you hear from social science 1st year undergrads who lack the remotest understanding of economics . 
  the progress of the last hundred years is the direct result of the uptake of modern capitalism and then a fiat monetary system . 
  the alternatives we have are old fashioned goods backed currency , a system that massively favours the rich in allowing them to keep their money in a vault without the need for money to circulate to retain its value . 
  banks are the reason why money circulates and society moves forward . 
  alternatively there is communism which ultimately puts control of labour and production in the hands of politicians who are certainly no better than the banks when it comes to greed and corruption . 
   it 's completely detached from the people and businesses that actually produce real value , this is complete bollocks that only people who do n't understand what banks do say . 
  if i mine coal out of the ground and sell it i create value by introducing my goods in the economy , if i run a concierge service for rich business men i am selling a service and creating value . 
  if i run a bank i am selling a service whereby i provide you a return on your investment through the interest you get on your money . 
  i take on risk like any businessman in the belief that i will , through skills and ability , make a return on my overall venture in order to be able to pay your interest . 
  banks provide a lot of real value to the economy and that is why they make so much money . 
  moreover they have a useful function within society at a meta level insofar as they provide people who have a means to generate money at an interest beating rate to have access to all the capital they could desire , meaning that that profit generation will expand to whatever level it is able to . 
  this is literally how money is generated , not monopoly money that will decrease the overall value of the currency , but real money back by the real value whatever is generating that profit is providing . 
  to suggest otherwise is absurd . 
   but is still able to fuck up everything without having to fear of real punishment . 
  all while using it 's power to block every attempt to regulate and repair a broken system . 
  these are nothing to do with banking itself , although they might be true some cases . 
  it 's up to legislators to regulate the banks and not allow them to survive if uncompetitive or corrupt . 
  there is nothing inherently bad about banking at all , and if you believe otherwise you 're an idiot . 
  i 'll also add that i 'm not defending bad banking like what happened in 2007 , but the idea that because bad banking occurs then banking is bad is just the most obvious of logical fallacies going . 
  banking is here to stay , people should be thinking about how to ensure good high profit , sensible risk banking rather than bashing the notion of banking as inherently corrupt . 
  it 's this type of absurd believe that allows banks to be bad in the first place out of a sense of resignation to a less than optimal situation . 
  your comment about china is just na\u00efve because what do you expect ? 
  we live in a culture of globalisation , do you expect britain to shun foreign money on moral grounds . 
  germany implements some protectionist economic policies because for now it can get away with it , ever reliant on its powerful export market . 
  the uk simply does n't have that option so it has to deal with world finance to a greater degree . 
  that said if you do n't think billions in chinese , russian and arab currency is n't being invested in germany every year then you 'd be mistaken . 
  i ca n't even tell what your point is , that it 's somehow bad that quatar is putting money into london ? 
  because that 's a very good think unless you think britain should be an insular economy that resists investment on the grounds of looking after people who were born in britain . 
  seems totally absurd . 
  the british banking sector is vastly more powerful than any other european country , especially germany , and all the best german bankers have already packed up and moved to london from frankfurt . 
  it 's easy to hate the banks for the recession , but nobody was saying that before when they rolling in cash . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with banking , it 's now picking up again and everyone will be singing their praises for bringing more prosperity to the uk . 
  i agree . 
  but at some point fiscal conservatism is negatively impacting public welfare . 
  you assume there is no such corruption in germany , which is wrong . 
  they also have bad politicians and corrupt financial greed , they are one of the biggest traders with russia and their cars run on the very same middle eastern oil . 
  your comment about china is just retarded , in fact your whole comment is . 
  hardly . 
  germany has very introvert economic academic culture and rejects mainstream keynesian economic models . 
  it 's a real bone of contention and why certain countries declined to be part of the eurozone . 
  arguably germany is irrationally conservative economically , hindering themselves when the world economic climate is good to save for a rainy day . 
  it played out well for them in with the economic recession but if you look back they were gimping themselves against competitors when the going was good . 
  germans irrationally associate inflation with wars and financial ruin and debt with shame . 
  in many ways this promotes the economic status quo , hurts new businesses and has led to an employment culture over entrepreneurship . 
  germany is great for social mobility in many ways , but it 's rubbish at supporting grass roots economic innovation . 
  edit : wow the downvotes really show how moronic some people are , germany is hardly a perfect economic model to look at , this is uncontroversially true even if it has its strengths , and anyone who needs to downvote the slightest of criticism must have fallen prey to irrational germany worship . 
  i 'm sorry i disagree , we are not historically alike obviously , but there is nothing inherent about these differences of circumstance . 
  my point is that what is possible for nation is possible for another , whether they want to pursue the same goals is besides the point . 
  exceptionalism breeds the idea that their is something inherently different about a place or people , this is a mistake that breeds arrogance and ignorance of the bigger picture . 
  whatever difference there is between people , is merely circumstantial . 
  i do know that , i 'm just making a comment about the awesome soviet art style . 
  to me is seems that anywhere that believes itself exceptional is by necessity deluded . 
  moreover exceptionalism breeds complacency . 
  all humans are alike no matter where they 're born and into which culture , it 's what we collectively choose that dictates what a place is like , and all countries are capable of choosing the same things . 
  whatever you say they had a better art style though . 
  smooth criminals , perhaps , actual criminals , i think not . 
  i was n't suggesting that they were like for like , i just imagine that people who live in , say , the state of georgia , imagine that georgia is relatively important , so asking why britain or france is important , when you maintain the importance of a state with 10 million people and a gsp of under half a trillion , is a bit silly . 
  the uk has x5 the gdp and x6 the population of georgia , and that 's the 10th biggest state in the union . 
  point being , that while they look small on the map , if you have to ask yourself why places like the uk and france are still relatively important then you do n't understand population density or economics in the slightest . 
  5th and 6th largest world economies . 
  each having roughly 1/5 of the us population . 
  major financial centres , the city of london being more significant than wall street in some metrics . 
  cultural leaders that have impacted modern life vastly immensely in history , and continue to do so just not quite on the same scale . 
  americans should be asking themselves why anywhere in the us outside of california , texas and the north east is important , because most us states are less important financially and politically than small european countries like denmark and austria . 
  if you were n't an arsehole you would n't be encouraging a brexit with your blas\u00e9 anti-british attitude . 
  the loss of the eu 's 2nd economy would be a full scale disaster for the eu . 
  undermining british significance by claiming it would `` barely register '' is not only disingenuous , but flat out economically illiterate . 
  were a brexit to occur the eu probably will survive , but it would have serious ramifications that would threaten its integrity , devalue its currency , and set a dangerous precedent for other nations where anti-eu sentiment is a realistic threat .
