  that title i 'd give to the japanese and americans . 
  germany society values its `` freizeit '' and `` feierabenden '' more than most other countries imo and their strong laws mandating public holidays , having sunday off , flexible working hours , and paid holiday are reflective of that . 
  i really think the difference in germany , compared to the uk at least , is the respect germans have for work and education at all levels of society . 
  germans on average really to buy into the idea that you can go to school to learn to become better at virtually anything , and also believe that virtually any job has an element of artistry to it which means you ca n't just hire someone , set them to it , and expect the same result . 
  just as in germany bureaucracy there is a form or procedure for virtually every eventuality , there is also a school to learn alleged skills and a school of thought governing that role in society . 
  in the uk comparatively , there is a sense of disregard for anything considered menial , and assumption that most work that does n't require a higher education is probably easy enough as to mean that anyone can do it , and that consequently formal education is pointless . 
  which is perhaps true in regard to the continued function of society , yet you ca n't expect the same quality of work from someone who has n't had much by way of formal training . 
  additionally , i 'd say that there is more of an assumption that success comes from innate natural talent rather than long practised craftsmanship . 
  perhaps our society is premised more on the idea that you need geniuses at the top , and obedient people to follow down below . 
  you can see this in the comparative university systems of each country . 
  in britain ( and most anglo nations to be honest ) , there is a focus on elite educational institutions which produce 90 % of our politicians , industry leaders , academics etc. 
  germany , by comparison , has a much less top heavy structure to its educational system , with less discrepancy between its universities , and also an applied science institute system aimed at teaching practical skills alongside it which , by germans at least , it considered on par with the university system with respect to employability . 
  the thing that i find most interesting about this situation is the question of whether the german system really makes people more effective in their work , or how much of the success of the system can be put down to the faith the german people have in it . 
  i sometimes find it shocking how people can take qualifications so seriously , especially when institutions at the lower end of the spectrum ca n't possibly be expected to hold themselves to the same standards as more prestigious ones . 
  semi-skilled work like hairdressing , sales , retail etc. 
  seem to me to be things you either naturally take to or you do n't , and who are we to tell such people to go to school , and who are well to tell employers that they should prefer applicants who 've been to hairdressing school over unqualified applicants who have proved their ability first hand and perform adequately in their roles . 
  the german education system is a strange beast from a british perspective , with a heavy focus on mathematics and languages , a great deal more prescriptive learning , and a focus on knowing correct facts and deriving correct premises . 
  the british education system is comparatively more focussed on writing and rhetoric , with the goal being on learning to take an academic approach to material , which it is assumed you will then furnish with knowledge and skills that are actually marketable in the economy of your own accord . 
  i ca n't help but suspect the former system actually benefits the bulk of people more , as they learn more marketable and practical skills , while the latter system , assuming it 's successful which often it 's not , turns out a lot of people who can write lovely arguments of crafted rhetoric but lack numerical literacy and practical know-how . 
  the problem is that the british system is premised on people being auto-didactic , giving students the skills needed to learn rather than teaching them skills directly , which is not true of the majority of people . 
  perhaps unfortunately , i think the british cynicism and attitude to formal education means that simply trying to recreate the german system would be impossible . 
  the practical and instructive nature of german education would come off as patronising and false in britain , whose population for the most are less willing to accept that they will benefit from putting themselves under the tutelage of someone with claims to authority on a matter . 
  part of this is due to the different ways each society is structured , the uk having a much more significant cultural class divide , while german society has become more unitary , which education playing the role of class in some regards . 
  german society really focusses on social `` zusammenarbeit '' ( working together ) , in a way the fractured and divided nature of british society can not sustain . 
  edit : fun fact : germany was deeply enamoured with the elite british educational system , as he saw it as producing the ideal military officer class . 
   yes , but it was not really french as a nation . 
  guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant was a normand , and he was pretty indepedent from french kingdom . 
  it was france geographically speaking with our current border , but not france back in the days what you mean to say that all the true cool good french went north to found britain and the left the losers with their baguettes in the south right ? 
  oh come off it . 
  n. ireland has been an albatross around britain 's neck for decades , britain really does n't want to retain it for territorial reasons . 
  there are clear mechanisms in place for how n. ireland can go become one with the roi , and really all that is left is a process of waiting for the generation of people living in n. ireland who are staunchly pro-britain to die off and for attitudes to shift . 
  the arguments that the wishes of the inhabitants of northern ireland who are pro-british should n't be respected , on the basis of their being `` planted '' hundreds of years ago holds zero sway whatsoever . 
  the nationalist arguments that rely on premises of blood and soil are quite clearly bollocks and belong to a different era . 
  when n. ireland decides it wants to go stop being part of britain it will , the british government has conceded that that 's the only thing that matters . 
  opinions show that the populace of great britain is generally sympathetic to the irish side of things and would like a solution to be reached . 
  rhetoric like this , acting as if nothing has changed in 100 years and that ireland was still under the yoke of an aggressive militaristic britain is legitimately harmful to the debate , and seeks to undermine the peace process . 
  if ireland are european it 's because they 've embraced what they perceive it means to be european . 
  it 's a politically contentious issue because the eu in many ways was seen as way to stop themselves being so under the influence of westminster , so ireland has strongly embraced the european identity in a way that the uk has n't . 
  ultimately is n't that what it comes down to ? 
  what people think . 
  there 's only 25 miles of water between england and france , but similarly there 's only a narrow stretch of water between turkey and greece , yet we widely hold europe to stop when you cross that water . 
  no because the water is so significant , but rather because the people on the other side of it not longer relate to europe in the same way . 
   turning it around , i do n't feel the us is british at all . 
  there is a strong british influence on our history , but since then we have diverged in very fundamental ways . 
  almost 20 % of the us is hispanic , for instance , which is a huge cultural influence that the uk does not have . 
  another 13 % is african american , again , unknown in the uk . 
  the huge waves if immigration from other european countries have also changed us . 
  ( similar history in canada . ), 
  to that i could argue that britain is only 87 % white british , 7 % asian ( from asia not east asian ) , 3 % black british , and 2 % mixed race . 
  obviously `` african american '' is unknown in the uk , it 's defined by being in america , but we have roughly 2 million black people in the uk in a population of 65 million . 
  black people are not `` unknown '' . 
  arguably the identity `` british '' rather than say , `` english '' , is an all encompassing identity that that is applicable to all the inhabitants of the former british empire that choose to make britain their home , and in this sense a british indian is just as much british as a british englishman . 
  it is not necessarily a geographic term . 
  britain does not , like many european countries , associate the british identity with birth and blood , but rather sees it more like a new world identity that is open to all regardless of their ethnicity or ancestry . 
   does a frenchman feel un-european ? 
  do you think they have more of what you list as ties , to a german ? 
  estonian ? 
  yet , they see all three countries as european . 
  i definitely do sense a much greater sense of pro-european camaraderie that emerged after ww2 , a sense of togetherness and being unavoidably tied to one another , that britain does n't necessarily share in . 
  i ca n't speak for the whole of europe but definitely think in central/western mainland europe . 
  perhaps it 's to do with schengen and being able to drive through a borderless europe which the uk ca n't access that makes mainland so sure of its rightful unity . 
  i think most people consider britain to be european in the geographic sense , and i think most europeans would like britain to be part of their happy european family , but there is definitely a sense of despair with britain and it 's inability to properly ingratiate itself with the gang . 
  they call us the `` island '' and are fully aware of the fact that britain does n't see itself as part of the family in the same way that the central border sharing european nations do . 
   well , i listed all the reasons that i ( and , i have to add , the rest of the world ) say that the uk is a european country . 
  you argued with those reasons , but none of those arguments are unique to the uk . 
  all the other european countries speak different languages , all the other european countries are on the eurasian plate , etc. . actually , english is effectively the common tongue of europe , as a majority of europeans speak it . . 
  there 's a big difference between speaking a language as a second language and having it as the basis for your culture . 
   yes , your history is that of every other european country , alternating alliances and wars for hundreds of years . 
  except portugal . 
  stayed allied with them for a very long time . 
  but this is also a relationship we share with our ex-colonies too . 
  i do n't really see how the fact we fought the french makes it more like them than new world countries that were settled by huge number of people who were born in our country . 
   again , the only part i find interesting is why you resist this idea of being a european country so much . 
  if not european , what is the uk ? 
  unique ? 
  i do n't resist this idea , i 'm really just playing devil 's advocate . 
  it 's just a hear this attitude a lot of the time that it 's just so obvious that britain is european to everyone who is n't from there , however , i think this assertion is a bit glib and inauthentic . 
  when you look at things objectively , is it so crazy to believe that the anglo influence on the world vast enough to warrant it 's own cultural category ( the same could be said of spanish too ) . 
  with so many hundreds of millions of speakers who unavoidably share in our culture , is it really so crazy for some to assert that being european ( on the mainland ) is one category , and that being from the british isles is a whole other category , in the same way that north american is a different identity than that of south american . 
   did i mention that i have lived in various european countries ( including the uk ) , as well as the us ? 
  i have also lived in various european countries , in fact i 'm writing this from one right now , one of which i 'm pretty fluent in the language of , which is why it 's so hard for me to understand your assertion that britain so obviously has so much in common with mainland europe . 
  having lived in a european country to the point of learning their entirely different language and culture , it seems odd to me that someone who is clearly a native english speaker would assert that britain has so much in common with the mainland . 
   oh , and not all of the us uses common law , by the way yes i 'm well aware of louisiana , but i do n't think it really change my point , scotland has a mixed legal system too very similar to louisiana . 
  i 'm just using the us as an example to try to make you think about this from a different perspective . 
  you seem very certain that britain belongs in a category that encompasses the whole continent . 
  yet i doubt you believe that the us belong in a `` british category '' despite the fact we share so much culturally . 
  i just do n't understand why you think britain is so obviously `` european '' , when so much of history centres around conflict between the british isles and the mainland , how much we 've ideologically opposed each other , how british culture spawned colonies of millions of people trying to put distance between themselves and europe etc. 
  honestly i just do n't get why you think britain is european anymore than australia or the us is european . 
  ultimately i am pro european and i think britain should be considered part of europe and that working together and bringing mainland and british culture closer together is very much a good thing , but i can also appreciate that there is a strong cultural divide between the isles and the continent that some people decide makes britain `` not europe '' . 
   this is the 4th time i am asking , but why is it so important to you that you not be considered a european country ? 
  it 's not important to me . 
  i think britain is european in many ways . 
  what bewilders me is how you think we 're all so similar and yet a country like the united states is so different . 
  your outlook , that the uk is so like the rest of europe , but that the us is supremely different utterly bewilders me . 
  as far as i am concerned the us is as least as similar to the uk as the uk is to france , and perhaps even more similar . 
  but i 'm not shocked when you do n't identify as european . 
  i 'm sensing your attitude is a bit like `` you europeans '' , as if america was n't a country settled and defined by europeans . 
  yes we did fight one another , and most of ancestors of americans were involved in those wars too , they have about as much to do with me today as they do with an white american . 
  how does the expectations of europeans on their government differ in any sense from those of canadians or new zealanders ? 
  how are those expectations `` uniquely european '' .
