but undoubtedly only a mere clue novice . 
  as a european , i think your opinion was probably more influenced by mel gibson than reason so i do n't care . 
  what do you know , you had no clue . 
  yeah well i could say equal generalisations about germany , try opening a small business , try getting on the property ladder in any real sense of the term , try doing anything innovative at all when you 're not an industry power player , try living off the german state national pension in 20 years time , enjoy going back to university and living like at student for 6 years when you want a change of career because your industry is so protected you ca n't get involved without ticking the right boxes and the education system is so slow to turn out graduates . 
  germany is a nice place when you 're on the right side of joyless bureaucrats or at the top of a gigantic machine , but for the individual a decent rental and a nice bmw is about all you can dream of , we british do n't want that shit either . 
  upperclass arrogance , as least they have some character over germany 's bland professional bourgeois , i live in munich so i can tell you first hand about that . 
  nice trains are ok except when they 're striking and for all its faults the premier league has more international talent than the bundesliga , it 's simple supply and demand . 
  say where 's germany 's nhs ? 
  i guess deutsche bahn is more of an accomplishment than having a free at delivery healthcare system for all . 
  europe has got it 's head stuck up its arse just as much as the british do and i 'm saying this as a left of centre british liberal , and unless we 're willing to meet compromises then the eu will be doomed to be germany and outliers scandanavia with the latin and eastern european countries tagging along for the ride . 
  nice over simplification . 
  lots of countries have eurosceptic movements . 
  truth is germany and france and some other countries are a lot more in consensus about so many issues than they are with britain . 
  i 'm very pro-eu but i do n't agree with much of mainland europe 's policies . 
  i endorse new keynesian economics , i want a higher rate of investment , i do n't want the inflexible protective euro controlled by germans who associate economic flux with the rise of nazism , i do n't want over regulated markets , i do n't want stifling bureaucracy or unions so strong they inhibit economic growth in any industry but exports . 
  things in europe are much more similar than they are in the uk , and thus we actually need to be different , the eu should understand that , but instead the uk get 's bullied out of having real influence due to not being of the same mind . 
  so whilst i 'm not a eurosceptic i can at least understand their point of view , because they 're pessimistic about a resolution being possible . 
  i remain optimistic , although it does n't help when we get snubbed by merkel despite the fact the uk contribute a lot to our little union in favour of cronyism with fran\u00e7ois hollande, 
  the eu parliament is too pro-regulation and fiscally conservative imo . 
  i 'm not a fan of a lot of what a lot of the uk parliament do but i think the main eu major players have some very bad policies . 
  here in germany there is too much cloying protectionism , bureaucracy , protection of jobs even when it 's not financially viable . 
  i considered myself left of centre when it comes to government , but more liberal when it comes to the private sector and social policy . 
  what i see on the mainland is governments that are economically left of centre , but a stifling attitude towards the private sector that sometimes amounts of a form of economic conservatism , and sometimes conservative social policies . 
  germany is held up as the golden child of europe but lots of things here are fucked up in my opinion . 
  new businesses are n't given enough chance or tax cuts , market cartels are a big problem , idiots like the german banking industry committee artificially keep wealth in country through aggressive regulation , health insurance and state pensions are fucked up . 
  there 's no gay marriage because the major party still maintains the fascade of christian values , police waste their time following every letter of the law including arresting people for joints and having the cases thrown out of court at the cost of the tax payer . 
  the ethos of change is n't here either , the only place you 'll see that is in the export market that the entire nation depends on . 
  i do n't like cameron 's britain any more than any other left wing british person but frankly i do n't see merkel 's germany as that much better . 
  i personally think the eu needs britain as a counterpoint to the stagnant mentality of european conservatism . 
  personally what i 'd like to see out of the eu is a synthesis of modern thinking . 
  governments that tax fairly and relatively highly toward to the rich , nationalise industries like healthcare for everyone ( no just those with contract employment or benefits as in germany ) and other industries like public transport , but know how to leave the private sector and banking sector alone when it comes to making money and focus on providing workers rights only . 
  furthermore i 'd like to see an attitude of modernism and liberalism , not a by the book bureaucracy and the creation of market holds by regulation alone , we ca n't be so blindly ideological to not see how free markets can be harassed for benefit . 
  furthermore many european nations actually have backwards social policies out of some outmoded notion of morality , we need drug decriminalisation and the legalisation of prostitution across the board . 
  my feelings are distinctly pro eu . 
  however i think britain lacks influence in the eu which is disappointing . 
  the recession put all the cards in the hands of the germans who , whilst doing many things right , do a hell of a lot wrong too . 
  the french are all to liable to follow germany 's lead and never listen to a british side of the argument . 
  way too much pro-german mentality in the eu right now . 
  the germans have a terrible banking sector and service economy out of exports , they 're terrified by inflation . 
  many of their industries are over regulated as fuck and it 's not a place where change happens unless it 's mandated from on high by big industry . 
  i fear that without britain the eu would just become greater germany and without the eu then britain would just become america 2.0 . 
  the real problem is divisive politics in the european parliament where healthy middle ground does n't seem to be happening right now . 
  i disagree , the eu does n't need to be one minded place . 
  without the uk germany would just have unchallenged control . 
  i live in germany and let me tell you that much of their politics and policy are retarded . 
  i 'd rather we all stayed together and the uk contributed an alternative vision of the eu , having more impact on legislature , than see the eu become greater germany , and be subject to their fiscal conservatism , slow moving legal ethos , restrictive education policies and focus on exports . 
  plenty of people are overweight that do n't seem `` overweight '' . 
  most of the people we class as outwardly fat are actually obese . 
  there 's a big gap between the medical definition of overweight and what ordinary people perceive overweight . 
  a little bit of a gut or lots of time bulking doing weights can easily put you in the overweight bmi range . 
  we also know how people described the pronunciation of the day though . 
  this can tell us a lot , for example if a sound was rounded or voiced , purely from how people described it . 
  for example the pronunciation of - r in middle english was described as like a growl , from this we can assume is was rhotic . 
  we can also look at how english was considered against other languages at the time which we have information about . 
  actually shakespeare would n't speak or write this in this english . 
  shakespeare is early modern english and this is middle english . 
  this is how shakespeare 's great-great grandfather might 've spoken perhaps . 
  interestingly many changes were going on in english during shakespeare 's time , some of his older characters actually mock the speech of younger characters . 
  for example a word like presumption would used to be pronounced something like `` pree-zump-tee-on '' , and the old man is complaining about the young people and their `` pree-zumpt-shun '' . 
   thankfully the americans took this english and gave the world the english we know today . 
  roughly yeah . 
  i can hear both . 
  what you can hear clearly is the effect of the latinised / italianised orthography . 
  typically the norman elite in england followed to more latin orthography and borrowed from latinate vowels positions for pronunciation . 
  what letter correlated with which sound was somewhat regional before this influence . 
  no only leading to huge variation in spelling , but also reflected the strong regional differences in pronunciation . 
  a word like `` care '' might be better realised as `` kerr '' in one part of the country or `` cayr '' in another . 
  interestingly this is something that has been preserved more in something like german and maybe dutch where the vowels and orthography are much more in agreement than in modern english which moved away a bit . 
  the main reason for this is because these languages tend to revise their spelling every once in a while so the orthography remains close to phonetic . 
  certainly when you start pronouncing english according to latinate orthography it simultaneously sounds more italian and more dutch/german as well . 
  on the whole just more like a mainland european language . 
  what 's interesting is that the - ay diphthong sounds quite similar to how it is spoken in the local dialects around me . 
  life is hard in germany without german . 
  hell it 's hard with intermediate german . 
  doing all the official stuff is a nightmare . 
  i believe when churchill said `` we will fight them on the beaches '' he was referring to mallorca . 
  i 'm pretty sure getrawe is n't german word , and that duytschen is n't an english word , teutonic might sound better . 
  leave my favourite uncle out of this !, 
  makes me [ think of this for some reason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8eg-mwddlc ), 
  also apart from what that other guy said the treatments of hiv/aids are much more effective , most of those people will have a good quality of life, 
  teens do n't have many previous partners and do n't engage in particularly high risk activity though . 
  even in homosexual communities transmission rates are quite low , the spread in the 80s came about due to the complete lack of knowledge about the disease for a long time . 
  someone might 've been infected for months/years during which they had dozens/hundreds of sexual partners , passing the disease on to maybe 2-3 % of them . 
  of course when a large number of people are doing this , and absolutely nobody see condoms as necessary , you get the problems . 
  now most gay communities are educated on the nature of the disease drug users are much more at risk group , since people who are addicted to iv drug use tend to make very bad decisions . 
  do n't forget apple pie , frankfurters and doughnuts . 
  still , all these foods have been appropriated by americans to the point where many americans see them as traditional americans foods . 
  selling kebabs in any great quantity however would be like trying to sell lamb in any great quantity in america , it will be perceived as a niche unamerican food . 
  if it ai n't murican they do n't want it !, 
  also far better prices in those independent places , and a lot more variety . 
  7 euros for a meal in mcdonalds ? 
  i can get a pizza/chinese/thai for less . 
  when i lived in the uk mcdonalds seemed more reasonable because it was the cheapest warm meal you could buy , even a kebab cost # 4.50 ( or at least what passes for a kebab in the uk , cmon pitta bread ? 
  ) , but in germany there are so many better options . 
  the only kebab chain i know is oliva , and generally they 're not as good as many indie ones . 
  electronic are n't that expensive , i had to send to friends in israel and eastern europe because they pay so much there . 
  so the following must be true if you 're to have a valid point . 
  it 's also arrogant if native speakers of languages that are n't english or dutch to address you in english without first asking if you speak english . 
  after all they are equally guilty of assuming you speak english as the english speaking natives who do the same . 
  if this is true then i 'm perfectly willing to accept your point .
