  what a resent is this kinda half arsed socialism that is dominated by capitalist logic at its core , and the way people rush to defend it without putting it under a harsh critical microscope . 
  because it will be the difference between a left wing or right wing brexit . 
  it will have ramifications for the european economy as it will probably effect the trading relationship , whether britain supports trump more or supports the eu . 
  yes one or the other does make a difference . 
   i think part of the social contract is that everyone should look to provide for themselves and that you should not leech off of other peoples work . 
  if you are claiming benefits in my mind ( and also in that of the law ) you declare that you are able to take up a job immediately . 
  i understand that . 
  but i think you 're being naive by seeing that such a policy creates a lot of easy labour for businesses , and this easy labour reduces their need to under germany 's admittedly good system of labour laws , but what 's their value if they are n't applied universally and skirted by work programmes and contracts that prey on precisely those people who ca n't afford to say no . 
   i do n't exactly know i have n't calculated this either . 
  unemployed people working these as side gigs is also just a side effect of minijobs and not their primary purpose . 
  oh come on now . 
  nothing happens by accident you know . 
  it might not have been the plan when they first came to exist but the subsequent laws have been based around them . 
  last year the law was changed to ensure that eu migrants would take mini-jobs after a certain period of unemployment . 
   the world is n't fair . 
  qualifications do n't translate well all the time . 
  i also doubt a german nurse could easily work in the us as a nurse for example . 
  so the world is n't fair so we should n't seek to make it so ? 
  and yes , a german nurse ( or british nurse for that matter ) , could work in the us . 
  it 's not as simple as turning up and starting work but it 's a feasible process of examinations that allows it to happen . 
  also , the us and germany are n't in a political union with on another , but germany and hungary are . 
  qualifications do n't translate but arguably within a fair political union they must . 
  german people will never accept this because they 're so attached the superiority of their own system ( see the bologna system for an example of how germany fought tooth and nail to adopting the most common educational system found in the world over its own relatively different system ) . 
   because you need someone to evaluate the work , you need someone to instruct more people . 
  you need to pay people for that trial time . 
  a trial need n't cost more than it would cost to hire and intern for a few weeks . 
  it 's really not that hard to evaluate someone 's work , any manger should be able to do that while balancing their normal schedule . 
  this is how it would work if you joined a supermarket in most countries and it 's not expensive . 
   german societal rules are built around germany . 
  there is nothing wrong with that in my mind . 
  this also has nothing to do with germany for the germans ... 
  this is where the problem lies though . 
  i see a massive conflict in germany 's future at some point between the desire to global , create an ever closer union , the need for free trade , and also the aspect of german society and culture that is deeply protectionist ( only compounded by the prejudice some germans hold which is that german standards are higher than the rest of the world ) . 
  germany is profiting from the eu , however due to protectionism and also the prevailing logic of fiscal conservatism it means that money tends to flow in more than it flows out . 
  germany is happy to sell its cars in romania and romanians are happy to buy them , but when the average german goes to the supermarket he does n't even really want to buy vegetables grown in a different bundesland never mind buy romania spargel or whatever . 
  fiscal conservatism means germany profits from exporting to other eu countries , but that money does n't as readily leave germany as it would from another economy , much rather it gets bogged down in risk management funds and other protections that do their utmost to avoid accruing the german kryponite ... debt . 
  the thing is in a real union there needs to be parity . 
  if other countries are going to buy their cars you 'll need to buy stuff they make from there . 
  if germany continues to be obsessed with the `` made in germany '' label there will problems later on when other countries do n't share in germany 's economic success . 
   the uk was free to employ similar measures to prevent eastern europeans flocking in so freely and yes i do believe that it would have worked out better for the uk had they taken such measures . 
  i doubt the british people would 've ever accepted system more similar to germany 's as fair . 
  employers do n't like be told who to employ , and people do n't like thinking every does n't get their chance to show their ability due to lack of bureaucratic stamps or papers . 
  from a long term and purely impersonal perspective it might be good that britain is out , as now britain can go about building a society that reflects its own standards and politics , and the eu can become more streamlined resolving these inner paradoxes like the one i mentioned above . 
  i 'm sad , because i wanted our union to work , but maybe it was doomed from the off . 
   no not with a minijob . 
  that is the entire point of a minijob , that you are not liable for these contributions . 
  please read what i said again . 
  above 450 you would lose your non-liability . 
  you seem to be missing a lot of what i 'm saying , no offence . 
   i am absolutely seeing that effect . 
  i do not think that is wrong though . 
  in fact i think it is very right to get these people into jobs to reduce the burden on the german society . 
  also working 10 hours a week is not exactly all their time regardless so you think people should be made to simply put to work ( at the benefit of big business i 'll add ) simply because they 're claiming benefits . 
  seems unfair to me , the very point of benefits is to support people unable to get a good job , using them as cheap labour for business is shady af . 
  if you premise making them work on moral grounds why not have them do charity work and or even fulfil some kind of paid civil service ( e.g litter cleaning ) rather than exploit their situation to fill the coffers of rewe or edeka . 
   there would also be a higher burden of unemployment for the german public , it would make it harder to find side jobs for say university students . 
  would there ? 
  is 5 people on unemployment benefit all with minijobs more expensive than 4 people on benefits and 1 person earning a living wage . 
  there 's also a strong moral argument that the latter situation is more justifiable , surely it 's better to give 1 person a real job with the dignity of non-state dependence rather than 5 people false employment that is conditioned on state support . 
   and then she can apply to work in a supermarket ? 
  german employers can look at cvs and that cv will get passed up for another cv with the standard apprenticeship for legal reasons . 
  frau m\u00fcller gets the job but frau kov\u00e1cs goes to the arbeitsamt . 
  that 's fair right ? 
   but you do n't know a persons skills . 
  if they have the certificate to prove that they have the skills you know what they should have learned , what they should know . 
  `` should '' being the important word , which is entirely premised on the notion that superior education correlates with superior performance , which can itself be misplaced , especially with low skill work like shop keeping . 
   and having people work trial is expensive . 
  how is it ? 
  certainly that depends on the law around work trials too . 
   suprise : german society works on german norms . 
  it is in germany after all . 
  yes , germany for the germans . 
  real spirit of globalism there . 
   so for the people it matters for ? 
  also not just for those actually there have been numerous efforts to replicate the german system in other countires . 
  yeah , germany for the germans . 
  foreigners allowed but only when they 're in the queue behind native borns . 
   i feel like your main issue seems o be that german employers expect things to be in germany like they do in germany and that makes it harder for immigrants , which of course is true , but also hardly unique to germany . 
  in the uk we actually were fair and opened our employment market to the eu in a way that was n't protectionist . 
  i ca n't help that britain really does embrace truly globalist thought a lot better than germany does . 
  you can see how it worked out with the eu though ( see : brexit ) . 
  so maybe we should 've also employed such protectionist measures , then again , britain going to britain , so maybe it 's better that we 're out in a long term respect . 
  the problem with your logic is that it assume britain would 've been forced into this ever closer union , which shows an almost conspiracy level degree of paranoia around it . 
  what we could 've done is waited for the eu to try to integrate further , dug our heels in , refused further integration , and held onto what we had under the status quo due to legally binding nature of the treaties they 've already signed . 
  like the eurozone , we could 've opted out of an ever closer union . 
  we probably could 've just help onto our relatively sweet deal while the eu pursued closer integration . 
  they have no legal precedent to remove the rights we have secured thus far . 
  problem is that too many brexiteers are paranoid and unrealistic about politics , they though that the eu was going to get one over on the british public and take us into a union against our will , which is absurd . 
  because the uk can fuck your shit up with the direction is takes the geopolitical situation . 
  your attitude is pathetically myopic . 
  why care what any of the big world economies do in that case . 
   i could also earn more as a student in germany ( i think the threshhold is around 8k annually for no taxes ) . 
  yes but you 'd lose entitlement to unemployment benefits ( assuming you 're not a student ) , and would become liable for hi contributions of 200 euros a months ( with your employer becoming liable for another 200 ) . 
   : if you work up to 14 hours a week you are still counted as unemployed . 
  it is literally impossible to work more than 14 hours per week on a minijob at minimum wage ( or you 'd earn more than you can on a mini job ) , so these people remain part of the statistics . 
  do n't you see how that 's integral to the points i 've been making . 
  people who are on benefits are pressured into taking mini-jobs which benefit big business and shifts costs away from the german taxpayer but it 's their time and energy you are taking from them , time and energy that would be ideally spent on seeking real employment or education to allow them a dignified way of living instead of state dependence . 
   if they do n't have the qualifications for anything else then it is better to have these people work minijobs while looking for something else than being unemployed . 
  if there were n't any mini-jobs ( or at least if unemployed people were n't routinely pushed into them ) there would be more real jobs capable of supporting people instead of employing them on the artificial way the is conditioned on state support . 
   yes it is harder without a support network .
