  i did n't learn german just to use bloody google . 
   it 's actually `` pass muster '' . 
  turns out that the kids get tested . 
  if they pass some sort of aptitude test , they get a recommendation . 
  and only those getting a recommendation are counted in the statistics . 
  fuck the rest . 
  ok , that 's a very old fashioned phrase that i doubt many people outside of the military would be aware of . 
   i hope that google can help you with the translation . 
  why would i use google translate on a language i know already !, 
  hate to say it but germany is just as much guilty of `` fake employment '' as most other developed nations . 
  you 've got a huge number of people who 've been pushed into freelance work with no security and no obligation from the employers to pay for their employees pension/health insurance/unemployment insurance etc. 
  so they 've just passed costs onto individuals . 
  this sector is growing rapidly in germany . 
  you also have a huge number of minijobs which are basically designed for unemployed people to get a small part time job that wo n't push them into earning more than what makes them eligible for government assistance , meaning the state still pays for their housing / healthcare etc. 
  but those people are expected to go out and earn their pocket money instead of simply getting the basic unemployment benefit ( hartz iv ) to pay for their food and what little recreation they can afford . 
  the apprenticeship system and internships get used to keep young people busy and in `` employment '' but on pathetic rates of pay , and there 's very little work outside of the bars and restaurants that does n't require an apprenticeship . 
  obviously it 's not bad to have a solid education structure for employment but it can take the piss a little bit . 
  he 's talking about mini-jobs . 
   that is patently false since they only factor in young persons who pass muster . 
  i ca n't make any sense of that sentence . 
  `` muster '' ? 
  what do they muster ? 
  or is muster a proper noun ? 
  muster is a verb in english , you should probably explain what you mean . 
  ( also `` people '' not `` persons '' if we 're going to be pedantic :p ), 
  as an englishman my feet are always immaculate !, 
  s is for the subreddit , where i want to be e is for europe , my favourite country n is for nice , like the mods we have here d is for `` deleted '' , hate speech you need n't fear h is for happy , like the folks in this sub e is for err ... eu , our favourite club l is for love , what we feel for the mods p is for `` please notice '' , and pray to the gods, 
  no offence mate but only snooty mrs bouquet types take their shoes off in the house where i 'm from . 
   the phrase `` ever closer union '' has been part of european treaties since 1957 . 
  we euro-federalists have been loud for decades . 
  it 's really not our fault if people simply choose not to hear it . 
  european federalists have been saying it , but european federalism is not identical with the eu . 
  in a sense it 's good britain is out , because virtually nobody in britain supports european federalism , and if they eu had suggested it the uk would 've dug in its heels and impeded it as much as possible . 
  the vast majority never wanted to enter a political union in the first place and if asked to choose between britain and the eu people were always going to pick britain . 
   fiscal conservatism does n't mean low taxes and low investment , it means that you do n't increase the debt by much . 
  or in other words , if you 're going spend a lot , tax a lot . 
  i never said it meant low tax and low investment . 
  but by not increasingly debt germany arguable holds back growth and maintains the status quo . 
  freeing up capital gives poorer areas the opportunity to spend their way out of poverty and simply pay the principle on the debt . 
  certainly , many european countries would relish the ability to build up debt to make their regions more appealing to investors and stimulate growth , but german fiscal logic wo n't allow it . 
   schulden is always plural , schuld is always singular . 
  yes , one is plural and one is singular , still the same word , which irrevocably links the ideas in people heads . 
  anyway , it 's not like debt-adversity is n't prominent in german culture . 
  look how hard germany has worked to keep visa and mastercard out of the country . 
  look at how few people take on debt in germany . 
  look at how low the assets of the average german are compared to most european nations ( other nations have higher assets because they take loans to buy houses in a more open housing market ) . 
  the reality is that the german vision of capitalism differs significantly from that in the us and the uk ( also ireland and netherlands too ) . 
  i think the danger now is the logic of german capitalism dominates the eu leading to europe become of a self-enclosed economic environment that avoids lending to or borrowing from the world . 
  the danger is that a cautious system like this is too stagnant to keep parts of europe happy and trigger ill-will towards the main eu powers ( france and german ) as happened in greece . 
  i fear for the eu as i felt the uk brought some counterbalance to mainland europe 's economic consensus on trade and economic policy . 
  a service based keynesian economy we brought something else to the table . 
  i also fear that over the next 20 years china will try to reduce its dependency on german high end manufacturing as it develops and logic running a trade surplus becomes less cogent . 
   the problem is that nobody wanted a federation or even a confederation at the start . 
  that 's fine . 
  but you ca n't deny that the `` integration creep '' method has backfired and left eu open to accusations that it was being sneaked in the backdoor . 
   but while the eu as an institution may not be popular , european integration as concept is popular . 
  yes and no . 
  obviously was n't popular in the uk . 
  scandinavia is sceptical for the most part . 
  italy is divided . 
  central europe and eastern europe want it most of all and they also have the most to gain from it . 
   that 's going to be hard , because while it means that we will benefit from it greatly we need to sell 27 nations on the idea of possibly being democratically defeated and willingly accepting that . 
  good luck with that . 
  realistically i think a `` those who want to integrate more do '' approach is more likely . 
  very unlikely that all the eu member states are going to be will to succeed real sovereignty over to an eu federal-like government . 
   we germans are the last people who want an eu dominated by us . 
  dominating is not something people consciously do . 
  it 's simply that those who hold the power set the agenda . 
  german interests just do what they do , serving their own self-interest , and that ultimately defines the agenda . 
  as the largest economy in the eu by a long way , and now with britain leaving and even fewer big economies in the eu , it can not but lead to germany wielding more influence over the eu . 
   we may be opinionated and patronising ( sometimes purely by accident ) but not stupid . 
  no country is inherently `` stupid '' . 
  germany has been shaped by its history . 
  compared to most countries it might be described as `` plodding '' . 
  change takes a long time to occur in germany , germans are cautious of change or rapid development . 
  the legacy of the past has made germany fearful and consequently wants endless checks and balances to ensure a fair system . 
  moreover , germany ( and other parts of mainland europe too ) have an aversion to `` leadership '' , which is probably why we ended up with this byzantine system for the european union that totally ignored the needs to individuals to feel some connection to the political system governing them . 
  i can tell you one of the big reason brexit happened was because the eu was such a non-entity in britain . 
   i do n't think fiscal conservatism is the problem . 
  it 's basically the idea that you should n't spend more than you have , this is a psychological neurosis that is so deeply set in german culture that it 's almost impossible to oppose . 
  the idea that macroeconomics works like a household budget is uncontested . 
  the social taboo against debt runs so deep . 
  i mean you use the same word for debt and guilt ffs :d the weimar republic left a lasting scar on the german public psyche in much the same way as ww2 . 
  problem is that germany is addicted to a fiscal conservatism and an export surplus . 
  trade surpluses are great , but they leave you 1 ) highly dependent on import economies 2 ) reliant low currency values to keep exports competitive and prevent production costs from skyrocketing . 
  an ideal way to keep your currency value down is to accrue debt , to overspend on investment in your economy and infrastructure , free up easy capital for business , keeping growth high but the currency low . 
  germany wo n't risk this kind of economic strategy , and has found a solution to it with the euro and basically tying the debts of all of europe to its economy . 
  the danger is that poorer countries get fed up with this and leave the eurozone to pursue more ambitious fiscal policy aimed at regeneration and higher employment . 
  anyway , we 'll see what happens , but i would n't be surprised if we end up with a two-tier eu with germany in the centre of a group of central european nations aiming for federal like integration , while countries like italy and denmark try to maintain the status quo . 
  lol what a joke . 
  russia is already in the dust bin of history , it has n't been relevant for 30 years . 
  the anglosphere and western europe , comprising like 1 billion people , control the vast majority of the world 's wealth , technology , resources , and military power . 
  russia is a tiny little 2nd world nation ( population wise ) , a mere 144 million people . 
  that 's what ? 
  twice germany ? 
  haha , and you think to oppose us ? 
  what a joke . 
  russia , and it 's culture , is an arrogant stubborn old man shaking his fist at a mountain . 
  unwilling to accept that the mountain is vastly greater than he is . 
  you 're not even scary to us , you 're just a bunch of hicks who refuse to join modern civilisation , which is fine by us , stay in the 1970s economically , we do n't care .
