  no , we do n't , parliament is sovereign and can implement whatever laws it wants , and ignore anything the eu says , and can leave the eu at any time . 
  our government never wanted to stop or slow immigration ( and ironically it still does n't want to ) , because it has access to the economic data and can see the benefit it is bringing up on aggregate ( sorry nursing home workers and seasonal agricultural workers but the needs of everyone else come above the needs of a few industries ) . 
   i would love freedom of labour over freedom of movement , but inside the eu and eea , that 's not happening . 
  freedom of labour is actually what we have . 
  the freedom of movement is subject to a number of conditions that mean you ca n't just rock up and claim benefits from the state . 
  ironically the british government has never really bothered to implement any of these conditions because it knows it 's not actually worth it since eu immigrants bring net benefit economically . 
   we 're part of nato , and the next potus loves us , so military backing is n't that bad . 
  seriously ? 
  this is n't about military anyway . 
   trading will always be a thing , as were one of the largest economies in the world , and europe will be stupid not to want to deal with us . 
  this is a stupid thing to say . 
  trade is not a yes/no situation . 
  tariffs have ramifications . 
  we have no choice but to buy from the eu ( geography bitch ) but most of the services we provide can be provided by many other countries ( we just happen to service capital of the world , although not for long ) . 
  tariffs between the eu and the uk would the uk way more than the eu . 
  in the same way that if you earn 50 % of your income off one employer , and they earn 10 % of their income off you , and you quit your job , you are harmed more than your employer financially . 
  the eu ( with it 's 15 trillion dollar economy without the uk ) , is the employer , and the uk ( with it 's 2.6 trillion dollar economy ) is the employee i 'm afraid . 
   cheaper ... holidays ? 
  i do n't know if that 's even worth talking about . 
  no mate , we lose billion of pound worth of goods and services to the increased cost of doing business , all of it lining french and german coffers . 
  even if the cost of doing business between the uk and eu goes up by just a few percent that 's still 100s of billions to the uk economy and consequently tens of thousands of potential jobs . 
  no offence mate , but you clearly studied politics , economics , or really dwelt on how geopolitical relationship functions , so i find it really hard to understand why you feel qualified to make these statements and that your opinion should be taken more serious than say , the head of the bank of england 's . 
  no that 's not how it works you ignorant xenophobic fool . 
   as a uk resident if you visit germany temporarily you are covered for health care funded by the nhs with the ehic agreement . 
  because the eu ... that wo n't be true when britain leaves . 
   if you decide to stay in germany permanently and work there then you need to register with their own national health service and start paying tax contributions to stay covered . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  if you are not an eu citizen you have no right to access germany 's national insurance , you must pay for private insurance which is potentially far more expensive and an even barrier to movement between our two countries . 
   the same fundamental system applies when you visit outside the eu and will also apply within it when we leave . 
  temporary visit ? 
  nhs . 
  live and work there ? 
  your new resident countries health system . 
  no , this is not the real world , this is how brexiteers imagine the world , but in reality it is full of nuance and inequality . 
  outside the eu you have no guaranteed way to access your nation of residence 's health insurance . 
   or did you think you were entitled to nhs treatment after you stop paying the uk government taxes ? 
  ironically this is how it works for the most . 
  white british ex-pat nip back for a bit of free chemo on the nhs unquestioned because of their british blood whereas foreigners are subject to interrogation even with proper paperwork . 
  what freedoms does the eu restrict ... the correct answer is none . 
  why am i angry ? 
  because ignorant idiots are fucking the lives of millions of people . 
  what slavery would that be mate ? 
  all the great freedoms you 've had your whole life ? 
  reality is offensive mate . 
   as far as i 'm aware none of this changes in or out of the eu . 
  the things you 're not aware of would take up a lot of space . 
   if you are immigrating on the basis of a job offer and then your employer fires you how are you fucked ? 
  you no longer have a reason to be in that country . 
  go home . 
  maybe we should deport you when you lose your job , make britain a workers paradise , our economy would boom , 0 % unemployment , and no benefits necessary . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i forgot you believe you have a blood right to this soil on the basis of your ancestors emigrating here . 
   as for healthcare ... as a uk resident you are covered by the nhs almost everywhere in the world . 
  no mate , that 's not how the world works . 
  the nhs are n't in other countries , they do not pay your costs . 
  you have to go back to the uk if you want treatment , which can be hard when you 're fucking sick/injured . 
  you get automatic coverage in eu countries with a ehic because surprise surprise ... the eu . 
  enjoy paying for travel insurance next time you want nip over for a lads weekend ( which i imagine is all europe is to you ) . 
   anywhere that does n't already have a reciprocal healthcare agreement with the uk you should have travel insurance for ( which is usually cheaper than a starbucks coffee ) . 
  fun fact ( while we 're playing the game of things all adult british humans should know but amazingly do n't because they embrace a culture of ignorance ) ... travel insurance is only for travel , it 's invalidated the moment you stop being a tourist doing anything from taking a job to renting a flat or registering an address . 
   if you are immigrating to a foreign country either in the eu or outside of it and you become a permanent resident of said country then you 'll start abiding by their national healthcare system policies ( or lack thereof ) . 
  no mate , it takes years if not decades to get permanent residency , until then you 're on your own with no access to the public health insurance and heavy private costs . 
  honestly , it boggles the mind how you can be so ignorant on these issues ( have you ever even bother to google a single rule or regulation in your life ? ), 
  and still believe you 're opinion has validity and deserves respect . 
  there is no case for brexit , that is something stupid people believe because they believe stupid shit . 
  you utter bellend . 
  this is why you do n't ask the man on the street to make geopolitical decisions . 
  we do n't really have br\u00f6tchen in the uk , the closest you 'll get is a small baguette . 
  our rolls/baps/cobs etc. 
  are usually soft . 
  but on the plus side of staying in the eea you compatriots wo n't be back to eating leeks everyday when the unemployment rate skyrockets due to lack of investment in the area . 
  none of those are true . 
  you 're just just demonstrating the idiocy of brexiteers perfectly mate , well done . 
  scary because you watched too many ww2 films as a kid and took it a bit too much to heart . 
  casually fucking up the lives of millions of immigrants because you 're `` scared '' of a united europe . 
  twat ... 
   that both sides in this referendum had legitimate grievances with the other sides viewpoint yes , if you 're racist you might see it that way . 
  that 's a br\u00f6tchen mate !, 
  we do n't really do them in the uk . 
  the damage of having a multicultural society with a larger population than we would 've had otherwise ? 
  i do n't think you 've grasped what 's going on . 
   the thing is , that ` hahn ' translates to ` cock ' , but the animal , not the valve thing . 
  this is false . 
  hahn * does * translate as the valve thing . 
  it 's not really a happy accident at all . 
  to make this clear , german has a word , which means both a male chicken and an on/off valve . 
  english has a word which also means both a male chicken and an on/off valve . 
  the only `` happy accident '' is that both languages happen to have a singular word that performs both these functions , however , my suspicion is that if we looked into there would be some deeper etymological explanation and it 's not really an `` accident '' at all . 
  valve would technically be an incorrect translation of hahn , as in english a valve regulates the degree of flow , whereas a cock technically just shuts on or off . 
  the best translation of `` valve '' into german would be ventil , which is used in the same way . 
  i think if this were an english sign it would say `` emergency door release '' instead of cock , simply because cock is n't frequently used in common parlance unlike the german `` hahn '' which is a much more common term . 
  native signage would focus on the purpose of the mechanism rather than its precise nature in terms of its functionality . 
  however , as i explained previously , it 's 100 % certain that they did use this word on purpose , as that 's how translation services work . 
  they often do n't have all the context so they mostly focus on accuracy , cock is the most accurate translation of hahn in this context . 
  well this is n't denglish or whatever , it 's correct english , just a word with a double entendre . 
  obviously sometimes adding an english translation is just a courtesy , however sometimes it might be mandatory under safety regulations to ensure tourists can still follow safety procedures , depends on the context , but i 'd suspect this is the latter . 
  yeah but some natives do n't even know some relatively easy words . 
  it is there , but at least the majority of people hearing it there are native speakers . 
  i would wager that the majority of people listening/reading german travel information in english are n't native so you 'd think they 'd use relatively simple english . 
  `` disembark '' at least seems like a more frequently used term . 
  really , you expect visitors from all corners of the world to know the term `` alight '' ?
