  however i 'd be willing to bet that you do n't perceive this as arrogant in the same way simply because the language they 're using is n't their mother tongue , and this is where i think the irrationality creeps in . 
  english speakers did n't choose for english to be the common language of europe , therefore holding them to be especially arrogant for using it abroad without first check that 's ok is just irrational . 
  furthermore you 're painting english speakers as all the same not speaking any language but there own , however in germany and france there are plenty of speakers , especially older types , who only speak their own language or whose english is only equivalent to the school french almost all british children learn until they 're 16 . 
  where did i mention racism ? 
  perhaps your english is n't good enough to understand the difference between the concept of prejudice and racism . 
  fyi you can be prejudice against anyone for virtually any reasons , racism is a very specific and severe form of prejudice . 
  you do n't even seem to be reading what i 've in my post which is rich . 
  i 'll repeat myself shall i , if you want to have a debate about whether it 's rude or not for a foreigner not to learn how to say `` do you speak x ? '', 
  in the native tongue before coming to a country then we can have a perfectly reasonable debate about that . 
  if dutch were the lingua franca , and a dutchman came into my pub in england wanting something and simply spoke dutch maybe it would be rude for him to not first ask me in english whether i could speak that language , but it would also be rude for a pole or russian to do the same , either in dutch or in their native tongue . 
  however , the reasons that you are saying are complete bullshit is because you are singling out anglos as the only guilty party . 
  if not learning to say `` do you speak x '' in the native tongue is rude , then it 's rude for everyone regardless of whether x is the native language of the speaker and regardless of whether the x they want to speak is the regional/world lingua franca . 
  the fact that you 're singling out anglos , rather than saying `` do n't you think it 's rude when foreigners speak to you in a language other than that of the country in which you are , without first asking if we can speak in that language in the native tongue ? 
  '' , shows that you have some inherent prejudice against the english speakers probably stemming from the fact that most people in your country do actually speak english . 
  except you 've shown that not to be the case . 
  if you point was : anyone who is coming to a foreign country should learn how to say `` do you speak english ? '', 
  in the local language , well then you might have a fair point to make . 
  however you 've said it 's not the same if a french or german addresses you in their language , that 's just `` weird '' but not arrogant , and you 've also said it 's not arrogant when someone whose native language is n't english addresses you in english . 
  therefore your quarrel is purely to do with native english speakers addressing you in english , as if english being the lingua franca made them especially arrogant in using it while abroad . 
  due to that i say you 're nothing but biased out of some sense of cultural jealousy , your opinion is inherently prejudiced , the only reason you perceive anglos as arrogant for speaking their language in your country is because everyone in your country happens to speak their language . 
  perhaps it annoys you that the dutch are required to learn 2 or 3 languages while anglos can get away with one . 
  ultimately , you ca n't have a rule for one group of people and not the other . 
  you keep referring to this attitude of `` everyone should speak my language '' that you claim anglos have . 
  however this is a fabrication of your imagination , anyone who thinks that people outside their country must speak english is an idiot and is certainly not representative of what most anglos think . 
  people on holiday in the netherlands address you in english because they do n't know dutch and english the language you 're most likely to understand , that 's it , doing so is not indication that they expect you to understand , if you turned around and said `` sorry , no english '' they would n't be offended . 
  in fact the only time i 've come across this attitude is towards people who live in anglo countries , and even then it 's often mixed with a hint of racism . 
  if i were living in the netherlands i would learn the language too , at least well enough to deal with all the basic stuff , as would many anglos , so your argument 's a crock o'shit . 
  do n't worry , next time i 'm in the netherlands i 'll address everyone in german just for laughs and we 'll see how pointless that is . 
  you 're really butthurt about this , its really nothing to do with english speaking arrogance but rather some misplaced sense of jealously because english is the lingua franca . 
  if i didnt think you spoke english i 'd use a dutch phrasebook . 
  the irony is that you do . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  it 's not the english speakers who are arrogant , it 's you who has a bee in his bonnet about english being the lingua franca . 
  it 's nothing to do with whether people should english and everything to do with the fact that they do speak english . 
  you are dutch though . 
  i 'm british , and i speak b1 german ( i live there and i 'm working towards a higher proficiency ) and school french which is good enough to ask basic questions and make basic statements , however i speak not a single word of dutch . 
  actually that 's a lie i can say `` ik ben een mann '' `` jij bent een vrow '' and that is the full extent of my dutch . 
  sometimes i can guess the meaning of dutch words when they 're written down due to their similarity to english or german but that 's about it . 
  ask yourself this , do you feel it 's equally arrogant if a german or french person were to address you in their language ? 
  if not then i think you 're being irrational . 
  in reality a german or french person would probably address you in english because that 's the most probable language you 'll understand , but you probably do n't feel it 's arrogant of them do that because that does n't happen to be their mother tongue . 
  this is again irrational , nobody chooses the language they speak as a child , and english speaking people did n't choose english as the international language . 
  you ca n't expect people who are just visiting the netherlands to learn dutch , nor can you even expect the basics to even be taught in schools given how few people speak it the world over . 
  in europe you 'd be far better off with german 100 million + speakers , and globally spanish , russian , chinese all offer far more utility . 
  people are only butthurt because your opinion is just totally wrong . 
  decriminalisation of possession is not a free pass to burn the shit out of their brains . 
  dealing is still a crime , nowhere does it say , it is ok to take heroin or crack . 
  the point is that while the sale of drugs for profit is a criminal problem , the usage of hard drugs is a social problem . 
  instead of prison they need rehab . 
  you need to dissuade people from taking drugs , punishments do n't work , people get of prison and turn back to drugs . 
  personally i am for the legalisation of soft drugs , and the decriminalisation of the possession of all drugs . 
  i also think registered addicts should be able to buy a limited amount of heroin or cocaine in the chemist everyday , what 's the point of putting people on methadone when it 's equally harmful as medical heroin , does more or less the same thing , but just happens to have a different name and chemical structure . 
  there should also be drugs clinics which are safe places for addicts to take drugs where they can get clean syringes and such things . 
  this way you control the harm to society and take money away from the dealers , you reduce overdoses due to giving access to a clean stable source of the drugs and make a profit from the drugs rather than giving the money to crooks . 
  cocaine and heroin as actually pretty cheap substances , illegality gives them their value . 
  with a system like this drug addicts are kept within the system . 
  there could be social programmes to firstly encourage them to get clean , but secondly the ones who do n't should be encouraged to act as functioning addicts with work schemes and such to keep them from begging and stealing reducing crime . 
  when you treat drugs as a social problem drug usage falls . 
  maybe it wo n't completely eliminate the problem but the least you can is ensure that addicts poses as little danger to society and themselves as possible . 
  yes we do , guy does n't know his punctuation . 
  no we use a comma ... 
  germans struggle with the notion that a rule does n't have to absolute . 
  often in germany i 've come across the notion that rules are rules and must be enforced absolutely or changed , rather than what i 've always assumed which is rules are only there for when things go shitwards . 
  whenever i walk past their hq i wish for some kind of terrorist attack . 
  aww i hoped that was a thing . 
  as someone who has taught germans english , you think you 're saying - w but you 're saying - v , and you think you 're saying - v but you 're saying - w. no clue why , but getting germans to saying `` wet valve '' is hilarious . 
  russians use nato as the biggest bogeyman , it 's quite absurd . 
  whenever i see pro russian nationalist propaganda it 's always portraying nato as this giant threat . 
  why on earth would they think that an alliance of nations all with different political interests would be an aggressor i have no idea . 
  you 've stolen my glory ? 
  do n't know if the expression translates . 
  '' ... who has been in austria for 7 years '' * present perfect ; she is still in austria . 
  '' ... couple of words of german '' * preposition ; words belonging to german . 
  '' ... people she has been surrounded by almost exclusively for 7 years '' * present perfect , started in the past and continues into present . 
  '' ... if she were a turk '' * irrealis mood ; she is not a turk and was never one in the past . 
  you 're in trouble ~ your english trainer, 
  yeah but they 're probably the same people who 'd be voting ukip and complaining about the bloody romanians despite never having seen a romanian . 
  the simple answered would be in the uk there 's no advertising on it and most of the content is uk orientated . 
  out of curiosity do you get iplayer / bbc in the republic ? 
  not a sentence i 've previously heard haha, 
  they ca n't though really , because the tv licencing is paid like a quasi-tax rather than through a subscription . 
  why would anyone say that . 
  there 's nothing saying the bbc ca n't run ads when european viewers access iplayer . 
  zenmate : never had a problem, 
  i feel like they should hire a better video editor / production guy . 
  go to 7m 34s to see what i mean , it 's just horrible to watch . 
  i mean if starcraft tournaments can have decent production you 're think actual spacemen could . 
  they 're speaking german oo ? 
  could n't understand a word until the voice over at the end . 
  the reason i bring in gema is not so much the morality of issue ( obviously i 'm anti-gema in that regard but it does n't support my point ) , but because gema is a essential a government backed industry cartel that uses legislation to protect the interests of a small elite going against the way the wind is obviously blowing in the rest of the world . 
  another example of regulatory enshrinement is the ec card by the zentraler kreditausschuss . 
  this is essentially an industry market cartel that aims to block international finance from gaining a foothold in germany . 
  german banks protecting their interests at the expense of a wider credit / debit market . 
  at a larger scale level is keeps german savings in germany in every way that it can . 
  i knew that some of this does n't compare to some of the shit the city of london gets up to with corporate tax breaks and overseas holdings but it 's still less than ideal , regardless of where your political sensibilities lie . 
  as for business what you say i believe to be generally true . 
  capital sources are dry for unknown entities compared to the us and the uk . 
  if you 're a cookie cutter company in a popular industry you 'll be ok but emergent markets are somewhat restrained by an ethos of fiscal conservatism . 
  i 'll try and sum up the rest of the points in one because it 's all related . 
  first my point is about self-employment .
