  that 's what happens when millions of people are subject to genocide , it 's not a stain that rubs off easy . 
  maybe , you 'd like to be `` rich '' , but imo if you think that you just want to downplay the significance of the war which is even more concerning , and maybe even contributing to this anglo-bashing attitude that some people have adopted . 
  this generation thinks its absolved from the responsibility of learning from the past , and that 's terrifying . 
  calling the uk perfidious albion and advocating for european nationalism have fuck all to do with the uk 's negotiating position , and it 's insincere of you to even compare to two . 
  the industrial revolution and colonialism that central europe was late to get on board with ? 
  it was n't the colonial powers , or the earliest industrial powers , that fell into nationalism in the 20th century . 
  in fact the nationalism of the 20th century was triggered out of a knee jerk reaction to the realisation that the colonial powers were outstripping non-colonial powers in many regards . 
  what hysteria , it 's not hysteria to point out the eu was n't found create a nationalistic eu identity where any country is n't with is against us , resurrecting antiquated stereotypes . 
  it 's not hysterical to point out mainland europe does n't have a good history with nationalism either . 
  pasta in gravy ? 
  wtf is wrong with you . 
  stew and casserole are cooked in water that makes a gravy , with the fat from sealing meat and sometimes cornflour . 
  gravy is made that same way but is added to the dish according to taste . 
  what massive progress are you talking about ? 
  what progress ? 
  building tanks to invade poland ? 
  self-imagined progress perhaps . 
  i believe most countries in europe were proud of their identity as european rather than non-european back then , kinda led them to develop a massive superiority complex and go to war to create the greater european nation they wanted . 
  the point of the eu was n't to create a `` proud european '' identity , it was to undermine the very concept of national identity itself , which any idiot can see is meaningless and arbitrary , and pull mainland europe kicking and screaming in the modern reality of cultural pluralism . 
  not at all . 
  there was no germany until german nationalism arose . 
  i 'm talking about nazi nationalism , and talking about the birth of national identity that saw some people included as the `` in-group '' and other excluded as the `` out-group '' . 
  european nationalism is on the rise , people attaching the emotional significance of a nation state to what was , originally , just a trade agreement . 
  the op i responded to is fucking childish . 
  `` crying to get money back '' ? 
  without the rebate the uk would 've paid more to the eu than germany despite having an economy almost a trillion usd smaller , the result of not getting so much money from the agricultural policy as it does n't have anything like the farmland of france or germany . 
  i suppose the uk should just suck that up right ? 
  it 's the uk 's fault its economy is different from that of france or germany , whose farmers should rightfully eat up the uk 's taxes . 
  the whole policy should be based around mainland europe , of course . 
  blocking everything ? 
  you mean a member that dared oppose the franco-german bloc 's agenda due to having large ideological differences and structural economic differences . 
  it 's ideologically driven eu-nationalist nonsense . 
  everyone is pissed off that the uk voted to leave , including half of the uk , but it 's time be big boys and address such issues rationally and unemotionally , not resurrect slurs from the 19th century . 
  the last time there were calls for people to be `` proud europeans '' in europe it did n't go so well if you remember . 
  in fact , the eu was founded to stop this kind of bullshit . 
  some people need to get a sense of perspective . 
  i 'm as pro-eu as they come , but acting like britain has betrayed europe , and calling it names like perfidious albion , all because the eu has failed to take amongst 52 % of the electorate , who would rather the uk left an entirely optional agreement it entered into through its own free volition , is fucking childish . 
  euronationalism is so cool . 
  fiscal conservatism runs to the very core of german society , definitely something that worries me about having germany at the centre of the eu . 
  for many german thinkers and voters it 's an ideological principle that treats economics like a household budget . 
  investing in the future is often more important than balancing books , spending does n't mean you become greece overnight . 
  do n't know why people here have a problem with / r/uk . 
  it 's not memetastic like many of the national subs . 
  it 's a primarily politics based sub for the uk . 
  yes , the tone has been quite depressing lately , but then again , have you taken a look at british politics lately ? 
  they are rabidly anti-brexit , but / r/europe is just as much a pro-eu circle-jerk sometimes , just a smugger less depressed one since many people here are n't being taken out of the eu against their will . 
  ca n't help the fact that the majority of reddit 's demographic in the uk are pro eu , it 's a natural product of the demographics reddit appeals to . 
  people we 're just saying saying that the leave majority was naturally declining by so much every year purely because the older generation were popping their clogs , and being remainers they were happy about that . 
  interpreting that as meaning they were `` rejoicing '' that old brexit voters had died is suspiciously agenda driven bullshit if you ask me . 
  that is true , but not particularly meaningful when comparing the harms of your own faeces vs that of another . 
  but your own faeces is full of pathogens that if they were to get into the wrong end of your system could cause you serious illness and even in extreme cases death . 
  generally speaking faeces is an inefficient way for a contagion to spread . 
  shit is n't like your own mucus or your own saliva , which is pretty much entirely safe to you , as anything that was in it is already inside of your so it makes no difference , but can be very harmful to others . 
  shit belongs to your intestinal ecosystem , and that stuff needs to be get separate from the usual routes of transference , which is why we evolved to have it at the other end of your bodies . 
  yes , humans are naturally disgusted by shit because it is harmful to them . 
  however , our own brand is just as harmful to us as anyone else 's . 
  the only reason we might feel less disgusted by our own brand from an evolutionary is because if we 're too disgusted by our own stuff we might have trouble excreting it from our bodies . 
  other people 's excretions can simply be avoided , whereas our own must be dealt with . 
  yes it is just as dangerous to you as anyone else 's produce . 
  the danger of faeces is that it gets into your body somewhere that it should n't , either through a wound or one of your other orifices . 
  your own faeces is no safer for you to get into your mouth than anyone else 's . 
  let 's not forget parasites , which were a real problem in germany in previous decades due to such a pork heavy diet and the absence of deworming medication and refrigeration . 
  which is objectively as dangerous as anyone else 's . 
  username checks out . 
  someone 's a still a little sore that their empire was defeated by a bunch of axe wielding savages . 
   but you may have to pay a part of it by yourself ( german : selbstbeteiligung ) , depending on your type of contract . 
  in english we say excess . 
  easier than self-participation !, 
  that is true . 
  but nobody can deny that if there were more engagement with the policies of the mep members , and more clarity about what the meps actually stood for , it would make the eu more of a real and accepted institution in the minds of many people . 
  what i 'm saying is that the combination of austerity and immigrants has put strain on the nhs . 
  if you believe in the austerity , you probably think the immigrants are the problem , if you do n't agree with the austerity , then you probably think the austerity is the problem . 
  you can say it 's a problem with the nhs 's efficiency , but a brexiteer would n't see it that way . 
  they 'd say the austerity is a necessity and unavoidable , if there were n't immigrants coming here there 'd be more resources for us , the problem is the immigrants . 
  i would n't even go as far as to say that the austerity is somewhat welcome , i 'd say it 's mostly unwelcome , but there are a number who welcome it , and a number who see as a necessity , which , if left unopposed , would simply lead to more poverty down the line . 
  i did n't think that . 
  what i 'm saying is that many left leaning redditors in other countries do think that , they think it is a utopia . 
  which if you remember correctly is exactly what i was pointing out in the first place ?? 
  france has more of a fusion between beveridge and bismarck than the uk system , under which you 're simply guaranteed the same rights as a resident . 
  of course the tories are to blame for cutting nhs funding , at least from my own centre-left pov , but lots of people would rather both taxes go down or stay the same and the level of coverage remained the same . 
  people do also worry about the economy and many do believe that tory austerity is the correct reaction to a large and/or increasing national debt . 
  it 's not like the uk is the only country to have implemented austerity . 
  different countries are comfortable with different sizes of government , and maybe if the uk government did increase taxes to the same level as germany or the netherlands then it would resolve many of the issues but there are many people in the uk who do n't agree with that proposal politically , and would be very angry if a government tried to implement it . 
  the reality is that it 's hospital and gp wait times and how packed the waiting room feels that determines most people 's perceptions . 
  they do n't care if you tell them that overall eu nations still contribute more than they provide . 
  they 'd rather the economy shrank due to their absence and that the wait times went back to how they were in the 1990s . 
  never underestimate how many people do n't want to take on boldly progressive policy and simply want to fix it so that it goes back to how it was before . 
  it 's no more complicated than that . 
  for many people the lack of british nurses just equates to hard proof of both the lack of investment in british nationals and a crisis that needs to happen to force the government 's hand , making them put money into training native born citizens and not simply importing foreign human capital . 
   hat it seems to me is that immigrants have become a very easy target that though highly debunked , are the new scapegoat for the uk ( for now ) ; and instead of repairing the issues that immigration does cause as well as other issues that are said to be because of immigration , there was more of a push by the british government to just keep accusing this and that entity ; thus resulting in the british people being led to vote for brexit with claims that do n't really match britain . 
  the attitude of some is that while eu migration continues the uk government would be fighting a losing battle trying to do anything about the migration due to the sheer numbers , people do n't want to pay more tax to invest the massive amounts needed to improve integration . 
  for example , in some countries unemployed migrants who receive benefits are required to take language lessons at the taxpayer 's expense . 
  britain does n't necessarily want that . 
  especially when so many migrants already speak good english , easier just to test them with a visa programme than actually take them in and help them acquire a level of communication and comprehension that would enable them to be economically productive . 
  well i lived in multiple german cities , some of the most ethnically diverse ones , and it does n't seem `` extremely rare '' to me . 
  in fact it feels like many eu migrants and refugees in germany form a class of second class citizens who are completely dependent on welfare , work shitty jobs for fuck all money while german born nationals benefits form strong labour unions and the labour laws applying only to permanent employees . 
  a strong welfare state keeps people out of the dangerous poverty zone but it does n't necessarily lead to ideal living conditions or the absence of deprivation . 
  germany is not the left wing utopia that some people make out . 
  that 's all i was saying . 
  i 'm not denying it does n't score well on some metrics , but it does n't tell the whole picture .
