  you 're a dangerous populist who plays off democratic ideological bias to justify mob rule . 
  the people should not be running any country , that is not how modern democracy works , they are not `` more qualified '' in the slightest . 
  you are promoting a myth , they are not more likely to act in their best interest , that 's nonsense . 
  throughout history direct democracy has been tried , and it has been demonstrated to lead to bad decisions over and over again . 
  fuck , even the ancient greeks realised the limitations of direct democracy after they voted themselves into losing war after losing war , even after convincing themselves the average person was in the best position to make decision , they found the average person very poor at accounting for reality in these decisions . 
  the average person naturally assumes that they 're side is going to win and things will go well for them , so while they do vote in their interests , they are hopelessly unrealistic when assessing what the outcome of that decision is likely to be . 
  our society gives people the right to vote for what you would hope to be more intelligent people . 
  it does n't give everyone the right to make decisions that affect the whole country directly . 
  there 's nothing wrong with revelling in easily avoided self-inflicted suffering that has its basis in arrogance and over-confidence . 
  yeah , thinking that somehow the average british citizen is more decent or able to use common sense than anyone else is utter nationalist drivel . 
  common sense does n't even exist , it 's a concept used mostly by stupid people to describe reductive rhetoric and make them feel better about being unable to deal with complexity or nuance . 
  there is nothing about the eu that entails supranational rule by an unaccountable elite , that 's just how stupid people who read the daily mail conceive of it , rather than the complex system of international agreements it is . 
  honestly , when the uk burns down its economy under the burden of populist arguments you 're espousing i 'll be laughing from the sidelines . 
  sure , it 's against anarchism , but my point was merely that being `` anti-bank '' and `` pro-eu '' is not a contradiction . 
  yes , being a card carrying anarchist and supporting the eu is contradictory , but the vast majority of people protesting are n't anarchists and nor are they doing this to support banks . 
  this was clearly the latter . 
  we have representative demography simply because `` the basic decency and common sense of your fellow citizen '' is pure sophistry . 
  what the fuck is with all the `` brexit '' logic going on in this thread ? 
  all the classic stupid brexiteer arguments are here . 
  1 ) remainers are sore losers from the side that 's literally been bitching and sabotaging the eu 's ( then common market ) reputation since 1975 ? 
  ( despite all the evidence showing it massively benefited our economy ) . 
  the side that had already assumed it had lost before the referendum and was preparing to mount a new cycle of campaigning demanding a 2nd referendum ? 
  2 ) going against brexit is undemocratic in 1975 voted to join , having a 2nd referendum that undetermined that decision was just as undemocratic as proposing a 2nd referendum on eu membership is now . 
  furthermore , referenda are not democracy , otherwise we 'd hold them for every major issue , direct democracy is not an ideal we subscribe to , overturning a referenda with representative democracy would be a triumph for the ideals of democracy we subscribe to . 
  3 ) remainers hate the working class this is just fucking idiotic , most of the arguments from the remain side and about wanting to retain the eu system that checks our political class and ensures various workers rights . 
  we do not want the capitalist dystopia the conservatives will lead us into outside the eu . 
  seriously / r/europe , i did n't expect this mentality here . 
  i know it might be tempting for some pro-eu non-britons to turn their back on britain , including the eu supporters as they failed to win the referendum , to say `` good riddance '' , but we all know it wo n't really help anyone , british or not , if that happens . 
  allowing referenda is already mob rule . 
  typically with these things there will simultaneously be smaller protests in other parts of the country . 
  they are hardly protesting in favour of the banks . 
  they are protesting in favour the wider european project . 
  banks like the european project simply because 1 . it 's the status quo and 2 . it 's convenient . 
  outside the eu , if we lose passporting , we 're liable to further deregulation and financial fuckery in an attempt to compensate for that loss . 
  we will simply not need to hold our internal finances services to the same standard the eu requires for equivalency . 
   yes the the chances are nil , just like the chances of a federal europe with the uk now . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  furthermore , i 'm not insulting you , i 'm just pointing out that acting like the eu could federalise without the uk populace 's consent is just silly , and most suggested by eurosceptic idiots . 
  also , i am of the opinion that most of the reasons that people voted leave do have their basis in racism . 
  i did n't say every leave voter is a flat out racist . 
  however , they are swayed by arguments that have their basis in racism . 
  the uk has no obligation to consent to any further centralisation of power in any treaty going , that would be legally absurd , it 's just not how things work . 
   a devolved part of the eu ? 
  how do you know such a thing would exist ? 
  chances are we would be given an two choices which are join the federal eu or join the eea . 
  if the eu federalised and we did n't join it we would not be given any say over it . 
  that 's not how it works at all , the chances of that are nil . 
  the rights of the eu are embedded in treaties , the rights the treaties ensure can not be taken away unless the country breaches the terms of the treaties . 
  none of the treaties require that members consent to further treaties in order for them to stay valid . 
  each layer is formed on top of the other , which is why the uk could theoretically leave the eu and remain in the eea , it would just have to comply with the requirements of the applicable treaties . 
   chances are we would be given an two choices which are join the federal eu or join the eea no offence , but this is exactly the kind of thing said but leave supporters who do n't have a fucking clue how anything works . 
  they think of the eu as some kind of magic super authority that can boss around members rather than a complex legal framework entered into willingly and conditionally by sovereign governments . 
   yes because it 's just the uk opposing a federal eu and the other 27 members are ready to go right ? 
  i did n't say anything of the sort . 
  however , the uk was probably the most powerful anti-federalism voice , a voice that will be lost in the case of a brexit . 
  any major change to the eu must be ratified by all the governments of the eu countries involved , the uk would 've been much better opting out of that than shitting the bed and leaving the whole eu . 
  ironically the uk leaving will mean less opposition to federalism . 
  now if the eu does federalise it 'll be the eu 's canada rather than a devolved part of the eu . 
  there are no good reasons against an ever closer union or eu common army . 
  pretty much , or at least , all of those 17 million people were were convinced by arguments that have their basis in bigotry . 
  given there were literally zero good arguments for leaving , the psychological bias that is causing people to form arguments for leaving can only have its basis in some ulterior motive , in this case racism , xenophobia , nationalism . 
  yeah you can say that if you want , but that 's not how the world actually works . 
  ireland said `` we 're not entering the treaty of lisbon , and yet ... 
  leave barely won and opinion changes . 
  a while back denmark undid their referendum , so did ireland . 
  the british public are idiots and i think the british public are quite aware of that . 
  if we do leave , it will be some kind of fake exit , a face saving move at best , and if we do n't leave most people will go on with their lives , safe in the knowledge that the big daves and champagne charlenes of this world should n't be making the decisions . 
   no it really is n't , people are already getting impatient now and the government does n't have a choice . 
  who 's getting impatient , half the country would rather stay , and a big chunk of both leavers and remainers have since stopped caring and have moved on . 
  the only people getting impatient are the hardcore leavers , and they 're mostly a bunch of seniles and middle england racists . 
  everyone knows that brexit is a dreadful idea . 
  probably entailing the break up of the uk and a slump in economic growth . 
  big business is mostly against , the city is against , the academic and political classes are against . 
  the people for the brexit are just the worst type of people , and on the whole their opinions do n't matter because their voices are tarnished by racism , bigotry , and privilege . 
  if they waited 20 years saying they 're waiting in invoke article 50 fuck all would happen , only the miserable old racists would have more to moan about . 
  unless the british public realise what an idiotic choice they 've made and public opinion changes . 
  it 's hardly like leave won by an unalterable margin . 
  how did you ? 
  all the stuff in us english is simpler , removed silent or unnecessary letters to simplify spelling , and reduced usage of the perfect tense a lot so the rules are not as strict , you even stopped differentiating between verb and noun forms like `` license '' and `` licence '' . 
  please explain how you think you made it more complicated . 
  ok , why is hard - c always pronounced in french , even when it 's at the end of he word ? 
  i never quite understood why certain letters were pronounced at the end of french words and others were not . 
  is there actually some reason for this ? 
  london is like this , but only if you add the condition : if you are rich . 
  to be fair , people hanging on in council houses in london are n't rich . 
  sounds like a ridiculously dumb story . 
  plenty of cheap hairdressers in london , if she did n't want her hair cut by them then it 's because she 's a snob and could n't afford the kind of designer hair cut she wanted in london . 
  in my personal experience , haircuts are actually more expensive in germany , or at very least the same price ( whereas most other things are cheaper ) . 
  i mean you even have hairdressers that charge more based on length in germany . 
  honestly , this sounds like the most first world problem ever . 
  cost of living is high in london , but haircuts are just the worst possible metric to measure it by ever . 
  i do n't think london is abhorrently dirty . 
  however , i agree london sucks for tourists though . 
  overpriced as hell , and very hard to navigate and find a good atmosphere in . 
  from the tubes not running all night ( thank god that 's coming to an end ) , to there being whole areas where all the pubs shut at 11pm due to bylaws and `` tradition '' . 
  tonnes of the hotels , especially the cheaper ones , are in shit areas with crap transport links and offer very cramped meagre lodgings for extortionate prices . 
  compared paired to most european cities , which have a more relaxed normal vibe , in including ones in other parts of the uk , it is as if london were designed to shaft the uninitiated . 
  if you do n't know how to navigate it then you 're very likely to both spend far too much money and have a sub-par time . 
  when i go to berlin for example , although the prices for hotels and such are higher , it 's not like you get a sup-par hotel room on top of that . 
  you get a decent hotel , you just pay a bit more .
