  again , the answer is n't in `` dumbness '' . 
  the other presumption is that anyone strictly `` knows '' what any election result `` means '' . 
  it 's not a maths formula . 
  people weigh but all the knowledge they can muster , it interacts with their emotional and intellectual disposition and it produces a course of action . 
   and i 'm not saying this to bash your country . 
  here in romania is even worse , people vote in presidential elections ( for example ) not knowing even the most important powers that president has ( or does n't have ) . 
  some think that he decides salaries , pensions , builds highways ... . 
  makes me sick that their vote is equal to someone who understands all these minimal things . 
  i do n't know what it 's like in romania so i ca n't possibly comment . 
  but in the uk i would say awareness is pretty much as you expect it to be . 
  dumb people exist , and they do n't know much , and clever people exist , and they tend to know more . 
  one thing that the uk has that most of europe does n't is an unwavering faith that whatever happens people will eventually resolve their differences , put their heads together , and come to a solution that will put the problems of the past to bed , regardless of the odds . 
  which is something most of europe can not have because of the history that promotes an attitude of greater caution and constant vigilance in case the mistakes of the past be repeated . 
  this might possibly explain why britain is more willing to engage in riskier political decision at times . 
   while the eu has certainly elements of neoliberalism inside of it , i feel you are oversimplifying it . 
  in a spectrum where the poles are totally unregulated markets on one side and strictly regulated ones on the other , the eu would be more neoliberal than the nordic/central european economies but more regulated and people centred than the uk and even more the us . 
  you 're looking at facts and not at the motivations of a electorate in a democracy . 
  i am oversimplifying it , but the average voter does not have time for political detail . 
   you mentioned thatcher yourself , and the leaders that shaped the eu so far , from mitterand and kohl , to merkel , sarkozy , prodi , etc have all been decidedly more opposed to the total privatisation of the economy she championed and distant from her views . 
  even blair , as you so aptly pointed out , was in a way a pupil of thatcher , only with a bit more welfare spending , but still not addressing the inequalities of the system . 
  this in many ways comes down to aggregate ideological differences between british culture and the other powerful eu countries . 
  the economic theory followed by the uk does not resemble the economic theory followed in berlin or paris absolutely , there are differences in opinion . 
  there is n't even a right or wrong answer either . 
  britain did see more economic growth on average than most of the eu nations . 
  on the other hand it 's now facing more political instability than france or germany ( although it 's not like other european nations are n't currently experiencing some political instability ) . 
   so , to say that the eu promoted the kind of unrestricted privatisation of the economy , concentration of wealth and deprivation of poor classes is incorrect . 
  if that was the case , we would see many more similarities between the british and the european economies . 
  but in france , in germany , in italy , in denmark we have n't privatised the national rails , only the physical infrastructures . 
  germany still has the deutsch bahn , italy still has ferrovie dello stato . 
  same goes for many other sectors . 
  when the eu aims to liberalise certain sectors , it is often not to undersell key national assets , but to build a truly single market , where the companies of other eu members can get access to the markets of all the other members . 
  again in democracy being correct , from an economic theory perspective , does n't actually matter . 
  most people are n't economists or intellectual in the slightest to be honest . 
  what matters is what the individuals that make up society think . 
  you have to realise that humans are n't rational animals like some people naively thought in history , they follow a logic that is driven by reason , emotion , and perception . 
  if you 're crying out for nationalised industry and you ca n't attack the people who refuse to give it , you can attack legislation that allows foreign interest to own those assets . 
   thatcher and reagan , the deus ex machina of the globalist neoliberalism have rarely found much inroads in the rest of the continent . 
  just look at fillon . 
  he wanted to be a french version of thatcher , and was royally screwed by the french electorate . 
  so to say that the eu promotes globalist neoliberalism in the uk , when tories and new labour already had more extreme views of it , it is a bit disingenuous yes , europe has stoically stuck by its nationalised industries , and its regulated employed markets , and in many ways protected itself against the negative impacts of globalisation brought about by the eu and then freedom of movement in 2004 or whenever it was . 
  but neoliberalism has also benefited many people in the uk as well as alienated that core voter base in the north of england . 
  it has brought good change with the bad and that 's why there is diverse political opinion in the uk . 
  the british economy has grown vastly since the days before thatcher and the heavy reliance on nationalised industry . 
  anyway , disingenuity is not the issue here . 
  it 's about democracy and how it works . 
  you ca n't stop people , even if you 're sure they 're wrong . 
  you have to work within the framework you 're given and aright the situation . 
  ah yes , we should never forgive countries for not being able to prevent bad politicians from getting into power . 
  excuse me while i laugh at the irony of that within the context of the history of the eu . 
   as a non-brit i could hardly care less about the internal struggles of the country , what counts is how it behaves in relation to the outside world . 
  and that has been condescending and amateurish . 
  the whole of the uk has been condescending and amateurish ? 
  very clear thinking there . 
  or do you mean the current government that just almost lost an election and only got many the votes it did because people were afraid of what would happen if they did n't win ? 
  not to mention the fact that britain has consistently been a net contributor to the eu for many years and shown constant economic growth in recent years . 
  you 'd think you 'd give a little bit of a fucking credit that we are going through our own political crisis and that bad shit happens sometimes and it does n't help to bitch about it and call the uk names . 
  do british people score more lowly on education scores than all other europeans ? 
  are we deliberately dumbing ourselves down collectively to piss you off ? 
  or is it more likely that lots of people have done everything to try to keep british education at the best possible standard , and sometimes they 've failed , sometimes because some people are incompetent , sometimes because they 're liars , and then they vote in new people and people try to improve things , but those people do their best , and sometimes they 've even succeeded , but it has n't been enough to change the social and cultural changes in society ( which some but not all deem undesirable ) over the course of the years . 
  change which is never really simply within the power of individuals to control and is a product of the actions not only of other peoples , but of technology and culture , and a billion other factors . 
  i resent these nationalistic slurs as if britain was n't doing its utmost to develop itself into a more ideal version of itself . 
  i resent the framing of things in terms of some victorian-esque notion of national character . 
  what the fuck do you even mean the uk ? 
  the 48 % who voted remain or the 52 % who voted leave ? 
  the ones that did n't vote ? 
  do you mean the politicians ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure a large majority of the uk population hate them . 
  they hate blair , they hate brown , they hate cameron , and they hate may , almost regardless of their politics . 
  hell , a large share of those voting tory only did so because they were afraid and felt it was their civic duty . 
  what is it exactly that the uk is so to blame for ? 
  not crushing eu dissent with an iron boot ? 
  not being able to weed out bad politicians that have led parts of the country into poverty while lining the pockets of the wealthy ? 
  should we have already had revolution ? 
  instead of approaching politics with all the sophistication of a polandball cartoon and buying into dumb nationalistic narratives engage some intellectual subtlety ? 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  but in politics what matters is what people think and not just the material facts . 
  things were shitty in the 70s but many of these regions retained some dignity in the sense that they felt there was opposition / hope . 
  which went away when politics shifted towards a more neoliberal consensus in the thatcher  cameron . 
  you 're absolutely correct about that , and it started with thatcher . 
  so what did the uk do ? 
  they finally voted in the supposed left wing government and while it seemed to be alright for a bit that was really just a product of the global economy being on the up and when that ceased to be the case it became apparent that it was all just smoke and mirrors and the poor regions of britain were n't going to become economically rejuvenated . 
  so what did they do ? 
  they voted for the other party , the one that historically always claimed to be the party of the economy , the one that would give shit and give the people some sense of prosperity back . 
  and they did n't deliver fuck all either . 
  they claimed the economy was going well but lined the pockets of foreign companies and billionaires instead of going to the people . 
  so what do the people do ? 
  one they look for other things that might explain why there has n't been the change they 're looking for in the last 30 years , and unfortunately the happens to coincide roughly with the uk being the eu . 
  they wanted a change from the typical course of globalist neoliberalism and oh look , a highly neoliberal organisation , which literally personifies globalism , and that 's been in cahoots with the previous governments that failed to deliver they change they needed . 
  can you blame some people for concluding that maybe the reason the large political change that was necessary never occurred because of the uk government 's ability to dictate policy is restricted by the eu ? 
  it 's not entirely insane even if we do n't agree that it 's factual correct . 
  they also vote in any way possible to undermine the political establishment that had failed to deliver any real sense of change or improvement for deprived regions , and i 'm sorry if the eu are collateral damage , but can you expect people with homes and families and communities and local pride and everything else humans have to simply engage economic logic when making political decisions and not engage in more basic , more primitive , and in many ways more powerful forms of thought ? 
  the great irony of brexit is that a political crisis of that scale could just be the impetus needed to bring about the political change necessary to fix the very problems that caused brexit in the first place . 
  the sad reality is that once we 've fixed our house we 'll still be on the outside . 
  this is ultimately why i keep saying what i say on this issue is that brexit is not the eu 's enemy . 
  people need to stop saying `` britain needs to fuck off '' or `` britain are special snowflakes , good riddance '' . 
  what do you even mean by britain ? 
  are you saying a whole nation are snowflakes ? 
  do you mean the government ? 
  what the hell . 
  the eu , britain , even the us , are allies .
