  ca n't believe i 'm even having this discussion about whether it 's acceptable to systematically ban a nationality . 
  what fucking year is this ? 
   and who is `` we '' ? 
  i guess you think because you are spanish you are the tour operator , and because i am british i am the fraudulent tourist . 
  this mentality is way too common on reddit sadly . 
  come off it . 
  it 's completely wrong to deny people service on the basis of nationality . 
  it ca n't apply to any group . 
  that way nazism lies . 
  what they could do is cease their contracts with british travel agents , but if they do that they 'll lose money so they 'd rather address the issue and hope it gets fixed . 
  it 's impossible to verify really . 
  if people do n't exploit it then it 's fair enough , but sadly it looks like someone 's been exploiting the loophole . 
  depends where you are in london . 
  many still close at a 11 pm !, 
  in my experience , london pubs just have the best after-work vibe though . 
  come straight out of work and straight into the tiny garden of the local pub , everyone still in their work gear getting pissed . 
  go home early so you can get up for your high pressure day the next day . 
  berlin is great if you 're an artist , student or a writer , or just anyone who can earn and still find the time to party through the night . 
  once you 're too old for all that though london has this stable , friendly , drinking world that keeps you going through the hell that is working in london . 
  meant to reply to the other comment about switzerland ... damn . 
  berlin is ok . 
  i think it comes down to personal preference . 
  if you want to rave until sunday afternoon definitely berlin . 
  however , if you just want to drink in a cosy pub nothing beats london . 
  some people are cunts when it comes to stuff like this . 
  it 's like all the `` whiplash '' claims that were coming through a few years back . 
  selfish stupid people who see insurance claims as free money at the expense of nobody . 
  i 've had people shamelessly admit making false claims to me , a perfect stranger , because they were so desperate to justify that it was a `` victimless crime '' . 
  this kind of mentality is rife amongst britain 's stupider classes to be honest . 
  it 's not helped by the fact that you have scumbag no win no fee law firms calling them at home and encouraging fraudulent claims , there 's a whole industry in it . 
  i can totally see how news of the opportunity of a free claim might have spread around in working class communities and resulted in a situation like this . 
  the companies who put in the claims ( taking a hefty fee ) , probably targeted those people likely who have taken a package holiday in the last few years . 
  poor people in the uk do n't really `` do '' insurance , except maybe car insurance , and so the relationship between payments and premiums remains mysterious to them . 
  they 're happy to ride the gravy train by taking a victim mentality , it just comes naturally . 
  edit : i 'll add that the people doing this are n't typical criminals or even particularly bad people , it 'll be families , and single mums , and old people . 
  these people get phone calls from people claiming to be from law firms that encourage people to do it . 
  lots of people feel like if they 've been instructed by a `` lawyer '' then anything they do is legitimised . 
  what i said before sounded harsh but really it 's just exploiting human weakness and suggestibility . 
  sadly a lot of people in the uk have low standards for social responsibility . 
   better alternatives with english as the primary working language . 
  the lion 's share of the global economy then ... 
  but it 's so boring and orderly . 
  sure if outdoor sport is your thing , great , but if partying until the early hours and entertaining at parties past 10 pm is your thing , switzerland is still a bit off putting . 
  yeah not sure about that one matie . 
  you know germany has cdu , their right leaning party , in power . 
  theoretically you could have a situation like that , yeah . 
  but still , all they need to do is find some bullshit to stop you , and instead of just taking your name and trying to interrogate you , if you do n't have id they 'll be able to arrest/detain you on the grounds that you 're not carrying your id . 
  honestly , i think the best solution would be simply a mandatory id , that you do n't have to carry , but can be demanded of you if you are suspected of a crime . 
  it would simply stop the excuse `` i do n't own any form of id '' from being valid . 
  which is arguable what the spirit of the eu is all about right ? 
  it should n't matter if romania loses workers if find work elsewhere and ultimately have happier lives and a higher standard of living , population distribution should be based around economy and not around arbitrary national borders . 
  that said , i do n't know how well this notions sits with large culture diversity of the eu and the strong sense of national identity many people still have . 
  britain , in many ways , was ahead of the curve in this respect , given that it did n't use it 's opt out of fom with romania and the other members of the latest wave of new eu members , and also because having english as its primary language was open to a larger segment of people from all over europe . 
  brexit it makes it seem like the project has failed though sadly . 
  yeah but currently most cctv is owned and operated by private corporations . 
  centralisation would require those companies to submit that information to the government regularly . 
  imo when the law requires that then it 's time to worry . 
  i find in germany the solution is too often to reject the technology completely , which is easy , rather than carefully reconsider the law and have constant public vigilance in the realm of technology rights , which is what makes sense . 
  see : card transactions , gema , google streetview . 
  i think in the future public awareness of technological issues will become more prominent and thus this kinda conservatism will be a thing of the past . 
  after all , it 's not the camera itself that 's the problem , but what feasibly could be done with the data , but ordinary folk do n't understand how to regulate that , because they can see data , but they can see a camera , so these solutions happen but hold back progress a little bit every time . 
  germany seems a little too fond of one size fits all solutions for my tastes , like banning work on sundays to ensure workers get adequate family time rather than coming up with a more complicated solution . 
  i think you need to realise that they 're not trolls though . 
  there normal people like your grandma or granddad . 
  they do n't believe this stuff because they want to piss you off or shit on the dreams of a united europe , it 's because they are legitimately concerned about the situation they find themselves in , rightly or wrongly . 
  manufacturing is in overall decline but that does n't stop new sectors springing up . 
  germany does very well with hi-tech niche markets that ca n't be replicated in poorer countries . 
  the german bloke on the street is still very pride of the fruits of his labour . 
  this is something that britain had but lost , and it disenfranchised millions leading to the situation we have today . 
  the service economy focus might be wise from a long term economic perspective , but brexit is just another indication of a problem with that . 
  a service based economy unfairly benefits the educated and intelligent , but leaves the average bloke without stable work they can feel proud of , making them turn to populism . 
  as for the global political situation , i think you 're being somewhat over dramatic . 
  i really do n't think putins going to come marching in the eu any time soon . 
  in many ways the german media is just as guilty of sensationalism as the british . 
  that german fear is easy to exploit . 
  trump might be an idiot with some stupid ideas on economy and environment but america is still europe 's ally . 
  the western hegemony is far from in danger yet . 
   i 'm not germany and i 'll be never in a position to `` win democracy '' . 
  i 'm just a single person who voices his opinion . 
  not sure why you try to sit me into this `` you are germoney '' - boat . 
  i know , but is n't that exactly what you were doing when we started are you talked about british opinions being worthless if not destructive . 
  britain is also a country made up of individuals with vastly different opinions and experiences . 
   my opinion stands : if 52 % of britain have been fooled by the vote-leave campaign and still have no problem to vote this government again - even if they know that they blatantly lied to them - then there are many people who are stupid , wrong or even bad in britain . 
  this is the wrong conclusion imo . 
  if democracy gives you the wrong answer it 's not the people who are wrong , but the government and the way the people have been dealt with . 
  people are just people , they do n't take the singular burden of statesmanship and leadership upon them , they just react as they feel is best , and many people in the uk have decided that the eu is not something they like . 
  i think the idea that you 're going to be tracked with facial recognition technology by a decentralised system of cameras is still a bit sci-fi . 
  the best approach would be to legislate to ensure these camera systems stay decentralised . 
  i too would freak out if i thought all that data was being aggregated and then analysed . 
  thing is though , i think germans find that idea of cameras creepy simply because it 's been suggested to them that they 're creepy . 
  when i was in rural bavaria i found all the chain smoking grannies sitting on their balconies watching the street traffic creepy too , because i was n't used to it . 
  so to some degree it 's just what you 're used to . 
  there are arguments for and against both cctv and id cards , and i guess it just comes down to in what respects the people trust their government and in which respect they do n't . 
  possibly , but i very much doubt much is going to change despite brexit . 
  cctv does n't bother me in the slightest . 
  firstly it 's mostly privately owned . 
  there is no centralised cctv network asides those cameras operated by the police , and those ones are only in high crime areas . 
  secondly because what i do in public is public knowledge anyway , that 's sorta what `` in public '' means . 
  it makes no difference if it 's a camera or some bloke with a notebook watching me , in public they 're free to do so , so what difference does it make if it 's digitalised or not . 
  also , everyone has a camera on them anyway these days , so the idea that you can be free from having your image recorded is unrealistic .
