  the article is true . 
  i just mean that we have an anti-british article at the top of the sub every day . 
  ca n't help but think that someone is trying to be divisive . 
  anyway , the british behave badly because we 're not like people in europe culturally or socially . 
  if you go to live in the uk you 'll see that we do n't have anything like the kind of orderly society that you find in most european countries . 
  if britons behave well and refrain from this shit it 's because they 're smart enough and good enough people to do so , not because they fear the consequences of not doing so . 
  drunk people behave this way every saturday night in the uk and for the british it 's just part of life . 
  they just take it to extremes when they go abroad because they 're trying to `` have it large '' to get maximum out of their holiday . 
  also if you look at the town mentioned in the article the town is called the `` ibiza of croatia '' . 
  i 'm afraid if you want to go for ibiza 's market with booze holidays and nightclubs then you can expect to attract this crowd . 
  the mistake you 're making is thinking the decency bar was very high in the first place . 
  hit up any working class town on a saturday night and you 'll see otherwise . 
  going native when you 're drunk is a british institution . 
  i feel like lots of anti-british stuff just gets up voted for shits and giggles lately . 
  that or we 're being astroturfed . 
  i do n't disagree with the article at all but it 's hardly `` news '' . 
   the middle class typically go to the states to do camp america , australia , south-east asia , work the cruiseships or become chalet girls . 
  not really true at all , but yeah middle class people do holiday differently from the lager lads . 
  [ absolutely not known for that anywhere else ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drfsxlchrwc ), 
  because not all financial services are to do with time zones . 
  london will continue to serve the european market in many respects even if the eu regulates to protect its market , so of the time sensitive work , only some would leave . 
  also london could deregulate even further after leaving the eu making it even more appealing to overseas investors . 
  i lived there for years and it 's a mixed bag . 
  you actually have some quite nice areas with affordable housing , a multicultural vibe , and upward social mobility , but you also have some of the worst deprived regions of the country with some of the highest crime rates in the country . 
  never is a long time . 
  we ca n't predict the future . 
  if the uk goes fully out of the eea and the eu consolidates some business could even be driven to london rather than away from it long term due to a singular economic policy and increased financial regulation . 
  it could also lead london becoming more closely connected to the asian the economy which will continue to grow due to deregulation . 
  if something happens in the coming years and the uk ends up staying in the eea then it could be that almost nothing changes . 
  we really do n't know what will happen , but i very much doubt london is going to stop being a major financial capital . 
  nor do i know if london ever was the world 's uncontested financial capital , there 's a lot of money there but lots of it is in forex trading and trusts which makes it little more than a stage ground in some respects . 
  it 's not the finance industry that should be worried by brexit , much rather it 's the ordinary people in society who are going to see their purchasing power decline bringing an even larger number of people below the poverty line . 
  yeah it 's way more complex than how outsiders see it . 
  the long settled britons ( of any race ) in parts of the inner city are just as fucked up as the poor more recently arrived immigrant communities . 
  in many areas there are three drug dealers on every street and violence and robbery is rife . 
  you 'll have whole families of britons on welfare with no education , completely lacking the basic social skills needed to hold down a job . 
  the kind of people who ca n't even refrain from punching a colleague or taking money from the till three weeks into a work trial . 
  whereas many of the newly arrived ones stay away from drugs and very much keep to themselves , often working a huge amount instead of living on benefits and crime . 
  europeans ask why britons are terrible tourists . 
  but the reality is that we just have a much larger under class than most other developed nations , and the people going on holiday in spain and greece are often in or around that class . 
  the displacement of white brummies to places like sutton coldfield and solihull ? 
  utterly horrific . 
  have you ever actually lived in birmingham ? 
  it 's nothing like the absolutely racially divided culture you 're making out . 
  integration is happening , westernised muslims and hindus live comfortably alongside white communities and one another in the suburbs . 
  the problem is more that integration ca n't keep up with the rate of growth , but another big problem is that there is a poverty in the city , around the city centre especially , and that impedes integration massively . 
  people rub along much better when there is adequate prosperity and improving urban conditions . 
  having lived in brum , the areas i 'd least want to hang around in are mostly black and white . 
  the most heavily indian and pakistani areas are n't even that dangerous . 
  many heavily white areas are worse than most the indian and pakistani ones . 
  if you 're middle class and living in birmingham you learn that there are some places that just are n't nice to be in at night . 
  neighbourhoods that are unpleasant to walk through and neighbourhoods that you simply do n't walk through after about 7 pm . 
  i can only think of one indian/pakistani neighbourhood i simply would never walk through at night whereas i can think at least 3 white/black neighbourhoods , and 2 primarily white neighbourhoods . 
  that 's woefully naive . 
  you euros really do n't understand ireland . 
  mmmmm fiscal conservatism , mmmm austerity for under performers , mmmm devalued euro to keep german exports competitive , mmmm berlin to be the political capital of europe , mmmm an undefended belgian border , mmmm a glorious one thousand year fourth german r. ... ok that got weird quickly . 
  it 's not an either or situation . 
  so much of the problems of brexit have been due to black and white thinking . 
  the reality is that the banks wo n't leave london , because a huge amount of the business in london is to do the asian and american markets . 
  so technically it 's true , they wo n't leave . 
  however , it 's also true that the eu business , something like 19 % of the city 's financial market , will mostly be moving to an eu location , depending on the regulatory conditions and whether they need to be incorporated in an eu nation to provide the service they do . 
  edit : downvoted for giving a nuanced answer ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with people . 
  except independence does n't just mean political independence from an oppressive nation . 
  you 're coopting the word for your own agenda . 
  in english , we use independence in its most abstract sense freely . 
  teenagers gain independence from their parents when they get their first job , that does n't mean their parents are oppressive . 
  i do n't support the pro-brexit `` heroic rhetoric '' either , but it 's still valid to say that after brexit the uk will be more independent . 
  well i do n't know about the computers are that exchange itself , but the machines that handle the orders at banks tend to be massively old fashioned . 
  that 's because when the bank invested in them they invested in them heavily to ensure they work 100 % of the time . 
  if the system fucked up it could cost hundreds of millions . 
  consequently reliability is the only factor , it does n't matter if it 's all obsolete as long as it does the job . 
  making a new system would expose the bank to massive risk and would have heavy development costs ( it may also become obsolete by the time it sees use ) , which is why old systems are common . 
  real military hardware has real airgaps . 
  as in it 's actually a closed system . 
  a sufficiently motivated attacker in this case would have to be a n. korean spy who had gained access to the actual hardware . 
  military security is there to stop that happening , and if it does happen , microsoft updates are very unlikely to stop something developed by the intelligence community . 
  this whole argument is utterly stupid and has people applying the logic of commercial networks to military grade hardware . 
  all that matters to the people developing these systems is that it works at 100 % capacity , 100 % of the time . 
  keeping viruses on flash drives and cd-roms away from the system is a job for military security , not the people developing the system . 
  i 'm trying to make you think like a military developer and not like an it guy on a networked system . 
  how could something like this be exploited on the systems controlling the hms qe ? 
  the reality is that someone would have to physically access the system 's hardware somehow . 
  this would be a security failure and not a technological failure , which is what military development are trying to avoid . 
  these system are protected not just by technical security by also by physical security . 
  even if the hms qe ran windows 10 , do you think they 'd download updates from microsoft regularly ? 
  or do you think every change to the system is yet another massive security risk / critical system failure risk ? 
  this system is trusted to control rockets capable of destroying whole neighbourhoods . 
  do you think they 'd risk allowing constant updates on a system like that ? 
  they have to audit these system to ensure their perfect function at a level that it 's not even worth bothering with on a commercial computer . 
  if you have to do that do you think it makes sense to go with the latest system or what you know ? 
  you 're fundamentally misunderstanding the purposes for which a system like this is built . 
  you 're applying the logic of a networked commercial computer to a closed military system under high security that has a singular purpose and does n't directly connect to any other systems . 
  this system is n't just designed to run xp , it 's designed to run xp for the next 25 years . 
  the developers will have hundreds of millions at their disposal . 
  do you think they were too stupid to make an informed choice when it came to the system they worked with ? 
  of course , you can buy the stupid narrative that they would cut corners on a multi-billion pound project that 's meant to last for decades , or you can realise that systems controlling military hardware are not the same as you local bank 's computer where there 's a constant risk that someone is going to run a dodgy cd-rom or stick in a flash drive and fuck the thing to pieces . 
  i genuinely want to hear you say how it would get onto a military system . 
  and how would that trojan get onto the system ? 
  so tell me , how would these vulnerabilities be exploited ?
