  lots of people denying it 'll happen on the financial times , i 'm pretty those guys are n't morons . 
  the uk literally gains nothing from it from a geopolitical and economic perspective . . we will have to stay in the eea for the sake of our economy , we will have to accept freedom of movement to get into it . 
  then the uk loses all power in brussels . 
  if we do n't do it then ukip and the leave voters are very pissed off , if we do do it , then ukip and the leave voters will be almost just as pissed off since we wo n't get border controls , we wo n't be free of the eu entirely , and we 'll have to keep paying in . 
  the uk government would have to pay the price of their future influence in the eu for the next few decades just to win slightly less pissed off leave voters . 
  i 'm not saying it wo n't happen , but i am saying that they 're going to try everything they can to avoid pushing the exit button . 
  it 's more than likely that there will be a protracted general election before anything happens , and hanging on for a 2nd referendum is a real possibility . 
  this is n't about principles though . 
  principles are a factor , but there are other factors like economy and political reputation at play . 
  what some random german minister says is irrelevant . 
  right now , it makes sense for brussels to refuse to negotiate before article 50 is pressed , because it puts the ball in the uk government 's court . 
  none of the politicians really want leave to happen , even boris does n't want it but might be resigned to it now . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  but for certain , the eu is n't above letting the whole thing fizzle out or signing a deal to keep the economy strong . 
  all the economic interests want the uk to stay a member , it 's just better all round when there 's stability again , and the fastest way to get that is if nothing changes , political face saving is nothing to them , they just care about the bottom line . 
  furthermore all the political pragmatists want the uk to stay , if the uk bottles it , it sends a good message to other countries , basically saying `` look , if the uk with all its big population , international finance , and special relationship bollocks is too frightened to actually press the exit button , there are probably very good reasons for that , what hope do smaller countries like greece or denmark have ? '', 
  the only ones hoping that the uk leaves are the political ideologues , they think the uk is the only thing standing in the way of their federalised dreams . 
  ironically , all the political ideologues that make up the eurosceptic brigade naturally want the uk to leave too , because they hope it will cause a domino effect and the eu will die . 
  not invoking art 50 is also a bit like shooting yourself as a politician though . 
  one way you trigger a recession , the other way you lose all political legitimacy . 
  i 'm hoping boris is going to call a ge and claim to be pro-leave , then fall his sword and let someone else who was more remain take the tory leadership . 
  i do not support the referendum result . 
  i do support democracy , however , i do not support direct democracy . 
  the foundation of our democratic system is that parliament is sovereign i.e not subject to the whims of the electorate . 
  while it is the responsibility of elected representatives to represent the will of the people , it 's also their job to make decisions that are actually in the people 's interests , rather than simply unthinkingly enacting that will regardless of the consequences . 
  this is exactly why we have a political class of elected representatives , all with access to civil service resources including many highly educated people and experts . 
  if the people all decide that they want to remove health and safety regulations because it will save them money , it 's the politicians job to tell them no this ca n't happen . 
  no matter how much the people cry and scream bloody murder about how `` only idiots injure themselves through carelessness , they deserve it '' and promise `` we 'll be extra careful from now on '' . 
  no matter how much they talk about the average house price dropping by 20 % and how it would solve the housing crisis , it 's not something that parliament should take seriously . 
  the average voter is simply not capable to making the big decisions , they do not see the bigger picture and they do not think long term , they are prone to emotion , to being unrealistic , to being drawn in by narratives that satisfy base psychological needs , and favouring these narratives despite the reality staring them in the face . 
  history is full of examples of just how wrong the mob gets it a lot of the time . 
  this is why we have representative democracy , and this is why i do not support the referendum result . 
  the referendum has gone against the principles of our parliamentary system . 
  i think it 's also a strategy to prevent the brexit as well . 
  by saying no talks before and you must invoke article 50 , it basically puts the ball in the uk 's caught . 
  it will be the uk government responsibility when shit hits the fan , the uk will risk its prosperity by starting that 2 year time limit . 
  if the eu put a deal on the table beforehand , they would only be encouraging the uk to make the move , but reassuring them it 'll work out ok if they do make it . 
  instead we have mexican standoff now . 
  still , giving them that referendum was like giving a box of matches to a toddler in the hope they 'll realise they 're dangerous and stop trying to play with them . 
  a segment of the british people wanted a referendum , but this is the same segment that probably believe that `` political correctness has gone mad '' and that `` the eu are that ` ealth an ' safety lot '' who wo n't let them smoke in the pub or run a business out of their council flat . 
  the types who remember that `` good ol' days '' when the pubs were full of white working class folk drinking and smoking their sorrows away , conveniently forgetting that the reason they were all in the same pub was because nobody could afford to prices anywhere more upmarket and half of them were unemployed or on strike . 
  and that the reason only white people came in was because casual racism was the norm . 
  trusting the average voter to have an understanding of economics that goes beyond a simple analogy to personal finance was incredibly stupid . 
  i guess that 's why much of ireland has a higher gdp per capita than the uk ? 
  ireland is a small place , it 's natural for ambitious people to move abroad . 
  does n't mean there 's no hope of a decent future . 
  only like 18 % of the uk economy is in financial services , that said , it 's still far more than the majority of countries , its not like the uk can go back to makings cars is it , not when you 're up against germany and japan where car production is the heart of the economy . 
  in the uk vat is 20 % already , either it goes up ( and i fear 20 % is already pretty high ) , or the uk loses a huge chunk out of its public spending budget . 
  load of clap trap , and the dutch are little better . 
  the eu does need reform , but the idea that kicking the uk out would solve it is a load of crap . 
  truth is that europe is full of very different countries , with different economics and ways of looking at the global situation . 
  the uk want you to keep the fuck off our currency and finance sector because it 's literally the lifeblood of economy , meanwhile germany could n't give two fucks about that because its export sector is what makes its economy work . 
  tell me , say we integrated further , if the eu was allowed to push through reforms to raise a federal eu budget would they be on manufacturing or on financial services ? 
  is germany going to compensate britain all the money it loses if regulations lose the city of london billions ? 
  just as california pays tax to keep the economy in mississippi solvent ? 
  no , i did n't think so , because germany needs its money to keep it 's society prosperous . 
  we are at an impasse ladies and gentlemen . 
  no , that 's the little blue line areas with san marino and vatican etc. 
  get that bloody foreign muck out of my pure british language !, 
  just another way the eu is ruining british values !, 
  the british anti-immigration lot are too unsubtle to realise the difference , they 're all just bloody foreigners . 
  to be perfectly honest . 
  i think the uk should reduce the immigration of muslims . 
  i do n't care what race people are , black or white i 'm indifferent . 
  however , there is definitely an integration problem in the uk with muslim communities . 
  sadly i think that a lot of the leave supporters are anti-immigration precisely because of the problems with integrating muslim communities , and misguidedly believe that leaving the eu will somehow reduce the number of muslims coming in the uk , when if anything it will increase it or keep it the same . 
  eu immigration is being used a scapegoat in the crisis of identity the uk is currently suffering from . 
  people are angry because some muslim communities are not integrating in the society well , but rather than looking at the situation as a problem with british society and its relationship with islam , they 're just blaming all the `` bloody immigrants '' and jumping on the leave band wagon . 
  the single market was a huge factor in the economic boom pre-recession , we 've seen unprecedented economic growth since the creation of the single market . 
  do n't try to tell me we 've not getting a sweet deal , the shrinkage in the manufacturing sector is the product of our own economic policy and nothing to do with the eu . 
  i think if the uk was n't in the eu it would 've allowed greater immigration from outside the eu for economic growth reasons , in which case we 'd have more muslims and black people . 
  the vast majority of eu immigrants are white non-muslims . 
  thank god for the status quo and the undecided , might be the only thing stopping us committing economic and political suicide . 
  switzerland and norway both allow freedom of movement , both are in the single market , and both are contributing to the eu economically , and follow the majority of eu legislation , all without a having a say in what laws the eu passes . 
  this works for switzerland and norway because they are small countries with very specific economies . 
  norway stays out because it wants to fish , switzerland stays out because it wants to protect its banking sector as much as possible . 
  the uk , however , would not benefit at all from these compromises . 
  imo it 's not racism . 
  however , the uk has a very unrealistic idea of its capabilities and global significance , and has a xenophobic mistrust of the eu 's management . 
  we do n't dislike people because of their race , we are not racist , however we do assume the brussels ' decisions will be inferior because they 're not all british . 
  we are literally one of those larger economies getting a sweet deal . 
  you 're essentially voting against your interested on the notion that the poorer eu economies are suffering due to us . 
  this , however , is not how the smaller eu economies feel , and all of them are happier with the eu than the uk is . 
  perhaps you should actually wait for the people of the smaller eu economies to start complaining before you selflessly sacrifice your sweet deal on their behalf ? 
  not sure , but it 's certainly not the eu . 
  sure , it 's not like you can pick out nationalities on people that easily , but the fact remains that british racism is a lot to do with how people look . 
  it 's neither . 
  turkish people are darker and look different from british people . 
  i live in germany so i work with and interact with turkish people all the time , it 's perfectly clear who is turkish and who is german . 
  my point is that many british racists only actually get angry when the immigrants look different from them . 
  white poles go unnoticed , but as soon as they see someone who looks like they 're from the balkans doing something they disapprove of then they 're all up in arms about it . 
  that 's why british racists are so up in arms about the romanian and bulgarian immigrants , as it 's very hard for people of those nationalities to pass for native born northern europeans . 
  yes that could happen as a desperate attempt to stop the negative economic ramification of brexit . 
  however , one thing should be clear , a vote to leave , as things stand , is a vote to leave the single market with all the economic ramifications that would follow . 
  yes there will always be natural advantages to being an island :d, 
  that simply will not fly . 
  the leave campaign is basing itself solely on issues like immigration and national sovereignty . 
  if a brexit happened and cameron , or whoever followed him after he steps down , it would be complete suicide for the tory party , and would probably turn ukip into a major political party . 
  you ca n't promise people border control and freedom from european legislation , have a referendum , and then deliver none of that . 
  it would be political suicide .
