  seriously , germany is no better or more left wing than the uk . 
  only difference between merkel and cameron is that merkel leans more towards neo-liberalism similar to how blair did , and cameron is more a neo-conservative . 
  the german political atmosphere is one of pure hypocrisy . 
  they smugly berate the uk for not being as pro-eu as german when germany has the lions share of power within the eu due to its alliance with france . 
  of course the uk does n't want to extend eu powers when it 's a banking economy and the german banks are so shit scared of anything they have to form cartels that disadvantage foreign finance and every bank on every street is german . 
  oh do n't even get me started on germany 's smug criticism of other countries foreign policies , had germany not been flattened by war within the living memory i 'm sure they 'd be in iraq , afghanistan and syria along with the uk / france . 
  germans are just as selfish , just as heartless , and just as self-interested as anywhere in europe , they just do it with a smug sense of moral self-righteous thrown in which is frankly disgusting . 
  i 've lived in both countries and the difference is virtually nada , the only difference the germans are more concerned about eating bio , and getting a green certificate for their energy than others who at least more open about their primary interest in money . 
  i 'm very pro eu , and the reason is because need to form a counter to german political power in the eu and stop the eu turning into greater germany . 
  you can fucking talk . 
  germany should try building an ethical healthcare system before they get to criticise the uk . 
  germany is being led headlong in a capitalist future and just veils it with hypocrisy . 
  might not be that accurate but this will surely come into handy when some yanky doodle starts lecturing me about craft beer and america having the best beer in the world ... 
  i think that has more to do with the time period , when gays were struggling to come to terms with their identity . 
  it 's not that so many were transgender , more the fact that in that society they were given a choice of either considering themselves to be masculine or feminine , and found it hard to conceive of relationships between men that did n't strictly conform to either archetype . 
  to put it simply , even if it makes you feel uncomfortable who is making you pay attention to it ? 
  nobody is making you go to gay bars . 
  i mean when older folk see hip-hop clubs and see girls dressed scantily and people grinding on each other that probably makes them feel uncomfortable too . 
  it probably makes them think we 're living during the fall of rome with a decadence that 's reached the level of perversity . 
  if you take no personal interest in homosexual communities the worst you 'll see is accidentally walking through a gay area or parade and seeing some drag queens and guys in leather chaps dancing . 
  i have nothing against homosexuality but i would n't actively want to see guys getting it on with each other either . 
  seeing some guys holding hands walking down the street does n't bother me in the slightest . 
  i 'll walk tv with gay celebrities no problem , however , if it 's a programme with gay guys getting it on all the time i 'll simply watch something else , it 's that easy . 
  tl ; dr you do n't have to feel entirely comfortable to homosexual sexuality to be accepting of their way of life . 
  but worse ... 
  compare this to how paedophiles are treated in the louis theroux documentary `` a place for paedophiles '' , it 's a stark contrast between the differing mentalities of different cultures . 
  lorry drivers !, 
  if you 're taking i bike i 'd assume the cheapest way is the ferry , no shortage of space there !, 
  today is 11.11 the `` first day '' of karneval in cologne, 
  [ uk today ] ( http://i3.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article4597307.ece/alternates/s510b/remembrance-day.jpg ) [ cologne today ] ( https://presse.wdr.de/bilder/mediendb/presselounge2012/presselounge/bilder/2014/03/karneval_festkomitee/karneval2_960.jpg ) it seems 11/11 is a popular day for shit, 
  supermarket workers in most european countries know that some sunday work is part of the job , as will german workers after the point at which the law is changed . 
  no hate against germans whatsoever . 
  i live and work in germany , if i did n't like them i would n't . 
  but germany is not perfect , and there arseholes here , and there are bad political ideas here , just like anywhere . 
  germans who get on their high horse about sunday working laws tend to be these arseholes . 
  fyi i 'm about as pro eu as they come . 
  put if you think that means fawningly praising the german social model you 'd be mistaken . 
  germany is n't the eu and if other europeans took more time to engage with german politics , in the same way they engage with say , american politics , the eu would be in a better state . 
  germany needs to work to improve the eu too you know , and you ca n't deny that german policy over the last decade or so has lead to friction with other nations and been part of a narrative of euroscepticism . 
  let 's not forget that merkel 's bare faced going against the general consensus in europe and inviting refugees to come to germany was an explosive move that was basically a big fuck you to all the countries trying to manage their eurosceptic problem . 
  and let 's not forget that the reason she was able to get away with that is because of prevailing hypocritical moralistic narrative that exists in germany that make anyone question the `` good intentions '' of that act as unsympathetic and hateful . 
  germany do control the largest power bloc within the eu , and merkel should be aware that she hardly helped eu integrity or make any friends when giving the green light to people coming to germany from the more war torn parts of the world . 
  except effective legislation rather than a blanket ban would mean that i was n't forced to work sunday if i did n't want to , yet had the option , or that sunday work was spread evenly amongst the staff . 
  furthermore , that might be true if i worked in a supermarket , but i do n't . 
  however , funny how you do n't care about all the bar workers , bakery workers , restaurant workers , hotel workers . 
  i bet you would n't be so keen on sunday work bans if they affected your ability to go for a nice meal when you 're hungover from that party . 
  like so many legal differences germany prides itself on , at their heart is nothing but hypocrisy . 
  in real world = amongst people who are n't indoctrinated by shit social policy that has its basis in thinly veiled religious prejudice . 
  enjoy your state approved mandatory enjoyment fun time then . 
  meanwhile in the real world we take things like economic liberty seriously . 
  yes , the whole of society should rethink time management rather than adapt to modernity . 
  i guess poor people should just rethink their personal finance too . 
  what have i said that is false ? 
  all banks in germany card atm fees when people use their machines if they 're not from their bank . 
  most german bank accounts have monthly fee . 
  in most countries these things are unheard of these days . 
  do you even use german banks ? 
  who the fuck cares if working on sunday is the norm you utter fuck wit . 
  especially if the right to time off is secured . 
  it allows the workers the freedom to build their work schedule around their lives . 
  i see you obviously have some deep seated religious neurosis that remains in your psyche convincing you the sunday is somehow sacred despite all your left wing pretensions . 
  are you against flexitime too , since that could potentially keep parents later in the office . 
  go ahead , keep disadvantaging workers with your sacred sundays , keep fawning over religious interests , you can make church tax even more mandatory while you 're at it . 
  as if shamefully making religious people who do n't wish to contribute to the church officially declare themselves atheists and leave their church was n't humiliating , degrading and inhumane enough right ? 
  not much difference from how german like to correct english speakers on their `` grammar '' . 
  in reality the situation is equivalent . 
  germans have grown up learning the official english grammar in a rather dogmatic fashion , whereas native english speakers treat the language as a tool and little else . 
  furthermore , i was n't telling you that your dialect of german is wrong , or that you 're lying about your dialect . 
  i was merely pointing out that officially , according to duden , pils and pilz are n't homophones . 
  to simply say as you said that `` both are pronounced equally '' , without qualification , is somewhat misleading . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
   you are in fact a capitalist pig who sees people as workers , not ... people first , who have a right to live a balanced life ( family + work ) before having the '' right to work on sundays '' which fyi sunday laws do not achieve that , that 's my point . 
  they do n't give people a balanced work family life . 
  other laws do that more effectively . 
   nobody 's stopping you if you want to work on a sunday . 
  actually they are , that 's exactly what those laws are doing to many people . 
  while we 're insulting each other , let me tell you about yourself , you are a thick as pig shit , arrogant , stuck in the mud , ignorant populist . 
  you are the german equivalent of a trump supporter or brexiteer . 
  also political discourse in your mind has been replaced by shouting slogan like `` capitalist pig '' at any suggestion of an alternative way of doing things . 
  you are a morally bankrupt stupid fuckwit who fails to engage with society at any real level . 
  go fuck yourself you worthless sack of meat unworthy of the title human being . 
  good response to my arguments . 
  i see that you are clearly engaging in the topic and not burying your head in the sand . 
  ah yes , because i do n't agree with you i know nothing . 
  actually sunday working laws in germany are harmful to workers , and just because you 've got some kind of indoctrination hard on against that notion does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  in fact there are more effective ways of protecting workers right to family life and time off than a blanket ban once a week . 
  all sunday laws do is take away workers right to work , which is economically harmful and disadvantaging , not to mention patronising and suspiciously `` christian '' . 
  i do like germany and its culture . 
  does n't meant there are gaping problems with society that fail to be addressed like every country in the fucking world . 
  i am entitled to point out those flaws . 
  i guess we should n't look at things about how the heavy regulation of employment , and the generous benefits granted by employment , are being skirted by employers pushing people into self-employment and mini-jobs , thus making the oh so generous employment rights germany prides itself on a matter of the haves and have-nots ( aka inequality ) . 
  the german government could put an end this tomorrow with legislation , however they do n't because they know their economy relies heavily on this informal and deregulated labour . 
  they could also deregulate working rights a little and spread the entitlement to those rights more evenly across society , in order to compensate for the economic hit , but they wo n't because it could cause outrage amongst the german born population , and burst the delusion many germans have that their system is somehow more ethical than that of many other nations . 
  so instead they exploit loop holes to push those least with the least economic security into systems outside those rights . 
  we could talk about how the german education system is built to keep cost downs by keeping people out of it ( especially foreigners ) on the basis of a pretty much arbitrary requirements , requirements that obviously only the german educational system is set up to meet . 
  we can talk about the lack of opportunities for poorer and less educated segments of society to ever move position , and how society pushes them into more menial roles ( an inequality concealed only by a higher than average pay rate for these protected menial roles ) . 
  not to mention the tripartite education system and how it limits the educational opportunity of children who are n't even yet into their teens . 
  coincidentally this has led to germany having one of the most booming private university sectors in the world , as kids refuse to be told they ca n't have a tertiary education . 
  we can talk about how strong rental protections have been combined with deregulated sublet laws , pushing a growing number of immigrants and casual workers into sublet accommodation . 
  thus pushing them into the kind of insecure living condition that the rental protections were built to protect .
