  who would have thought . 
  that said with almost all apprenticeshiips you still earn enough that you could live off of that on your own . 
  surely you will have to be careful with your money and you might not be able to afford vacation on the french riviera , but you wo n't starve and wo n't be deprived of a basic live . 
  maybe you have to ride your bike instead of a car , but that 's the way it is . 
  which is fine for single people under 30 with no responsibilities . 
  asking a 45 year old hungarian woman with 2 kids and 14 years experience doing something ( e.g working a supermarket ) , to do that is utterly absurd , i hope you can see that . 
   that is not what a cashier does though , at least not exclusively . 
  they are also responsible for properly stocking shelves for helping customers where necessary for stocktaking . 
  i know what people at supermarkets do . 
  i worked at one for a couple of years in the uk ( amazingly i outperformed my more experienced colleagues without a single relevant qualification , because a qualification in something as common sense based as shop keeping means diddly squat in terms of real performance ) . 
   that is the way it is though and it also makes it a lot easier to determine if someone is fit for a job . 
  except an apprenticeship does determine ( i.e test ) whether someone is suitable for a job , it is literally the criteria by which employers decide whether someone is suitable for a job regardless of their actual skill or ability . 
  a trial period of employment can quickly ascertain somebody 's suitability an base that on real results ( i.e someone 's in work performance ) , rather than trusting a piece of paper that alleges that someone can perform a role . 
   it allows you to make it harder to lay people off . 
  actually no it does n't . 
  germany 's employment laws determine how hard it is so fire someone . 
  all apprenticeships do is reduce the pool of people eligible for jobs as there 's no way to justify employing an unqualified person over a qualified one . 
   it is also not like having done an apprenticeship is something for privileged people . 
  an apprenticeship is something almost everyone that does not go to university does . 
  in germany ... which is partially the point here . 
   also yes the german system might not be the most accessible , but it works very well . 
  from the perspective of the people who have grown up within it . 
   the apprenticeship system being good is actually one of the few things you will find almost everyone agreeing upon in germany . 
  which is itself dangerous . 
  the moment something becomes a sacred cow people stop being able to think clearly about it . 
  `` our great education system '' is something that 's heard a little too often here imo . 
  the sentiment that `` germany is the most educated country in the world '' is a little too common . 
  taking a critical attitude to the german education system is liable to get people worked up , especially as a foreigner , and that worries me . 
   requiring a german or an equivalent certificate for a job is not protectionism . 
  would you let a nurse without certification do the job of a nurse ? 
  yes , but the problem is this notion of `` equivalency '' . 
  german has qualifications that do n't exist in most of the world , thus there is no `` equivalent '' , decades of overseas experience do not count as equivalent in germany . 
  there is also some problems with prejudice about what is considered `` equivalent '' ( overseas university qualifications being perceived as lesser than german ones for example ) . 
   do you think it would be safe if the wiring of your place would be done by someone not properly educated in how to do that wiring ? 
  and requiring certification makes sure people actually have the skills to do the jobs as i said . 
  some jobs have qualifications for good reason . 
  nobody is going to die if someone fucks up some shelf shacking . 
  you would think the least germany could do for immigrants is give them access to those markets where qualifications do n't actually make any difference to performance in any real sense . 
  as ever , germany seems to me to be in a crisis of globalism vs protectionism . 
  it was n't to be this globalist nation and open itself to the world but at the same time does n't want to deregulate or open its labour market to free market competition . 
  different kind of racism . 
  a few radical ethnic rights types is not `` more racist '' than the institutionally racist tory party . 
  depends on your dialect and age and other things . 
  i probably have seen that phrase before but it 's not something that is used in everyday language ime . 
   huh ? 
  see i am a university student . 
  i ca n't work a real job because well i am doing university . 
  that is the kind of people doing mini jobs . 
  or your stay at home mom that wants to earn a little money on the side . 
  a mini job is just a small side job . 
  yes , and for you a mini-job is ideal . 
  however , a lot of the people doing those mini-jobs are actually unemployed and on benefits , and just get pushed by the arbeitsamt to take a mini-job which is off-set against their benefits . 
  then again , as a student in other countries you could earn a lot more ( whatever the tax threshold is ) and not have stay under an arbitrary limit to avoid invoking further costs ( e.g hi contributions ) . 
   450 $ is more than just pocket money . 
  it is also a contribution to society , that society does not have to pay for that person leeching of it , and it is nothing other than leeching if you refuse to do reasonable jobs . 
  it is absolutely pocket money , there 's no way anyone could afford to live on it . 
  it 's premised on the idea that that person is supported in some other way . 
  if mini-jobs were just for housewives and students then fair enough , but the reality is that a huge number of migrants end up doing them and remaining on benefits semi-permanently as a result . 
   refuse to do reasonable jobs . 
  a reasonable job in most people 's mind is one that would allow them to stop being dependent on the state and give them a route to building up a dignified life and not a side job that benefits them very little taken only to fulfil criteria . 
   that does not make a lot of sense though because these apprenticeships are far older than immigration being an issue at all . 
  apprenticeships are obviously not a `` new '' idea . 
  you ca n't deny there is a protectivism aspect to them though . 
  it is a barrier to employment for many people . 
   also if you live at home you generally do n't needas much money , these are not even adults often starting apprenticeships . 
  and even then you might not live comfortably of say 900 $ , but you also do n't have trouble surviving if you live chepaly . 
  which is lovely for those fortunate enough to have been born in germany to parents willing to support them during their early adult life to secure themselves a real living wage . 
  again an example of how the system benefits native borns at the expense of immigrants who would do better under a freer labour market . 
   see you could surely also do that with more unlearned people , you could also just learn most of that on the job , but you also still see the difference between new and seasoned cashiers . 
  you can literally only learn a skill like checkout scanning on the job . 
  it 's does n't matter if one takes an apprenticeship or not . 
  also , even if it did , the the needs of society to have slightly faster checkout scanners hardly warrants 2 years of anybody 's life does it . 
  not to mention the fact that supermarket cashier is n't a job that is even necessary any more due to self-service technology , and in the next 20 years we 'll probably even more technology replacing these roles . 
  surely in a fair world people are based on their real skills on not their qualifications . 
  qualifications are expensive and take a lot of time . 
  sometimes we have good reasons for qualifications , ( usually because fucking up in those jobs has serious consequences e.g electrician ) however a lot of time in germany there are qualifications for qualification 's sake , and that is not fair imo , that is unfairly weighting the system towards those privileged enough to take the time and loss of income needed to acquire those qualifications . 
  i know lots of immigrants in germany and it 's not really fair that people come with real skills but ca n't get jobs because german employers will only accept a german piece of paper from a german institution that says that person has the ability to perform that role . 
  that is by definition protectionism . 
  i 'm lucky to have got myself a higher education before coming here , i know lots of people who did n't who are effectively locked out of the german employment market because they 're too old and self-dependent to go back to school or take an apprenticeship . 
  germany could definitely benefit from asking themselves `` cui bono ? '', 
  with regard to some of these systems that portrayed to them as `` fair '' or `` good '' . 
  yes , she 's black and quite controversial as i remember it , i hardly think that makes the labour party more racist than the tories . 
  as for fiscally irresponsible , i guess you do n't believe in keynesian economics . 
  i call years of austerity + an increased national debt fiscally irresponsible , not labour 's plans to invest in society . 
  those mini-jobs look good on statistic but do n't give a true picture of the situation , that 's my point . 
   a minijob also is exactly that a minijob , a job where you are working maybe 12h / week and wonder oh wonder that does not pay for living . 
  the other point would be is that you 're just providing cheap labour to business and taking up the time of people who should be working for or working towards real work or education instead of wasting 12 hours a week getting pocket money to keep the arbeitsamt off their back . 
  i believe new laws mean eu migrants do n't have a choice and can lose access to benefits unless they get some token form of employment . 
   the apprenticeship system is also not a problem . 
  yes you earn less during an apprenticeship simply because you are not as skilled , but it gets you qualification . 
  also yes there is little work in germany that does not require an apprenticeship or a university degree , but that is because having done either of that is simply the norm in germany . 
  that is kinda like saying there is not much work in the us without a high school diploma ( and you finish an apprenticeship a similar time you would finish your a levels or us high school if you do it right after school ) and the cynical interpretation of this system is that it 's a nice way to extract 2 years cheap labour out of people before affording them a living wage and job security , and also a way to keep the german populace comfortable with immigration due to its creating barriers preventing migrants competing for their jobs . 
  a good apprenticeship in something skilled is obviously very valuable and worthwhile , however the cynic in me says an apprenticeship to scan stuff at rewe is just a pretext to get cheap labour and keep the native born population from feeling they 're directly competing with migrants . 
  anyway , i 'm just playing devil 's advocate here , and trying to remove the illusions of some people on this subreddit that germany is socialist utopia with abundant workers ' rights and security for all . 
   the conservatives are terrible , but the most fiscally irresponsible and racist members of the uk government can be found in the labour party ( abbott ) . 
  lol what the actual fuck . 
  chrome : / / settings/languages hier kann man seine einstellungen \u00e4ndern, 
  ok , just be aware most people would say `` cut the mustard '' or `` make the grade '' these days . 
  it 's important to communicate naturally . 
  also do n't use google translate if you can read it already , that 's ridiculous !,
