  these people would love to see the end of things like minimum wage , guaranteed holiday , sick pay , maternity and paternity leave , because they know such systems benefit the wealthy , improve the economy , all at the expense of the poorest classes . 
  confederation is what we 're looking at really . 
  people talk about federalised europe , but that 's because they 're not marking the difference between federalisation and confederalisation ( which is n't even a real word ) . 
  what the eu federalists are pushing for is really confederation , because the authority would always come up from the member states sovereign governments as opposed to down from the eu parliament . 
  i doubt we 'll ever see a situation where the rights of member states to leave the eu are taken away , and that 's the only way we 'd have a true federation . 
  it 's more a semantic thing . 
  if the eu federalised tomorrow there would undoubtedly be a nuclear option built in case any member state wanted to leave , which means we 'd really only be a confederation . 
  an ever closer union is actually a consequence of a supranational free trade area . 
  a lot of people in the uk complained that they only wanted free trade . 
  free trade is overall a good thing , because it makes the economy far more efficient and competitive , it means we can buy more stuff with out wages than ever before . 
  however , this comes with so many problems . 
  if you just open the world to free trade than you need regulatory equivalency amongst the nations in that area . 
  otherwise you might have one country with no workers rights , and another country with abundance of workers rights , holidays , sick pay , maternity leave etc. 
  the country without workers rights then has a competitive advantage over the other nation . 
  this could lead to a race to the bottom scenario , where every country has to become as deregulated as the most deregulated member . 
  the solution is to form a supranational body that decides what criteria a country should meet in order to stay in the free trade zone . 
  it says to the member state , you must do this in order to stay a member , and levels the playing field to some degree , meaning no country is unfairly disadvantaged by membership . 
  this is makes the trade area far more appealing , because if they tried to cut back rights in france to what they were in pre-eu bulgaria then they 'd have riots in the streets , meaning wealthier members would leave . 
  this is essentially how the eu parliament came about . 
  most people in britain naively see eu directives as laws brussels are forcing upon our sovereign state , as if they had a gun to our head , but in reality they are just conditions of continued membership , which a member state can always choose to ignore if it feels it would prosper better outside the bloc . 
  the same goes for banking , one country is letting businesses within the trade zone hide money within their borders and taxing them very little , it acts a sponge on the other nations taking away their tax revenue . 
  that 's why banking transparency is a big part of a trade area . 
  yes countries do have different tax rates , but at least everyone can see what 's going on . 
  very basically , money earned in one country can not be moved to another country without everyone knowing about it , meaning the country the money is leaving can accurately charge the business moving the money tax on the money they earnt within their borders . 
  of course this does n't stop companies moving money around to save money , but they are doing it legitimately within the framework . 
  you can move still move profits abroad after tax of course , but you ca n't avoid tax by sneaking untaxed profits into a foreign system . 
  same goes for monetary policy , which is why the eurozone was created ( at least after fixed exchange rates failed ) . 
  if one country is printing money like crazy and the others are n't that country is actually devaluing everyone 's money but only reaping the benefits of that capital influx itself . 
  the problem we 've had lately , in the case of greece , is that every country has control over its own spending , tax collection , and budget deficit . 
  this is why germany has to make bail out deals that guaranteed the greeks would implement austerity and stop overspending ridiculously , because it was hurting the eurozone area as a whole and benefiting only the greeks who were paying for their society on borrowed money . 
  this is where things start to step over into politics , the eu wants the power to basically say to governments , do as we say or you 're out of the eu on matters like budget spending , to limit the deficit member states are allowed to carry , while currently their powers are limited only to matters than regard freedom of trade and the other eu freedoms . 
  so ultimately , a free trade bloc can only work optimally when you have complete equivalency , regulatory equivalency , monetary equivalency , and political equivalency . 
  the ideal situation economically would be a confederacy with one currency , one central bank , one centralised governmental authority that national governments are bound to follow on laws regarding every major policy issue if it 's necessary . 
  the situation then would look a lot more like the us , with a centralised government having more comprehensive control over what member states can and can not do . 
  the difference however would be that member states would be able to opt out of the arrangement as a nuclear option , whereas in the us , being a federation , there is no mechanism to secede from the union bar brute force action on a state 's behalf . 
  what few people comprehend is that free trade inevitably leads to a situation where the trade bloc looks more like a single country with devolved government , than a bunch of countries just happily trading with each other but acting totally independent of each other , because this is the only way to create a truly level playing field where everyone is playing fair and economic prosperity grows uniformly across the bloc , rather than a situation where each country is in it for themselves and fights to divert wealth its own way at the expense of other member states . 
  the `` just trade '' notion of europe that so many eurosceptics endorse is a pipe dream fantasy , and we 'll never get the most out of the trade zone area without centralised authority in all of the areas i 've mentioned . 
  and in turn , later on , descendants of those french nobles went back and took their country back !, 
  norman superiority !, 
   the underlying economies are n't changing significantly at all yes they are , brexit means massive instability and uncertainty for businesses , this will mean investment will slow down massively . 
  currency value is indicative that people do n't trust the pound will appreciate . 
  people will not buy our currency as much . 
  with a weak currency and a lack of investment companies will scale back production , there is also likely to be a reduced demand of their products in a recession economy , this could mean job losses . 
  job losses reduce consumer spending because caution is high . 
  companies will get less profits because people have less money and what they do have they 're keeping safe in case things get worse . 
  some companies will go under , these will default and stress the banking system even further . 
  money will have to be printed to inject enough capital into the system , the pound will devalue further due to this . 
  companies will find themselves less competitive on the global market due to reduced productivity , high import costs , and a lack of investment . 
  french companies will become a better more profitable investment . 
  france will grow faster than the uk , leading to the gap between the french and british economies growing . 
  france will become wealthier than the uk . 
  it 'll will take years to recoup this loss , the market wo n't improve until certainty can be assured . 
  give a brexit scenario that could take years . 
  all we can hope is that when certainty is returned the french have n't got so far ahead that it becomes too difficult for us to catch up some years down the line . 
  everyone could have found out brexit would do this , but yet there 's brexiteers burying their faces in the sand . 
  i 'm off to rhiems , then popping off to brittany via burgundy , next stop normandy and ending in lyons . 
  i just wish i had time to see picardy and savoy . 
  it used to be our country so we get to make names for it !, 
  suck it froggy !, 
  edit : why do many downvotes . 
  is that what brexit has done ? 
  meant that we ca n't give the french banter any more . 
  people are talking a lot of shit about economics right now , remainers trying to act like the sky is falling and plenty of brexiteers arguing like there 's going to be no economic consequences at all . 
  most of these people do n't seem to understand anything about the economy or how the ramifications of these things are usually immediately apparent . 
  fact is , right now nobody can know how bad the damage is yet , one big reason for this is because nobody knows what 's going to happen yet politically . 
  how bad the uk is affected still depend on what deal they get , which will depend on both whoever takes over the tory party and the eu . 
  whether the banks will lose their financial passports is n't even something we can say for certain yet . 
  in the short term , a few things are certain , due to uncertainty we 're seeing a general slow down . 
  the bank of england is seeing this and implementing policies that will ease this such as freeing up reserves and cutting interest rates . 
  another interesting fact , is that gold is reaching a very high price , which is never a good sign suggesting people see storms on the horizon and are looking to hedge their bets . 
  we are seeing a flight to security , particularly government debt , but yields are at record lows . 
  people are bracing themselves for a shitstorm . 
  it 's pretty simple , the ftse 100 is an index , a stock index is essentially an aggregate of a set of companies ' stock values . 
  the ftse 100 happens to be an index that looks at the top 100 best performing companies listed on the london stock exchange in terms of their market capitalisation . 
  this is basically a fancy way of saying the top 100 companies listed there in terms of their stock value ( although it 's a bit more complicated than that ) . 
  essentially , what you need to know is that when the ftse 100 goes up , it means that the value of those stocks belonging to the top 100 uk companies is going up on average . 
  the reason stock prices goes up is because people want to buy them , people buy them because those people believe their value is going to rise . 
  people are investing in the uk economy by doing this . 
  when it goes down it means that people want to sell them , because they think their value is going to decline . 
  people are taking money their money out of these companies and putting it elsewhere . 
  in a similar vein , the ftse 250 is an index that covers the next 250 companies ( 101-351 ) listed on the london stock exchange . 
  it does exactly the same thing but reflects a larger number of companies and that includes smaller uk companies . 
  what 's happened is that the pound has devalued . 
  currency markets are to some degree similar to stock markets , insofar as their performance can be reflective of the uk economy . 
  currencies increase value when people want to buy that currency , because they think the value will appreciate , and devalue when people do n't want to own that currency , because they think the value will depreciate . 
  currencies increase and decrease for a vast number of reasons too much to go into , but typically a currency increasing in value long term is likely to be correlated with that country doing well , and a currency losing value long term means the country is facing economic adversity . 
  the decline in the value of the pound is reflects of the lack of faith the world has that the uk situation is going to improve before it gets better . 
  people think the pound will we worth less in the future than before . 
  people are moving their money from pounds to other currencies , or into shares , or into gold , or whatever they want it does n't matter . 
  what we have with the stock market is the is the strange situation where the ftse 100 is up but the ftse 250 is down . 
  the reason the ftse 100 is up is because on average more people are wanting to buy the stocks of those companies that are wanting to sell them , across the top 100 the value of their shares is going up . 
  meanwhile , across the next 250 , values are going down . 
  the reason this is happening is because of the pound being so cheap . 
  because the pound is down , people think that the price of the companies within the ftse 100 are , on average , undervalued . 
  this makes them rush to offer more and more money for the stocks of those undervalued companies , pushing their value up , and making the ftse 100 index rise . 
  simultaneously , people are selling off share in more companies across the ftse 250 , making their value decline . 
  from this , we can conclude two things : 1 . 
  investors believe that the devaluation of the pound has caused many of the top 100 uk companies to be undervalued . 
  investors think that brexit is going to cause more damage on average amongst the 250 , and are taking more money out of those companies than they put in . 
  the reasons they believe this are clear .
