  wow thanks for the anti-british tirade ( i support the eu fyi ) . 
  the difference is a fundamentally psychological one . 
  fact is that the nhs is premised on trusting people to actually pay their taxes and earn enough to contribute from than they take out was what left room for the populist right to suggest that immigrants detract from the nhs . 
  it 's ultimately what all those pensioners were afraid of . 
  brexit did n't happen because of what is objectively the case , it happened because how ordinary people think about what is the case . 
  the sentiment of the british public is what the eu ignored all this time , thinking they were above it , and now they 're suffering for it . 
  the beveridge model is clearly more open to exploitation than the bismarck model . 
  in bismarck countries everyone has to pay into the public system unless they 're on benefits . 
  in the uk you can earn # 10000 a year as a self employed worker , # 4000 cash in hand undeclared work , and survive without paying a single penny in tax , and this is what old people in the uk suspected the eu immigrants of doing . 
  compare germany , where you have to pay $ 400 a month into a krankenkasse default unless you 're on benefits . 
  actually overall they are contributors . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  do n't suggest otherwise . 
  nobody but an idiot would think that every briton abroad is a contributor , but that does n't mean they are overall sapping the local economy . 
  those old sick pensioners have pensions which they spend in the economies of their resident countries . 
  they had houses in the uk which they sold to buy houses in spain , keeping spanish builders in work in otherwise deprived areas . 
  hell , eu migration in the uk was an overall net benefit too , and the migrants coming to britain are considerably poorer , less educated , and more likely to depend on state assistance than brits living abroad . 
  british nationals resident in other countries pay into the public health insurance systems just like anyone else , unlike in the uk where everyone resident could access the nhs without having paid a single penny in . 
  a big factor in brexit has been the clashes between the british model of social welfare and work vs that of most of europe . 
  there fact that britain has free on demand beveridge model healthcare , the fact that britain has no mandatory id card , the fact that britain has a relatively high tax threshold ( # 10,000 ) have all been factors in why older britons have always felt the eu did n't work for britain . 
  edit : this anti-british bullshit is really going to fuck things up way more than brexit has . 
  i 'm as pro-eu as they come , but suggesting that british residents in the other member states were n't overall beneficial to those economies is ridiculous . 
  this hatred of services that allow the economy to function is rooted in deeply political issues , and worryingly assumes some kind of collective end goal to the economy . 
  that 's pretty much like saying `` science '' is n't real expect physics . 
  the economy is n't some kind of machine with the sole teleological goal of producing manufactured goods . 
   how deep-rooted `` sieg heil '' was in the older generation oh shut up . 
  that 's not remotely what 's happening here . 
  it 's just i 've heard a fair few irish people express that they feel some kind of bond with germany . 
  almost like a little national bromance . 
  that 's all . 
  i 'm always curious about this ireland - germany comparison that seems popular in ireland . 
  as a third party i ca n't really see it . 
  i heard something like 11 % , the biggest single nation market for german exports after america and china or something . 
  that said , briton needs that shit . 
  with increased cost supply chains will suffer . 
  it 's very much lose-lose for the uk and eu to impair trade to much . 
  that said , the uk 's position as banker to the eu is very much at risk , as services are more dependent on the regulatory environment than on the `` realpolitik '' of the market . 
   neither the uk or the eu have the political credit to afford a soft brexit . 
  the current administration does n't given how they 've behaved , but there 's always hope for change in the future . 
  time to give that money to the nhs instead !, 
  that 's a bullshit argument . 
  the uk might technically be a theocracy but its track record on religion is progressive and it rightly counts itself amongst the top tier nations when it comes to religion not influencing politics . 
  even germany , often perceived to amongst the most progressive ( although that sometimes due to a lack of awareness ) , still has religion as a noticeably larger factor in its politics . 
  having a few bishops in the unelected upper house who can only amend acts , and having the queen as both titular head of state and head of the coe does not stop britain from being a more secular country . 
  when people do n't care about religion for the most then those things make fuck all difference . 
  that 's the worst kind of self justifying ideologue bullshit . 
   those stupid english speaking folks , ca n't even agree on one word for zucchini/courgette !, 
  damn those anglos and their lack of ordnung !!, 
  argh !, 
  oh come off it . 
  ringing bells , eating meat , and racing horses are just as much dutch traditions as they are swiss . 
  integrating does n't mean you ca n't complain about aspects of culture you dislike that you would equally criticise in any other country . 
  no offence but it 's this attitude that has compounded greece 's situation . 
  saw some data that should the ridiculous amount of tax that is illegally avoided in greece , when everyone takes this attitude then there 's no chance of stopping tax evasion . 
  it 's like you 've culturally normalised it , and while that continues nobody is going to want to invest in greece or its economy . 
  pay your fucking taxes man . 
  surprised the germans are doing it when they 're so slow to introduce modern cash register technology in their own country . 
  i know people working in that industry and german business serially under invested in the technology needed for real time cash transactions , partially because of their scepticism about whether germans would take them up with the strong preference for cash in the culture . 
  even big companies like penny ( a popular german discount retailer ) have systems that rely on single web connections and are old as hell . 
  germany totally resists the idea that they should have to pay a third party for providing a financial service in the form of transaction fees . 
  which means in a lot of places wo n't take the big international credit cards like visa and mastercard . 
  that said , things are changing , cards are becoming more the norm and they 've even brought in self-service technology lately . 
  i believe minimum holiday time was only introduced to bring us into compliance with eu law . 
  maternity leave was in the 1975 act but the most of the act is , as i was saying , regulating the relationship between employer and employee in terms of what they can contractually agree to but is n't mandating what the relationship is . 
  it has always been the british way to leave these things to contract law and avoid more prescriptive rules for how people should be permitted to employ others . 
  yes , but point is that prior to the eu the uk 's workers rights were mostly a matter of contract law and industrial action . 
  british people enjoyed a decent level of worker 's rights under this system , well above the world average , but it was n't mandated by legislation in the same way , and there were people who enjoyed fewer holidays than what is now legally mandated because that was their industry standard . 
  those laws mostly just set out rules for how employees and employers must interact , industrial action etc. 
  of course we 've had workers rights since the 19th century . 
  however we never had anything like the working time directive in britain until the eu . 
  britain 's approach was always historically to allow the market to decide a lot of stuff like holiday pay etc. 
  with industrial action being the force ensuring exploitation was n't occurring . 
  ofc we still had things like paid holiday , but it was n't legislated and rigid like the eu requires . 
  that 's offensive to retards . 
  fiscally conservative should n't be understood as synonymous with good . 
  many more ambitious monetary policies have been shown to be effective at creating better economic condition across the board . 
  one problem is that while southern europe cries out for some kind of relaxation of conservative policies germans can snub their noses at it as their economy runs just great . 
  germany does also have a somewhat irrational overly cautious approach to debt that lies in cultural anxiety around the concept more than actual risk . 
  i would n't underestimate the ways in which the tories could sneak through legislative changes that would be disadvantageous to people but beneficial for business , profiting at the expense of ordinary people , it 's not like they 've never done it before and they might get desperate for a quick growth booth after brexit to see britain through a transitional phase . 
  no it did n't . 
  historically workers rights were a matter of contracts between employee and employers , that 's why we had unions to enforce industry standards in terms of holiday pay and time off . 
  realistically , i think that workers rights are likely to carry over from the eu regulations in any great repeal bill , but it would leave it entirely in the remit of legislation that the government could alter if they ever ceased to be political suicide . 
  it 's grossly exaggerated but it 's not nonsense . 
  there definitely is a high probability of deregulation if brexit does n't go well . 
  nobody called them retards , they pointed out that brexit support correlates with lower educational achievement , which is true . 
  you made that inference to their being retards , not us . 
  he says as he enjoys the highest employment rate in the uk in bloody ages . 
  those who voted leave do n't see the benefits of the single market whatsoever because they 're ordinary people mostly without higher education who 've never read a book on economics in their lives . 
  they do see how the white british working class have been getting a the shit end of the stick from both the traditional right and left for the last 20 years though and the eu and immigrants are convenient thing to blame rather than realise they 're stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  i know exactly why remain lost . 
  it was a massive fuck you to the establishment from the white working class majority who are sick of only hearing ( from people like corbyn ) that only weak and needy benefits recipients and minority interests matter while hard working ordinary people scrape by on bare minimum , and only hearing ( from people like cameron ) about how great the economy is doing yet not seeing any of this prosperity in their local communities . 
  the solution is right wing populism . 
  the problem is that none of this was the eu 's fault , the eu was just a scapegoat that while associated with those things ( the eu 's growth and these political problems roughly coinciding ) , they actually had nothing to do with each other , and leaving the eu is n't actually going to solve any of them but will aggravate an already shit situation . 
  sadly it was n't eu migrants or brussels regulations making traditionally proud working class communities shitholes full of benefit scroungers and fuck all jobs , nor were they pushing down wages , it was incompetency on the behalf of both the tories and labour paired with the biggest recession in recent history . 
  i would say that identity politics is actually a smaller part of it here than in the us . 
  identity politics is n't really as big a concept in britain . 
  i do think that the labour giving the impression they care more about minorities and multiculturalism than the white majority is a factor , but not as significant as in the us perhaps . 
  a bigger part of it in britain is the strong division between people who are seen as `` takers '' i.e benefit recipients , and people who see themselves as hard working , honest , and deserving of a long awaited break in the form of some economic prosperity in their communities . 
  the vast majority of these takers are also white working class , which is why this community is so divided . 
  whereas before the working class saw themselves as collectively oppressed and had greater solidarity , now the working side of it do n't see themselves as victims , and see the benefit taking side as low life morally bankrupt parasites .
