  in more places in europe you 've got this sense of `` das volk '' ( excuse the nazi allusions ) , a homogeneous unitary mass . 
  while this does n't match the reality , most of europe is now heterogeneous , it 's just been expanded to a inclusive identity . 
  herr doktor m\u00fcller might speak something that mostly resembles hochdeutsch , while herr bauer might just speak dialect and work in a repair shop , but there 's a genuine sense of affinity between the two as `` bayern '' or `` k\u00f6lsche jungen '' . 
  you wo n't find the same degree of affinity in the uk , the middle class taking on more a non-regional identity as such things are perceived as somewhat base and naff , while the working class take on a strong regional identity regardless of how shit where they live actually is . 
  ultimately all nations are divided between the bourgeois and the proletariat , the rich always think they 're more deserving and clear thinking than the poor . 
  in finland i 'm sure you have families who are rich and educated who think themselves better than those hicks down the treat who speak in dialect , behave uncouthly and do n't care about education and appearing civilised . 
  britain just decided to employ a slightly more complicated system that would . 
  britain has both the fanciest aristocrats ( although their culture is slowly dying out , or at least mutating into something that does n't resemble the old school aristocracy ) and the worst uneducated classes because the tripartite system exaggerates the level of diversion between the two . 
  the idea of a tripartite society being ideal is hardly a new one , anyone who 's read plato 's republic should be aware of it . 
  no doubt the aristocracy of old england through the centuries were well aware of it and this in turned influenced how they allocated power and resources . 
  nick clegg was the weaker part of a tory dominated coalition . 
  the biggest problem was that he was held to the policies he 'd proposed in the general election under the premise that the libs dems were in power . 
  the only way the lib dems would 've been able to deliver what they asked would 've been with a lib dem as pm , perhaps only with a lib dem majority . 
  it 's proof enough that when you 're the third legitimate party with virtually no chance of getting into power you still need to be careful what you promise in case you do actually get some power . 
  this is how it should be , people moving around europe to where the work is . 
  there is no point forcing people to stay in their country of origin when you ca n't give them a job . 
  this is one of those things market forces can actually assist . 
  i feel bad because you actually believe that shit . 
  namely that britain will do well out of the single market and that the eu need to punish us to prevent that . 
  it 's just so ridiculously dumb that i feel bad for you . 
  1 ) because you believe the world ca n't wait to give the uk business once they 're out ; you 're going to be sorely disappointed 2 ) because you think the eu is `` punishing '' the uk by not giving everything it had within the eu without the price tag , and that the reason it wo n't give the uk that is because they 're afraid of the uk 's success rather than because giving people all the perks of membership of club without the actually making them be a member is the best way to undermine that membership . 
  you 're clearly just one of those many stupid people that thrive in britain who see the world so egotistically and materially that you 're literally incapable of seeing the bigger picture . 
  it 's embarrassing to be british lately , when did we go from a nation of intelligent world conquers to a nation of reality tv watching dumb arses who ca n't see beyond empty nationalist fervour and casual xenophobia . 
  itt : brexiteers cheering on their demise . 
  god i wish my nation were n't so fucking thick . 
  problem is that there are more people in the uk than in california and new york state combined , that 's an awful lot of marmalade you 'll need to buy to keep up afloat :3 at least you 've got a lot of fatties over there !, 
  hmm that 's trading the news , allegedly it can be done , but the problem is that the forex is really a hierarchy , and the movements of the big players are often deliberately counter intuitive as they can affect the market and clean up . 
  also national banks behaviour are n't always entirely predictable , and the big boys tend to know everything first . 
  let 's not be too crazy . 
  i 'm as pro eu as they come , and i 'm could lose my job over this , but the city of london wo n't fall without passporting , it 's way bigger than that . 
  it will mean some more money heading to the mainland and ireland though . 
  were they there just to get drunk though , or to bring stuff back ? 
  norwegians are the only nation who can go on holiday and save money doing so . 
  [ it has been contemplated , as least for ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_sea_fixed_crossing ) however , reading about it sadly it seems like it 's doomed as a concept . 
  the problem is that the places where a bridge would be most suitable would only end up connecting northern ireland ( economically pretty meh ) with some of the most remote , inhospitable , poorly infrastructured , and economically deprived parts of scotland . 
  you would then need to build a very expensive motorway over difficult terrain to get people near anywhere of actual worth . 
  furthermore , even if you did pay for all that infrastructure , very few english people are going to drive all the way to the mull of kintyre ( or even portpatrick ) just to get to ireland , and very few irish would be willing to do the journey in reverse just to get to england . 
  it would end up mostly used by scots travelling to n. ireland and vice versa , and there simply are n't enough people in these regions to warrant it . 
  the more economically viable idea is to link north wales with dublin , as dublin is economically significant enough for the venture to one day pay off . 
  on the irish side you have the irish capital and on the british side you 're not too far away from the greater northern conurbation which has good connections to the rest of britain ( manchester , liverpool etc. ) . 
  it 's much more viable to run high speed train line / motorway a along the north wales coast , and would likely bring much needed investment to the region . 
  this would make dublin and london only 2\u00a01/2 hours away from each other by high speed train . 
  however , the sea is a lot wider here , and it would be a crossing on a scale never seen before ( about 60 miles ) which means it 's still in realms of near future science fiction at the moment i 'm afraid . 
  i curious about what led to this situation in the nordic nations . 
  anecdotally i 've heard that nords go fucking bonkers when given unrestricted access to booze , as evidenced by how they act on boat trips to estonia and stuff , but i doubt that explanation has much historical credence . 
  west europe = best europe i like how you can see the rhine valley too . 
  england has n't been invaded since 1066 , we 'll ignore bonnie prince willy as he was pretty much invited . 
  there 's no smack or shortbread left !, 
  british authorities have always recommended - z , it 's just the british people who refuse to use it . 
  trust me , when your parents take you there for a day trip on a rainy autumn as way of apology because we sadly we wo n't be able to afford the holiday in florida we 've been planning as daddy 's been made redundant you wo n't love it . 
  i suppose we 're spoilt first world brats for not appreciating it but still ... and now i 've made myself sad . 
  to be fair it 's quite a funny piece . 
  most people do n't seem to get that the suggestion is that the crazy old bat fantasises about having dinner with all the men she 's ever had romantic entanglements with in her life , with the butler filling in for each of them , and then at the end it 's implied that she gets the butler ( who at this stage is blind drunk from drinking the very real drinks of four imaginary people ) to take her to bed . 
  consequently it 's actually quite a risqu\u00e9 piece of humour , improved by the fact that to the innocent mind it can be seen merely as a story about a lonely crazy old woman with a slapstick butler falling over and doing silly impersonations of her old friends ( all of whom happen to be male ) , while the adults can have a laugh at the impropriety of it all . 
  that said , living in the times we do , the hints at impropriety can be lost , given how desensitised we are to such things these days , and the idea of an old noble lady getting the butler to give her a yearly rogering while fantasising about old flames does n't seem nearly as shocking or funny as it might 've done in the 60s and 70s . 
  oh yes , because if some person from the 3rd world can put themselves through hell to get themselves into a european nation , that means it should be the same for everyone . 
  this pseudo `` equality '' argument , as if someone coming from italy must be subject to same demands as someone coming from rural india must be the same is just the kind of shit i 'd expect only in the usa , the product of exceptionalism that sees itself as above all other nations . 
  why do n't we leave fantasy land for a second ... 
  in reality many many people try to come live in the uk and only a tiny minority of those succeed . 
  however , when we broke down these barriers , and stopped expecting spanish scientists to put themselves through the same hell as someone trying to get here from the 3rd world , it actually attracted a lot of talent to britain . 
  in fact , it looked like britain was going to be the best performing nation in the whole of europe . 
  let 's not forget that since 2007 britain has had one of the strongest economies in the world relatively speaking . 
  nah , mate , let 's fucking expect europe 's talent to flock to the uk when they have to meet stringent visa requirements and constant bureaucracy to come here . 
  let 's build a red tape wall between us and europe , it will surely benefit us hugely ... edit : i 'm pretty sure you believe your rights as a british citizen are guaranteed . 
  if the uk tried to deport you i think you 'd be pretty fucking angry and screaming about your rights , ironic that you do n't afford the eu the same respect ( years of nationalist propaganda will do that to you ) . 
  why do n't you take a moment to contemplate the categorical imperative . 
  perhaps welcoming people into your country who have kindly made that same offer to you , allowing them to build lives here , and then pulling the rug from underneath them while they 've never had the same intention to you is a dick thing to do . 
  that eu directive contradicts nothing i 've said . 
  you just do n't understand the fundamentals of our government constitution if you think it does . 
  those eu directives are conditions of membership , not legally binding authority over the nations . 
  unlike real authority , which has power over you whether you want it or not , the eu is entirely consensual ( which is why it 's pooled sovereignty and not federalism ) , and this is the fact that the right wing murdoch owned rags and friends have tried to conceal from the british people consistently with anti-eu rhetoric over the past decade , constantly making it sound like the eu were bossing the uk around and that the uk government had no choice but to unwilling follow their rulings . 
  this is also why the notion that the eu could secretly federalise us ( which would really be a loss of sovereignty ) are so far fetched . 
  not only because the eu are nowhere near insane or foolish enough to think they could slip federalism through the back door , as in reality they would need a strong political mandate from every country that joined the federation i.e referendum , but also because the first principle of british constitution is that parliament is sovereign , and another important one is that constitutional changes in britain need a referendum ( a binding one at that , not an advisory one ) . 
  sorry i 'm past the point of convincing people nicely , i ( and others ) have tried and it did n't work . 
  honestly , i think one of the reasons leave won was because brexiteers made at lot of noise and showed a lot of emotion while the . 
  unlike all the people that have a vague suspicion that somehow they 're not getting the wage they deserve because some eastern european is doing it on the cheap because they saw someone speaking polish outside lidl , i actually am having my life affected by brexit ( working as a freelancer in europe while living in germany ) , so i have no patience for brexiteers or even this unwilling fatalistic brexit acceptance that seems to be common now . 
  even in my situation , i ca n't imagine what they poor families of unskilled workers who came to the uk at the hope of a better life at feeling right now . 
  excuse me for feeling angry when someone tells me that they think it 's worth it just because they have a mistrust of the french/germans and think they 're somehow taking advantage of us , or because they think the eu is undemocratic , despite the fact they have consisted voted for the parties that support it within their democracy ( ironically ukip voters at least have some dignity in that regard ) , or because some mystery foreigner is stealing our jobs , or because they do n't like foreigners accessing the nhs or getting benefits despite the fact that treasury gains more money from eu migrants than it costs to keep them . 
  let 's not forget the promise of mysterious intangible economic gain from the deals we secure with places like china and the usa just after putting ourselves into the weakest negotiating position we 've been in since the mid-70s . 
  maybe if remainers had stopped being nice and understanding in their hope that common sense would eventually win out and had actually been a bit more harshly realistic when it came to the brexit argument , after all it seems to be the brashness and the hard talking pseudo common sense rhetoric ( which is actually empty promises ) of the likes of farage and trump that draws people to these alt-right ways of thinking . 
  ah yes , because being deported is the only way to have your life fucked up . 
  pulling the legal securities they enjoyed from under their feet , casting uncertainty over their futures , and potentially making them subject to restrictive and demanding visa requirements just to continue living where they have made their lives ( all the while believing their eu rights were guaranteed ) totally is n't fucking up their lives . 
  mate ... why would a german citizen have a permanent visa ? 
  i do n't think those words mean what you think they mean ( i love how you feel you can legitimately make decisions that affect millions of immigrants in britain and the eu without knowing the difference ) . 
  in most countries , getting permanent residency takes at least 5 years ( sometimes more , my american friend has waited 10 years to access german national insurance ) , and during that period , no , they would n't have access to german healthcare . 
  they have pay a private company to insure them , so good luck emigrating if you 've ever had cancer , are old , or have a chronic disease ( i forgot that in brexiteer world the right to move country is restricted to the strong and economically prosperous ) . 
  sorry , access to health insurance across the eu is just another one of our eu provided freedoms that brexiteers hate . 
  it 's ironic that this topic should come up since i 've worked with german insurance policies before . 
   the eu takes a portion of our wealth , involuntarily . 
  no it does n't . 
  it takes a portion of our wealth according to rules we voluntarily agreed to . 
  we agree to these rules because we know we benefit vastly more economically from membership than we pay . 
  it 's fucking simple . 
   it restricts us when it comes to manufacturing , creating regulations which makes it harder for small businesses to operate , so there 's some freedoms there . 
  no , it does n't . 
  this is just some stupid shit that daily mail reader believe . 
  please cite the laws in question that are ruining small businesses ... let 's skip ahead , you ca n't because they do n't exist . 
  ironically , british business has thrived since we joined the eu , and the places that are poorer are mostly poorer because their local economies were entirely propped up by protectionist economic policy ( which made us poorer overall ) . 
  see , mining , fishing , agriculture . 
   we lose our democratic method of choosing immigration from inside the eu .
