  personally i find the show hit and miss . 
  sometimes it 's funny but sometimes he pitches just a little too dumb and i only hear a laugh track of guffawing . 
  salty mate ? 
  it 's not a competition . 
  irish are golden mate , no way they 're changing the laws about irish rights to work and reside in the uk . 
   ageing brexit wankers haha brilliant phrase . 
  it 's a fair question , but i do n't think the eu really wants to make it `` really hard '' . 
  it follows that britain ca n't be seen to benefit from leaving , that 's not the same as punish hard . 
  i find him moderately amusing but it annoys me sometimes how much he plays up inaccurate british ( and other european ) stereotypes to please his us audience . 
  you 've got to play to your audience though , and i think he 's really just playing off the international ignorance of the american public to teach them something about outside their borders . 
  yes , it 's so much worth than places like bulgaria where politicians have guns pulled on them in parliament etc. 
  seriously get some perspective . 
  brexit is n't even as big a drama as people keep making out , and if anything europe will be far less affected than britain , so unless you 're british you 've got even less of a stake in this horserace . 
  it will eventually get resolved , and the only ones liable to suffer are the very people who voted for it in the first place ( poor british communities ) . 
  acting like it 's the biggest event since ww2 is fucking retarded . 
  he 's got [ my vote ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkjgatytwm4 ) . 
  about time the british empire left planet earth and spread itself across the galaxy . 
  yeah by `` people '' i mean british people , thought that was kinda obvious from the context . 
  yes , well if you want to produce those figures alongside your analysis to the good people of northern england i 'm sure they 'll be utter swayed by your analysis . 
  do you see the problem now ? 
  as i 've said many times in this thread . 
  making economic arguments based on data wo n't work here . 
  when people want change and they do n't get it eventually become immune to cogent arguments and dig their heels in an ideology with the aim of causing disruption , whatever the cost , until their voices are heard . 
  i also would n't underestimate the degree to which the uk performed better than most eu nations because it pursued the type of neoliberal policy that resulted in the alienation of these communities in the first place . 
  the reality is that a government can enact policy that is great for `` the country '' , either the power holders in that country , or even the majority of people living there , but when you have inequality and do n't keep large swathes of your community happy , seemingly benefiting at their expense , then you 're in for trouble . 
  and that 's what we have . 
  do you think they teach philosophy to children in any real sense in other nations ? 
  the uk curriculum does actually put a pretty heavy focus on trying to teach critical thinking compared to most other nations . 
  that does n't mean it succeeds . 
  btw i 'm not claiming that the uk school system is fantastic . 
  i 'd say it was quite average for europe . 
  but i think it 's naive interpretation to think that brexit just happened because too many people are thick . 
  the reality is that to all of us it seems sensible not to leave the eu , however you ca n't reduce people down to just being 100 % logical and sensible all the time . 
  if you give a starving many bread it 's `` logical '' that he 'd take it . 
  but sometimes a starving man will take it , chuck it on the floor , and spit in your face . 
  is that sensible ? 
  well , we might think it an imprudent course of action but putting the action down to a lack of education such that he does n't understand he needs nourishment and bread will provide him nourishment is really naive . 
  it is a powerful act , to willingly put oneself at risk or disadvantage to make a point . 
  brexit was a chance to hit back at `` society '' that had ignored many people and their voices for a long time , had told them to shut up because they did n't think their arguments were educated or forward thinking enough . 
  not everything has to be rational . 
  people follow their guts and their hearts too , and those things have lead many people to reject 1 ) the governments of both blair and cameron 2 ) the concept of european economic and political unity . 
  under fascism a government can simply do what it thinks is best regardless of what people think . 
  in a democracy you have to work around people . 
  the current authorities , both the uk government and the eu ( although i put most of the fault that the feet of the uk gov ) have failed to work around people and their needs . 
  simple as that . 
  there 's no point complaining about that unless you support fascism . 
  you have to pick yourself up and think , what did we do wrong ? 
  britain is a nation of diverse opinions . 
  more diverse than what you 'll find in many other nations . 
  calling the uk thick for not doing what was expected of them is myopic as fuck when 52 % of the voters said no to the eu . 
  it can only be put down to failure of our leaders to those who are meant to be able to hold favour within a democratic paradigm . 
  greek debt ? 
  serbia war ? 
  germany reunification ? 
  that 's the minority of brexiteers , nevermind minority of british people . 
  you 're the one being absurdly patronising make out like i 'm suggesting the uk try to undercut the eu in markets the eu controls . 
  that makes no sense . 
  say something dumb and expect a patronising answers . 
  it does n't matter if china and india are net exporters . 
  the eu is n't going to punish them for trading with the uk any more than it punishes them for trading with america . 
  trading with the uk does n't require china or india to stop selling in the eu . 
  the uk does n't want the chinese and indians to build factories in the uk with the intention of exporting to the eu , that 's absurd . 
  as i said , you do n't seem to get this . 
  as far as the uk 's trade with the eu outside of the eu it would just muddle along as best it could , but in a nuclear brexit scenario it would simple find industries that both eu companies and uk companies sell to other parts of the world , and slash the taxes on those industries to fuck all so they would out compete eu competition due to the regulatory framework they work within . 
  the eu imports lots of shit from the world and it exports lots of the shit to the world . 
  the eu is just a link in that chain . 
  the uk would supplant that link as best it could with favourable regulation . 
  the british people would suffer , but if you think british people ca n't suffer when someone tries to push them around you 've well underestimated the masochistic and matyrish character of the nation . 
  i do n't think you get this at all mate . 
  if china or india is buying stuff from the eu to sell in china or india or the us or south america ( or even the eu ) then the uk will offer them the same services but with 0 % tax . 
  such an economic strategy is obviously not aimed at economic markets the eu can control and prevent the uk from undercutting them in , that makes zero sense . 
  the world is bigger than the eu , and it would be the eu 's interaction with other markets that the uk would attempt to undermine . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm talking about a nuclear brexit , it does n't require fuck all with europe . 
  i do n't think you understand this at all . 
  the uk would n't take up economic policy aimed at out competing companies producing within the eu for the eu market , but rather at taking business away from the eu coming from outside the eu . 
  that 's to say , diverting much needed us and asian money flowing into the eu 27 into the uk instead . 
  to compete the eu would have to either deregulate or spend to compensate , which would hurt the eu economically . 
   was n't that your farmers voted mostly `` yes '' and now they realized that their subsidies are in danger ? 
   was n't that some of the people voted believing that `` yes '' would stop all immigration ( not just eu ) ? 
  no offence , but in saying that i think you 're being just as guilty of buying into a narrative as they were . 
  both dumb and smart people voted in the referendum , and both dumb and smart people voted on each side . 
  maybe there were more dumb ones on side and more smart ones on the other , but that 's really not something we can verify . 
  i think it 's pretty fair to say that the uk has a pretty average distribution of dumb and smart people for european nation . 
  there 's nothing especially dumb about the uk ( nor especially smart ) . 
   this is what i 'm talking about . 
  critical thinking . 
  understanding as much and as many as possible consequences of your vote . 
  many people did understand the consequences . 
  people understood in accordance with their own intelligence and degree of interest . 
  britain is actually pretty big on critical thinking , and probably more of the more cynical and self-criticising nations of europe frankly . 
  so while yeah , some people probably did n't think very hard about their choice in the referendum that 's just par of the course in any referendum and ultimately an insufficient explanation of why things turned out the way they did . 
   what if 10 % of the people who voted `` yes '' for example missed an important consequence for them , or thought some things that were wrong , something that might change their mind and maybe this more informed vote would have led to a different result for that referendum ? 
  and that 's exactly what everyone tried to do . 
  but in a free society you can not strongly influence what people choose to believe . 
  these are n't black and white questions . 
  most brexiteers absolutely expected the result to fuck shit up , that 's why they did it , willingly and rationally . 
  the delusional people are also insufficient to explain the result . 
   and i do n't have a problem with people who know what they vote , even if they vote different than me . 
  i do however have a problem with people that do n't know what they vote for .
