  politics is a process of violent synthesis whereby somethings simply have to run their course , and the result will be a new agenda and a new way of politics that will naturally resolve the contradictions of the last one . 
  certainly some people need to stop mocking britain for its shift to the left undermining the power of its own government . 
  this is n't football , the goal is n't just to win , it 's to resolve a vast problem the size of a country . 
  the uk will naturally resolve its political situation through its democracy , you ca n't force that to happen . 
   it 's also quite funny how you seem to call for economic warfare . 
  this knife cuts both ways though ... 
  i think britain 's willingness to destroy itself just to prove mainland european folk wrong has been well established historically . 
  i would n't recommend getting into a game of chicken with the uk . 
  do you really want to push the uk into cahoots with putin and trump giving them all the same agenda of undermining eu power ? 
  seems to me to be unwise . 
  the reality is that half the uk did n't even want brexit , and those that did were n't exactly in agreement about what they wanted . 
  stop bitching like the uk 's political situation was personally ruining your own political life , stop making like the uk is some great satan or some spoilt child . 
  be a bro and keep your figures crossed that it gets resolved as quickly as possible and wait while a large global economy undergoes a period of political change . 
  nope definitely did n't help but what do you expect us to do ? 
  nationalise the press ? 
  forcibly change the political opinions of the british people and government so they sat more comfortably with eu policy ? 
  you 're really winning friends and allies with that attitude . 
  if you want to encourage the uk to engage in policy aimed at destabilising the eurozone immediately after brexit you 're going the right way about it . 
  what 's sad is that you do n't seem to get that this is about people . 
  you 're talking about `` britain '' as enemies as if everyone thought the same about anything is just stupid . 
  should n't underestimate the degree to which poor regions of britain have been losers during the rise of the eu . 
  that nationalism in brexit rhetoric has n't come from an entirely misplaced position . 
  i can see why brexiteers blamed the eu , even if i myself do n't blame the eu . 
  ah yes , keep pushing that german agenda of casting britain as wanting extra sausage instead there being integral problems with the european union that need to be resolved . 
  this definitely is n't an inevitable political incident that has been slowly simmering under the surface for the last decade ; it 's all just the fact that british people are genetically a nation of snowflake unlike the ubermenschen with their protective industrial practices and heavily regulated labour markets . 
  design a europe union around france and germany ... 
  complains when countries do n't have an identical vision for the union and do n't embrace what you 've defined it as standing for . 
  are you really going to argue that britain getting a rebate from the agricultural policy when britain has so little agriculture is `` those damn islanders wanting extra sausage '' . 
  i suppose we should 've had the largest contribution despite not even being the largest eu economy ( owing to the fact we do n't have enough farmers to suckle the sweet eu teat ) . 
  and your smug patronising comments are n't pompous at all ... getting boring on this sub with all the sanctimonious euro-circle jerking , and anti-uk rhetoric . 
  let britain get on with its democracy ffs . 
  we do n't owe it to you to limit our political discourse just for your peace of mind , we 've got bigger concerns . 
  if they political mandate were there it 's absolutely reversible . 
  the problem is the lack of a political mandate . 
  spoken like a true ideologue . 
  let it fall of a cliff so all the country starts to hate the eu and the uk is forced to deregulate heavily to try to compete with eu trade ? 
  probably not a good option either . 
  my money would be on an interim deal . 
  sounding a bit smug there matie . 
  which country in europe has not been thrown into political turmoil a few times in the last few decades ? 
   it 's not incredibly unfair that i lose my right to live and work in your country just because you ca n't reign in your runaway tabloid press . 
  wow so the fate of a nation 's destiny hangs in the balance and all you 're annoyed about is losing your right to live and work in the uk . 
  guess what , if you lose that right briton 's lose it for 27 other countries . 
  you 're getting the better deal . 
  reality is that britain pursues its own political fate . 
  it 's no more the fault of britain that the british people voted to leave than it is the eu . 
  you ca n't just blame this on the tabloids as if they just control public 's sentiment . 
  the reality is that the eu has caused friction in our society . 
  you can just as readily blame the eu 's vision of freedom of movement across the 28 states as you can the tories and new labours ideals on free trade and a deregulated labour market . 
  britain is n't germany , it never will be germany , it does n't want to be germany , in fact by british standards being like germany is in many ways undesirable . 
  the eu 's vision is built around germany 's model of a functioning society and not a british vision of one . 
  and you can see how much the eu has benefited germany ( not just its economy but its society too ) compared to other nation where more people have been left by behind by this globalist concept we call the eu . 
  maybe if britain had mimicked germany policy it would have a similar relationship with the eu , the eu has no more right to expect britain to do that than britain has to insist germany deregulate its labour market to match that of britain 's . 
  british people have to pursue their own destiny , whether that is with or without the eu is secondary to the need of nations to pursue their own agenda and build a society they see as fair . 
  too many europeans failing to see that we 're in many ways different from much of europe , we have different values , a different conception of what 's right , a different philosophical basis for our ideology than you do . 
  for example , not requiring a million stamped pieces of paper to land a job has always been a luxury britain has enjoyed , but it stands in direct conflict with free movement , as it leaves the labour market way more open to foreign competition . 
  having uncontrolled housing market where people are free to invest in property as they see fit and are n't subject to mandatory rent control or heavy costs for speculation has always been a system that worked relatively well in britain , but it comes undone when you take in thousands of migrants and there 's no financial incentive to build houses because they 're all renters and not buyers . 
  britain has always enjoyed free on demand healthcare paid for through income tax . 
  obviously a system like this , rather than the one more common in europe where large sums of money are demanded of your immediately regardless of your income unless one qualifies for and applies for state assistance , is way more dependent on the notion that most people pull their weight . 
  difficult to believe when you have people coming from vastly poorer countries to take low paid jobs that do n't contribute much by way of tax . 
  importing poor people is great for big business but not so good for the poor of that country , and even if it has n't caused wages to decline it 's certainly detracted from the british working class 's sense of usefulness and number of options when it comes to employment . 
  most of europe , including germany , is still very much a mono-culture compared to britain , and this is yet another reason it does n't fear its culture being radically altered by eu migration . 
  germans support their own industries , buy from their own local businesses foremost , and work within the framework of the eu to maintain policies that will keep their own people working and in a high standard of living regardless . 
  these things are n't just somewhat foreign to britain , they 're fundamentally opposed to the internationalism the british identity has historically stood for . 
  with corbyn that may well be changing , and whether we do that within the framework of the eea or outside of it is secondary to the direction the nation takes . 
  britain is working through its own political conundrum . 
  instead of hating on the uk , europe would do better to wait and see how it resolves itself . 
  there motivation is nationalism . 
  that does n't mean fascism . 
  british politics used to be able policies that aimed to improve the wealth of the nation for everyone who lived there . 
  in the last 20 years so much of the narrative has been dominated by issues of multiculturalism , meanwhile the economy has mostly been good but none of the spoils have been push down to those communities that were previous dependent on nationalised industry . 
  largest wealth divide of any european nation . 
  keep the proletariat happy is one of the first rules of statesmanship . 
  btw the reason the government gave the people for their not being able to improve the economy for many people was globalism . 
  we ca n't make british industry competitive because other countries work cheaper , we ca n't change our trade policies because we 're in a trade union . 
  thus the eurosceptic growth in the north of england . 
  old labour supporting pensioners switching to ukip because they see politics as a struggle to secure better wages from a ruling elite class . 
  if i were the eu now i 'd be watching with bated breath to see how this complex political conundrum resolved itself and not label britain an enemy . 
  americans are just afraid of anything that is right wing frankly . 
  corbyn is going to have to moderate is bollocks a fair degree to keep the majority of electorate anyway . 
  if labour got power it would be a balance between the old left and the neoliberals . 
  overreaction ? 
  drunk british `` lads '' being cunts after getting a free boozy lunch of a business trip ? 
  would n't mind more info on this . 
  jesus christ , brexit referendum ! = trump support . 
  you realise a lot of support for brexit came from the left ? 
  more pro-eu people have faith in labour delivering a softer brexit deal than may . 
  it 's a combination of the rich vote being diluted by foreign residents and the tories going against the cosmopolitan elite with brexit . 
  simple as that really . 
  [ this is what he does ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkjgatytwm4 ), 
  lots of people are voting against the tories in the hopes of sabotaging brexit so bad that nothing happens i think . 
  the tories had a pact with the cosmopolitan elite that they would be the party of common sense and economy . 
  under cameron it was believable . 
  i mean kensington is now a labour constituency , something unthinkable just 2 years ago . 
  kensington as a borough is richer than many medium sized european cities . 
  i 've always said that the ultimate win for the eu is brexit is such a failure the uk has to come back cap in hand and throw itself at the mercy at the eu to allow them to continue in the single market . 
  the eu ideologues seem to miss that because they 're angry at britain and have cast britain as the enemy who now needs to be ousted . 
  yeah but the tories brought in the 9 grand ones . 
  they took away our ema and then told us we had to pay tuitions fees , nine grand a year oh mrs may did not endear the youth of britain with her crusade ` gainst freaky porn which she forbade and online freedom which she did hate lest the children masturbate which , of course , is something they must control as tory mps want that role in secret clubs for members only with bbc celebs in case they get lonely o mrs may , you provincial bore is it not time you left the floor and gave the torch to some other shrew who we 'll all despise err the month is through, 
  maybe .
