  it does have some great attractions though , the free museums are bonus , especially because they have some really amazing stuff , and if you have friends who live there it 's an amazing experience , because they can help you find you way . 
  however , as tourist bumbling in blindly , everything from tube tickets costing more than the oyster card , the heathrow express being a journey easily made by tube , the fact that stansted is even considered a london airport , is trap to extract money from your wallet . 
  a beer costs 6 euros , a taxi costs the same as a flight to amsterdam , and nothing is free . 
  why do you sound the - c in qu\u00e9bec at all actually ? 
  yeah , but at least nobody could say they did n't have he opportunity to learn them . 
  you could study anything from just french to 3 out of french + german/latin/spanish, 
  if it 's your ambition to become a sausage in some weird old german lady 's basement then yes . 
  yes , stress patterns are unusual for french speakers . 
  you seem to be taking this quite personally and getting involved in the argument . 
  this is n't about whether london is comparable to hamburg , or berlin , i 'd be inclined to say they 're very different places with very different things to offer , also hamburg is really tiny comparatively without nothing like the same amount of culture , but whatever . 
  this is about public perception . 
   the uk for most germans is really just , as you said , london . 
  first off , scotland is in the uk . 
  i 'm pretty confident if you pulled the tourism data in germany to uk the majority of it would go to london , the rest , as you rightly said , would go to scotland . 
  in 2014 1.4 million germans visited the uk for tourism ( rather than business or seeing relatives ) , meanwhile ireland only sees 600,000 germans annually , scotland was only 300,000 of the 1.4 million that visited the uk . 
  we can only assume that the vast majority of the 1.1 million were in london . 
  the data on germany is hard to compare , because it does n't exclude people on business trips , but the gross figures show that 2.4 m britons visited germany in 2014 , gross , including business trips etc , compared to 3.4 m germans who visited the uk gross . 
  these data shows that germans seem more inclined to go to the uk than vice versa generally , for any reason whatsoever , even if you account for population differences . 
  furthermore , `` the green isle '' is ireland , what did you think i was referring too ? 
  have you not seen the adverts plastered all over rewe saying `` die gr\u00fcne insel '' ? 
  truth is that london is the tourism hub of the uk , i 'm very confident in saying it pulls more tourists than scotland or ireland in their entirety . 
  i do n't see why germans would be any different from this trend , so i doubt there are more visiting scotland or ireland than london . 
  that said , if you mean that germans prefer to go to scotland or ireland than the rest of the uk , you would be right , but that 's not merely true of germans , but of all tourists in general . 
  scotland and ireland are massively more popular than provincial england as tourist destinations , because they have a romantic aura and unique culture that somewhere like yorkshire ca n't compete with . 
  the villages here might be quaint and old fashioned , but the ones in ireland are even more quaint and old fashioned . 
  the provincial uk does n't do very well in the tourism stakes , and those places that do do so because they 're reasonable distances from london and people are coached out to see them , or because british people take holidays there e.g cornwall . 
  anyway , it 's just a sad fact that germany suffers from a publicity issue amongst the uk tourism market , it is not seen as a particular viable destination for tourist in the same way that other countries are . 
  what i do n't get about bavaria is that you really do n't see the outward trappings of wealth as much as you 'd think given their wealth . 
  starnberg , for example , which is like totally loaded , just looks like a totally ordinary german town except for the security gates on some of the driveways . 
  yeah , people will mostly understand even if you fuck up the genders , but you can fuck up cases and really change the meaning . 
  furthermore there are a fair few words in german that mean something different if you get the gender wrong . 
  german definitely has 3 genders . 
  yes , germans are capable of using context and probabilities to guess what you mean too , they 're not robots . 
  ok , but a rock is never going to fall into a human or animal category . 
  if you say so ... almost every single german person i know has been to london , london and only london . 
  truth is you do n't have everything we have because your biggest city is 3 million people which is 1/3 of london . 
  when i say holiday i am of course including weekend breaks here , since london seems to be a short term holiday location , obviously no one is taking 2 week breaks in the uk over majorca . 
  german people seem to go to london in the same way british people go to dublin or amsterdam . 
  anyway this is n't actually about german and england having the same things , it about public perception , i said the public perception in the uk is that germany has similar shit to what we have . 
  i think england is marketed far better to the german public than vice versa , and that generally the public perception of the uk as a destination worth visiting reasonable common in germany , whereas in the uk germany ranks very low on the holiday destination spectrum . 
  in germany i see billboards advertising london , in frankfurt airport there 's one the size of a house , i see weekend breaks in london in the windows of travel agents . 
  in the the uk you do n't see any of that because marketing germany to the uk market is somewhat of a lost cause . 
  yet people differ greatly in their natural abilities . 
  you get totally fluent speakers who have really strong accents , and you have people who barely speak the language but have relatively mild accents . 
  to lose an accent completely though , to the point where you sound basically native ( even then you might sound weird because you do n't have an accent ) , yeah most people would need a coach , although some people can achieve by living in a country where that language is spoken natively . 
  yeah , i hold that opinion too . 
  i explained it by saying german is like trying to eat a pyramid fat end first , the base is really hard to swallow but after that it gets easier , english is like eating a pyramid pointy end first , it starts easy but gets progressively harder as you go . 
  lizzie is related to these people , she 's simply not related directly down the legitimate male line . 
  william spread his genes around plenty in his day , and thus the english aristocracy ( as well as virtually all english people ) , have genetics harking from the norman arrivals . 
  even today there is a higher % of middle - upper class people with norman surnames , and a higher % of lower class people with surnames that derive from other ancient british peoples ( so ignoring foreign surnames like patel for example ) . 
  so it may well but true that lizzie is the x22 great grandaughter of william , but at the same time she 's got no claim to legitimacy through him because she certainly is n't the best candidate for his lineage . 
  people differ with language ability , it should n't be shocking . 
  i know people who speak english totally fluently in germany . 
  then i know plenty who 've studied it for 20 years are kind of shitty at it . 
  since i speak german but not fluently , i 've got a good marking stick to tell how good they are . 
  i 've been speaking german for 2 years , while living in germany , when i arrived had very basic competency from some online courses . 
  now i 'd say i 'm at a b2 like conversation level . 
  i can hold fair good conversations in german , we can talk shit all day , but when i 'm challenged to deal with complex concepts or topics i 'm unfamiliar with it goes to pot . 
  now everyone i meet who 's under the age of 30 i know for a fact has had a school education in english starting at really young ages ( like 5-6 years old ) , and then lived in a world where probably 50 % of people speak reasonable english and english is strongly associated with better work opportunities , they 've also had english culture bombarded at them left right and centre , and been surrounded by an internet that is overwhelmingly in english . 
  now if when i 'm hanging out with that person it 's easier for us to speak german than english i think it 's fair to say that person is n't a particularly skilled language learner . 
  i know that immersion in a language is a big deal , but remember i 'm only counting people under 30 years old . 
  i 'm ignoring everyone older . 
  the sad fact is that in germany if you do struggle with english then past a certain age you 're far less likely to keep trying because so many people have already mastered it , it becomes embarrassing to be less than competent , and these people will than simply avoid english because their attempts to speak it in front of others bring them down and make them feel like a failure . 
  this is simply a product of a culture where english competency is become expected rather than simply valued . 
  it makes it almost as if not having mastered it past a certain age is embarrassing . 
  our classics department was terribly taught , but also notoriously lax on discipline with eccentric teachers , which meant kids only took it for two reasons , either because they were passionate about it or they simply wanted to slack off . 
  most kids really reacted negatively to the subject matter though , trying to explain the latin case system a bunch of 11 year olds is hard , and that was enough to put many sensible non-linguists off , and leave the idiots ( of which i was one , which is why i failed ) and the brainy ones . 
  our french department was a mixed bag . 
  i remember my first teacher being this really old guy who was like something out novel , he wore a bowler had and a pinstripe suit , carried an umbrella around like a cane . 
  he spoke french completely fluently but in the oddest way , it sounded like english aristocrat french accent , harking back to the days when every well mannered person was supposed to be a competent french speaker , and french was used as a sort of secret language , keeping things private around children or the help . 
  luckily he left the next year , because he was draconian . 
  most of the others were fine . 
  none of that matter though because french was required . 
  german teacher was an english guy who also taught french , which did n't inspire much confidence . 
  spanish teacher was an english woman with a spanish husband who was known for making lessons fun with games and stuff so that contributed a lot to the subjects popularity . 
  i would guess that well over 60 % of the year group ended with french + spanish or just french . 
  meh it was n't that complicated , maybe i just made it sound that way . 
  basically it was this : year 1 : french + latin year 2 : french + latin/german/spanish + latin/german/spanish year 3 : french + latin/german/spanish ( 2 languages ) or french + latin/german/spanish + latin/german/spanish ( 3 languages ) year 4 & 5 : french ( 1 language ) or french + latin/german/spanish ( 2 languages ) or french + latin/german/spanish + latin/german/spanish ( 3 languages ) year 1 starts when you 're 11 years old . 
  year 5 is the year you turn 16 . 
  some junior schools teach french , typically the private ones and the more middle class ones , but usually only starting at the age of 9 or 10 , it 's very basic . 
  many kids will not start a language until they are 11 , which imo is too late . 
  in the german system kids are being expected to perform in english to decide the type of school they go to which could decide their whole future at this stage in life . 
  surely you 've met some bilinguals , they 're not that rare in the uk even , especially in london and the se coast . 
  decent sized french communities in these areas . 
  it 's very hard to lose an accent . 
  even if you pronounce a word perfectly , the vowel positioning with almost always be off to a native 's ear . 
  there are indian members of parliament in the uk for example , who speak impeccable fluent english , but they 'll never shake the accent they acquired in the british asian community . 
  i guess it only applies to actual animals and humans though . 
  its not like a random inanimate object could be any of the 5 . 
  in this case it 's a bit like saying english as three genders because pronouns are gendered . 
  yeh chinese in general and a bunch of asian languages . 
  no polish does n't . 
  think you 're confusing case and gender , of which i think polish has 6 . 
  miserable cows !, 
  ah ok , i guess `` have done '' and `` have done so '' have just fallen so far out of use in the us as to sound unusual . 
  also it 's americans that use the `` past simple '' more often , `` present simple '' usage is the same in each . 
   oh the irony . 
  people choosing spanish because it has romance overlap with french , when german has lots of germanic overlap with english itself . 
  meh , i would say that the usefulness of this cross over is more limited . 
  while both are germanic languages , they behave very differently , and only 30 % of the words in english are derived from a west germanic route .
