  it 's easy to see why . 
  if i were a small business owner or builder or something like that , living in a backwater area of the uk who has been struggling financially since 2008 , and when i got home from work to my modest home i looked at my neighbours , none of whom worked , all of whom were on benefits , all of home were anti-social idiots , and then a guy came onto television telling me how he was going to reduce the wealth gap and bring back a more caring left wing society and that he was the party who was supposed to represent me i 'd tell him to get fucked too . 
  especially when this is going on against a backdrop where the news keeps telling us how much better the economy is doing day in day out and yet none of that seems to transfer down to the ordinary people who are working 8 hours a day just to make rent and put food on the table . 
  if i were that guy i 'd be fuming . 
  i 'd be asking the world why it was only people too feckless to help themselves that seem to matter in society any more , why we should support the idea of helping people who contribute nothing to society . 
  i 'd also ask why people were endlessly banging on about equality for minorities when the majority were suffering . 
  the fact is that this analysis has some truth to it . 
  there really is a underclass , mostly white tbh , in the uk who 've been on benefits so long they 've formed their own class almost , and these are the people that ordinary hardworking working class people have to live next to . 
  the `` kind '' left wing come to be seen as only enabling these scumbags at the expense of hard working people , and so the working class shifts to the right . 
  labour 's solution ? 
  further to the left , further towards sentimentalism , and a return to the politics of an era that was possibly the worst for britain economically in the latter half of the 20th century . 
  it 's madness , and nothing more than a conspiracy to try to take britain in that direction despite the will of the majority . 
  all labour need is a united party with a leader who inspires confidence in people that he 's going to keep the economy growing but , unlike the tories , will actually ensure some of that money goes the people 's way , and they 'd have majority landslide victory . 
  sadly , their party is held back on all sides by both traditionalists who want to go back to the says of trotskyism and radical new leftists who only care about minority interests and live in a dream world . 
  brexit is a just a big fuck you to the political elite , both left and right , from the british white working class saying `` pay us or we 'll fuck up your shit , it 's our country and we 're sick of you think you can go around us and profit economically without giving us a cut '' . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  when did `` immigration rules will have to change '' necessarily entail `` not have the four freedoms '' become synonymous . 
  a soft brexit solution would most likely entail allowing the four freedoms but with harsher requirements on immigrants , many of which could already be achieved under existing eu law anyway . 
  things like , requiring eu migrants to show valid private insurance before allowing them to access the nhs , making people who do not meet their treaty requirements of finding employment within a certain time frame , people who try to claim on the benefit system etc. 
  go back to their countries . 
  it 's deliberately a blank ambiguous statement to give labour wiggle room if they should actually win . 
  if they were heavily committed to ending fom like may is then they would say so , instead they 're playing politics and giving themselves an out should the landscape change . 
  your reading of it as `` we want single market access without the obligations '' is just childish , the reality is vastly more complicated than you 're giving credit . 
  you would benefit from trying to empathise with your political opponents a bit more before you start shouting about perfidious albion wanting to have its cake and eat it . 
  this situation did n't arise by accident , and even if you believe those behind it are wrong and not good people , you still have to engage with it in the hope of fixing things rather than just getting angry . 
  the only way i see out is oddly a coalition of liberals and socially conservative working class traditionalists to crush the radicals who put corbyn into power and make labour popular party again . 
  sadly i do n't see that happening and right now you have this weird alliance of socially conservative working class types who are pro-brexit but anti-tory and radical leftists who are pro-brexit ( for completely different reasons ) . 
  i 'm just describing my understanding of the perception of voters from my experiences and understanding of events . 
  i 'm not actually saying anything about my own political opinions ( i support nationalised railways if you must know ) . 
  let 's take your example of nationalised railway . 
  i actually think that this is something that most of the people who 've swung to ukip and the tories from labour actually support . 
  what you 're failing to grasp is that while many of these voters would like most of corbyns ideas to become a reality , they also feel like all these great things * cost * rather than make money . 
  their feeling is that the economic situation is so bad the only way the country will ever get on a track they vote for someone like the tories who appeal to the simplistic economic understanding of the man on the street which is basically `` less public spending = lower taxes = more jobs and more money in my bank balance '' . 
  the ordinary people do not contemplate keynesian economic theory . 
  remember when the tories won on promises of debt reduction and austerity to make britain economically strong again ? 
  nothing has changed . 
  how does corbyn expect to get those voters back by shouting about how much more of their money he 's going to spend on public workers and the `` scroungers '' . 
  the swing to the right was the white working class shouting at the top of their lungs that they want a government that will put the economic interests of ordinary working people at the top of the agenda again . 
  to reward the ambitious and capable over the helpless and damaged . 
  then corbyn comes in and says how he 's going to spend it all renationalising industry as if there were still mining strikes and give it all to the very people the new working class right see as responsible for the economic malaise they 've been experiencing since blair ? 
  corbyn is n't even a good populist , he 's got too much ideology about him , if labour had a leader who just came in saying he was going to make things start booming again and it would mostly be rewarding hard working lower and middle class people then people would jump back on the bandwagon as an alternative to tory austerity , but corbyn just seems like he 's going to fritter that cash away on moral causes trying to the right thing rather than what people want . 
  seems like the exact opposite to me . 
  labour has started to be all about old left ideas which is the biggest warning sign for anyone who cares about the economy , and as such they 've scared off middle ground , leaving them unable to mount an opposition . 
  imo it 's your incorrect analysis of the situation , the belief that the reason labour became unpopular was because they had moved from their traditional philosophy , that has destroyed the party in my opinion . 
  it seems to me that the reality is that the middle are voting tory hoping it will lead to greater lower middle class and upper lower class wealth . 
  even though the economy is better than in 2008 it does n't actually feel like the recession ever ended , and despite the fact it 's the tories who 've presided over most of this period , people still have more faith in a tory leader telling them they 're going to be strong on the economy than someone who mostly talks about helping the needy in society . 
  this is the paradox that labour are failing to grasp , because you 'd think as the tories are the ones who 've failed to push wealth down they 'd be the ones to blame , but in reality the populace still blames labour for the recession and are hoping that the tories are going to eventually pull it out of the bag and get the country wealthier than ever . 
  a big factor in this has been how blame has been shifted from the tories to the eu , an institution highly associated with the period of neoliberal consensus that ended with the global recession . 
  during this period wealth has been being created but it has n't been felt in the bulk of the populace . 
  it 's your trade workers , small business owners , respectable `` working class '' ( culturally rather than economically ) types that have abandoned labour in favour of the tories . 
  the people who depend on the state are still voting labour in the majority of cases ( excluding those for whom ideology e.g anti-eu , anti-immigration , etc. 
  has overtaken self-interest , but these are a minority ) . 
  the corbyn support immediately after milliband fell was a crock of shit backed mostly by students still angry at the tuition fees and the desperate old left influenced thinkers , they were talking all about returning to the past with trying to undo all the changes to the economy brought in by all the governments from thatcher to cameron , exploiting the social justice aspect of the radical left to gain momentum . 
  add to that mix a streak of populism brought to the fore by corbyn 's historical anti-eu stance . 
  it was a flash in the pan stirred but by a desperate dying breed of 70s style thinkers exploiting the naivety and anger of the young . 
  it also provided a convenient explanation for those wanting to explain away miliband 's lack of success . 
  it made it seem like there was a mandate to return to the pre-blair days but it was nothing but smoke and mirrors . 
  as ever labour are dogged by an antiquated understanding of the political landscape in terms of class . 
  one that fails to account for the aspirational aspect of modern british culture , and also the divides that exist within what they consider `` working class '' groups . 
  they simply see losses in their traditional voters bases and assume it 's because such people see them as abandoning the traditional ideas that their communities once voted for . 
  however , if this were true labour would be losing ground to new left wing parties reflected this demand . 
  instead they were losing ground to the tories , lib dems , and ukip , which can only mean a shift the right . 
  people do not get angry with a party for drifting too far to the right and then vote for a further right party out of desperation . 
  any analysis along these lines is just patronising ; people want more than just `` change '' : they want a change that reflects their beliefs . 
  the reality is that the class dynamic has changed . 
  it used to be that if you were culturally working class , for example working as a builder in a the north of england , you more than likely voted labour partially because of a sense of loyalty to your community and the ideology it supported , and partially because you saw it in your self-interest to do so . 
  however , these days people do n't see the world that way . 
  middle and working class have really merged into one as the trapping of culture ( all the old fashioned ways that the middle class and working class differentiated one another e.g accent , food , clothing etc ) became less meaningful and the wealth divide between the two narrowed ( mostly due to the middle becoming comparatively poorer as neoliberal deregulation allowed the creation of ever more wealth at the top of society ) . 
  now people see the world in terms of dependants ( the underclass who take more from society than they contribute ) , the workers ( all historically working and middle class people who contribute to the economy as tax paying workers and business owners ) , the owners ( the super rich who as ever do n't actually have to do much work for their money ) . 
  the only group standing outside of this paradigm are the `` liberals '' or `` intelligentsia '' , who have been demonised as the metropolitan elite for seemingly putting the interests of other above their own communities . 
  these are mostly culturally upper middle class types though , and their voices do n't resound with much of the population as they 're seen as smug and able to afford haughty moral values due to better financial support . 
  your analysis is correct insofar as it thinks that labour being seen to favour this group has been undermining labour support , what you 're not seeing that that people do n't associate this group with right wing economics , neoliberalism , or lack of social justice , they associate with multiculturalism , bleeding heart leftism , and putting the priorities of the underclass higher than those of `` decent , hardworking , ordinary people '' . 
  the reality is that it 's the workers in the north of england , the ones who see themselves as contributing , that have swung to the right because they no longer feel bound by the need for ideological solidarity with other parts of their community . 
  go to any working class community in the uk and you 'll find hatred for the so-called `` dependants '' is at an all time high , and the more labour brays that they 're going to look out for the poor and needy and minorities and take money from the rich , the more the alienate these traditional voters . 
  fact is that a big reason why people voted labour in the old days was n't because they agreed with their ideology , but because they believed that they would be personally better off economically if labour got in . 
  that labour would look after the white working class majority by pushing jobs their way . 
  it was nothing to do with having a lot of empathy for dependants or minority interests . 
  ultimately i do n't think labour have a chance to get in until they start telling the white working class that they 're going to put the interests of workers higher on their priorities and that only `` deserving dependants '' are going to be looked after , as such communities are convinced that scroungers are sapping their wealth ( even if this is n't true that 's what the working class right are convinced of ) . 
  focussing on welfare is not the solution to this , much rather it must be telling the working class that they 're going to have an abundance of economic opportunity . 
  this is the populism that people are craving that is driving them further right , it 's logical that if people care more about their bank balance and returning to prosperity over looking after the needy that they swing to parties like ukip and the tories . 
  and that is what has happened imo . 
  miliband failed not because he was n't far left enough , he failed because he immediately followed an unpopular labour government and had the personality of a damp fish . 
  corbyn is anathema to the people who 've swung to the right because he 's perceived as wanting to give all the money to the undeserving poor rather than to the working class traditionalists . 
  does that mean they ca n't understand english ? 
  yes . 
  that is true , whereas the british system emerged from a system of church and `` public schools '' which were public in the sense of being available to anyone who could pay . 
  mate , you need to understand your media with a bit of nuance . 
  most of those articles are claiming people are sleepy at work due to being overworked , not because they 're slacking off as you seem to be suggesting , quite the opposite in fact . 
  they also extolling the virtues of allowing people to sleep at work if they are tired , because sleepy employees are less productive . 
   especially with napping proven to boost productivity and performance . 
   a new study shows millions of employees are so tired at work from a lack of sleep they 're unable to do their job safely , while a third of bushed brits admit they 've fallen asleep at work . 
  british workers work the longest ours in europe and our culture is easily as work dominated as any of the other northern european nations , and given that our labour market is the least regulated of all of them , it could well be possible that britain works the most of anyone in europe . 
  i mean really when you think of rainy london , the paradigm of grey cold northern european economic culture , do you think of people having siestas in the office ? 
  a big problem in britain is productivity , as despite working more hours the output in britain is lower per hour than other countries . 
  the reason for this is a lack of work-life balance and how work dominates one 's life in a way that does n't provide one the certainty that they can clock out the moment the day is over . 
  that 's a load of crap , do you really think britain is the kind of country where you can sleep 2-3 hours a day at work ? 
  you obviously do n't have a clue . 
  if anything the work expectations in britain are harsher than those in germany , with people expected to work longer and sacrifice more for their salary , which is fine if you 're paid well but not so great if you 're not . 
  the result is lower productivity as when your work-life balance is less defined people slack off in the downtime as a strategy for dealing with the uptime when they might be expected to forgo sleep and food to achieve company goals . 
  i do n't think the germans live to work at all .
