  of those cognates german and english share , their spelling and pronunciation is often so shift away from each other as not to be entirely apparent , or their meaning has shifted to mean something entirely different . 
   but in all honesty , given the byzantine system you described , i 'd not be surprised that pupils would grow to hate studying languages . 
  what makes you call it byzantine ? 
  we force maths on kids though , should n't programming syntax and logic fall under that . 
  `` i ca n't wait to learn danish '' ... said nobody ever . 
  i know that feel . 
  i swear to work in a bakery or butchers in germany you have to undergo a test to see if you can pull a bitch face when you hear a foreign accent . 
  neither sound wrong to my ears , and that 's not a difference i 've ever heard anyone talk about between ame and bre , i 'd take that forum post with a pinch of salt . 
  `` have for 5 years '' just sounds like a slightly lazier way of saying `` and have done so for 5 years '' . 
  americans do differ with their use of the perfect tenses though . 
  if you say things like : i * just * did it i * already * did it i did n't do it * yet * then that 's a sign of grammar being influenced by american english . 
  well yes , there 's that , english speakers probably encounter more broken english than germans experience broken german . 
  still , lots more fuckupability in german if you ask me . 
  i do n't think i 've ever even heard an american say `` gee '' . 
  saying `` have done '' would n't be american english or british english , it would just be english . 
  saying `` i live in spain and did for 5 years '' would just be wrong english in either . 
  what grammar features does you english dialect feature that you would categorise as distinctly american ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  i 'll take it . 
  what do i need to do for an a ? 
  spanish is important because holidays frankly . 
  british people rarely go to germany . 
  the `` ordinary brit '' will set foot in germany once or twice in their lifetime , usually either passing through in a car , changing planes at frankfurt , or travelling to a ski-resort . 
  i hear of people getting sent to germany for business far more often than people electing to go there for a holiday . 
  tourism in germany just does n't sell well to the british market , and as this has been true for so long it becomes a self-fulling prophecy . 
  the preconceptions are that the weather is comparable to the uk , the food is all bland and heavy ( we 've got plenty of that back home ) , and most of the shit they 've got there we 've already got plenty of back home e.g. 
  medieval castle , churches . 
  things they have that we do n't have in the uk are often considered inferior to those in other countries , for example , germany has wine regions , which the uk lacks , but the french have better wine regions that have a far sexier glamour to them . 
  germany has ski resorts , but austria , switzerland , and france all have better more chic resorts and higher mountains . 
  the closest thing most brits get to german culture is buying german lager in a pub . 
  the germans however seem to love to holiday in the uk , by which i mean they go to london and only london , ignoring the rest of the country because it 's boring . 
  the also have an infatuation with `` die gr\u00fcne insel '' which i reckon most visit over provincial england . 
  in germany you see tonnes of americans and australians , often due to the whole heritage thing , arriving in d\u00fcsseldorf in lederhosen thinking that 's what germany is all about , but rarely do you see brits doing the same thing , and if you do it 's for a 2 night stag do in hamburg or something . 
  in caparison many british people holiday in spanish speaking places yearly , and even the ones that are n't particularly keen on it know they probably wo n't get through there lives without going there a good number of times . 
  spanish is popular in the uk simply because people go there , and like going there , so yes it has a lot to do with holidays . 
  german is less popular simply because britons often do n't go there . 
  if you do n't speak with an american accent , i wonder what it is that you think is american about it . 
  not really . 
  english was already very ubiquitous before us started exporting culture . 
  also most europeans do n't speak american english , although plenty think they do , in fact their english does really resemble british or america particularly , but forms its own category of `` euro english '' , which has its own characteristic grammar , expressions , lexicon and pronunciation . 
  euro-english is really interesting actually . 
  it does things like virtually eliminate the perfective aspect , using the past simply almost exclusively , and the perfect is only used in fixed expressions , you 'll find europeans saying things like `` i was in france '' rather than `` i 've been to france '' , using the past simple in phrases even americans would n't . 
  often words like actual and eventual are used incorrectly inline with how most european words use their cognates . 
  in vocabulary they tend towards whichever word they find the easiest , you 'll find supermarket and lift ( rather than convenience store and elevator ) alongside pants and shopping cart ( rather than trousers and shopping trolley ) , when there 's no clear simpler word they 'll tend towards the more ubiquitous expression , usually the american , so you 'll hear fries over chips for deep fried potato and so on . 
  in the accent , you 'll often find traces of rhoticism , but it sounds very different from how it sounds coming out of a native rhotic english speaker , and then they 'll do things like round - o vowels / \u0252 / and use the `` thought vowel '' / \u0254\u02d0 / , which are distinctly non-american . 
  fucking up in english wo n't change the entire meaning of the sentence , like if you use accusative when you want dative in german . 
  furthermore , german has 3 genders , so you 've got a 2/3 chance of fucking up if you do n't know it , meanwhile english has no genders , meaning if you can remember the damn word you 're just fine . 
  far easier for native speakers to understand something despite tense mistakes . 
  i mean some language get by with only 1 tense anyway , and mark everything to do with time with syntax and additional words . 
  `` yesterday i go party with friends '' is perfectly understandable . 
  at my school we had a choice of french , spanish , german and latin . 
  french was a mandatory subject to gcse , two languages were mandatory until you started gcse study in year 10 , it was possible to study 3 language to gcse if you wanted but one of them had to be french , and studying 4 was n't allowed . 
  if you only took french it meant you 'd have no choice but to study optional subjects like geography instead . 
  also what was interesting is that studying either spanish or german was mandatory in year 8 , but no other years . 
  latin was mandatory in year 7 , but no other years . 
  latin could be dropped after year 7 , and if you kept it it meant you had to study at least 3 languages in year 8 ( personally i studied french , spanish , and latin that year ) . 
  after year 8 you could drop all but one optional language , and at the end of year 9 you could drop any optional you wanted , as you still be studying subjects like geography as this point and it would simply require you to continue with them . 
  everyone was required to study 10 gcses . 
  in my experience most people did n't want to learn german because they 'd experienced the misery of declension tables in latin , and when they found out it was a language with cases they decided it was n't worth it and went with spanish instead , which was notorious for being easier than french or german . 
  it 's also noteworthy that all the other languages offered are romance languages with common etymologies and so forth , so if you studied french and spanish you might feel that you have an advantage , whereas if you picked latin and german , not only have you picked the two most grammatically confusing languages offered at the school for english speakers , but they also only have a very limited number of similarities . 
  needless to say , the most common pick at our school was french and spanish , followed by just french ( for those that sucked at languages ) , both the latin and the german class only had about 17 kids out of a year group of 120 + . 
  ironically i never studied german , but it 's the only language i 've ever managed to achieve decent proficiency in . 
  yes , there 's also how useful it is , and given that english is so useful , it 's the main reason people learn it over chinese and spanish , both of which have more native speakers . 
  brexit has made clear how abhorrently split the uk is politically , that 's for certain . 
  i think there 's one thing we forget about the older generation in the uk is that throughout the last half century , regardless of whether they were tory or labour , they always voted for what they saw as in their personal interest . 
  when they were young they were the majority because they literally were the `` baby boomers '' meaning they were statistically significant compared to their parent 's generation . 
  when they were young they supported policies like free education , when they were middle aged they supported policies that would benefit them economically , and now they 're old they 're supporting policies that allow them to live to a ripe old age on tax payer money , get the most our of their twilight years , and squirrel away anything that 's left when they go to their own children but nobody else 's . 
  the generation that proceeded them were n't much better , merely tampered by the hardships of war and the cooperative obedient mentality that came with it , they were still driven by short term self-interest . 
  now they are older they are still doing that , even if they are n't so such a large % of the population any more , the younger generation simply do n't turn out in comparable numbers . 
  but why ? 
  would n't want people getting tempted by low low prices on a sunday would we now ? 
  luckily their gdp sucks . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  the whole thing really only lasted about 4 hours . 
  during that time nobody was sure what was going on . 
  there are always cases of people calling in false reports during times like this . 
  my friends were told to not go out at about 6/7pm , by 10pm they were all on their way home . 
  ok , i would 've gladly responded to your point at an appropriate moment but whatever , you 've saved me the effort . 
  makes me wonder why you bothered responding to me in the first place . 
  well , it would n't be a setback because we 've never benefited from an eu government before . 
  but expect to see the eu / eurozone plagued with issues until the eu has power over 1 ) the budget limitations of member states 2 ) the collection of taxes 3 ) the monetary policy of member states or which currency the member states must use ( both would achieve the same effect ) . 
  another big thing for the eu would be the power to affect tax rates in each country , to force countries to lower or raise tax in certain areas if they think they 're exploiting the system , for example , raising corporation tax in ireland . 
  all this would be a european federalists wet dream , and from an investment point of view would make the eu very appealing , in the same way that the us is very appealing simply because of the certainty a centralised authority can promise . 
  the bigger the bloc you can control the more you can leverage that power to raise a tax budget . 
  one thing few people realise is that in the us banks and corporations typically pay more , rather than less tax , and that 's because these companies know it 's worth it to access the vast us market . 
  in the eu however , they tend to jump around between countries playing them off against each other , seeing who will give them the best deal , and from that country that concedes the most due to being most keen for the business they access the whole eu virtually . 
  the problem is that this is incredibly unlikely , especially as it would mean places like greece would have to accept being the `` mississippi '' of europe while germany gets to be california . 
  in many ways i think the uk is going to be disadvantaged by leaving the eu , since if the eu does federalise in the future , if the uk were there london would have no doubt been the uncontested financial capital of the eu by a country mile , the new york if you will . 
  not a better system imo . 
  no idea what you mean . 
  i do n't see a problem with an eu government . 
  there was a lot of stuff about it not long back , and apparently they did support it officially a while back , but there was a big push back from the ukip supporters so they buried it . 
  i think you 're crazy , but yes they did , google should be able to find their privatisation plans for you . 
  honestly it 's late where i am i was on my phone . 
  if you want me to explain why i think protectionism is a bad idea i can but right now as i 'm incapable of it . 
  no , just no . 
  a problem is , and a lot of people do n't realise this either , that many of the people behind euroscepticism would welcome a `` race of the bottom '' scenario . 
  it 's no coincidence that many of the eurosceptics are also right wing free marketeers often with a libertarian bent . 
  it might seem ironic that the hardcore free market proponents are against the single market , but what they 're really against is the regulation of the market . 
  it should n't be surprising that ukip earlier manifestos proposed the privatisation of the nhs and the opening the market to a multitude of nationally regulated health insurance funds ( aka the german system ) .
