  guess what , abortion is n't diy , it involves multiple parties . 
  if you want another party to do something for you you can pay them the respect of giving a clear and comprehensible reason for it . 
  the idea that doctors should have to do an abortion just because the woman says she wants it is feminist drivel that reads patriarchal oppression into everything . 
   tell that to all the dark green countries on that map who do it no questions asked . 
  obviously they do n't hold themselves to such high standards ( or as i pointed out , wash the state 's hands of it completely to appease the religious right , see : germany ) . 
  the uk 's method is actually more progressive , as the state acknowledge the moral correctness of abortion in virtually all situations ( excluding those clearly invalid reasons such as baby 's gender , revenge , or irrational beliefs ) . 
   sure , they can ask , but in the end it should n't have any effect on whether or not the abortion is carried out . 
  if de facto it is n't going to have an effect anyways , then there 's no need to ask in the first place . 
  all you 'd be doing is potentially deterring people who are too embarrassed to have to face someone and explain why they want to kill the fetus inside them . 
  you have write down your reason on a form at a clinic that deals with abortion every day . 
  if you 're too embarrassed to do that the problem is with you and not with the system . 
  the irony is that the uk is vastly more supportive of abortion than many of those dark green countries , you just do n't seem to understand that the system is different . 
  english law works differently from much of europe and is governed more by abstract principles than a codified `` what the government says goes '' approach in much of europe . 
  asking mother 's to provide valid reasons for wanting abortions is probably far more to do with protecting doctors from later legal problems than anything else . 
  except the uk is one of the most powerful if not the most powerful nation in europe and stuff remains extremely relevant to the future of europe . 
  i 'm pro eu but a childish dismissive attitude is really not the right course of action right now . 
  and which trustworthy vanquished nation do you hail from , sir ? 
  how are the result are the same ? 
  excuse us for believing that if someone says they want to abort a baby because their astrologer told them so that they can be brought to reason and ultimately raise their child in a healthy fashion ( or at least find a justifiable reason for not wanting the child ) . 
  furthermore the core principles of english law require that doctors justify their actions to high moral standards , and that includes the reasons why they do things . 
  that 's far less hypocritical than countries like germany and austria where abortion technically remains illegal but without a punishment . 
  in many ways it 's more progressive for the state to involve itself with the abortion process and outline some basic conditions than wash their hands of the issue completely and leave it to the medical profession . 
  your argument assumes that anyone having a baby who does n't want it ca n't be convinced otherwise regardless of how irrational that reason is . 
  you 're basically saying that anyone who wants a baby aborted for the wrong reason ca n't possibly be a fit parent . 
  which is it 's own moral dilemma itself . 
  nobody is being stopped from having an abortion in the uk and that 's what really matters , all they have to do is write down a sane reason on a piece of paper . 
  your argument is based on some ridiculous principle that no justification should be required because it 's a woman 's body blah blah is all just ideological nonsense . 
  all medical procedures should be entered into soberly and part of that is checking the person is electing them for sane reasons . 
  i do n't think a plastic surgeon should do a nose job on someone who claims they 're getting it because they lost a bet for example either . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable for medical professionals to ask the reason why someone wants something when they 're going to undergo an operations , all operations carry a risk no matter how severe they are . 
  yeah do n't cite that shit as if it were a source of anything . 
  it 's just to stop people aborting for shit reasons like `` i already have a boy and now i want a girl '' , `` my astrologist told me it was hitler in a past life '' , or `` i 've fallen out with my boyfriend and want to get back at him '' . 
  i do n't think anyone should be able to abort a baby just because it 's their body , they should at least check that there is some sane logical reason for it . 
  else how do you know the mother is n't in the throes of a mental health problem or doing it for some unreasonable ground . 
  in reality , it just means a reason must be given , and that can be as simple as `` i did n't intend to get pregnant , do n't want a child right now , and therefore do n't think i 'll be able to give a child the attention it deserves for the next 20 years of my life '' . 
  which imo is a pretty sound reason not to have a child . 
  certainly , there 's a fair amount of evidence to suggest unplanned children in places without access to abortion get a shitty deal . 
  that said . 
  anyone who wants an abortion can just say a viable reason , true or not , so it 's more about covering doctor 's arses legally and ethically as the moral burden is on the mother not to lie about why she wants the abortion . 
  if they come back 10 years later and say that actually their reasons for having the procedure were n't justified and that the doctors failed in the moral responsibility by letting her have it they can then point to the testimony she gave saying why she wanted the abortion . 
  is that meant to be a sentence or what ? 
  prussian is n't an ethnicity . 
  there definitely a sentiment of dissociation in austria , and even southern germany , from the prussian culture . 
  emotionally cold and militaristic is hardly a reputation one wants to be caught up in . 
  i 'll also add that the scandinavians and british are also `` germanic descendants '' , and they do n't share such heritage with the german speaking nations . 
  thus they do n't get caught up in those negative stereotypes , which are of course being rule obsessed sticklers , overly organised , uptight etc. 
  that 's not my experience . 
  my experience is that calling an austrian a prussian is like saying you took his mother down a back alley haha . 
  yeah but sadly your alliances define the 20th century and many ways define modern culture . 
  sorry about that . 
  i know you austrian hate being included with the germans in the whole stereotypes ... `` fick die preis '' or whatever but sadly it 's unavoidable . 
  anyway , i 've spent time in austria and it 's a lovely place but seriously , write on a wall or piss in a phonebooth once in a while guys , you might find it liberating haha . 
  you said your stereotypes of the british were based on your time in southern england and answered the question of why the british were such good sailors . 
  i suggested that time in austria would explain why germans/austrians are so good at invading european countries . 
  our stereotypes of you being super orderly , regimented , and loving rules etc. 
  you said that austria for much of its history gained its influence through marriage and not through bloodshed . 
  i acknowledge that and acknowledged that the stereotype of the militaristic , overly regimented teutonic type was mostly an prussian stereotype and it was mean of me to include the austrians . 
  you said that it would be wrong of me to do so . 
  i said unfortunately if you get into military alliances with prussians see : 20th century ( although obvious prussia was n't called prussia by then ) , then do n't complain if their stereotypes get projected onto you . 
  no problem . 
  sometimes i notice a sentence sounds strange and then i have to completely analyse why it sounds strange . 
  also i think people with very good english sometimes need to instruction too , because your english is great . 
   during all these years i 've known english , i 've noticed a lot of pronunciations differing from the same construction ... 
  sounded weird to me , like something a native speaker would n't normally say . 
  so essentially it comes down to the fact that `` during all '' would be better rendered as `` throughout '' . 
  `` during '' being more often used to express simultaneity that is in some sense incomplete . 
  `` throughout my life i 've loved apples '' vs `` at various times during my life i 've loved apples '' ( but importantly not at all times ) . 
  the other is the superfluous use of these , because although the referent of these , the set of years , could be seen to share identity with the set of years , `` years i 've known english '' refers to , using them together misleads the listener into thinking there might be something they 've missed and that `` these years '' refers to some other set of years . 
  it makes us doubt whether the clause is restricted or unrestricted . 
  it 's just all round interesting stuff :d at least for me it is . 
  if you make your bed the prussians then do n't be upset when you get stereotyped with them , see : 20th century history . 
  i suppose it is a bit mean of me to lump you in which the prussians . 
  liberalism being something the germanic folks have struggled with at various times throughout history huehue, 
   during all these years i 've known english , i 've noticed a lot of pronunciations differing from the same construction during all the years i 've known english * or even better throughout the years i 've known english * ( throughout already contains the sense of completeness expressed by `` all '' in the former sentence ) . 
  `` these years '' suggests a specific set of years of which the listener is already aware , the problem is that the relevant years referenced in your sentence are solely defined in the following relative clause i.e which years ? 
  the ones during which i 've known english . 
  there is no other information that would suggest a pre-existing set of years of which we are aware . 
  thus `` these '' is inappropriate . 
  `` i 've known english all these years '' is fine , as it suggests the listener already knows which years you mean . 
  think of it this way . 
  you 've been standing in a room talking to some people when your friend come in . 
  when he comes in you say . 
  `` i like all these people i 've met '' that 's fine english , but `` these '' is defined by `` the people who i 'm standing next to '' , and `` i 've met '' is just added information about the set of people which is obvious to your friend . 
  now imagine that moments later a different friend asks you about it as you 're leaving the building alone . 
  now you have to say `` i like the people i 've met '' ( or even i liked the people i met , depending on how recent it was ) . 
  `` these '' is no longer possible because the set of people is n't obvious , it has to be defined by the relative clause . 
  `` these '' is a demonstrative , it allows to 1 ) refer to things in a our environment without naming them e.g these will do ( holds up objects ) 2 ) specify a set of things when the set is apparent from the circumstance e.g these apples are good , those are rotten . 
  using a demonstrative when a set is defined only by a clause makes no sense because it 's not at all obvious what you mean . 
  your use of `` these '' is just throwing people off in their attempt to ascertain the correct set of years . 
  compare : `` all these years i 've been secretly eating cake for breakfast '' and `` all the years during which i was secretly eating cake for breakfast were bad '' . 
  in the former these years are defined by their recency and the fact they run up until the present moment , and the fact you 've been secretly eating cake is just an incidental fact you 're revealing about the pre-established set , in the latter the years are defined solely by being years in which secret cake eating activity was occurring . 
  in your sentence above you 're trying to do both at the same time , which makes it sound awkward . 
  interestingly another fix would be : `` all these years , i 've known english and i 've noticed ... '' as this would allow the set of years to be defined solely by `` these '' , which in this case would pick out a recent set of years that run up until the present moment , and then you add two sets incidental facts about `` these years '' which is 1 ) i 've known english during them 2 ) you 've noticed something . 
  i 'll also add that there is another reason why `` these '' is superfluous in your sentence . 
  because you 've correctly used the `` i 've known '' rather than `` i knew '' , we already known the relevant set of years picked out by the relative clause runs up until the present moment . 
  so `` these '' adds nothing . 
  tl ; dr using a demonstrative to refer a set that is defined solely by a clause is just confusing . 
  what 's you 've written makes far more sense to me mate . 
  the grammar actually helps you understand the relationship between concepts whereas that big compound noun leaves me guessing . 
  you guys got lazy with your genitive phrases .
