  no offence mate , but i think your idea of `` european '' is entirely made up of clich\u00e9s in american culture about europeans , and you probably vastly overrate minor difference like , for example , the american concept of `` small government '' , and underrate real differences , like that fact that half of europe was under communism for 50 years . 
  i do n't understand your seeing it as transparently obviously that we all share so much in common , especially when you 're speaking the english language , using our legal system etc. 
  while people in france certainly are n't . 
  the idea that english people have more in common with an italian than they do a canadian is quite frankly absurd . 
  there are relatively few things that europe can actually agree on . 
  even your example of atheism is n't shared in countries in the south and east . 
  i fear there may be some kind of agenda behind your assertion that britons are so transparently european . 
  some of these i do n't see at all really . 
   government our government system is more similar to what you have in the us in many ways , the most notably being fptp , single party dominant , and consisting of two houses . 
  fair enough the us is a republic but so are a lot of european nations . 
   relationship between people and state do n't really know what you mean by this , it 's a pretty wide concept . 
  it suffices to say that britain falls on to the right of europe in terms of its understanding of the state 's responsibilities and the rights of individuals and property . 
  as far as personal liberties are concerned it historically has put a higher significance on these than the continental tradition , most of europe keep national databases and require citizens to carry identification for example . 
  while britain is more comfortable with government than america is , it still has a smaller role than on much of the continent . 
  more analogous to most commonwealth nations . 
  the uk only got things like laws dictating holiday time , maternity to leave etc. 
  under eu regulations , and previously followed the common law tradition of leaving most of these matter to contracts . 
  the uk as a beveridge model of healthcare , whereas most of europe has the bismarck model . 
   shared history ( most importantly ww1 and ww2 ) well yes , but as for the war we were on different sides of the fence , most of europe being either allied with germany , under german occupation , or neutral . 
   shared artistic tradition i think it 's fair to say the western world has a shared artistic tradition . 
   shared religious history and by that you mean the first major european power collectively to break with the catholic church as a nation and become our own theocracy , at heart of what was , if not the biggest schism in christendom at very least the most recent one of such significance . 
   very similiar attitudes toward religion currently europe is divided on this and it 's most of a north/south and east/west split to be honest . 
  i 'd also add that the us is a bit of an odd one out when it comes to being a similar protestant settled nation in which there 's such a high rate of religious belief . 
   similiar economies most of europe 's economy is manufacturing based centring around germany . 
  britain 's economy is 80 % service based , with a lot of it in financial services , corporate law , management etc. 
  there 's also quite a lot of science and research . 
  most of europe of huge factories churning our materials at all levels of supply chain . 
  britain mostly has offices the product is what the people in those offices can do . 
   propinquity do n't know what you mean by this . 
  geographically we are close that is true . 
  if you mean in the sense of being related to one another then i think again you 'll find a lot more british descendants in the new world than in other parts of the old . 
  personally i think that yes , superficially europe and the uk have a lot in common , but if you look a bit deeper you find the ideological underpinning of english speaking countries far more similar than those of britain compared to much of europe , and i 'll add that the mainland share ideological underpinning in a way that britain and europe do n't . 
  yeah , but that 's why i 'm asking you explicitly what you think it is that makes it that way so i can get an idea of what you think makes britain so culturally european , that 's all . 
  you keep talking as if i am a british person who does n't identify with europe . 
  i do think the uk is european , i can just also see that there is a divide between british and mainland culture too , so i can kinda get what the people who do n't identify as european are thinking as well . 
  all the world 's best eu guilds in wow , at least during the game 's heyday i do n't know about now , tended to be heavy in scandinavians . 
  wow , is there really any need for that ? 
  you talk as if britain were still colonising . 
  shag-a-scruff i 've heard it affectionately called . 
  hmm , kinda of unwieldy to use two names . 
  we should come up with a better name like `` awesome islands that are best mates and there definitely is n't anything politically contentious here whatsoever ... isles '' . 
   well , some people refer to the anglosphere , but that is not a replacement for european . 
  yes , it is a shared language , and a shared colonial past , but its sort of like thinking that the phillipines and cuba are culturally related , because both speak spanish . 
  except it runs a lot deeper than the language . 
  those places retained much of the native culture and population and just had an imposed european culture put on top of them . 
  most of the anglosphere however basically completely replaced the native populations meaning that the dynamic is very different . 
  america did n't merely get conquered by britain , it was literally settled by a majority british class . 
   also , remember that , while eastern canada and us are highly euro-influenced ( and uk influenced ) , as you go further west , you see much less of that . 
  as i pointed out earlier , most of the central part of the us was settled by german and nordic immigrants , who do not feel that same relationship to the uk . 
  while it 's true that the midwest has a lot of scandinavian and german settlement , it 's quite clear that the non-british segment of american european settlement is greatly overplayed while the majority of british settlement is downplayed . 
  you can see this in census data that shows that the number of americans identifying themselves of primarily british descent has dropped off rapidly throughout the 20th century . 
  also anecdotally you see this idea in myths such as the belief that the declaration of independence was almost translated into german or that german was almost a joint language with english in the us . 
  it 's a romantic idea of european multiculturalism but in fact it 's greatly exaggerated , and there was never any chance of any other european language being considered equal to english in america 's history . 
  additionally , it should be clear to anyone who looks at american culture has remarkable similarities to british culture . 
  all of the founding fathers being british , and british ideas and imports dominating the culture for centuries . 
  the historical racism and persecution that non-british immigrants to the us suffered in the 19th century should be proof enough of what the dominant culture was , the term wasp exists for a reason . 
   i understand that you do not `` feel '' european , but all i can say is that from the outside , the uk has much more in common with the rest of europe than it is different . 
  switzerland is certainly a little different from the rest of europe , but do you consider them `` european ? '', 
  i never said that i do n't feel european btw , i just said i can understand why some people do n't . 
  you talk about all this stuff we have in common with europe but i do n't see how we have more in common with france than australia . 
  with much of the anglosphere : common law legal tradition , parliamentary democracy , constitutional monarchy ( in many cases ) , first past the post voting system , dominant party system , dominant protestantism religion and culture , historical preference for empirical thought and philosophy , a focus on classical political liberalism , uncodified constitution ( in many cases ) , legacy of capitalism , sea faring and naval based culture . 
  whereas europe i associated with : codified civil law legal tradition , presidential democracy , republican , proportional representation , party coalition system , dominant catholicism religion and culture , historical preference for rationalist ( and later phenomenological ) thought and philosophy , a rejection of classical liberalism in favour of more collectivist thought , codified written constitutions , capitalism as a means to an end only , focus on standing land armies and militaristic culture . 
  now none of that applies universally . 
  the scandinavians are mostly protestant , the dutch share our naval tradition and have a monarchy , the australians later got themselves a written constitution , but it 's a general trend of cultural divide between british culture and continental culture . 
  however , this is all stuff that is additional to the fact that we speak the same language as those other english speaking countries and can share a vast number of cultural reference points . 
  i honestly think you only see british culture as so similar to that of europe because you 're looking at it rather superficially from afar , and also because being american you 're vitally aware of the differences between the uk and the us . 
  looked at from a disinterested party , say through the eyes of the chinese , london and new york probably seem way more similar than it looks to us . 
  also from the perspective of a frenchman he probably see you and i , who are immediately able to communicate virtually as well as if we 'd grown up next door to one another , as having more in common than either of us have with him . 
  i get that , but if you want to know about a certain town who 's the best person to ask ? 
  the person who lives there or the person who drove through it a few time ? 
  if you want to understand the mentality of non-european britons you need look no further than your own nation . 
  same language , similar law and government system , same thinkers influencing our cultures , and yet you do n't feel subsumed under a british identity in a way that people in , say , new zealand might . 
  i am personally very saddened by brexit because i hoped that britain would actually become culturally closer to the continent over the coming decades , especially with english as the de facto language of the eu . 
  certainly i think britain would 've been improved by an affinity with the mainland , and that average britons would benefit from becoming more aware of how things are seen in berlin or madrid etc. 
  sadly it looks like we 're going to go the other direction , but i think any reasonable person should be able to understand that it 's perfectly consistent to believe britain is n't european in same sense as , say , the netherlands . 
  i mean you say that the world perceives us as being unquestionably european but i 'd like to know how we are so similar to a european country , say , france but not similar to a non-european english speaking country , say , canada . 
  i see us having similarities to both , but one does n't particularly trump the other . 
  yes , and i consider canada to be north america , but do n't think canadians are crazy for not identifying as `` american '' . 
  moreover , what the world , especially those on other continents , think , with their comparatively minute understanding of the situation over here , is probably the least important thing in all of this . 
  your insisting that britons are european because it looks that way from a distance is about as valid as me insisting that america is just an off-shoot of british culture and that you 're crazy for not identifying with the british identity . 
  after all , you speak english , were founded by a group of englishmen who renounced their citizenship , have a huge amount of english genetics making up your population , and have undoubtedly been shaped by the british influence on your nation . 
  do you think britons and americans look hugely different culturally to the chinese ? 
  of course not , they think we 're nigh on identical in the same way that people in the new world might think britain and france look very similar . 
  it 's simply a matter of degree . 
  you look at europe and see the similarities between britain and the other major european powers and just think , we 'll they 're european and crazy if they do n't see it . 
  and if you 're comparing britain and france with say , britain and japan , of course it seems patently obvious that britain belongs in a category with france and not one with japan . 
  however , you have to put yourself in their perspective . 
  many britons look over at the eu and see countries that have more in common with one another than the uk has in common with them , and that 's the degree of similarity at which such people draw the line of what it means to be european . 
  or at very least they see that those country have some indefinable `` something '' that holds them together as a group that britain does not share in , even if in other ways they are more different from one another . 
  you ca n't just assume that because it looks a certain way to you as an outsider that it 's objectively the case . 
  as an outsider i can tell you that to us the cultural difference between canadians and americans seem so trivial that you might as well be one country . 
  but that does n't mean i 'd insist that canadians are wrong not to identify with the american identity . 
  those differences , while they may not be loud or distinctive from an outside perspective , may be important to the individuals living in the respective nations . 
  i mean when you get down to it , which countries does britain most resemble anyway ? 
  which countries does it have the most similarities with ? 
  because i 'd suggest that britain is much more similar to other anglosphere nations than it is to those of mainland europe . 
  why is it right to put britain in a category with its european neighbours rather than in a different category , say , angloean , to which all the english speaking nations of the world belong ? 
  who are we to say that that 's wrong and european is right ? 
  it 's not like there have n't been large ideological divides between continental europe and what was formerly the british empire in the past . 
  in fact , it 's probably one of the most significant cultural divides in the history of the modern world , so why should n't that distinction be significant enough to warrant british people feeling outside of the european identity .
