  you really think that a bunch of crap dancing at the 2012 olympics ( at which i was present ) really compares to an entirely different culture ? 
  i mean seriously , the uk tries to be inclusionary at every turn due to pc guidelines ( and i do n't deny that every public authority in the uk attempts to inclusionary ) , but this does not compare to the german culture actually being more inclusionary , right down to the finanzamt , the ausl\u00e4nderbeh\u00f6rde , getting a job , and literally the bones of their culture . 
  because everyone in cologne knows that . 
  i disagree . 
  the difference that the higher price for labour would not increase the birth rate of children enough to counter the growing number of pensioners . 
  sure if labour were being paid loads more it would increase the number of children , however the modern western attitude would mean that it would be insignificant compared to how many ageing people we have . 
  we still need immigrants to supplement that , and this is boosted by the fact that immigrants are willing to raise their kids on a shoe string compared to western europeans who will only have an additional child when they are sure they can afford to raise it with the luxuries they 've become accustomed to . 
  i agree that certain parties are instrumentalising events for their own political agendas do n't get me wrong there . 
  it 's all well and good to say increase police presence , however , how would you feel if police were to totally to stop people drinking am dom . 
  people would probably spill over to neumarkt and heumarkt and other places , but what if they were to stop them partying there too ? 
  what if the whole ring was closed off to public congregation during karneval ? 
  because that would be the solution in many countries , stop the public festivities and make people go to bars and clubs or stay at home . 
  it 's not just a matter of police presence but perhaps police heavy handedness , and if that 's the case are we losing something special about germany if these things can no longer be tolerated ? 
  it is a security issue , you have the right , but it 's something that threatens tradition too , and something that germans might not be willing to give up . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's nuts and you 're just a crank . 
  there 's difference between a ponzi scheme where growth is inherently unsustainable , and economic growth projection that expands at a rate that is sustainable . 
  it 's literally the difference between investing in a ponzi scheme that projects a 300 % rate of return and investing a legitimate investment that projects 4 % interest over a year . 
  firstly i 'll add that many of the people who caused the trouble on new year 's eve were not refugees , but rather german people with an migrationshintergrund , so we ca n't just blame the refugees . 
  also i find it very dangerous to ascribe crimes to the worldviews of certain ethnicities . 
  as much as western societies might perceive islamic values as discriminating against women ( which they often do when interpreted in certain ways ) , they do no prescribe the rape and sexual harassment of women . 
  i agree that is not conducive to solving the problem . 
  failing to acknowledge the background of the attackers is definitely bad , and i think the end result would be the german public blaming foreigners generically , rather than focussing on the groups that actually made the attacks , but either way to situation is bad because it will lead to further enmity towards foreigners , specifically those of non-european origin . 
  ultimately we need an honest discourse , and the attempts of media to simply bury or ignore the crucial facts in every case like this will only harm that . 
  there is , of course , an element of western society that will not tolerate the singling out of certain ethnicities on the basis that doing so is inherently racist , and they are the reason why media behaves as it does . 
  all in all it 's a complicated situation that germany is only going to be able to get through with a struggle . 
  i ca n't say how it 'll play out in the end . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's simple maths . 
  if you want to see conditions improve you need a growing economy . 
  a growing economy requires more workers working than old people claiming their pension . 
  if germany wants to go on a sudden breeding spree and produce more children to grow up and look after the old then it does n't need immigration , however economically right now , immigrants are needed to produce economic growth that will pay for the old to cared for . 
  yeah , no problem . 
  i have n't found the german people so judgemental that the punishment delivered by the penal system here relies solely on the social ostracism received if one is discovered to have broken some rule . 
  the punishments are still aiming at punishing the people and not relying on that . 
  while rules are clearly important in germany people seem quite willing to accept minor infractions as part of life . 
  thankfully i 've only ever had minor infractions in germany in my life !, 
  however , the way to bring immigrants into order is to punish them in ways that actually affect their existence , how to do this though is not a question i 'm knowledgeable to answer . 
  i agree with that , i do n't want to buy into the notion that germany is undergoing some kind of unprecedented immigration influx whilst being a virgin solely ethnically european nation that 's never seen immigration before . 
  i realise that germany has dealt with similar shit before . 
  however , on the other hand , the immigration of today is unique simply because it 's happening today and not in the 90s or in the 60s , there are similarities but it 's a different beast . 
  ultimately i support immigration in germany , i am , myself , an immigrant after all ( although i must say i 'm not really treated as such being british , for example , i can go into a local german bar filled with working class german locals and only be met with raised eyebrows , wry smiles , and curiosity , which could not be said of someone who was nigerian for example ) . 
  i agree that germany probably will work it out eventually , i 'm not one of these right wing doomsayers . 
  however , i 'd stress that it 's not so much whether germany will deal with the situation it 's in and will be in in the future , it 's more about at what cost ? 
  i 'd like to think the chaotic fun of carnival and new year 's eve can be preserved in future without the necessity of heavy handed policing , but how to ensure a culture that can maintain this is a question i think every german should be asking . 
  do n't know what the [ h ] is about . 
  for me , it 's a cross symbol that appears when it 's controversial . 
  i agree that reker 's statements were unbelievable patronising , that said she did only manage to get elected because she got stabbed : s. i think what you said about the social contract being more a thing in germany definitely a good way of putting it . 
  as far as i can see the choices are , become more like many anglo-cultures , assume the worst , that the crowd congregating in the square on new years consists entirely of terrible people and be more restrictive towards them . 
  make it so everyone would rather be in a nightclub or bar on new year 's because public places will be heavily controlled and dispersed . 
  or alternatively find another solution that somehow preserves the german society 's ability to get away with stuff like karneval without it devolving into horrific violence both sexual and physical . 
  honestly i do n't have an easy alternative solution . 
  one thing i 've noticed is that germans tend to enforce the rules themselves to some degree , if they see a girl getting harassed or a fight going on they 'll be more likely to get involved and stop it . 
  maybe we need to stress the obligation of everyone residing in germany to not let that happen , however even that idea is dangerous in a way , it 's not a problem that can be resolved easily . 
  this is a problem in every country . 
  truth is that for someone without any stake in society and without a penny to their name prison is n't really a big problem . 
  the obvious solution is to give everyone a stake in society they 'll not want to lose , however this is problem when lots of immigrants are coming over at once . 
  however , i 'll even for a refugee it 's not a non-problem , if this person wants to ever work a normal job in the eu again then consequences are real . 
  the real problem is that the people who do this shit are too uneducated and reckless that they do n't think long term like that . 
  what you said about locals though to me is worrying . 
  surely the consequences of the legal system should not be dependent on the social shunning one will receive if people find out about your punishment . 
  i myself have had trouble with the german legal system before , and i do n't hide the fact because honestly within a legal system not guilty should really mean that and when a punishment is served it should really be served , forgotten about and put to rest . 
  the legal system should assume that the person will not be affected by the sense of shame a conviction can incur , and punish accordingly !, 
  no problem  thanks for the quote, 
  i 'm not suggesting it was a new liberal german idea . 
  however , i feel that it 's part of german culture to have this sort of organised chaos and that 's not something i 'm used to . 
  for example , i was in k\u00f6ln on st. martin 's day and was just amazed at how , despite the chaos , people still respected the rules to some degree . 
  if you go the dom on that day it 's madness , everyone is drunk , shouting , falling over . 
  the whole space is just covered in smashed bottles . 
  if everyone suddenly decided to start looting the shops then there 's very little the police could do , it would turn into a london riots style situation , yet it does n't because , on the whole , the german people are just interested in having a good time and do n't want it to be spoilt . 
  i think germans toe the line on the whole because of their sense of cultural unity . 
  even though they could get away with murder , they do n't because it 's their city and their society that they 're hurting if they do so . 
  it 's not a matter of what they can get away with , their is some sense of ethics that means they mostly only break the unimportant rules and do n't do anything truly abhorrent . 
  however in anglo cultures we are treated more like children , if we can get away with something we will do it , because that 's the attitude a lot of members of anglo-culture have . 
  the people in the train station on new years eve were behaving that way because they could . 
  they do n't do these things normally because they ca n't , because the police is there for their to be consequences , but when order breaks down like it does during certain festivals in germany then they do n't face consequences and act accordingly . 
  it 's not that the idea that sexually assaulting and harassing women is n't a moral norm for most of the western world , it 's merely that germany now has more and more people who 's morality is defined only by the real consequences of their actions rather than their own sense of what is right or fair . 
  to put it simply , germany , while used to disorder , is used to a society that will draw the line somewhere , the hooligans might fight each other and occasionally stab each other , they tend to leave ordinary folk out of it , and while nazis will march and the socialists will throw stuff at them , it does n't spill over into all out war , however with a large number of people coming from vastly different cultures arriving , the assumptions about where the line will be drawn have to be disregarded . 
  there police were there , there 's not question of that , it 's merely their presence was insufficient . 
  however , it 's part of german culture for people to congregate and drink in public spaces on special occasions . 
  what 's amazing is how thousands of drunk germans can congregate and the worst that will happen is a few punch ups and some broken bottles on the ground . 
  i think it 's possible that the german police underestimated the forced needed to control the situation due to this tradition of public congregation that usually does not spill over into utter chaos . 
  had this been another country i get the feeling that this would have not been tolerated in the first place , that the people building up around train station would 've been met with riot police and kettling . 
  quite simply , the germans are not used to things getting so out of control because on the whole germans are quite well behaved . 
  they are still adjusting to presence of such newly arrived immigrants in such great numbers . 
  as a foreigner who lives in germany i get the feeling that we are seeing an element of culture clash in germany at the moment . 
  imo german culture actually clashes more harshly with the presence of foreigner cultures more than my native uk . 
  i feel like the culture in the uk is more inherently liberal and exclusionary ( there 's a difference between being left wing and liberal i 'll stress , germany is more left but less liberal imo ) . 
  the british way is not to engage with the public whole , but rather with your group , either the british majority ( people born in the country who are or have been entirely anglicised ) or your own immigration background . 
  it does not particularly demand that foreigners integrate , rather that they just stay in their corner and go do their own thing . 
  as long as the foreigners are n't annoying british people or a different immigrant culture then leave them be . 
  on the other hand i feel german culture is more inclusionary , it demands a greater degree of getting along with your neighbour and integration on behalf of foreigners if they are to function in society . 
  i must say that i think germany 's history with immigration has shown germany to be more successful in integrating foreigners than the uk has . 
  why this is the case is too much to go into in any detail but i think it has a lot to do with language and history . 
  however the problem with the german situation is that it does n't handle influxes of foreigners well . 
  a steady stream is ok but a large influx is difficult to deal with because those foreigners will band together with their own cultures and not integrate in the same way that immigration success stories of the past have done . 
  a group not integrating and instead doing its own thing does not sit well with the german public , going against the german ideal of social cohesion and a unitary society for everyone . 
  britain and america have their histories of liberalism , colonialism and capitalism are far more at ease with different cultures with different values living side by side , unified really only by being under the same rule of law as each other . 
  they are used to just avoiding ghettos where other cultures exist and just accepting that fact that they really are n't so much of unitary people but a bunch of different sorts living under the same roof so to speak . 
  this kind of society is foreign to german sensibilities , they are perfectly willing to accept foreigners , however the condition of this is that they join and contribute to the german culture . 
  they can maintain their pride about their nationality and their traditions if they will , people welcome that , however they must play ball within the german framework willingly , and part of that is endorsing the german sense of ordnung , of what is acceptable and what is not .
