  finally , britain has never had the legacy of a surveillance that they had in the ddr which obviously affects the discourse in germany a great deal . 
  cctv does n't protect you but it is a strong deterrent and can also make liability claims a lot easier after the fact . 
  yep . 
  so i wo n't labour the point xd although i 'm sure there are people in the uk who would rather have the illegal immigrants than compromise this principle of british justice . 
  why would you want to make things easy for authorities ? 
  a healthy dose of suspicion has n't done britain any harm in the past . 
  well it puts some people 's minds at rest about the possibility of totalitarian governments . 
  i guess it 's similar to how germany feels about cctv cameras , which britons could n't give a fuck about . 
  well you do n't have to agree , but i hope you can see the principle behind it . 
  being an illegal immigrant is a crime , and in the uk we investigate people for crimes only when we have reason to suspect them of committing a crime . 
  asking people who have no shown any sign of being illegally in country to prove it is essentially investigating what we must assume are innocent people on the off chance they have committed a crime , which runs against the principle . 
  entirely depends on the context in which it happens , how the police are feeling , and where you are in germany . 
  technically speaking only a passport or valid ausweis is enough , however , but if the police are relaxed then a driving licence or health insurance card will suffice . 
  point is , unless you have your ausweis or passport on you then technically speaking they 're within their rights to take you back to the station and cross reference your name and address with the national database . 
  if they think you 're up to something illegal they can and will take you to the station for this purpose . 
  the uk has neither mandatory id ( you do n't technically even need to own an id of any form ) nor a national database . 
  as you can see , this is an area in which britain differs radically from most of europe from an ideological perspective . 
  you ca n't say `` there are illegal immigrants around , thus we have the right to check if you are one '' anymore than you can say `` there are thieves around , thus we have the right to check if you are one '' . 
  it 's not my obligation to prove to authorities i 'm legally in the country anymore than it is for me to start producing receipts for my personal effects . 
  you ca n't deny that the principle behind the idea is sound . 
  checkpoint control etc. 
  are not something british people generally stand for , and imo that 's a good thing and a legacy of the social and economic liberalism that the country was founded upon . 
  does n't matter if you are or not . 
  it 's a principle of human dignity to be able to go about your business in public place without being asked to prove you have the right to do so . 
  there are other ways to track illegal immigrants . 
  it 's a core principle of british law that you are a free man who does n't have to answer to some authority unless you break the laws of the land . 
  you ca n't go around asking people to prove they have stolen their person effects without some suspicion they 've committed theft , and likewise you ca n't go around asking people to prove they 're not illegally in the country unless you have some reason to suspect they are illegally in the country . 
  in reality , police do find reasons to check this stuff , and they do n't need a huge wealth of evidence before questioning your or establishing who you are . 
  however , the principle that says you are to be left alone in public unless there 's some reason to suspect you is inherently sound . 
  lol , see how ignorant and myopic you actually are , you do n't even seem realise you 're talking to someone how supported remain and supports the eu . 
  get off your high horse pal and stop projecting enemies everywhere , your blind emotional eu nationalism is so out of place , the eu is n't even a country . 
  the reality is that all i 've done is make explicit what many brexiteers think and feel , and you 've done nothing but spit bile and tell the proletariat they 're stupid , wrong , and bad . 
  do you not get democracy ? 
  if you want to win democracy you have to have people on side , giving them their medicine and telling them it 's good for them does n't work . 
   even if you hate the bureaucracy , the power-hungry elites of brussels or the german influence , you should have seen that there are much more important things at stake . 
  the eu was built to prevent the very thing you 're afraid of . 
  your small minded and selfish vote - like nothing else in the last 70 years - is endangering this peace . 
  why would we be afraid ? 
  the eu is stable enough , it 's not 1950 anymore , staying what is perceived as abusive relationship by many people just because of some abstract idea of peace is not a valid argument to most voters . 
   and all of this to earn - with much luck - a few hundred bucks more a month . 
  `` let 's crush this thing and get as rich as before ! '', 
  whatever `` before '' even means . 
  and how rich can you become , in a country as unequal as it gets - compared to the rest of europe ? 
  i 'm pretty sure your pro-rich-elites government will make sure you get what you deserve . 
  or it could make the uk a lot richer , or a lot poorer , nobody actually knows and that 's where the ideological differences come in . 
   haha . 
  jumping on the trump train , is n't it ? 
  i bet you also want to open those coal mines again ? 
  how long will it take until backward people like you notice there is no industry coming back ? 
  you learned the wrong trade . 
  get over it . 
  the age of automation is just beginning and there are no jobs for you in the industry of the future . 
  funny , because the whole german economy seemed to be based on manufacturing and it does n't seem to be doing so bad . 
  the argument that there are no physical economy jobs in the future for britain is absurd . 
  i guess you think that only the masterful germans should have manufacturing industry right ? 
  what the fuck is your point ? 
  if it applies to us it applies to you too . 
  it 's nothing to do with trump anti-environmentalism , it 's a desire to make long suffering sectors of our economy competitive by undercutting eu tariffs and allowing britain to regain the factory jobs and skilled physical industries that it lost under thatcher that has led to suffering to various communities that were historically manufacturing giants . 
  the right to be on the street without having to verify to some authority what you have the right to be there . 
  why should anyone prove they have the right to simply be ? 
  seems to me a core of a liberal society that nobody should have to prove anything unless they 've done something wrong , does n't matter if it 's the police or the queen of england , what right do they have to make my verify my right to be about my business in public ? 
  it 's worthless and destructive to suggest that economic figures do n't tell the full story of the british economy in the last few decades . 
  it 's worthless and destructive to point out that nobody really knows what brexit will result in and that a lot of the arguments are ideological rather than factual . 
  and finally , it 's worthless to point out that germanophobia is a natural instinct of a generation that grew up during total war with germany or in the immediate aftermath of it . 
  to me they seem like cogent arguments explaining why the referendum went the way it went . 
  maybe you just want to shut down discourse because you do n't want to acknowledge the reality that an ever closer german led eu is something many britons want no part of , and feel that changing tariff conditions when trading with the rest of the world might let britain scrape back some of the industry it once had , rightly or wrongly . 
  in a democracy what matters is how people think and feel , and not what some economic data or abstract proposition states . 
  perhaps you do n't want to face the harsh reality that much of the british populace does n't trust the eu ( or germany ) as far as they could throw them . 
  yeah , i 'm aware corruption is still around and no id cards does n't stop it , but i do n't see why we should wilfully hand over more rights . 
  and the uk would rather control its borders than subject its citizens to the kind of militaristic check points that could be used to catch out illegal immigrants . 
  thus the complete lack of interest in schengen in britain . 
  `` papers please '' are words that strike fear into people in britain in a way that most of the world is just used to , and frankly i think it 's something worth hanging onto . 
  identity can be established through free will . 
  for example you want a loan then they can say `` unless you show us some form of id then you ca n't have the loan '' . 
  police are able to detain people to find out who they are if they have reasonable suspicion that they have committed a crime . 
  they can not simply demand id from you though just for being about your business in public . 
  you do n't have to carry it but you can be detained for the purposes of ascertaining your identity if you do n't . 
  i 'm afraid that in british eyes this is authoritarian behaviour , which is why we 're naturally suspicious of id cards and all attempts to implement them have failed , and frankly i think that 's a good thing . 
  yeah , i know that well . 
  the reality is that brexit happened because people overestimated the importance of abstract propositions and statistics and underestimated public sentiment and its importance within a democracy . 
  nobody cares about employment statistics , gdp , economic growth , or any other shit when they do n't feel like their community and immediate environment is improving and becoming a nicer place to be . 
  is it though , the problem is that in most places that have such id cards there is a legal obligation to carry them , which gives police grounds to interfere in people 's business , sets a dangerous precedent , and can play into anti-immigration types that want to deport every person without perfect paperwork . 
  if there is no obligation to carry id then i see no problem with the cards themselves , but i feel like that obligation might come with their introduction . 
  expensive glasses you got there !, 
   oh , poor britain . 
  ~ 4,5 % unemployment rate at the date of the brexit vote and the gdp growing and growing . 
  you are a true epitome of economic failure and poverty . 
  i mean at least that 's what you believed and still seem to believe . 
  how is that ? 
  how is it that such simple , completely rational and irrefutable numbers ca n't reach your mind ? 
  i bet its because those brown people in the streets were actually more important to you , then the numbers . 
  wow , see that 's the core of it is n't . 
  you ca n't or wo n't acknowledge the validity of others political opinions in the same way you would in your own nation . 
  you see the british as lesser than those populations who support the eu . 
  to you it 's not a problem to be addressed , it 's a product of human selfishness or stupidity that needs to be cut out of your glorious unions , they 're wrong and we 're right , right ? 
  of course , national figures tell the full story . 
  there 's no manufacturing communities in the uk that have seen nothing but decline since the 1970s who sit by watching germany and france 's manufacturing industries prosper while they are left of the heap as supposedly worthless left over individuals . 
  it could n't possibly be the case that despite britain 's good economic figures there are people who are experiencing diminished prosperity and wealth compared to what they enjoyed in the past . 
  oh no , you would point them towards the conditions in romania or poland and tell them to count themselves lucky , expecting them to not feel diminished by that . 
   yeah .
