  do n't be a dick . 
  it 's hardly like british immigrants are n't contributing to the german economy . 
  there definitely is racism against poles . 
  even though it 's not as overt or strong as racism against , say , pakistanis , the pakistanis have less to fear from racism because often they have their own communities to support . 
  i can see how being the only polish kid in a poor working class and primarily white british area could be a struggle . 
  people definitely get shit for coming from other parts of the country , however , i think you get more shit moving to someone quite small with a proud heritage . 
  cornish people almost have a national pride of their own in addition british pride / xenophobia . 
  the cornish can barely stand having to share their county with the rest of the uk , and certainly not foreigners . 
  whereas somewhere like birmingham a polish person barely stands with the level of multicultural diversity there . 
  sadly that 's the story photogenic 16 year old girl dies . 
  if it was n't for the photos this would 've never made the national news . 
  i 'm not really interested in debating the amazing nature of tesla , i 'm sure they 're really good and are leading the world in electric car design . 
  i 'm not saying the hype is undeserved either , it probably is deserved , but i 'm not talking about whether the hype is justified . 
  i 'm just saying that tesla has a lot of publicity , while other companies working on electric cars do not . 
  it 's not a question about who * should * have publicity . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that just because there has n't been any major publicity around european electric cars lately , does n't mean that companies in europe are n't pumping millions if not billions into the industry . 
  which makes your statement :  while you guys are building gas guzzling supercars that cost a million dollars , we 're revolutionizing electric cars . 
  kind of dumb . 
  if you think the european multinationals are n't equally interested in electric cars as the american ones then you have no idea how the world works . 
  furthermore , just because the i series does n't match up to the tesla at the moment , does n't mean it 's not going to , bmw definitely have the resources , the brains , and the foresight to constantly adapt and improve , in 50 years time when gas guzzlers are a thing of the past as you say , who knows which companies with be the market leaders in their production . 
  what i 'm pointing out is that your suggestion that europe is focussed on supercars , and only the us in its mighty wisdom is focussed on electric cars , is plain wrong . 
  there 's lots of work being done on electric cars in europe , and plenty of american companies still focussing on `` gas guzzlers '' . 
   if you 're not seeing american cars , then you 're not opening your eyes . 
  i was referring to the sports car market only . 
   tesla has a huge amount of hype because they 're revolutionizing the electric car industry . 
  all other electric cars are objectively terrible in comparison . 
  the biggest problem with electric cars is range , because who wants to have to recharge every day and not be able to drive long distances ? 
  just look at how terrible the range is on electric cars except for teslas : good for them . 
  i 'm glad they 're pushing the limit . 
  but it 's not like big companies like bmw are n't pumping millions into electric cars right now and getting some results . 
   seriously , just look it up . 
  it sounds like you have n't actually done the research on this , you 've just assumed teslas are over-hyped , but they 're really not . 
  before them , electric cars were crappy and were never a serious alternative to gas guzzlers , but tesla has totally changed that . 
  i did n't suggest they were over hyped . 
  hype is pretty much irrelevant to how good something is . 
  it 's to do with publicity . 
  i just meant that tesla gets all the publicity , maybe deservedly , and other car companies are n't pushing themselves as `` electric car innovators '' quite so loudly , but just because european car manufacturers are n't shouting about their electric car prototypes , does n't mean europe does n't have a big foot in the electric car market . 
  all the the major car companies want to be ready when electric cars start to take over , so they 're all funding massive amounts of research so when the time comes they 'll be competitive in the market . 
  when i lived in munich i would see them testing the i series almost constantly in fact . 
  narratives like `` europe just makes gas guzzlers while we enlightened folk in america are making environmentally friendly electric cars '' are just plain stupid and childish , which is how you appear when you suggest such things . 
  in reality there are plenty of us firms turning out gas guzzlers and plenty of european companies working on electric cars , the world does not fit into silly narratives like that . 
   oh god . 
  do n't be one of those morons that pretends like reddit is super biased when it 's not . 
  there 's pro-american shit on reddit , there 's anti-american shit , and there 's all kinds of shit that 's neither . 
  every ring-winger claims reddit is far left , and every left-winger claims reddit is far-right . 
   this sub , however , is all anti-american ; every comment thread has some snide remark about americans getting massively upvoted . 
  i do n't remember the last time i saw a non-negative comment about the us on this sub . 
  do n't be such a baby , this sub is called europe , naturally there 's some amount of anti-american sentiment , and additionally some plain and honest well intentioned banter about americans that europeans bond over . 
  the same thing happens in heavily american subs . 
  mention france and you 'll get a host of cheese eating surrender monkey jokes , mentions brits and you get comments about dentistry . 
  it 's just par for the course . 
   no of course they 're popular with rich people everywhere . 
  i was just saying that supercars are a tiny , almost negligible part of the car industry when you look at the whole industry . 
  ok , but it 's not like europe only makes supercars , it also makes some of the most desirable and practical luxury cars , and a whole host of affordable run arounds too . 
   i 'm sorry , but i live in the us and that 's completely false . 
  i see patriotism in some places , but not when it comes to cars . 
  most car enthusiasts i know buy exclusively asian cars - they 're obsessed with subarus and hyundais . 
  even rednecks that buy giant trucks have no problem with toyotas or nissans . 
  many drive american made trucks but that 's only because most of the big trucks are american made . 
  people who buy economy cars almost always buy japanese cars because they 're supposed to be really reliable . 
  this difference in america you will see asian and european sports cars alongside dodges , chryslers , and the like . 
  whereas in other parts of the world it 's very rare to see american sports cars , and when you do see them it 's usually because the person is an enthusiast . 
   maybe they 're working on them , but i have n't heard of anything innovative coming out of that work . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're not listening then . 
  tesla has a huge amount of hype around it because it 's an electric car focussed company , whereas in europe it 's mostly existing car manufacturers working on electric cars . 
  so often i see redditors confusing the lack of hype and publicity , essentially a lack of their own knowledge , for the absence of something . 
   maybe not among european redditors , who are some of the most bitter , negative , and anti-american people i 've ever come across in my life . 
  but not among normal people . 
  if you pulled your head out your arse you 'd see europeans do n't think that way , however , most european redditors can be reactive towards the pro-american nationalist shit posting that 's common on reddit . 
   no , i was making fun of the idiocy of bragging about the prevalence of manual transmissions in europe rather than automatics . 
  that would be like people from a poor country bragging about the prevalence of water wells instead of plumbing . 
  i was n't bragging about anything . 
  i said manual gearboxes make us feel manly , which they do . 
  it 's not a boast , it 's merely a fact that in europe we like manual cars because we feel about them much the same way that many americans do their gun collections i imagine . 
   sure , but that has nothing to do with the car industry as a whole . 
  that sort of thing is popular in europe , and not really elsewhere . 
  while you guys are building gas guzzling supercars that cost a million dollars , we 're revolutionizing electric cars . 
  do n't be a hypocrite , you 're in denial if you think supercars are n't popular in the rest of the world , they get exported all over asia , middle east , and even to america . 
  the only difference in the us is that many people are more patriotic so have a tendency to buy american . 
  furthermore america has been responsible for some of the biggest gas guzzlers in history , what do you think the muscle car thing is all about . 
  plenty of european car manufacturers are working on electric cars too . 
  no offence , but you 're just a hypocrite , trying to frame things in a way that suits his own internal bias and agenda . 
  i 'm just breaking your balls , but you have to admit that american cars do n't have a particularly strong reputation , and the industry has never quite bounced back from the 70s when the us car industry was in the toilet . 
  it 's dragged itself back now but it 's still crazy that a country of 320 million is n't producing better cars than germany or japan . 
  you started this silly argument by dissing european cars anyway . 
  i also think you 'll find that plenty of people do care about supercars . 
  a better metric might be looking at the number of cars exported . 
  even ford has to build its cars in germany using a completely different set of models in order to sell them on the world market . 
  you ca n't really be praising the american auto industry , it 's been a shit show since detroit became a wasteland . 
  most supercars comes from europe , that 's just the reality of it . 
  only americans buy american big heavy cars . 
  [ european cars ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-grtfqusocv8/vq8gtauhhni/aaaaaaaakms/r3cih9tfv9y/s1600/cd4901565885474552666a.jpg ) , [ american cars ] ( http://www.sixthgear.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/pontiac-aztek1.jpg ) . 
  there 's a reason the world does n't buy american . 
  also we do n't care how we look , we car how we feel . 
  why would i be insecure ? 
  you seem to be projecting hard right now , and you obviously love downvotes . 
  ok , so a woman says that attending her local health spa makes her feel feminine , does that mean that women who do n't go to spas are masculine ? 
  i said that driving manual makes us feel manly . 
  why would that imply driving automatic makes you feminine . 
  unless they 're smuggling oestrogen in automatic gearboxes that makes no sense whatsoever .
