  or maybe we 'll talk about how health insurance contributions are left to private krankenkassen ( great socialism ) , whom german residents are in most cases legally obligated to pay ( great capitalism ) , and act as an almost flat tax across society ( with the wealthiest bailing on the public system and going private i 'll add ) . 
  or we could talk about how german benefits being so often set up as contributory that they ensure immigrant labour will be locked out from those benefits the typical german receives ( see unemployment insurance ) . 
  maybe we could talk about how tax and health insurance regulations are actively designed to work to keep married women out of the workforce . 
  or how mandatory pension contributions for the poorest workers are just a way of pushing the costs onto them rather than having society share the burden . 
  seriously , this is like debating with a chimp , you 're just looking for a fight , you clearly do n't have the capacity to think clearly about these matters , and think entirely in black and white , as evidence by your calling me a `` capitalist '' for daring to criticise the dogma of sunday working rights . 
  fact is i 'm not pro-capitalism , i 'm pro-social democracy , but also believe in fairness , equality , and egalitarianism , and so much of what is going in germany right now it about maintaining the illusion of high standards while allowing deregulation through the backdoor . 
  it 's bullshit , germany either needs to face reality and deregulate ( which would at least be honest ) , or needs a radical shift to return standards to what they were intended to be . 
  ah , but your response is simply that if i do n't like it i should leave , which makes you no different from a trump supporter or a brexiteer frankly . 
  having lived in germany for many years i do know a thing or two about germany . 
  i guess a mere `` resident '' does n't have a right to criticise the society he lives and works within , that right belongs solely to true born germans von reinem deutschem blut , right ? 
  clearly my post history is full of capitalism . 
  seriously , look at your response , you are mentally a fucking child . 
  i actually have a very measured and considered opinion on german politics , which as someone who lives and works here , i 'm entitled to . 
  i guess shouting `` capitalist pig '' is your substitution for trying to deal with the political realities of the day , like so many germans who go out protesting things like ttip and ceta without having the first idea what they even are . 
  ok , but they 're not `` supposed to '' be pronounced the same . 
  good response . 
  seems like the typical german way . 
  let 's cling to our collapsing antiquated model of socialism while the world moves on . 
  paint over the cracks and pass the costs onto immigrants . 
  all the while protecting the jobs of true germans with deliberately protective educational requirement , while at the same time telling ourselves that the german education system is the best thing since sliced bread . 
  rich coming from the country who only recently introduced a minimum wage . 
  german labour market is a farce , which is why there 's a huge amount of people pushed into being freiberuflich or working mini-jobs because the nation can no longer afford its pension/health insurance obligations , not to mention the thriving schwarzarbeit economy . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  it 's germans who pay atm fees , in most countries they are free for consumers . 
  german banks actually charge you for the luxury of giving them your money . 
  also rofl at germany not being dominated by the us , it 's worse for it here than most european countries , how many re-runs of the german dubs of big bang theory and how i met your mother can a nation handle ? 
  fuck not working on sundays . 
  it 's antiquated as hell . 
  you sound indoctrinated with nonsense . 
  it literally makes no difference . 
  imo sunday closing laws are just another law germanic countries convince themselves they 're being ethical when they 're no better , or worse , than the rest of us . 
  sorry , it 's a dumb law , backed heavily by religious interests , and a way of convincing unpolitical supermarket workers that their interests are being looked after ( when in fact they 're getting just as screwed as supermarket workers elsewhere ) . 
  family owned bars and shops are often open in those countries where sunday work is banned , because smaller convenience shop , bars , and restaurants are not bound by these laws . 
  these laws only apply to larger businesses . 
  thus ironically the only people who might potentially work a 7 day week are not prevented from doing so . 
  such a stupid rule . 
  it does n't help anyone to ban sunday work . 
  write a law ensuring all workers get a day off sure , banning a whole day just gives everyone a useless day where they ca n't do anything . 
  the fact that that day is sunday in german is also incredibly culturally biased and bordering on racist . 
  virtually every country in europe permits sunday opening hours and they do n't have problems with society from it . 
  stop swallowing the shit lies many germans tell because they 've been brought up with it . 
  next you 'll be telling me gema is just trying to protect the interests of german musicians , or that credit cards are indicative of mismanaged personal finance . 
  when something works in the rest of europe but germans refuse it , it 's generally the german public who 's in the wrong , and only americans seem to be able to out do them when it comes to sticking their head in the ground and convincing themselves they 're not the weird ones . 
   both are pronounced equally , pils and pilz . 
  i 'm not even german and i know that to be untrue . 
  in der tat ? 
  germany and some of its neighbours can be woefully slow on the uptake sometimes . 
  see , credit cards , chip and pin at tills , atm fees , youtube restrictions , sunday shopping . 
  some part of society are very unwilling to change and very prideful about the traditional `` german way '' of doing it . 
  german efficiency is sadly greatly exaggerated . 
  do n't see what 's so controversial about this . 
  germans carry cash everywhere and pay cash for almost everything , a huge number of people do n't own a single credit card , just about managing a ec maestro debit card that ca n't even be used by many non-german companies ( airlines for example ) , i actually laughed the first time someone offered me a receipt to sign in order to pay for my thing as if that proved anything , every bank will charge you a considerable fee unless you use their and only their atms , youtube has only just resolved its conflict with gema after god knows how many years , and you ca n't even open your supermarket for 3 hours on a sunday unless you happen to be attached to a train station/airport which clearly makes all the difference right ? 
  i mean even self-service checkouts at supermarkets only now seem to be taking off in a limited number of german supermarkets , and you would n't believe the teething pains that causes amongst both the german public and supermarket staff . 
  the way older germans look at the things you 'd think they were looking at satan 's arsehole . 
  god knows what will happen when they try to introduce contactless payments . 
  yeah , that 's what i was getting at . 
  rousseau was genevan , but geneva does n't seem to relate to the modern concept of a swiss nation . 
  in many ways it seems more like a french protestant outlier , which makes him seem more french . 
  i know , but what i 'm saying is that you do n't know identify the republic of geneva with modern switzerland particularly . 
  lots of these i do n't remotely associate with the country they 're listed on . 
  i would never think of kant as a russian , because he was ethnically german and wrote in german . 
  i would never think of freud as a czech , because although he was born there he was ethnically austrian and a german speaker . 
  i would never think of rousseau as swiss really , because of his huge influence on french culture , and also because swiss national identity does n't seem as strong as other nations before a certain point in history . 
  no way that you 'd think of charlemagne as belgian given how that nation did n't exist during his lifetime . 
  no way you 'd think of homer as turkish either , especially given how little we know about him historically . 
  if he even exists , most of what we know of him is as an immense influence on ancient greek culture and not as an individual . 
  actually you can assume a lot based on last years results , predict this years results , factoring in the exchange rate we have currently . 
  yes , the pound could theoretically shoot up to 2 dollars by the end of the fiscal year , it 's just incredibly unlikely . 
  also the growth in gdp for the year might be lower or more than predicted . 
  however , we can come up with a pretty solid prediction that factors in the exchange rate drop in that time , and some predictions put uk gdp lower than france . 
  acting like the previous data is irrelevant is as stupid as acting as if next year 's predictions are fact . 
  i only put coloured in quotation marks because it is considered a politically incorrect term in the uk . 
  i 've never really understood the difference between the black and the `` coloured '' populations of sa tbh . 
   indonesian nanny and german house guard were they banging ? 
  the data here is quite dumb . 
  in the uk you study 4 subjects in upper secondary education , narrowing to 3 in the final year . 
  most european countries have at least 6 subjects in the upper secondary , and require at least one to be a language for university applications . 
   however i give it to you that some french people seem to make no effort whatsoever to at least try to pronunce words correctly and just keep talking with an outraaageous accent forever . 
  but anyway , every nation has it 's own clich\u00e9 english accent influenced by the country 's vernacular language quite ironic when so many frenchies are sticklers for correct pronunciation of their `` beautiful '' language . 
  thank god the weekend is over and germany can get back to work !, 
  the bit of europe that 's in the west . 
  ironically called autoglass in the uk . 
  i guess the formula is [ foreign name for car ] + [ glass ] . 
  it 's just some dumb publication , no different from how nutters in any country are free to publish nonsense . 
  all the comments here implying it 's indicative that most german people actually believe this shit really show how bad this sub has become . 
  we are getting punished but only by the removal of privileges that are n't ours to take or give . 
  sovereignty goes both ways and the other countries of the eu are sovereign , through the eu those other countries gave us privileges in their countries in return for privileges in our country . 
  when we cease to reciprocate so will they , and in this sense we are punished . 
  so are they of course , but they 're many countries and we 're just one so we are punished to a greater degree . 
   that it would be too complicated , that it was practically impossible it is too complicated and it is practically impossible , evidenced by the fact that months later nobody has a slightest clue what it means asides that `` brexit means brexit '' , which means precisely nothing . 
   that it would devastate the economy . 
  it is devastating the economy , the pound has dropped to historic lows , interest rates are at the ridiculous level of 0.25 % , quantitative easing has been increased , the plans to decrease the deficit are out the window , investors have become more cautious , and industries are uncertain about the future . 
  brexit has already cost the uk billions . 
  now the market is waiting to see what terms the brexit will be on , and if we do something stupid like a hard brexit then things will get much worse . 
   so you have this theoretical ability to withdraw from the union any time you like , but try to actually do it and there will be hell to pay . 
  that hell is caused solely the removal of reciprocal relationships . 
  it 's not the eu punishing for the most part , it 's us cutting off our nose to spite our face . 
  if you join a club and membership of that club benefits you financially , if you refuse to play by the rules and lose your membership do n't be angry when the club no longer benefits you financially anymore . 
  it just shows how entitled the uk is if some people believe that refusing to give us rights we gained through joining the eu after we leave is them `` punishing '' us or being vindictive , that 's like getting your money back on something you bought , and accusing the shop of `` punishing '' you when they expect you to return the item . 
   the longer we stay , the harder it will become .
