  ingredients : 2 hard boiled eggs mayonnaise worcester sauce fresh watercress fresh white loaf of crusty bread salt and pepper 1 . 
  finely dice hard boiled eggs into pea sized chunks 2 . 
  transfer diced egg to a bowl and add mayonnaise while mixing ( mixture should be roughly 1 part mayonnaise 3 parts diced egg ) . 
  add worcester sauce according to taste and continue to mix . 
  cut bread into to a medium width ( a thumb 's breadth is a good indicator ) 5 . 
  spread egg and mayonnaise mixture across half the bread slices 6 . 
  chop water cress finely 7 . 
  sprinkle watercress across the egg and mayonnaise mixture which should now be spread onto the bread 8 . 
  lightly dust with salt and pepper 9 . 
  apply lids to sandwiches [ bon appetit ] ( http://www.greedygourmet.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2008/02/mg_7192.jpg ), 
  just one more perk the uk already has as a member of the eu . 
  if the uk were to leave , fall into economic hardship , and then want to rejoin , you can be damn sure it would also mean joining the eurozone , schengen , and swearing on our mothers there would be no more referendums , if they even let us back at all . 
  your skin is too dark for your to go unnoticed in british society . 
  if you see a white person begging nobody asks his nationality , but if you see someone who looks very tanned then every idiot walking by will be internally ranted about scrounging foreigners coming over here and simultaneously taking our jobs and claiming our benefits . 
  the eu immigrants are paying us more than they cost us . 
  with that money we are able to buy more resources ( infrastructure , healthcare , etc. ) . 
  the real reason those thing are overburdened is because the british public voted in the tories who implemented austerity packages . 
  we also let in a lot of non-eu immigrants who do n't pay for themselves on average , and they wo n't stop coming regardless of whether we 're in the eu . 
  nothing , and in fact half of that is n't even from the eu . 
  nevertheless , the angry uneducated masses have convinced themselves that immigration from europe is ruining britain . 
  it 's easier to blame johnny foreigners for our overburdened social system and stagnant wages than it is to acknowledge that the real reason is the harsh austerity measures our right wing government implements and our own economic irresponsibility in the city of london ( which led to the recession ) . 
  no he 's not saying that at all . 
  people who believe this are fundamentally misunderstanding how the single market and eea work . 
  all the countries in the single market accept freedom of movement , follow most eu directives , and pay their dues to the eu . 
  the conditions of membership of the single market are : accepting freedom of movement , following most eu directive , and paying your dues to the eu . 
  the leave campaign 's primary motivators are controlling the borders , retaining national sovereignty , and not having to pay any money to the eu . 
  cameron does n't have a choice in this matter . 
  it would insanity for the uk to stay in the single market following a brexit , as it would mean the uk loses its say in europe but still would have to accept immigration from the eu and do what the eu said , he would n't be able to change 90 % of what the leave campaign are against . 
  this is n't cameron 's being a dick , it 's you fundamentally not understanding what access to the single market entails . 
  sadly it would n't be that simple . 
  what would most likely happen if brexit passed is that the uk would exit the eu , then some time later scotland would leave the uk , then some time later scotland would join the eu . 
  it would n't be a pleasant road . 
  if you 're pro-scottish independence then i recommend you vote remain and then work towards a friendlier scottish exit of the uk . 
  i mean the people in the uk government cabinet that are n't voted in by you me or anyone in the uk . 
  that make the laws and submit them parliament to stamp ( or simply pass them via executive order without parliament ) , those are the people i mean . 
  wow , are you for real ? 
  the uk power the power to make it free for eu companies when their goods arrive in the uk , the uk also has the power to make it free for uk exporters to sail their goods out of its ports . 
  it can not , however , stop the countries of europe from slapping tariffs on uk exporters when their goods arrive in their country ( if they do n't pay they are breaking the law of that country and will have their goods ceased ) , and the uk can not stop eu countries from charging companies in their own country tariffs when they sail their goods out of their ports bound for the uk ( if they do n't pay they are breaking their own countries laws and will be taken to court ) . 
  this does n't just apply to goods , it actually applies to services too . 
  if the uk gets rid of freedom of movement or stops following eu directives then it is automatically out of the single market . 
  there is no choice in the matter . 
  the leave campaign want a free trade agreement to replace the single market , but this is not something that the eu will want to give , and will only reluctantly give the uk the worst deal it can muster without losing too much money . 
   the only question that i think is really important is whether or not you want a country ruled by our elected officials or not . 
  do you mean those good elected officials in the eu who implement sensible policies ? 
  or do you mean those thieves in westminster who went to eton and get driven around in bentleys while deciding where to invade next ? 
  absolutely . 
  the only way the uk could stay in the single market and stop freedom of movement is if all the other member states agreed to that , and they wo n't . 
  you can only be in the single market if you accept freedom of movement and eu directives and pay the eu money . 
  that 's the deal . 
  if the uk leaves the eu but remains in the single market then the uk will have to continue to do these things . 
  the whole brexit movement has been against freedom of movement and increasing national sovereignty . 
  if the leave group win then cameron has no choice but to do this if he wants to deliver that side what they want . 
  germany will make a deal eventually , but why on earth do you think it will be favourable to the uk ? 
  the germans would make a trade deal that would be an unfavourable as possible to the uk while still not harming their economy to an unreasonable degree . 
  sure they 'd want the uk 's money , but they 'd also want to take a tough stance towards eu exiting countries to discourage others from doing the same . 
  whatever deal the uk got would be a unfavourable as they could reasonably muster . 
  because this club , like any club as rules . 
  imagine you have a cricket club , and the rules are that you ca n't take beer on the pitch or wear spiked shoes in the bar . 
  now imagine someone comes to you and says , unless you let me break these rules then i 'll leave the club . 
  you ca n't make an exception for them because if you allow them to break the rules then everyone will , and soon you 'll have a fucked up carpet in the bar and a beer bottles all over the pitch . 
  so then the person makes good on their promise and leaves . 
  a week later they come back , and say , since i 'm no longer a member i no longer have to follow your rules , but is ok if i come back as a guest and use the bar and play the occasional game ? 
  in fact , i just want to benefit from the club facilities when i want but not be a member . 
  what the fuck are you going to say ? 
  do you seriously think just because they wo n't let that person come back and benefit from the club facilities that they must be shitty facilities ? 
  no because if the uk did n't pull out of the single market then it would n't be able to deliver on 90 % of the things the leave campaign are asking for . 
  staying in the single market would mean retaining freedom of movement and continuing to follow eu directives , just without the option to vote , which would just be stupid . 
  a lot of the leave side have convinced themselves that the uk is still going to get all the good things about the eu without any of what they perceive as bad , without realising that all countries in the single market have to accept these policies without necessarily having a chance to say anything about it . 
  he 's trying to make clear that a leave vote means an end of our economic relationship with europe . 
  it will be a minor victory in my opinion . 
  if a brexit were to happen the first priority of a new government ( and cameron is history after this regardless of the outcome i 'm certain ) would be protecting the city and stabilising the economy . 
  given their strain of politics , i 'd imagine we 'd see deregulation in the city as an attempt to counter the negative economic impacts of the the brexit . 
  some services that needed to be located in the eu would end up moving to frankfurt . 
  however , the city of london would be desperate to implement that kind of financial casino that they 've always dreamt of . 
  honestly , i think the outcome for germany would be better if the outcome is remain . 
  you 're incredibly myopic if you think global influence irrelevant . 
  in a world of economic super powers with hundred of millions of citizens bringing collective bargaining power to the table means a hell of a lot . 
  the eu as a power bloc is able to compete with places like the china and the us , in fact , it 's currently the biggest economy in the world . 
  do you think the economic super powers are going to be nice to loner country of 64 million when they can afford to be without it far more than it can afford to be without them ? 
  you 've got to look at the context though . 
  the uk is important to the eu , and there is leverage in that . 
  however , if they make a special exception for the uk then soon every country will want a special exception . 
  it would set a precedent that said : if you 're an important eu economy you can use threats of withdrawal to bend the rules . 
  nevertheless , had the uk has been asking for something the eu were n't fussed about , i.e something that was n't a big deal like a minor exception on some agricultural law , then they probably would 've given in and allowed it even if it could potentially mean giving something out some minor exceptions in future to other countries since it 's not worth risking britain 's leaving over something so insignificant . 
  that said , you have to look at what the uk wanted to negotiate though . 
  the key issues seem to be immigration and national sovereignty . 
  what britain wanted was to opt out of the freedom of movement of people with the eu . 
  this is hardly a small potato issue , and if an exception had been made for britain then ultimately it would have heralded the end of freedom of movement within the eu as it would n't take long for other countries to start demanding it too . 
  as a vehemently pro-eu british national i 'm beside myself at the thought of this shitty situation we 've arrived at , however , i completely understand why there could n't have been a successful negotiation of britain 's position in the eu , and i also understand that the eu 's actions do not entail that britain is n't important to the eu as a whole . 
  personally , it 's plain to me that the primary issues that are motivating the pro-brexit movement are immigration and national sovereignty . 
  any political analysis will show the same thing , and the eu is well aware of that . 
  a renegotiation would never solve anything unless those two issues were solved , and if you opt out of both freedom of movement and any obligation to follow eu directives then you may as well not be in the eu . 
  as for britain 's bargaining power after the referendum if it were to leave , you have to consider that it makes no logical sense for the eu to give the uk an easy exit or come to a favourable agreement for the uk in any sense . 
  this is because if it did make it easy for the uk then they 'd be increasing the risk that other eu member states might do something similar . 
  a common mantra of the leave supporters currently is to repeat that `` the uk is the 5th biggest economy in the world '' , as if to reassure themselves that outside the eu the uk would still be needed by the eu and that we 're still rich enough to ensure that the eu ( and the rest of the world ) will quickly broker new trade deals with us . 
  this , however , is completely irrelevant to this theoretical situation . 
  in reality , what would happen is the eu would figure out the least favourable way to treat the uk that it could afford to . 
  obviously being a major world economy means that business between the uk and the eu would need to continue , so the eu would be weighing the value of easing trade between the uk and eu economically , with the desire to ensure its own future continuity by not making exiting the eu seem like a desirable move to make . 
  needless to say , in this situation the eu would be quite harsh on the uk within reason , balanced by the value of the trade relationship , but the outcome does bode well for this non-eu uk whatsoever . 
  we 'll just send all the germans living in britain back then ?
