  nobody goes to russia because it 's shit , while millions of russians flood to places like germany in hope of a better life . 
  your best minds flock here to enrich our culture at the expense of yours . 
  you were delusional during the cold war , and you 're delusional now . 
  maybe one day you 'll learn your place , but evidently that wo n't be any time soon . 
  how about check republic ? 
  oh yeah i 've heard that slur against toilet cleaning a lot before . 
  reality is the russians would be flooding the eu for manual labour if they could be once they realised how much they 'd be earning comparatively . 
  in what sense ? 
   `` pickles '' unspecified are always pickled cucumbers the rest of the english speaking world would refer to these as gherkins fyi . 
  history : `` pickle '' in english meant a sauce that you had with meat that had been preserved in brine ( the meaning was later extended to vinegar too ) , the word coming from low germanic languages . 
  pickling was the process by which such food was preserved . 
  thus the phrases `` in a pickle '' , which i doubt makes sense to americans as how can you be inside a pickled cucumber . 
  the original sense of the word is preserved outside of the us , which if you ask for pickle you 'll get a sauce made up of finely chopped mixed veg that has been pickled . 
  using the word `` pickle '' for `` gherkin '' is attested all the way back to the 18th century , but probably just arose as a form of short hand for `` pickled cucumber '' in the same way that `` corn '' was just a shortening of `` indian corn '' , which was actually more properly called maize . 
  `` corn '' simply meaning the primary harvest is any one area . 
  if you read historical british literature corn always refers to wheat . 
  nobody gives a fuck if you 're not a dick about it though right ? 
  i 've smoked one sitting on a bench away from people in a public area that was n't even amsterdam and the few who walked past did n't even bat an eyelid . 
  plus i saw some black guys just standing outside a train station in a busy area and nothing happened to them . 
  lol i 'm pretty sure if you 're in the northern part of france we shared a kingdom for a few hundred years . 
  drain the north sea !, 
  doggerland is rightful british clay !, 
  what russians actually believe :d, 
   why is europe ( and/or the usa for that matter ) not allied with russia ? 
  because they 're backwards as fuck . 
  yes but ultimately the largest powers in the eu define the agenda more than others . 
  it 's realpolitik to borrow a german word for it . 
  you can have as many checks and balances as you want but ultimately realpolitik is what drives any political discourse . 
  if you think outdated equipment , poor organisation , and general fuckery is a sign of `` strength '' then sure . 
  except member states can veto anything they do n't like . 
  they also have the most lobbying power . 
  the idea that democracy therefore free choice is just dumb . 
  the more powerful nations within the eu set the agenda . 
  because germany is the dominant economic power on the mainland with the most influence in the eu . 
   and not going to war is a good thing . 
  so i guess if britain had n't gone to war with germany that would 've been a bad thing ? 
  an effective military has to be willing to strike first before it 's too late . 
  with germany and the other central european powers holding the reigns it wo n't be used until it absolutely must be . 
  the eu should have been a democratic confederacy from the start , with accountable leaders with a pan-national identity , then it would actually be meaningful , now we have a horribly bloated trade union pushing for more power against people who were never really sure what it was meant to be in the first place . 
  i did n't want britain to leave the eu , but you ca n't blame them for it when the eu is an unappealing byzantine institution that precariously tries to balance the needs of its many member states . 
  it 's a very flawed union with the collective personality of a damp fish . 
  i 'm afraid , i worry that without us the eu is going to be too germany dominated and the logic of fiscal conservatism and protectionism that abounds there will infect the rest of europe . 
  point is why waste loads of money on an eu military that will almost certainly never get used when we have militaries and they already collaborate with each other . 
  if there were an imminent thread on europe , and europe needed to band together to fight a foe , then sure eu military makes sense . 
  otherwise you 're just integrating european militaries to please bureaucrats and make people feel more integrated . 
  furthermore while europe remains a set of sovereign nation states , it wo n't be a single military in anything more than name as different national forces will ultimately be under the power of their nation state and not the eu . 
  we could blow up said tanks with cruise missiles off the coast of norway before they reached wroclaw . 
  this is n't ww2 . 
  and it 'll be a useless tool given that germany will be calling the shots and wo n't go to war with anyone over anything bar an invasion . 
  yes it does . 
  which is why we have better intelligence services than they do . 
  anyway , hiding a few military projects sure , but whole armies , that 's just not possible these days . 
  your opinion is rubbish . 
  i never said 2 % was overspending . 
  i said overspending out of fear is dumb . 
  i 'm sorry that 's ridiculous . 
  you 're saying countries ca n't ramp military production prior and during wars ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  yes they support an eu military . 
  that does n't mean they support using an eu military . 
  germany does n't even go anywhere near offensive military work due to the legacy of the past . 
   with the brexit , and with ukraine as motivation , one eu militairy will soon become reality . 
  an eu coalition force may well come to exist but it will definitely an `` opt-in '' type of deal . 
  certain countries are n't going to touch it with a 10 foot barge pole . 
  given the political situation in europe i think an eu army is a waste of time and that britain was right to oppose it . 
  look at the countries in europe , notoriously neutral countries like ireland and the nordics , vehemently pacificistic countries like germany and austria , straight up broke countries like greece . 
  what you 'll end up with is nothing more than a coalition defensive force that will mostly me made up of poland , the baltics and balkans doing most of the actual work , and lots of money spent on the gravy train along the way . 
  thing is , european military allies already cooperate with one another , this wo n't change really . 
  the military forces we keep on acting the same way they always have , they 'll just get some sweet new euro hq and a bunch of desk jobs to orchestrate the whole thing . 
  european politics mean that an eu army can never be a useful cost effective offensive singular military . 
  we 'd be better off just handing over a few hundred million in arms to the countries threatened by russian military aggression and save ourselves the bureaucratic farce . 
  the reality is that russia is n't going to come marching into eastern europe any time soon and if they did we 'd all be fucked anyway because they 'd be a chance of nuclear war . 
  we know this is all really about ukraine and unless until ukraine joins the eu it 's pointless , at which point we could just collaborate with the ukrainian military in the same way all eu militaries do . 
  actually the speed at which you can develop your military also depends on the threat level . 
  the more threat the more spending and resources that can be justified , the faster militarisation can occur . 
  the argument that we can never know the future and thus must constantly overspend is quite silly when you think about it . 
  obviously countries should try to cautiously gauge future threat level as best they can and respond accordingly , and they do . 
  does n't justify cold war-esque paranoid overspend though . 
  a mighty army is n't just going to raise up out of the sea and crush us unawares . 
  intelligence services give us the advantage of knowing what any potential foe has available to them . 
  i feel this is more of an image displaying to degree to which various countries use their police force as a way to keep down unemployment . 
  yeah free trade when it suits me . 
  kinda of a shitty mentality when we 're meant to be working towards a globalised economy that will most efficiently provide for everyone , yet try telling the normally pro globalism germans to eat romanian vegetables over those grown in germany . 
  what 's fascinating is that the glacier runs right down the traditional north-south divide in british culture . 
  this divide has often thought to stem from a difference agricultural practices : small competitive animal husbandry communities vs larger more centralised crop farming settlements . 
  glaciation probably did play a factor in defining the differences in landscape and soil types that created this divide . 
  except traditionally you can go get a job at 16 in the uk and never spend another day in education . 
  now there is some law that requires you to take on some form of training , but that really does n't mean the same as a traditional education . 
   english speaking philosophers may speak french or spanish but german ? 
  most americans should have not more than a low level proficiency in secondary languages only because they have usually no need for such a language . 
  so i doubt that too many english speaking philosophers have a well founded proficiency in a secondary language . 
  i think you need to realise you 're talking about philosophers . 
  the average american is unlikely to have a 2nd language but i can assure that in any philosophy department in the english speaking world worth its salt at least half the faculty will be fluent in german . 
  learning german is a natural step for any english speaking philosopher who hopes to gain a thorough grasp of the history of philosophy . 
  your doubt is kinda absurd , we 're talking about people in the top 1 % in terms in terms of intelligence and education who are studying a global tradition . 
   he is pointing to different traditions which are no mental prisons as you remarked but they are weird static places and people do n't leave them . 
  the unwillingness to dive into a different sphere and lack of understanding of different traditions is mutual . 
  you see this sometimes in subs like / r/philosophy when a translation of a german philosopher was posted . 
  the reality is that neither side agrees with the other 's approach . 
  continentals are searching for profundity in language in a similar way that you might when reading a novel .
