  you only seem to want to talk about what other people , who are n't me , have done in the past , and think that top comments on reddits calling the uk perfidious albion ( literally a phrase used by europeans waging war on britain for centuries ) are just fine and dandy and that we should suck it up . 
  your argument is shit . 
  existent is irrelevant here , your argument makes no sense . 
  there have been acid attacks for almost as long as people have been able to make acid , however the frequency with which they happen in the uk at least has gone up massively in recent years due to the acid attack culture in the 3rd world and its spreading to immigrant communities in the uk . 
  that 's the go to german loan , but it 's barely ever used . 
  still there 's definitely not that many german loans in english . 
  plenty of cognates of course , because of the anglo-saxon basis of the language , but it 's not that common for english to take a word wholesale from german . 
  ersatz ( although faux is more common ) and angst stand out too . 
  i do n't get it ? 
  are they deliberating trying to make hard for english speakers to know what they 're on about ? 
  english does n't really do german loans . 
  could n't they be bothered to translate it properly to air mattresses, 
  it 's sad to think that this stuff is becoming more normal . 
  the reality is that changes in 3rd world cultures have a knock on effect on the west . 
  acid attacks have become popular in many 3rd world countries as a cheap and a effective way to horribly injure someone without leaving much by way of evidence . 
  now it 's leaking into immigrant communities in the west . 
  i 'm lying now ? 
  mate you sound like a 12 year old call people `` liars '' . 
  this discussion is going nowhere . 
  it 's still not acceptable to call german 's nazis . 
  when i said nobody does it , i obviously did n't mean that nobody has ever put those words together , that 's fucking ridiculous , but you choose to go with the most literal interpretation of my words and purposely misunderstand to try to win this argument we 're not having . 
  i am still right . 
  the eu was meant to combat nationalism and ensure european peace , calling britain `` perfidious albion '' and taking it personally because britain voted to opt out of the a political / economic agreement is against everything the eu was built to stop . 
  it 's also still fair to point out the legacy of nationalism in europe , not just in germany but also in italy , spain , and france etc. 
  and quite rightfully be worried when someone claims to want `` three generations of european nationalism '' . 
  if you disagree with either of these statements you 're entitled to your opinions , but they 're clearly fair and reasonable . 
  nothing you 've said so far makes any sense or even addresses the issues i 've brought up . 
  would be going a hell of a lot better if russia had n't annexed parts of ukraine . 
  in fact the whole country seems to run on imaginary fears of nato aggression . 
  imo if russia had done the sane thing instead of fighting the west at every opportunity i 'd wager the purchasing power of the average russian would be double what it is today . 
   we are doing just fine brought to you by russia today . 
   no , you misunderstood me . 
  i was asking whether or not somebody used these insults before brexit . 
  because i can assure you that they did . 
  inselaffe is something that you could hear in german pubs from time to time , brexit or not . 
  and in other countries , too . 
  this is n't some new insult to spite your democratic vote . 
  why are you talking about other insults at other times . 
  you 're just saying things and expecting me to understand what you mean without properly explaining yourself and frankly i do n't care enough to want a full explanation . 
   since when do you decide for others how offensive an insult is ? 
  get the fuck out with that thinking . 
  what sane thinking in which we a sense of proportion . 
  calling someone an idiot is not as bad as calling them a fucking cunt . 
  calling the french frogs is not meant like cunt most of the time it 's meant in a friendly way . 
  get a grip of reality . 
   you 're delusional for denying this . 
  absolutely delusional . 
  you like this word a lot , shame you 've completely misunderstood . 
  it 's generally not acceptable to call germans nazis . 
  the fact people do it is relevant . 
  i never said people do n't call other countries names , merely that it 's not accept to call germans nazis , even the british press refrains from that and at worst makes allusions . 
   you 're saying that prejudice does n't exist in europe unless you go against the eu . 
  no i 'm not . 
  you 've totally misunderstood everything i 've said and made up your own argument against what you think i mean simply because i mentioned the war and how the eu was n't designed to be this in-group that people get proud and nationalistic about . 
  my point is still completely valid . 
  the people bashing the uk as if the whole country had personally betrayed them because they 're butthurt about brexit are peverting what the eu is meant to stand for , and yes , any nationalism , be it national or a similar feeling towards europe as a whole , coming out of mainland central europe is terrifying because of the legacy just ways of thinking have there . 
  as much of a cunt as he is he 's trolled europe pretty effectively . 
  i 'm not detached from reality at all . 
   so nobody said `` perfidious albion '' or `` island monkey '' ? 
  look mate if you 're not going to read the fucking thread at all to see the context of my statements there 's no fucking point responding to comments on reddit . 
   and frog or frogeater are only ever meant in jest ? 
  yes , they are very weak insults like calling americans yanks or the brits limeys . 
   or calling germany nazis ? 
  who the fuck calls germany nazis , maybe in your mind that 's something that goes on all the time but i assure it 's not acceptable in civilised society . 
   or calling southern europeans lazy bums ? 
  mildly racist stereotype , again totally incomparable . 
  you 're just doing the terrifying thing that this generation of germans does , which is try to act like the war is no longer relevant . 
  it will never stop being relevant , even when your children 's children 's children are walking the earth . 
  it is literally the fire out of which our modern society was born . 
  it 's a very valid point that the eu was built to stop nationalism and national hatred . 
  those people bashing the uk for leaving as if it were a personal slight are completely going against the spirit of the whole damn project . 
   where did they tell you that ? 
  scroll up  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  so me saying that oversimplifying the world is bad is now downplaying the horrors of the second world war ? 
   the way you are equalizing the horrors of said war with what you perceive of supposed harrassment by very few people is disgusting . 
  that is what is actually downplaying the horrors , which is why i tried to argue that you should n't do it . 
   jesus , what a delusional argument that is . 
  you 're delusional . 
  i 'm not equalising harassment to the war at all . 
  can you actually read ? 
  i just pointed out that the eu was n't designed to be a nationalistic institute that people feel loyalty to and get butthurt when nations come and go , it was anti-nationalism not a new larger form of nationalism cover a larger area . 
  when people start saying perfidious albion because of a democratic vote to leave , they are doing exactly what the eu was meant to stop . 
  that was my point . 
   where were you when this was done before brexit ? 
  where were you when the french were constantly being called frogs ? 
  southern europeans lazy ? 
  germans depicted as nazis everywhere in southern europe ? 
  where were you then ? 
  you seem to have completely shut out the fact that these little squabbles were going on this entire fucking time . 
  did that makes you as concerned ? 
  nobody was serious using phrases like perfidious albion or island monkey back then , these are n't funny phrases that were used jokingly like frog , they are literally war insults , which should go to show you how deep the irrational hate some eu ideologues have for the whole of the uk right now . 
  pointing out the dangers of european nationalism by referencing the war is n't absurd , it 's a very poignant point . 
  the whole european project is defined by it , it 's not something that can ever be ignored . 
   comparing eu nationalism ( and , again , that is not actually something that exists unless you never leave the information bubble that is / r/europe ) to national socialism - that 's fucking rich . 
  it 's an utterly valid point . 
  the eu was founded in the wake of the worst war in human history that was started in mainland europe , it was designed to combat nationalism , to link europe in a way that would make petty squabbles and hatred harmful to everyone . 
  britain is planning on leaving and some people resort straight back to anglo bashing and whip out old slurs like `` perfidious albion '' and `` island monkeys '' . 
  it 's a fucking valid point . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the majority opinion , but it 's clearly the opinion of some people . 
  when someone tells me they want `` three generations of proud european nationalism '' , excuse me for immediately fearing the worst .
