  their goal is to become closer to the profound truths of human existence through engagement with the raw phenomenology of existence . 
  in many ways they do what artists do with space and colour , or what poets do with lyrics , simply in prosaic form . 
  an analytic philosopher takes a completely different approach , and sees this as a less interesting endeavour when compared to establishing a singular unitary truth of what is . 
  they are fundamentally concerned with what we do and do n't know , and how we know it . 
  there was a time when these undertakings were one and the same , but gradually they 've drifted into separate spheres . 
  the idea is of returning philosophy to a unitary whole is in many ways analogous to a physical theory of everything ( although perhaps far more far fetched and fantastical ) , as it would have to account for everything from how matter gives rise to consciousness ( assuming it in fact does ) all the way to the phenomenology of religious experience . 
  ultimately , the suggestion which is often floated around , that english is too pedestrian to be communicate the profundity of the much admired european thinkers is just badling nonsense . 
  i might as well argue that shakespeare is too profound to be translated into german as the necessity of putting the verb to the end of subordinate clauses removes the force of his words . 
  just silly . 
  not to shit on your example mate , but as someone who speaks both german and english and has a background in philosophy and linguistics this is just pure shite that some strains of continental philosophy come up with to justify the adoration of some very dodgy philosophy , and at the same time the dismissal of some very cogent ideas . 
  do n't worry there are also similar bullshit arguments on the other side too . 
  i actually attended one of the few universities in the world that teaches both traditions which probably positions me better to actually talk about this issue than most . 
  continental philosophers often try to blame the split in the philosophical tradition on the english language . 
  their argument is as simple as `` english speakers do n't get our philosophy because their language is unable to express it conceptually . '', 
  the linguist in me can tell you that this is utter utter shite . 
  no more justified than saying that because there is no word for `` schadenfreude '' in english that we 're unable to grasp the idea conceptually . 
  the irony is that a huge number of anglo philosophers speak at least french or german to a level that can easily match any french or german intellectuals english ability , and yet the divides in the traditions remain . 
  the position your citing relies on a whorfian-esque hypothesis , which is it 's most simple formulation is that language shapes thought rather than thought shaping language . 
  it 's a just a poor excuse trying to explain away the reality that most analytic philosophers , all over the world , do n't take continental philosophy seriously , and ultimately there are far more realistic reasons than `` english is grammatically/syntactically unable to express it '' . 
  there reality is that every fully developed language is able to express the any concept that occurs in any language . 
  it might not be with the ease and finesse of the language that the concept was derived from , it might take a paragraph where a word would 've sufficed in another language , but ultimately thought is universal , and language has this amazing ability to adapt itself to the task at hand . 
  reading a quote like :  dasein 's hankering as it falls makes manifest its addiction to becoming ` lived ' by whatever world it is in . 
  this addiction shows the character of being out for something . 
  being-ahead-of-oneself has lost itself in a ` just-always-already-alongside ' is frankly not that easy in any language . 
  reading it in either english or german simply requires a translation of the concepts and terminology , whereupon you essentially `` learn '' a new language to express the thought . 
  while it 's easier in german than english , given the fact that heidegger wrote it in german , that should n't be surprising . 
  however , it 's hardly as if with effort the english translation can not be understood . 
  furthermore , acting like the language is what explains the difference in styles and the popularity of different approaches is just absurd . 
  if you look back at the enlightenment british philosophers you can see that their style radically differs from modern analytic philosophers and is far more analogous to the 20th century continentals . 
   it is therefore certain , that the imagination reaches a minimum , and may raise up to itself an idea , of which it can not conceive any sub-division , and which can not be diminished without a total annihilation . 
  when you tell me of the thousandth and ten thousandth part of a grain of sand , i have a distinct idea of these numbers and of their different proportions ; but the images , which i form in my mind to represent the things themselves , are nothing different from each other , nor inferior to that image , by which i represent the grain of sand itself , which is supposed so vastly to exceed them . 
  frankly trying to explain these concepts in german is equally as hard as vice versa sometimes . 
  to address what you said :  no english has a fast word order word order has very little impact conceptually , their argument is n't to do with word order per se , it 's to do with the relative synthetic and analytic properties of the language , which is ultimately to do with morphology and compound nouns , while it does allow for a freer word order , that 's pretty much incidental . 
  it 's also wrong for the reasons i explained above . 
   academics in anglophone countries is limited to a plain language no , anglophone academics almost universally prefer plain language but there 's a university course 's worth of history behind that . 
  that said there are english speaking thinkers within the tradition and there is nothing that binds them plain language . 
   when you read german texts words are n't does n't have necessary a fast order . 
  i know . 
  but how you get from there to , it is impossible express a concept in english , is unsound . 
   and an author is able to create a lot of subordinate clauses , which gives a lot of creative leeway . 
  there are no limits to the number of subordinate clauses in english . 
  also i pointed out , historically english philosophy was the same , it simply stopped being seen as an effective way to communicate ideas . 
  fyi there 's nothing magical about a full stop . 
  your conceptualisation does n't have to end there . 
   t 's a good reason to learn german , because precise translations to english are not possible . 
  es w\u00e4re toll , wenn ich deutsch k\u00f6nnte :p to end this long rant , the point is that there is no reason to think that `` precise translations to english are not possible . '', 
  that 's simply not correct . 
  it is no more the case that german writing is not translatable into english than english is untranslatable into german . 
  if you think about it clearly , the fact that english lacks certain linguistic features that german has ( e.g easy compound nouns ) and has certain features that german lacks ( clear distinction between perfective and imperfective aspect ) , is just as much a reason to see complexity in translating from english to german as the fact that german lacks certain features that english has ( e.g a statal past tense ) and has certain features that english lacks ( e.g a declension system ) , is a reason see complexity in translation from german to english . 
  even if you read barry smith 's essay you 'll see that he 's really more pointing out the difficulties in translation rather than the idea certain ideas simply ca n't be expressed in english . 
  as an explanation of why the traditions are divided it falls short frankly though . 
  by the way , french is far more similar to english in terms of its syntactical rigidity , and yet it gets lumped in with german as conceptually similar . 
  ultimately , incredibly briefly , the real explanation of the difference is that german and french philosophy is an attempt to describe the lived in experience of existing , in no sense limiting itself in terms of calling upon concepts and imagery that invoke some kind of phenomenological experience . 
  anglos have typically preferred to focus on precision and clarity of meaning in an attempt to discern what we know and can be certain of . 
  ultimately , the divide is the same as difference between trying to express what it feels like to watch a sunset and what it means to you and scientifically investigating the scene in terms of vectors and light waves . 
  anyway you probably did n't care that much about this issue but it 's something i 've got a personal connection to . 
   they make a language less ambiguous , more specific and richer . 
  you say that but they can also be seen as limiting thinking . 
  a compound is made according to what seems naturally to people at a certain place or time . 
  a word , and thus a concept , is defined by its components meaning that people latter learn that world as children think about that concept in a synthetic fashion involving all it 's component parts . 
  however , a language that uses signs that do n't have any component parts for each concept has a kind of conceptual freedom . 
  each concept is approached as unique and in no way a synthesis of other concepts . 
  it is treated more like a thing in itself rather than a mixture of different ideas . 
  arguably the degree to which a language forms compounds influences how its speakers think about the world to some degree . 
  both models have pros and cons imo . 
  interesting lots of english compounds are latinate . 
  meaning you only see the conceptual compound if you know some latin . 
  e.g appreciate = ad pretium , literally `` to the price '' . 
  i speak german and it can sometimes seem pedantic conceptually , as certain words can not be applied to certain things because it would break the rules of the conceptual construction of the word . 
  english on the other has this this kind of metaphorical force . 
  and you 're missing the point that i 'm talking about public perception and not what is objectively the case . 
  britain did get a lot of highly educated europeans , but guess what , pensioners in the north of england did n't see many of those educated europeans . 
  what they saw were poor low skill eastern european workers who were willing to travel out to the rural , and thoroughly unglamorous regions of the uk to fulfil labour shortages in low paying jobs . 
  regions that these pensioners have called home for most of their lives . 
   if you see the overall eu migrants , you 'll see that the group is a net-contributor to the uk economy . 
  this is the point . 
  so while is true that are a few eu citizens that abuse the system , in the overall the `` eu migrants '' group is still a benefit for you . 
  and as i said , most ordinary people are n't very economically literate and also assume the government is trying to use statistics to pull the wool over their eyes , they made their judgement on the basis of what they personally experienced . 
  most of those educated eu immigrants were in london and parts of the south east where the good high paying jobs are centralised , and unsurprising a lot of those regions voted remain . 
  one thing you can say about the brexiteers is that they showed an understanding of how ordinary people relate to their world politically that both the eu and the established british parties failed to grasp . 
  what the fuck are you talking about mate , you 're just ranting . 
  in the uk , the tax threshold is # 10,000 . 
  if you 're something like a trade worker ( e.g plumber ) it 's super easy to do a bit of cash in hand work on the side . 
  even if you 're completely honest . 
  if you earn # 14,000 a year in the uk you take home # 12,687.20 . 
  so if you have tens of thousands of immigrants coming to the uk on low salaries they 're paying only # 1,313 a year into the government coffers . 
  one single night in hospital costs the government more than that . 
  with a situation like this that the argument that eu migrants are mostly detracting from the overall economy becomes highly compelling , especially to ordinary people who let 's face it , are n't very economically literate ( and this is true everywhere not just the uk ) . 
  the eurosceptics were able to the paint freedom of movement as allowing thousands of low earners into the country who , while growing the economy for the super rich , were straining public services by not earning enough to cover the expense of giving them access to public services . 
  what do you think those old british people were thinking when they saw a polish mother with 3 kids sitting in front of them in the waiting room . 
  each child is annually costing the government thousands in education , thousands in healthcare , thousands in child benefits etc. 
  unless that mother is earning an executive salary there 's no way in hell she 's putting in more than she 's taking out . 
  that 's as far as their reasoning goes . 
  the question they asked themselves is `` why should i , who has lived here my whole life and hundreds of thousands in tax over the years , have to wait behind a family that has n't paid more than they 've taken , it 's not fair '' . 
  the absurdity is that you 're getting pissy like i 'm defending brexit , when i 'm not , i 'm just pointing out why it happened . 
   then pls , explain me how if someone broke the law or avoid taxes is the eu fault and not the uk that does n't check these stuff . 
  this is one mistake the eu made which was assuming that they could change britain 's system to one more analogous to most of europe . 
  when in fact , if you gave britain a choice between shift to a governmental system more similar to , say , germany , or leave the eu , britain was always going to choose the latter . 
  britain would sooner leave the eu than stop giving away healthcare on demand without requirements to show paperwork , or introduce mandatory id cards for all residents . 
  these little psychological differences in national character and political disposition were n't accounted for well by the eu or the british government .
