  the uk could do this in most of europe and america before the eu even existed . 
  the only way the eu changed holidaying inside of europe for most europeans was that you could use an id card instead of a passport . 
  the uk does n't have id cards though , so we always use passports when going abroad . 
   you 're confusing free movement of persons with free movement of labor . 
  one does not imply the other . 
  i 'm not . 
  everyone is downvoting you because you are confused , probably because this stuff is new for romanians . 
  from about ww2 onward western europeans have been able to visit each other 's countries and other western countries for holidays without a visa . 
  it 's called a visa waiver . 
  leaving the eu will have no influence on brits ability to holiday anywhere . 
  those rights were established before the eu . 
  no , i do n't . 
  the problem is that for some people it 's the opposite . 
  the notion of a unified european army sends of alarm bells when it comes to the resurrection of military europe . 
   now i know i can use this saying in german as well without sounding embarrassing . 
  are you sure ? 
  pride comes before the fall , you know ? 
  a lot of people i know who are against eu wide defence are against it because they think it 's going to be another gravy train for the eu giving hundreds of people office jobs but achieving nothing that could n't have more easily been sorted by coalition of separate national armed forces . 
  certainly a lot of people have this idea of eu processes being inefficient and slow . 
  well they most likely are flawed from a lot of people 's perspective . 
  greater eu defence cooperation wo n't happen overnight . 
  lots of nonsense there . 
  i 'm sure the americans will benefit from brexit though . 
  i think what he really meant is that there is far more money and security issued wrapped up in anglo-franco military alliance than with the germans . 
  the reality is that uk and france are the major european military powers and this relationship will remain important even in a super hard brexit scenario . 
  while germans invest moderately in the bundeswehr they are , by necessity , a peace keeping force due to the lack of political support for military action . 
  i know we 're all anti-brexit here but some facts are just facts . 
  britain is a more powerful military ally for france than any other european nation . 
  military operations is one of the few areas in brexit negotiations in which britain will have leverage . 
  trust the torygraph to sensationalise it will a brexit supporting angle though . 
   that i should rather be a terrorist , then a fagot to be honest , i 'm not 100 % sure what this sentence means . 
  are they saying that she `` should be a terrorist , rather than a faggot ? 
  '' , because that sounds like they 're suggesting a change in career . 
  they might be saying that she `` should 've been a terrorist , rather than a faggot '' , which suggests he would get better treatment as a terrorist than as a homosexual . 
  however , i think what he really means is they said was something like `` better a terrorist than a faggot '' . 
  i know some other languages use their modal form of `` should '' this way , but english does n't . 
  mate you need to understand that freedom of movement is nothing to do with tourism . 
  americans can freely visit the eu without visas , it 's almost 100 % certain that the uk and the eu will have a similar reciprocal deal after brexit , even in the hardest brexit situation , it does n't make sense for politically allied nations of similar economic wealth to not make these deals . 
  maybe they said that , but they were very much misguided . 
  the idea that the uk wo n't have visa waivers is absurd . 
  eu citizens will still want visa waivers to visit the uk after brexit , it 's important for business as well as tourism , and these things are reciprocal . 
  unless you 've got a criminal record i very much doubt it will affect tourism . 
  same as every week , pinky . 
  hopelessly try to resolve an internal national crisis that is slowly alienating our nation from the global political sphere . 
  to be honest coming from britain it took me a while to figure out why that sentence might be unusual to some . 
  certainly a female vicar with a husband would n't raise an eyebrow here . 
  i mean the vicar of dibley was always looking for love and that was in the 90s . 
  she 's actually having the time of her life , this just how germans show that emotion xd, 
  i hate brexit but i have to admit that this cover is n't as clever as it thinks it is and in many personifies what 's wrong with the remain portion of the population , they come across as smug and thus drive their opposition further into nonsensical beliefs just to spite them . 
  i hate brexit but i have to admit that this cover is n't as clever as it thinks it is and in many personifies what 's wrong with the remain portion of the population , they come across as smug and thus drive their opposition further into nonsensical beliefs just to spite them . 
  big difference between the uk and the rest of europe frankly . 
  europe experienced nationalism and paid the price , the suppression of nationalism is overt and supported by the majority . 
  britain never had nationalism in the same sense , thus the modern attempts to suppress nationalism and encourage people to embrace a more multicultural and globalist ideology as more readily perceived as a conspiracy to undermine the integrity of the nation . 
  leading economic nation is different from leading economic power . 
  honestly i think people just go with whatever is `` most important '' . 
  yes , the us economy is very big , the biggest singular national economy , but it has been for a long time without the exceptional growth of developing economies . 
  the most striking thing about china is the transformation that is underway , from shantytowns and depressing soviet-esque buildings to skyscrapers and sports cars . 
  that 's what really sticks in people 's minds and that what most people will think of when asked a question like this imo . 
  do n't be quick to cry anti-americanism , the reality is that people are overwhelmed with the sense that china is the future and it boggles the mind to think that their population is more than the us and eu put together . 
  worryingly a little bit , yes . 
  german culture is obviously nationalism adverse , but there are a minority who 've used the eu to fill that gap a bit . 
  i mean most people support the eu but i 've met a few that were clearly not `` deep thinkers '' that seemed to be irrationally angry about brexit and other eurosceptic movements in a way that seemed like it was a personal attack on them or their country . 
  it does n't help that the tabloid rags tend to caricature the issues but lean to toward a pro-eu position . 
  actually i think people put more stead in growth than in size . 
  however , big the us is now , it 's only going to decline relatively to the world economy as new markets in asia grow . 
  i bet most people from this polls did n't remotely think about gdp either ppp or nominal , or any other metric , they just went with their gut about which zone they see becoming the more economically significant in the future . 
  so you mindlessly accept his simplistic gloss out of some blind sense of admiration . 
  got you . 
  what does he teach ? 
  canadian ? 
  that sounds like a very simplistic gloss of an incredibly complicated situation . 
  the problem is disneyland paris / eurodisney , or whatever they 're calling it now , is that it 's just a decent theme park outside of paris . 
  they wanted it to be another disney resort like disneyland or disneyworld , where people flock from all over the world for reasonably long holidays there . 
  nobody does that at eurodisney though , at least not in my experience , people go for the day or maybe a weekend . 
  the whole thing has always rung a bit hollow in europe . 
  disney feels at home in the us , trying to transplant the experience to europe removed the magic and authenticity . 
  they 've also run into problems with france 's heavily regulated work culture . 
  i reckon both spain and the uk would 've been better locations . 
  spain would 've had better weather making it more appealing as a resort and the uk would 've had the english speaking culture at least . 
  from what i 've heard hp studios is making fuck tonnes of money , so i 'm not surprised it 's top on trip advisor . 
  plaque . 
  you are correct , do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  only people from these countries ever defend a 1 passport policy , to the rest of the world it seems quaint and antiquated as fuck . 
  until eu citizenship replaces national citizenship the idea of removing it is stupid . 
  what if i 'm an italian who lives in holland but i do n't want to give up my ethnic identity , i 'll forever be a 2nd class citizenship whose rights depend on a breakable agreement between nations . 
  it 's discriminatory and wrong to ask people to forego their ethnic identity just to have citizen rights in your nation . 
  dual citizenship works well in much of the world . 
  it 's only because these countries are so inflexible and slow to embrace modernity that this problem exists in the first place . 
  why should a german , who 's been resident in spain for 20 years get to vote in german elections ? 
  dual citizenship is not the problem here . 
  no problems except for the dach countries and holland , everyone else is fine , perhaps you 're doing something wrong ? 
  seems to be a weirdly nationalistic legacy of disdain for dual citizenship in your nation . 
  frankly , it 's just quaint . 
  funny how the only people who defend this shit are those who live in countries that force people to renounce citizenship . 
  it 's clearly barbaric as fuck , but as ever nationalism  logic . 
  yet in germany and other such countries you 'll find people who 'll defend to the death the most old fashioned and peculiar ways of doing things . 
  americans can have dual citizenship as well . 
  i imagine brits will get a similar deal given that there are already plenty of dual nationals . 
  well , it is kinda true . 
  britain has its own unique problems with racism and xenophobia .
