  it 's not a question of doubt it 's a question of statistics . 
  sure places like ireland and the uk may be slightly less affected , but this is really just a perception issue , it 's not like the probability of terrorist attack in london is particular less than the probability of an attack in berlin . 
  a family member works in tourism and the company they work for looks like it 's going out of business at the end of year because of americans used to make up 35 % of their business , now it 's less than 20 %, 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  americans will not travel when they hear these things in the news . 
  the entire motivation for the anti-eu movement in the uk has nothing to do with facts whatsoever frankly . 
  it 's an ideological thing , people at the bottom end of society having their concept of british exceptionalism eroded . 
  it does n't matter if you show them statistics showing how eu migrants contribute more to the economy than they take . 
  they had one polish neighbour who did n't mow his lawn enough or take the bins out regularly and therefore they 're all scum in their eyes . 
  show them how the uk economy benefits from the eu and stimulates job creation , all they 'll see is the one guy from spain with a better job than he has ( despite the fact the spaniard 's more qualified ) . 
  the people at the bottom have little else than their national pride to take stock in , and now they 're being asked to share their society with people who are n't the same as them . 
  there 's no reasoning with that . 
  you really do need to educate yourself . 
  there 's a reason why the entire business community in the uk wants to stay in . 
  greece was far more to do with the eurozone than the eu , of which the uk is not even a part . 
  yeah you `` have a friend '' , that 's exactly the kind of shit that i 'm talking about . 
  also why is it surprising ? 
  if someone said , i have a friend in the us where there are more black people than white people would that be surprising ? 
  would that be a problem ? 
  there are plenty of schools of in the uk where there are more muslims than christians , but that 's because they 're schools in the middle of heavily pakistani areas ... 
  this is unsurprising . 
  when i think back to the teenage days of my youth it seemed like drugs were way more part of youth culture than they are today . 
  i ca n't speak for the 15-18 year olds these days but i do n't think they 're into the same counter-cultural stuff that was so common in the late 90s and early 2000s . 
  the last time i went to a drum and bass rave ( a few years ago ) the average age was more like mid-20s , while when i used to go back then it was more like 18-20 . 
  the drugs are still around but the expectations of how to use them are not . 
  i think people are just as likely to take mdma or cocaine in the pub nowadays as they are in a big nightclub or rave . 
  also , a attitude that is really common amongst my peers is simply that large scale clubbing is n't that fun . 
  the bars inside them are busy , the drinks are expensive , it feels like there 's an expectation to have fun . 
  also the controlled atmosphere of a big large scale club can make people feel less sociable rather than more so . 
  i see more and more bars now , especially in germany , that attempt to cater for the late night experience . 
  bars that have a club vibe , dance floors , open late , and are ultimately far more friendly and affordable than big corporate night clubs . 
  i mean nobody wants to pay entry fees or cover charges any more when there 's no guarantee of having fun , but you can stop in at one of these bars at 2am and have an equally good experience . 
  no queues , no bouncers eyeing you manically from the corner of the dancefloor , far more chill . 
  in fact , the last time i even went to a proper nightclub was over a year ago , and unsurprisingly it was a disappointment . 
  they used to be seen as cool spaces with a tolerant attitude to party behaviour and recreational drug use but now they 're often just commercialised meat houses , and that does n't appeal to anyone . 
  suppose even with all that wilderness in canada , the areas near to the main population centres are still going to be over fished . 
  sadly , polarised opinion is a product of reddit 's voting system . 
  extreme opinions are always more visible when there are minorities on either side who feel very strongly who will up and down vote and a bunch of people in the middle who are n't sure or only partially bothered by it who wo n't participate . 
  nye in hauptbahnhof was a monumental fuck up . 
  the police chief has stepped down and the police are renewing their efforts to prevent another incident like that . 
  for the most the right things have happened . 
  naturally , extremists on the anti-immigration side took this as a chance to demonstrate , and far leftists who oppose them retaliated leading to some relatively minor scuffles . 
  no different from what happens at protests all over the world with pro and anti campaigners clashing at marches . 
  however , the vast majority of people are completely unaffected . 
  society is continuing as normal . 
  no ordinary people are getting involved . 
  this level of unrest is hardly unprecedented , it 's no different from the protests against the iraq war 10 years ago . 
  this is n't even london riots level chaos . 
  so nobody should be losing their shit about it . 
  in fact its the extremists on both sides who are trying to use it as a vehicles to stir people up and convert them to their opinion . 
  the extreme anti-immigration lot want people to believe that society is close to collapsing under the burden of immigrant criminality because it will pull them to their side , and the far left want people to believe that the discontent of the general public is close to spilling over to a pogrom level of chaos because that will recruit people to their side . 
  the reality in fact far more boring than that . 
  as a foreign resident of cologne the sensationalism i see on both sides of the argument is getting quite annoying . 
  yes , bad things are happening , but the way people talk ( especially people in other countries with no experience of it ) you 'd think society was breaking down . 
  these are individual incidents where the authorities have failed to do their job properly . 
  cologne on the whole is very safe and adequately policed . 
  race war is not going to break out just because a group of immigrants sexually assaulted some women on nye ( as bad as that is ) , nor does a few nazi thugs beating up some foreigners in retaliation mean that the german people are preparing to rise up against the immigrant communities . 
  remember , there are parties with vested interests in making it seem like the world is ending , and an easy way to do this is by claiming things are far worse than they are in a foreign country where you ca n't verify that for yourself . 
  despite everything that 's going on , cologne is still safer than half of birmingham or manchester ... 
   if the holder does n't participate in gun sports for too long he will loose his license . 
  man it must suck having to take part in all those over long stints of gun sports participation just to keep your licence :3, 
  in most of europe you 'll need a fishing licence just to fish in rivers and lakes . 
  sometimes it can cost thousands to get one . 
  also the fine if you 're caught fishing without the licence you can be fined thousands for that . 
  there are usually private places where you can pay to fish without a licence if you 're not so keen on it to warrant spending all the money . 
  the reason for this is over fishing . 
  i know in the uk many species were almost wiped out because of too many people fishing in the same places . 
  remember , much of europe is so densely populated that there is n't enough wilderness for everyone to go around taking from the land . 
  also , you have no right to `` subsistence '' hunting or fishing , because nobody lives far enough away from a supermarket for this to be legitimate justification . 
  no , i 'm not saying people eat more , it means they spend more . 
  before they maybe ate in a sit down restaurant for 5 % of their meals at the cost of 10 euros per meal , and cooked at home the other 95 % of the time and spent 3 euros per meal . 
  now people eat at sit down restaurants 5 % of the time at 10 euros , eat at home 85 % of the time at 3 euros , but get take away 10 % of the time at the cost of 6 euros . 
  people spend more , but they do n't feel bad about it , because they are getting something in return , they are paying for the convenience of not cooking the food themselves . 
  a valuable service has been discovered and created , which adds to the value of the economy of a whole . 
  this creates economic growth because it increases the rate at which money is exchanged . 
  what 's interesting is that when these take outs come to exist it creates jobs meaning that more people have more money on average ( higher employment rate ) , it also creates businesses , these businesses then borrow money and successfully pay it back , which actually creates new money because within modern capitalism borrowed money is n't really taken from someone else , but is created out of thin air when someone borrows it from the bank . 
  provided the money that is lent is successfully paid back at interest , this creates more money without devaluing the money that already exists . 
  if you create money out of nowhere like governments sometimes do when there is a crisis this just contributes to inflation meaning although new money is created , each unit of money loses value , in terms of what it can purchase . 
  however when an economy is growing new money is created and the value of each unit of money stays the same , precisely because the new money reflected added value , and not just new pieces of paper . 
  economies have to grow because the economy is aimed at producing more and more value ever more efficiently . 
  there 's no reason in theory why an economy ca n't infinitely grow , because all it means is we 're becoming ever more efficient at providing goods and services to people . 
  economic growth reflects human creativity and technological efficiency , not a finite pool of resources that will one day run out . 
  the point of it is to stop stagnation , if money is just still i.e if the economy is not based around growth , then the society is not inclined to change in any way , for the most , the rich stay rich , the poor stay poor , new services and products are n't produced as quickly . 
  a different way to add value to the economy however is by immigration , this is because each economically active person within the economy has a value because , they earn money and they spend money , increasing the rate of transactions within the economy . 
  they create demand by simply existing in the country they 're living in , they are paying money for rent and buying food . 
  so whenever you take immigrants into an economy it will grow . 
  that does n't mean anyone will get richer , because the growth might not be enough . 
  for example you have 10 people with 100 euros , they each have an avg . 
  wealth of 10 euros . 
  two new people join , but each only creates 5 euros economic growth per person . 
  meaning you now have 12 people with 110 euros , which means now the avg . 
  wealth is only 9.16 euros even though the gdp of the group is higher than before . 
  good immigration is the kind that increases gdp and increases gdp per capita as well . 
  bad immigration increase gdp but decreases gdp per capita . 
  the two new people should bring at least 10 euros each to the economy , meaning the economy gets bigger and people are just as wealthy as before , or bring even more money than the average , meaning everyone on average gets wealthier . 
  now what you 're saying is completely bonkers , because not even the most pro-immigration person in the world thinks that there is infinite space for everyone . 
  they do not expect immigration to go on forever until 100 billion people in a small country like the netherlands . 
  obviously there is a finite limitation on space and other resources . 
  however the disagreement is on how full we currently are . 
  pro-immigration people tend to think we are able to accommodate a lot more people , which means when we weigh the pros and cons it 's worth taking more immigration , anti-immigration people tend to think that we 're close to full already , and that on the balance of things taking more immigrants will only harm the economy .
