  if they 're fighting each other then who cares . 
  as for violence , my grandparents were part of the war generation . 
  most of them were very nice , very restrained and civilised , and took being so very seriously , even most of the poorest , but if they were working class and you insulted them to their face then they were n't afraid to go outside and fight . 
  at least until they got too old for it . 
  for that generation the threat of someone punching you if you took liberties with them was a reason to be civilised , not an uncivilised behaviour in itself . 
  the difference is that this generation is n't severe like their generation because they do n't fear war like they did , especially because a major war in this day and age pretty much means the apocalypse and we 're all dead anyway , so why worry about it . 
  we are a different generation that is obvious different just as the later generations in other countries are different . 
  in a sense we kept the culture of standing up for yourself and aggressively defending your honour and your property , but a number stopped becoming serious and respectful people that the war generation had to become to survive that era . 
  now if you compare this to somewhere like bavaria with it 's majority catholic culture , where for hundreds of years the whole of society was practically organised around the church , where people were mostly ethnically homogeneous and all centred around the same creed , with the same morality , and the sense of brotherhood and community between people , it 's like night and day . 
  and yes , while it might be more ethnically diverse * now * it 's still very apparent how recent a development this diversity in that culture is . 
  they 're zero tolerance towards civil disorder there but it 's ultimately something the people enforce , not merely the police , because there is a political demand for that kind of civil order and there are people phoning the police , being intolerant towards criminal infractions , and the like . 
  most of europe has never had the kind of cultural freedom as the uk , the uk 's history has created a pluralistic society with different cultures at different tiers of society . 
  in the uk you are free to be a complete fucking idiot and nobody will correct you , it 's your choice to surround yourself with hedonistic drink and drug seekers who will fight and fuck themselves into a life of poverty . 
  sadly these people tend to migrate to ibiza , or malia , or sunny beach or wherever in the summer and fuck your shit up . 
  we ca n't stop them . 
  people in europe could stop them , pass bylaws requiring all nightclubs to shut at 2am except `` private members clubs '' or whatever . 
  raise the price of drinks . 
  come down hard on the businesses that support this culture . 
  they wo n't , however , because there is too much money in this shit . 
  i do n't know what too many foreigners is , as i said i do n't even agree , i 'm just saying what some people in the uk think . 
  i do n't think the problems `` too much immigration '' and `` too little integration '' are exclusive ideas . 
  poorer integration could well be seen as a product of too much in a short period of time . 
  is it a smugness to not be invaded or broken in war ? 
  i think it 's more to do with the fact that britain has always been a liberal somewhat pluralistic culture without an authoritarian society or much of a sense of cultural collectivism . 
  social condemnation is not an effective means of social control in the uk because the people who this stuff only judge themselves by the standards of their communities , and in working class communities reacting aggressively , or even violently , to any perceived affront to your dignity is accepted rather than censured . 
  many people simply feel there are too many foreigners generally and they saw brexit as their way to send that message . 
  i do n't agree but it 's the situation . 
   so immigration is not an issue to the uk ? 
  because it 's still hard ? 
  the reality is that they did grant fewer visas to non-eu immigrants . 
  it 's a tough political position though because the asian vote in the uk is significant and also because even with strict rules you still have to allow family member etc. 
  [ this was filmed four years ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7zvpg3ctok ) . 
  if you say so . 
  as i said , i 'm not condoning the uk 's negotiating strategy , but at the same time acting like there is no precedent for this type of strategy is silly . 
  your analysis , that such strategies only work when you have overwhelming strength might be right , or it might not . 
  i 'd liken it to situation where the uk has a gun to its head but on the other side of the uk 's skull there 's the eu 's stomach . 
  yeah the eu is more likely to survive the shot but it 's not really in anyone 's interest to pull the trigger . 
  it 's been the case for decades . 
  do n't know why it 's `` news '' . 
  maybe some people do n't `` know '' , but nothing significant has changed . 
  russia and america used this policy for decades . 
   if they did they would start by granting less visas to non-eu population . 
  honestly the requirements for non-eu citizens are horrific in the uk . 
  nobody is getting in unless they 're a high earner or have immediate family there . 
  the fact that the uk has a large number of immigrants from non-eu countries did n't help the eu in the referendum you realise ? 
  plenty of indians and pakistanis voted for brexit because they though it would mean the uk could relax the rules for non-eu immigrants ? 
  even as a native briton you need to earn a decent salary before you can even bring your husband or wife into the country . 
   if they wanted to decrease eu population then why the fuck would they stay in the internal market which includes freedom of movement ? 
  you do realise that right now the official policy is that the uk is leaving the internal market ? 
  most of the support for staying in the eea is coming from the remain side , who were never anti-eu in the first place . 
  what they want is a trade deal of some sort that will minimise economic changes , but that does n't equate to eea membership . 
   you mean the highly debunked resettlement programme that went nowhere ? 
  you ca n't deny that there was some support for a shared refugee programme which spooked some british voters , even if nothing came of it . 
  edit : what are idiots downvoting . 
  i 'm just stating facts here . 
  i do n't even support brexit . 
  true , but they do n't do it as often as brits , because the culture is different . 
  i 'm in germany and people are just more law abiding . 
  sure , there are criminals but they 're mostly self interested . 
  they do n't grow up in a culture that sees violence as justifiable in the same sense . 
  pretty sure it 's a tactic that 's been used in negotiations for centuries . 
  i 'm not condoning it but what in this case is this any different . 
  when you 're bartering the buyer starts low and the seller starts high to make the other party feel like they 've succeeded in their goal . 
  this all or nothing approach is n't necessarily helpful though . 
  if we take all to mean complete membership of the eu , and nothing to mean hostile political relationship between the eu and the uk with both parties racing to the bottom to undermine each other economically , compromise starts to look appealing . 
  different cultures . 
  look what happens when a fight breaks out in germany . 
  everyone stands around gawping as if someone had just laid out a steaming turd on the floor . 
  know what brits do ? 
  half go to back to their beers completely uninterested in how much damage idiots want to do to one another and half cheer them on to see who will knock the other one out first . 
  put the question the other way around . 
  why do n't drunk stupid low class icelanders or germans smash two shades of shit out of each other on a friday night ? 
  i doubt it 's because they 're so enlightened they do n't believe in violence and never want to punch each other , it 's probably because they 're afraid of the consequences of their actions in a way that drunk britain 's simply are n't . 
  anyway it 's hardly `` universal '' . 
  the reality is that the people on these holidays are either between the ages of 18 - 23 or they mentally never grew out of this stage of life . 
  i can assure you that the vast majority of brits go abroad and do nothing more egregious than drink a couple too many and stumble back to their apartments or hotels at 2am in the morning spilling half a kebab down themselves , it 's just the ones that go too far that get the attention . 
  people do n't go to these destination for the culture , and so that 's the crowd they attract . 
   the vast , vast majority of our old tourists - v4 , austria , germany , slovenia , italy - i have n't ever heard any particular complaints about them . 
  do the austrians , germans , slovenians , and italians do this shit in their own countries ? 
  nope . 
  do brits ? 
  yes . 
  different cultures behave differently . 
  big surprise . 
  so they take themselves out of the gene pool and one of your veterans goes to prison for a very long time . 
  the reality is that most of europe is a pretty safe to be so they fear being attacked no more than they would in the uk . 
  think it does n't happen in the uk ? 
  i knew a guy who picked the wrong fight in a pub in a uk city and got stabbed to death in the car park . 
  this shit happens , does n't stop people from behaving the way they behave . 
  they are unafraid i 'm afraid . 
  let 's all take a moment to appreciate [ how much british culture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woeyppoblaw ) is premised on the notion of showing you mainlanders what for . 
   nobody goes there to work because they are so fascinated by british culture . 
  why not ? 
  maybe the most successful culture in the history of humanity . 
  i know plenty of anglophile french , germans , and dutch that emigrated to the uk because they like the culture . 
  i do n't think big baz and the ladinators quite appreciate that sentiment . 
  in fact , i do n't think they even care if they get arrested and spend half their holiday sobering up in a prison cell , it 's just more lad points and a story to tell in the pub when they get back after all . 
  it 's not news because we 've heard it all before though and we know that many british tourists cause trouble in the places they visit . 
  thing is you 'd probably also find the high street in my hometown a scary place at 1am on a saturday morning , because this behaviour is normal for many britons . 
  i do n't disagree .
