  one last chance for you . 
   no , they did not vote , and you are being extremely naive or willfully ignorant if you believe a referendum can be held on occupied land under military guard at one week 's notice with no impartial international observers present . 
  i 'm beginning to think you are either completely ignorant or a simple shill who can not veer from his dictated doctrine . 
  perhaps you have heard of the legacy of rome and the romance languages , the vikings and the varangian guard , the celtic cultures of ireland , scotland and france , the seven united provinces , the sagas of weyland , charlemagne and his sons , the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , the auld alliance , carpathia , the hapsburgs , the flight of the earls , the entente cordiale , the alliances , the wars , the marriages , the artists , the patrons , the brothers beyond borders , the ec , the schengen , the eu , the * history * . 
  why am i wasting my time with you ? 
  europe is more tightly knit than any other region on earth . 
  you are shaming yourself with your display of ignorance . 
  you are saying the nations of the eu do n't share a common history . 
  are you educated at all ? 
  no , you can attempt to deflect attention from the key issue all you want , but that just makes it all the more obvious that you accept that you can not defend your arguement and thus it is wrong . 
  so i 'll repeat myself and allow you a second opportunity to defend this point :  no , they did not vote , and you are being extremely naive or willfully ignorant if you believe a referendum can be held on occupied land under military guard at one week 's notice with no impartial international observers present . 
  no , they did not vote , and you are being extremely naive or willfully ignorant if you believe a referendum can be held on occupied land under military guard at one week 's notice with no impartial international observers present . 
  russia 's invasion of a non-aggressive neighbour is absolutely and without equivocation a black mark on it 's history , an international scandal , and a needless cause of death and destabilization in it 's neighbours . 
  it is a wholly shameful act , and the people who defend it should be ashamed of themselves . 
  he got banned from / r/worldnews thankfully . 
  / r/russia too , hilariously . 
  do you like the way he in no way responds to your point and instead links unrelated horseshit ? 
  they were invaded not 5 months ago . 
  i think we can cut them a little slack with the jingoism . 
  oh a svoboda member won the election then ? 
  or svoboda have a majority in government ? 
  or even a sizable amount in government that they can enact pressure with ? 
  like that 'll get us page-clicks . 
  hold on there due diligence i 'll phone up my guy in montreal and get right on this for your lazy ass . 
  i quoted you the piece of the article that directly answered the question you asked because you were too lazy to read the article . 
  well done , you sucessfully said what the * thing * was , after i explicitly quoted a piece of the article that said what the * thing * was . 
  how can the us lecture russia on foreign policy when it allowed one direction to continue unimpeded ? 
  you are absolutely desperate to get anything from this arguement , are n't you . 
  if you are building them for cheaper they are n't the same products . 
  for example , see the chinese automotive industry . 
  go to sweden ya'all / they 're nice to the homeless down in malmo ya'all / they love the homeless, 
  this is like the worst use of sarcasm i 've ever fucking seen . 
  do n't fucking bet on it . 
  the toughest ruler , he said earnestly, 
  russian looks at magic box , amazed when pictures appear , records them as visions of future . 
  gee whiz it 's almost like electing a government exclusively comprised of shit-eating oxbridge bum-chums has left the working class of england perplexed as to why they 're not being properly represented . 
  warmongers in ukraine as opposed to the country that fucking invaded it ? 
  only extremists seek powerful positions - surfing_the_nsa , history person . 
  `` today we received a letter from the icao , which denies all of the statements in the russian mass media that any negotiations between icao and russia on the crimean airspace are being held . 
  the icao again confirmed that crimea is the territory of ukraine , '' burbak said . 
  good to know op 's opinion from the incredibly long title . 
  i know , that 's my arguement bro, 
  i 'm being facetious , i 'm actually on your side, 
  you do understand the concept of sarcasm right, 
  that makes me seem less edgy 'n cool tho i 'm all about edge n ' cool, 
  first you kick them out then you occupy your country , make your mind up russia do you want em or not, 
  top deflecting chief, 
  u may not know this but apparently every bad thing russia ever did was because the us did that thing that time u kno that time, 
  like i 've literally never met a russian poster here who does n't say the maidan protests are illegitimate because they were only 40,000 people in a country of 44 million and that 's not even 1 % see basic math bro , you ca n't fight it , flawless reasoning, 
  yeah but dude do n't u see russia is the victim here ? 
  the west is always ganging up on russia so whatever action russia takes is always justified , okay ? 
  it 's not * russia 's * fault everyone else is dictating their policy 100 % of the time, 
  ur aware thats not happening in this article rite like this is the opposite of that, 
  yo dude let 's leave facts out of this when we can just say shit nobody cares about like crimea was given to ukraine by some dude 80 years ago or w/e, 
   this was a world becoming more unpredictable , he warned , where international law is being ignored , and the potential for conflict growing . 
  but none of that is russia 's fault , you understand . 
  yo just copy and paste that here and it accounts for like 25 % of posters regardless of the topic at hand . 
  zoom . 
  enhance . 
  no in fact , he 's deflecting attention from the debate at hand by pointing at a * different * debate and said `` they did it first '' despite the fact that the first event held absolutely zero authority over the second . 
  russia is uniquely under the world 's eye at the minute because of it 's own actions and it has insistently attempted to paint the weaker nation-state which it has invaded and cannibalized as a bunch of nazi-sympathizing right-wing lunatics unfit for government . 
  common sense says it owes a duty of care as a player on the world stage and * assumedly * as a nation that cares about it 's diplomatic ties and image abroad to carefully manage it 's own image in the aftermath of this . 
  instead it subsumes private media outlets and pushes out dozens of books arguing for yet more jingoism against those nazi ukranians out to get poor defenseless rus - oh my fucking god i 'm tired of typing this again and again . 
  fucking grow up . 
  whataboutisms are the resort of children and petty politicians . 
  i ca n't defend my actions on moral or ethical grounds so i 'll point at the other kid and say `` he did it first . '', 
  if russia had a teacher she 'd pull down your fucking shorts and spank you . 
  god damn it it is unbelievable that grown-ass-men are trying to defend invasion like this in 2014 with the wealth of information on the whole scenario as freely available from any number of sources as it is !, 
  yeah it 's not like they 've invaded the country they 're trying to paint as nazi 's or anyt - * ohmygodwaaaaaaaaait *, 
  hey , guess what , if people keep accusing you of using whataboutisms you should probably stop using whataboutisms . 
  i mean , that 's if you actually want a debate and not just to soothe your own ego . 
  no , this is n't how it is done everywhere , because elsewhere ( and using your us election season as an analogy ) you will find umpteen books arguing * the other side of the story . 
  * we have n't seen * any * of that here . 
  it takes even less time if they * are n't * done by professionals , as one imagines the case is here . 
  oh of all the petty last-wordisms . 
  i was n't aware they had to make a case to russia . 
  the idea that one of the most paranoid and close-minded poster on reddit could be proselytizing to others about acceptance is mind-bending in it 's hypocrisy . 
  the idea that he 's doing it in a response that has nothing to do with the original post is 100 % / u/vigorous modus operandi . 
  you did n't post google results , but i 'll humour you and state the obvious : the link you posted does n't treat the eu as a single entity , so of course russia seems the dominant trade partner . 
  no , / u/alecs _ stan explained a complicated topic rather effectively to you , but all you want to do is twist statements to your own propaganda anyway . 
  do n't feed the shill , people . 
  you are dealing with a creepy shill who ca n't argue any points dude . 
  i almost guarantee his reponse to you wo n't have anything to do with what you actually said , and will contain a random link from some pro-putin blog . 
  giant `` do n't care '' , you 're still a brainless shill . 
  you really need to stop posting and let some intelligent russian commentators adopt a pro-russia arguement , because every time you open your mouth you do huge damage to the russian point of view on reddit . 
  i mean , when i have mods from / r/russia ( where you 've already been banned from ! ), 
  posting ( not private messaging , posting ! ), 
  asking why you have n't been banned , maybe that means you should step back and stop being so ... vigorous . 
  oh my god i ca n't believe an actual grown man is saying piddle . 
  you are clearly not a russian ; anyone who 's learned english would know not to say these words . 
  jesus christ i 'm cringing just reading you . 
  that follows from what i 've seen him post . 
  he 's not shy about resorting to personal attacks . 
  i 'll remember that if he ever sends me anything . 
  * that perfectly fits my image of him , oh my god . 
  yep , it was . 
  illegal , unethical , and it will damage russia for decades to come at home and abroad . 
  he 's already been kicked out of / r/russia and / r/worldnews , but i suppose some mods are nervous about being seen to be anti-russian ? 
  but the guy insists he 's canadian even though all he posts about is how stephen harper is a worse leader than vladimir putin . 
  i 've been told by a bunch of mods to message them about him rather than just hitting the report button , so that 's what i 'll do from now on .
