  i 'd say go to switzerland but i doubt you could afford the cost of living . 
  christ , this is grim . 
  many are ethnically russian and seek increased autonomy , as opposed to absorption into the rufed . 
  it 's possible to be ethnically one thing and perfectly content being part of another , said the guy from the uk . 
  regardless of that , the invasion and occupation of crimea is illegal by both ukrainian and international law , thus it must and shall be returned . 
  there 's no way around that . 
   hopefully this is the start of the end for the eu . 
  good lord , feel free to leave whenever you like . 
  i doubt you 'll be missed . 
  look i 'm just a simple moisture-farmer who do n't know nothing about nothing about no guns , but what i wants to know is why , with all this talking of jamming and whatnot , are n't we supplying our troops with god-damned * lazer-cannons * already ? 
  it 's 2015 !, 
  it 's the future !, 
  hail to der kaiser , baby . 
  or whatever the german equivalent of baby is . 
   arbeitssicherheit  verordnung i swear some of you people are just making these up . 
  that 'd be nice , yeah . 
  sure we can . 
  there we go , answered . 
  then go and be a yank-hating romanian . 
  i 've already filed you away as having an agenda , but i 'll humour you ; there 's probably more to the only extant decision to use nuclear armaments in human history in the bloodiest war in human history than a line and a half quote from a website you found . 
  but whatever , if you want to be a self-hating yank then go on and be a self-hating yank . 
  that is exactly a strawman . 
  you are making an arguement into something it is n't so you can easily dismantle it . 
  by all accounts and sources the ija was going to fight to the death , and encourage it 's citizenry to fight to the death , in a prolonged conflict over the home islands . 
  judging by the ferociousness and integrity of the ija during the conflict in the pacific theatre , that 's exactly what would 've happened . 
  if you want to play games that 's your lookout , just do n't expect me to take you seriously . 
  top tier in the cold war is not top tier today . 
  now that i think about it were n't there massive c&c problems against the tiny georgian army ? 
  i remember it embarassed them to have that get out . 
  do n't lable people who disagree with you as apologists , it does n't paint you in a good light , particularly when the following statement does nothing to refute the simple facts that , once again , the russian-backed rebels instigated the war . 
   they just say it was about time georgia recovered its territory , did n't work out very well did it ? 
  i 've no idea what you are doing here . 
  a government recaptures territory held by rebels and then a much larger neighbour illegally attacks . 
  i 'm not sure what else you are expecting to hear . 
  is n't the russian military famously outdated and lacking ? 
  pretty much all they 've got going for them is their size and their boy supporting them in the kremlin . 
  against an obscenely aggressive russia that 's flooding media outlets online and on their televisions with anti-western rhetoric ? 
  highly , highly doubtful . 
  georgian peacekeeping troops were also in the region , and per the wiki page , came under fire from russian-backed rebels , which instigated the war . 
   as the soviet union weakened in early 1991 , the soviet georgia declared independence as the new state of georgia . 
  amidst this backdrop , a 1991 -- 1992 war between georgia and separatists in the south ossetia region ** left parts of that region under de facto russian-backed and internationally unrecognised separatist control . 
  ** [ 30 ] after the war was halted , a joint peacekeeping force of georgian , russian and ossetian troops was stationed in the region . 
  [ 31 ] meanwhile , a similar situation developed during 1992 -- 1993 in the georgian region of abkhazia . 
  [ 32 ] after a prolonged lull , relations between georgia and russia began to worsen in april 2008 . 
  [ 33 ] [ 34 ] ** ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august , ** with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers in the region . 
  [ 35 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] georgia launched a large-scale military operation during the night of 7 -- 8 august , [ 38 ] recapturing most of tskhinvali in hours . 
  [ 39 ] the georgian government said it was responding to attacks on its villages in south ossetia , [ 40 ] and that russia was moving non-peacekeeping units into the country . 
  [ 41 ] and they continue to illegally occupy the region . 
  so again , russia is using the flimsiest of paper shields to validate it 's aggression against a weaker state . 
  ... bugger all of us agree . 
   `` 250.000 men women of children dieing are better then 500.000 of our soldiers dieing '' that 's one hell of a strawman , dude . 
  the reasoning given for dropping the bombs , which have been constantly painted by the yanks as a grim moment in their history and a necessary evil , was that the imperial japanese army was prepared to fight to the last man to protect their home islands , and that they were disseminating orders to the general populace to do so as well . 
  given the tenacity of the ijn that was probably what was going to happen . 
  well i mean no , no we do n't . 
  i do n't think there 's much likelihood of anyone finding an allied commander guilty of war crimes this far after his death . 
  i think many people in the courts are still patting themselves on the back after the whole `` okay , the gays helped out and did their part too '' ruling from a while back . 
  if they 're prepared to use nukes against us i sure hope they 're prepared to see moscow burn in nuclear fire . 
  ** this just in : we 've got them too , you bald fascist shortarse . 
  arthur harris is n't mentioned in this article , but regardless , he actually is considered a war criminal by some . 
  he 's greek , it 's the pit of tartarus for him !, 
  charles martel ; the ramsay snow of the real world . 
  there is a chance of literally anything happening . 
  there is a chance a melon is elected as his successor . 
  see this guy gets it . 
  because it plays into the hollywood-style narrative that a lot of people seem to have that there are no reasonable russian politicians , i guess . 
  i 'm serious . 
  aside from the oligarchs there are obviously people who are * actually * concerned with improving their country . 
  people like to trot out '' ... and then it got worse '' as some weird narrative that russians are different from normal people in that they do n't * want * these things that other people do . 
  hopefully he 's dead . 
  he said , * saying-what-we 're - all-thinkingly . 
  the idea that the rest of the world would accept that the rebels suddenly found an airforce and a troop-base skilled enough to pilot it is a stretch . 
  dear god you are such an american . 
  pretty dark , bro . 
  i just flat-out disagree with this , predicated on the assumption that russia 's escalation from us arming ukraine is them openly invading , which would then respond with us coming in to kick their aged army out . 
  no offence , but your language scares the shit right out of me . 
  it is still unreasonably inaccurate given the high-profile people they are chronicling . 
  i hate wolf blitzer as much as the next wasp but i ` monna call you out on that one . 
  man you 're just a flat-out retard , are n't you ? 
  `` secret . '', 
   i have no personal feelings towards you whatsoever . 
  then goes on to say  you think that the only reason we have n't been invaded yet is because of our locality to britain . 
  you think that we should be grateful and/or increase our military efforts . 
  you lare projecting in a massive way and putting words in my mouth so you can strawman your way to an easy arguement that you do n't want to have in the first place . 
   want a foreign military presence in ireland . 
  lord have mercy . 
  ... what ? 
  who are we putting on a 5 pound note now ? 
  well , i mean , it was so obvious . 
  i 'm just surprised it took someone this long to say it out loud . 
   you are one harmless individual if you believe that because more than one person disagreed with you , that there must be a conspiracy . 
  this sentence does n't make sense . 
  if you want to paint me as a terrible red-eyed monster so you can validate your ignoring reality that 's your own lookout . 
  i 'm not really interested in dealing with someone so hung up on his own prejudices . 
   it is not 100 years since the man our neighbours currently plan to put on a five pound note commanded his dogs to set our cities - ostensibly , their cities too - ablaze . 
  what ? 
  check `` ye '' inferiority complex at the door and deal with reality . 
  the uk is your largest trading partner and the most important one for diplomacy and military protection . 
  you might n't like that , but heck , there 's probably a lot of stuff you do n't like . 
  hopped all the way onto an alt account to support yourself huh ? 
  sorry , france .
