  no province , including the donbas area ever even held a referendum on increased autonomy nevermind independance like crimea did . 
  it 's just baffling to believe that it happened organically . 
  it 's sheer willful foolishness . 
  no arguement here . 
  what 's that about hitler reducing the length of the war though ? 
  what does your personal relation have to do with either kaliningrad seceding to germany or the donbas seceding to russia ? 
  that was rhetorical , the answer is nothing . 
  russia rousing and sponsoring a secessionist movement does not lend it legitimacy . 
  because it 's russia performing contra . 
  go team . 
  soviet tyrant stalin would have had his country destroyed and the earth salted without direct aid from the uk and us , never mind the fact that he had his best officers shot because the voices in his head told him to . 
  i think we should help them repel an invasion and state-sponsored insurgency first before we start griping about the organ of state , personally speaking . 
  well , that 's where you go to meet him allright . 
  pretty much . 
  a divided europe only helps moscow and harms us . 
  breaking the union man , that 's the goal . 
  that 's why it wo n't work . 
  hell , i 've been saying for months to increase the sanctions on the political and financial elite to bring them to the table with good faith , instead of letting them continue with actions that harm us like this and pretend we do n't know what they 're trying to do to the eu . 
  haha , wow . 
  that 's the most disengenous thing i 've read all day . 
  no dude you do n't get it , * trolling * though . 
  * trolling though dude . 
  * so in summary sending military subs unannounced into the middle of another country 's biggest city is totally okay . 
  learn the words . 
  i 'll somehow have to weather the fire of your disaproval . 
  he 's making a nonsense arguement and you are corroborating it . 
  i 'm pretty sure `` you 're right , orthodoxy is unfairly represented and we are painted as terrorists by the state '' is more than one word . 
  well i mean , i know my audience . 
  if you do n't like attacks on your character , then do n't attack my character once your highschool-level history arguement has been ridiculed . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't hear you over me being much richer than both of your parents . 
  the conflict was empirically settled at the [ peace of riga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_of_riga ) where both polish and soviet russian/soviet ukrainian borders were settled , you halfwit . 
  regardless of the fact that the red army 's actions in poland were * far , far * in excess of any humane qualifications of wartime actions , nevermind postwar occupations . 
  so the idea that you would n't * `` feel bad '' * about that makes me think you 're a very unstable person . 
  you want me to explain european history to you in the context of it 's ethical decisions and ramifications in order to refute your freshman-style obsession with realpolitik . 
  i just want to make sure that 's a real question that an adult person is asking me . 
  i just need to make sure i 'm not suddenly back in high school history and dealing with a lazy student whose pride wo n't allow him to believe he is wrong . 
  i 'd rather be a law grad with a serious interest in european history than a poor history student . 
  * oh god my heaaaaaaaad *, 
  you can see why this is n't a strong arguement , right ? 
  a ludicrous one , even . 
  the opinions of college grads are seldom grounded in anything as empirical as reality . 
  * smooooove . 
  i 've got a cold and ca n't stop reading this as the crown of mandingos . 
  because people who do n't know anything about the finances of either country think they have an interesting point of reference . 
  ... a war that ended 20 years before the outbreak of world war 2 ? 
   yes lethargyc i see you are completely correct , but i 'm just too insecure to admit it so please , do n't think less of me when i try to deflect attention from my preposterous claim . 
  no problem , / u/argueforthesakeofit , as long as you know you were wrong then that 's what matters . 
  so the history you were brought up with has been revealed to be wrong and now you are lashing out against it . 
  shocker . 
  oh who am i kidding , you just said * trash mobs . 
  * you 're an out of work self-hating american college grad . 
  one of you is arguing well , and one of you is just arguing on the internet . 
  you 're the former . 
  considering they would have collapsed 2 years into the war without american and british aid - ** wrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrong . 
   but show me a european power before the 1960s which cared about such things like independence and justice . 
  this is such a childishly cynical view of politics . 
  ... what ? 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  of course history 's consequences educate our view of it , and regardless of that it was still predicted well before it 's collapse that the ussr would fall . 
  the ussr was in no way a sustainable body in a world where other current and emerging superpowers existed , though . 
  what 'd he do ? 
  he 's almost completely forgotten . 
  he 's an ultranationalist who has used religion as a justification for his continued occupation of ukraine . 
  it 's the state religion . 
  is it meant to be surprising that he 's praising it ? 
  the fast show had a regular segment about this . 
  i always thought the country they were lampooning was vaguely hispanic rather than vaguely european though . 
  * scorchio !, 
  well , we are very well dressed , after all . 
  i do n't see sharpe on this map . 
  what 's sjw ? 
  the road to rustlemania begins now , friend !, 
  do n't engage him , he legitimately thinks he can overturn established facts with his opinion . 
  they really need to be more careful with this title . 
  of course people are going to think they are talking about the russian sub incident . 
  literally ignoring facts . 
  this is why holland is so feared in the world today . 
  wow so this guy is * actually * just a whiny teenager . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't hear you over all those sour grapes you 're eating down there . 
   i 'm willing to bet that if you went on moscow streets and asked people about this , 90 % + would say something like this never happened . 
   the white washing done by russian propaganda , about russian actions in wwii and after is incredible . 
  they were no better than nazi germany , to many countries they were far far worse . 
  paging / u/wearebrics to this thread . 
  hell , it even got a shout-out on * archer * this season . 
  although it was in the context of archer mistaking ireland for an axis power , which would 've made the war ... different . 
  do n't worry chum , / u/nilbop is actually from northern ireland , so he 's got our military behind him !, 
  look at that !, 
  now you have to deal with the fact that you are provably incorrect instead of trying to deflect onto some petty bullshit !, 
   both of which are shitholes filled with corruption , crime and death . 
  bit harsh . 
   nah , i 'll rather live in the uk . 
  even if we are a part of the eu , i wo n't move to another country based upon my ideological beliefs . 
  fair enough , do n't expect people to respond positively when they share different beliefs and you are advocating the end of theirs . 
   because all who oppose the eu are poor working class scum . 
  hopefully you do n't spill the eu subsidized wine all over your copy of the guardian . 
  switzerland has a high standard and cost of living . 
  try not to take everything so personally . 
  we 're part of the eu chum . 
  serbia 's thattaway , russia 's a bit farther to the east . 
  both are fine destinations if you do n't want to join in with us .
