  no , we assume it 's the ** rebels ** backed by the russians because of the evidence against them . 
  if this is sarcasm it 's really well disguised . 
  if it is n't , holy fuck . 
  wish we 'd do this too , being frank . 
  good on you polan . 
  it 's almost like they 're full of shit . 
  that 's an amazing story , is there a wiki link or something ? 
   now where did we put that super-mega-ultra death laser that supposedly melted tanks ? 
  check the gippos . 
  you have a really flawed understanding of right-wing nationalist politics . 
  generally incursions into sovereign territories are not `` justified '' by any means . 
  and where have either of these people demonstrated support of putin ? 
  that 's political suicide . 
  yes those traditionally anti-war right-wing types . 
  jesus christ apparently the kgb are just * lousy * at not getting discovered . 
  watch rt come out with an opinion on gay polish donkeys . 
  well he 's going to get a big surprise when he tries something on poland or the baltics , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  e : romania too , it 's just so * far * from him . 
  * that 's * the one !, 
  hell of an illuminating read . 
  i 've seen people asked both these questions on tv , not sure where you are that they did n't do this . 
  that 's a false equivalency but yes i fully condemn the actions of loyalist paramilitaries , hardline unionist governments , gerrymandering , the shankhill butchers , bloody sunday and the whitewashing of it , the birmingham 6 ; all of that . 
  it was all a big fucking embarassment and i fully condemn it all . 
  dude if they were beheading people in front of the world , banning girls from education and toppling governments fuck yeah i 'd be out in the streets with a sign saying fuck westboro . 
  if someone asked me what i thought about the westboro baptist church i would n't hesitate to call them a bunch of festering fucking cunts who do n't represent me in any way , and * they * have n't beheaded anyone . 
  there 's not going to be any attack you fucking far-mongering suits , do n't use this as a cover for increasnig your own powers, 
  ** everyone in crimea wants to be russia , they are so happy here , child juggle dog , much hats on faces **, 
  and if you post this in / r/russia all you 'll get is people saying that the us does the same thing ( ??? ), 
  instead of actual concern about living in 1984 . 
  consistently split but leaning towards maintaining the status quo . 
  no surprise there . 
  `` hey , do you want these invading dudes to rule you ? '', 
  is n't a convincing arguement . 
  dude someone posted a link to the wiki on the rules that govern actions between thieves ( ca n't remember the exact term right now ) and the * vor * who govern russia 's criminal world and it was such a freaking eye-opener into the culture . 
  it 's like 400 % posturing . 
  the most depressing thing is there is a thread in / r/russia about this right now and half the posters are like `` lol we should send in the tanks those finns ca n't take a joke j/k '', 
   and being an asshole wo n't solve anything . 
   i did n't know that everyone one here apparently has no ability to detect sarcasm and thinks that the downvote button meant `` i disagree with your opinion . '', 
   my god , you 're an idiot . 
  i 'm not going to be wasting my time talking to someone as dull as you . 
  i should probably already know this but what are the economic requirements for joining the eu ? 
  actually is there just like a list of requirements ? 
  maybe for a state coming from roughly analogous circumstances like poland ? 
  jesus christ shut up already you moron . 
  i ca n't believe you are complaining about being downvoted for disagreeing with someone * while obviously downvoting the guy you are disagreeing with . 
  why does this guy keep doing that, 
  i can only imagine what these guys are going through , putting their lives on the line against an enemy that noone will admit is there . 
  bit late on that one ukko . 
  they couldnt stop willie if they tried . 
  this is kind of what i assumed glasgow always looked like , except with less dudes taking a piss . 
  it is because its inferring that the catholic church had a greater role in setting irish policy than simply being the religion of the majority of the people . 
  its complete hogwash and had nothing to do with unionists decision to stay in the uk , because the northern irish unionists gave no input into that decision . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  props to polan . 
  this guy gets it . 
  ya'all can be a swishy-washy as you want , i wo n't be taking the high road . 
  this gets it exactly right , the ongoing scottish referendum is the child of a peaceful society that respects the rights of it 's peoples and the rule of law , and the theft of crimea was a land grab by an uncaring state that wants to secure it 's holdings on the black sea and blatantly does n't care about others . 
  come at me , whataboutists and apologists . 
  okay , now your country is invading a neighbour and you 've volunteered to talk to the world 's cameras . 
  try again . 
  this is actually a really interesting video , thanks for posting it . 
  you have n't given a reason for his dismissal yet . 
  nevermind whether or not this supposed reason would be more or less believable than the one presented in the article , which * is * believable because moscow is heavily engaged in an image war with it 's own people and those of the world . 
  that 's not a reason , that 's just saying bryansk is corrupt . 
  this is a man putin put in power not half a year ago in a high-profile region . 
  he did n't dismiss him because bryansk has n't changed it 's shittiness index . 
  okay , what part about the report is propaganda ? 
  did putin * not * dismiss his governor ? 
  did he * not * dismiss him because he allowed anti-war protests ? 
  were there no anti-war protests at all ? 
  enlighten us , from your advantageous seat in byransk . 
   as mentioned already , the first minister of wales has specifically come out against a currency union with scotland . 
  the idea that this is some english preference is simply not true . 
  i 'm sorry i seem to be dealing with someone who 's denying the primacy of westminster and the city in all things british so i 'm just going to take a step back and maybe photograph him for posterity . 
   it is n't clear that it is in the best interests of trade between both nations . 
  where is your evidence for that ? 
  so you would stymie border trade to spite the scots and the english businesses that trade north of the border ? 
  that 's an interesting platform to run on , let 's see if it works . 
   also , a currency union is more about trade , it is also about the taxpayers of one nation being liable for the debts of systemically important financial institutions of another nation . 
  no , that 's a bizarre interpretation of a situation where two or more states share the same currency to suit your own ends . 
  the fact that you 've twisted `` share the same currency '' to `` we take on scottish debt '' speaks volumes . 
  if only we in the south did n't have to take on the northern debt while we 're at it , right ? 
  that 'd be best for us down here , and damn everyone else who works in these areas and trades elsewhere . 
  fuck you , got mine . 
  great policy platform . 
   the pounzone could be even less stable than the eurozone as ruk and iscotland are moving apart , whereas the nations of the eurozone are meant to be moving together . 
  compared to the splits that have historically gone on in europe the secession of scotland from the uk would involve an enormous amount of paperwork and little else , including little change in trade , political policy or diplomacy , and you are being willfully misleading to suggest otherwise . 
   not really . 
  if iscotland wants independence i will be delighted for them . 
  not offering them a currency union is n't punishing them . 
  they can do fine with their own currency as many nations round the world do . 
  i feel like i 'm retreading ground here so i 'm just going to stop . 
  we refer to we , the english , the kings and queens of this little kingdom . 
  if you argue disingenuously expect to be called on it . 
   because i 'm living in bryansk and in this case i can 100 % be sure you are paid shill . 
  * intelligence . 
  i 'm sorry , are you implying that the putin regime is n't acting in the best interests of it 's citizens ? 
   there is no obligation of ruk to enter into a currency union with iscotland . 
  there is no obligation , but it 's in the best interests of trade between both nations . 
  what you are doing is advocating pettiness because the scotland is showing that being in the uk might not be in it 's best interests , and you 'd like to punish it for it .
