  which is frankly an embarassing stance to take in this day and age . 
   also , please do n't confuse ruk with england , oh do n't be so obtuse , we run the country and there 's absolutely no way to dispute that . 
  a reasonable account that we 're going to downvote because * inglund *, 
  sounds like the actions of a reasonable man interested in his citizens . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  it 's relevant because you do n't have the balls to attach the stigma of your nonsense opinion to your main account . 
  hey guess what buddy , if you run the country you get called out on it 's shortcomings . 
  maybe that 's different where you live , `` totally france and not england '', 
  `` britannia '' says the frenchman . 
  it 's weird that the guardian has taken this stance about the whole thing . 
  ahhhhh, 
  i 'm uh , i - a mess ? 
  it 's a mess ? 
  that 's slightly better in a final fantasy kind of way but what 's the deal with * that * name ? 
  well i mean , how many us or french nuclear-powered ships have ever become environmental disasters ? 
  is the nuclear power-source even likely to * result * in a disaster ? 
  those are all good , but the queen elizabeth ? 
  the prince of wales ? 
  they 'll be the fleet 's flagships for decades and they sound like carribbean cruise-liners for over-65 's ,, 
  i 'm counting the day-glo 's as uniforms . 
  wait is this really a thing ? 
  we do n't have planes to put on them ? 
  you guys seem to know your stuff ; how does the ole ' royal navy stack up against the best of the rest today , and what 've we got planned to really show gerry what we 've got ? 
  wait why are n't our big floating death ships nuclear powered ? 
  what the fuck do they run on ? 
  referendums ? 
  god we have the worst fucking names for our big floating death ships . 
  bodhrans , in the deep . 
  shhh , no crazy now , only downvotes . 
  the one that is n't actually a police force . 
  next question ? 
  come on i 'd go fucking crazy if someone posted a camera phone video of some german dude busting out an easel and paint and painstakingly drawing a random arab with a beard just to antagonize these tossers . 
  i dunno , personally speaking i do n't think you should be able to wear any kind of uniform that might lead the public to believe you are a state-backed police force when in fact you are not . 
  doubly so when you are going around telling people not to drink . 
  wait , hold on . 
  a few hours ago they denied all knowledge of the estonian counter-intelligence guy , now they are admitting they took him a few hours later ? 
  and after it was documented that said agent was taken * across the border * they claim he was on russian territory ? 
  what the fucking - * fuck * , russia ? 
  it would be a start if * we * stopped with the whole neutrality thing . 
  the uk has just a * smattering * more political and military clout than the three remote-controlled hang-gliders in the irish air-force . 
  so you 've just conceded every point to him but still think you 're right . 
  okay then . 
  those facts are so fucking twisted you could jump rope with them , `` you fucking idiot . '', 
   lol . 
   irish neutrality caused ferguson riots . 
  oh my god you are precious . 
  i 'm going to frame this comment and post it in every thread you are in . 
  it 's magical . 
  it 's wonderful . 
   how about do n't join a union with a mutual aid clause if you will not provide aid . 
  honestly kid stop talking now . 
  you plainly know nothing about the function of the eu and it 's organs and are just a weird teenage bigot . 
  haha , wow , today in `` got no ideas but i 'll blame the irish for my shortcomings in america '' nah for real bring your a game next time you witless little tosser , it 's like giving shit to a teenager here . 
  do you seriously not know what the word means because it 's got three syllables ? 
  i 've got time to let you go look it up . 
  and here he is , still going , with the bigotry still showing . 
  haha , wow , today in `` getting the last word and abandoning your dignity in america '', 
  glad you could follow the nuances of `` you are a spunkmagnet '' compelling narrative . 
  driven and rich . 
  this is a complicated point so bare with me you might need to give it some serious though : you should n't have said anything because your opinions have turned out to be fucking moronic . 
  who cares what you think ? 
  do you seriously think people are unaware of what nations hold a position of military and diplomatic neutrality ? 
  it 's not fucking hard to look up you high-school history spewing twat . 
  grow some real opinions and come back when you get finished with the most moronic crusade anyone 's ever seen . 
  * oooh the irish were neutral in ww2 * fuck me sideways . 
  have we considerd harnessing the greatest power of all : love, 
  he wants to look good for his inaugural photo as grand wizard of scotland . 
  who cares we 're taller than the chinese and thinner than the americans . 
  have you considered having your president given the tony soprana treatment ? 
  ireland with it 's vast sphere of influence . 
  get the fuck out you mong . 
  look man the numbers are doing the `` up '' thing that 's all she cares about . 
   military background somehow gives , how to say it ? 
  upper hand in dismantling and transporting industrial equipment , ... that makes perfect sense ? 
  military trained personnel would absolutely be able to teamwork , dismantle and ship heavy equipment faster than a bunch of random truck drivers . 
  it kinda is mate . 
  you have n't said anything apart from `` military truck drivers '' and `` industrial equipment . '', 
  what i 'm saying is if the city intimated that they wanted to stay in the eu then there would be no brexit referendum at all . 
  cgpgrey would be rolling in his grave listening to you . 
  y' know , if he were n't being kept alive by the coffee . 
  you are coming off as super butthurt that turkey is n't in europe btw, 
  i can only assume you are getting downvoted because people think you 're taking the piss . 
  for the uninitiated , the celtic/rangers thing is a * very * real divide . 
  so this is a ... good thing ? 
  i 've had the most frustrating arguements with posters on this very forum about how exactly the uk is supposed to protect it 's interests in the yearrs to come , with the emergence of brazil , china and india as superpowers , if they remove themselves from the eu , to absolutely no good response . 
  assumedly the city will always be around forever and ever , and the city will look after all of england 's children . 
  task 1 : find switzerland . 
  what do you mean ? 
  anything that threatens the primacy of the city will not be tolerated . 
  you can absolutely bet your bottom dollar on this . 
  why would scottish banks leave scotland ? 
  he 's ... not doing that at all ? 
  we live in an age where coverage of conflicts is constant , in-depth and readily accessible . 
  absolutely no-one subscribes to the mentality you just described . 
  you 've been banned from this forum , / r/canada , / r/russia ( twice ) , / r/worldnews , / r/mh17 and / r/unitedkingdom after * one day . 
  * i 'd really take a moment to review your posting style and the content of your posts before making personal attacks on other people . 
  i 'm not sure what poster you are looking at , because when i check / u/vigorous ' history , and i 've been following him for a * while * , i see nonsense propaganda sources and pseudo blogs like the moon of alabama and the shaker , and * these * are the posts he attacks people over . 
  per wikipedia :  the west condemned russia for its actions . 
  [ 56 ] through mediation by president of france nicolas sarkozy , the parties reached a preliminary ceasefire agreement on 12 august . 
  [ 57 ] russia recognised abkhazia and south ossetia on 26 august .
