  how * dare * they drink more beer than us * flexes muscles to reveal rule britannia tattooed on chest * * poisons self by guzzling a bathtub of carling *, 
  between him , clegg and miliband all resigning back-to-back it 's like christmas has come early . 
  of course we 'll stay . 
  we want to stay , our politicians want to stay , our businesses want to stay . 
  it 's fear-mongered idiots afraid of bigots taking their jobs that even raised this question in the first place . 
  it 's not even an issue . 
  this silly and tired narrative was raised for political capital , and in the case of this ever going to referendum the result will be embarrassingly one sided for staying . 
  let 's not let all this rationality get in the way of the fantasies of idiots and bigots now , eh ? 
  hey llanita , had to roll another account , eh ? 
  why 's that ? 
  voting for a party that 's against leaving the eu is a strange way of showing support for leaving the eu !, 
  i 'm saying it 's irrelevant . 
  you make it sound like we 're about to be attacked by a balrog . 
  * shhh !, 
  that 's not what the tabloids are saying !, 
  we 're not , really , this is a response to fear-mongering tabloid journalism , the nationalistic wet-dreams of a few that find little basis in the real world , and pants-pissing politicians who were terrified of losing their jobs to the bigot party . 
  if this goes to a referendum , everyone will be for staying . 
  because of * course * they would be . 
  abject terror of losing votes to ukip based upon a rising tide of nationalism ? 
  nor are anecdotes and vagaries . 
  irrelevant . 
  i do n't care if it 's fair , the entire idea of a brexit is ludicrous tabloid and bigot-waffle . 
  if they ca n't spend on the level of their opponents , fantastic . 
  if they wanted to hold a let 's hang all dogs referendum i would n't want to give the slimy fucks equal footing with the no party . 
  mhmm yes i see fuck off . 
  there 's only one corrupt shithole here and he just wo n't fuck off . 
  on the other hand , you can fuck right off . 
  yeah , that sucks man . 
   they did report that the russians disrupted flights in uk/ireland airlanes though . 
  ... which they * did . 
  i 'm tired of this self-pitying narrative . 
  the us was painted exactly the same way during their invasion of iraq and afghanistan . 
  the difference is the yanks had more dignity in dealing with it . 
  the world : the rts game . 
  considering this entire war is one push from russia to grab land from what it considers a serf-state , your stance of appeasement is cringeworthy . 
  uh-huh . 
  uh-huh . 
  we get it , you 're a troll . 
  uh huh . 
  what about homosexual bears ? 
  interesting interpretation !, 
  let 's see if it plays out that way !, 
  well you 're still a jackass . 
  hands are tied . 
  i had gippos wander in my backyard , once . 
  a bloo bla bloo sally sensitive ca n't take it when people call him out for being a jackass a bloo bla bloo, 
  - michael scott . 
  to the surprise of * no-one . 
  you 're thinking of b ** e ** ars . 
  jesus christ i ca n't believe this is a real thing that happens . 
  where 's asterix and obelix ? 
  and you managed to type all that with a stick up your ass . 
  and that 's just more sign of it . 
  you prefer to make it easy for people but you ca n't do a little googly-doodly on your own ? 
  that really was such a meaty post that you had to break it up into 3 to swallow eh ? 
  but yes , stupid questions get you treated like a fool , and your personal history follows you around . 
  oh my yes . 
  it 's a direct parallel to the actions you suggested - and much more pertinent than talking about * czechslovakia * - and you wo n't answer them because the answer weakens the russian position . 
  if you ask a stupid question you get treated like an idiot and , knowing you , one who 's acting in bad faith . 
  i 'm very easy going me , that 's just my interpretation . 
  4 times now . 
  if you ca n't answer a pertinent question directed at the heart of your arguement then it might be because your arguement is utterly broken . 
  i 'm having immense fun here watching you shift from aggressive questioning to stung weasel !, 
  only a bit of fun , my son !, 
  only a bit of fun !, 
   fuck off with the shill bullshit . 
  who would i be a shill for ? 
  the russian government that has invaded a country , is abysmal for human rights and constantly silences opposition ? 
  yeah , them . 
   or i ask for sources , and get insulted ? 
  nice one . 
  or  you act in bad faith , you get treated in bad faith . 
  see how that works ? 
  you ask a stupid one-word question requiring an informed opinion that requires long-term understanding of the russian petrostate and then have a good moan when people call you a tit ? 
  pull the dick out of your ass , you twat . 
  i had a bohemian empire in crusader kings 2 , once . 
  prague is just a really imperial sounding city . 
  it 's you 're , poppet . 
  it might be hard to tell with your head all buried in the sand like that , but it 's * you 're . 
  nobody made a joke about french patriotism ? 
  c'mon i 'll look like a dick if i do it . 
  bloody wild animals , the lot of them !, 
  do n't really care what an ignorant shill thinks of my arguements , me . 
  you act in bad faith , you get treated in bad faith . 
  a spade might want to be called a shovel but i 'm just calling it what it is . 
  them wolves have a strong union ? 
  look mate , sometimes you just have to hunt a wolf right now and you do n't have the time to go to estonia to do it all legal like , right ? 
  dodgy politicians are going to be dodgy politicians . 
  i do n't think any regular spaniard actually gives a toss about old gibraltar . 
  you 'd imagine it would n't be this hard to get a bullet-point list of what is included in this fucking document that is going to reshape our lives so much . 
  haha yes , he yet lives !, 
  you 've dodged the question 3 times now . 
  not big on interpretation this one . 
  keep going mate , you 're not coming off as an idiotic shill at all . 
  sorry i tried to follow your post but it just kept blowing away . 
  that response has as little to do with my statement as your previous one was to / u/nilbop 's question . 
  how you can agree to this  yes russia is wrong to arm separatists to prolong the conflict they started in a peaceful neighbouring state . 
  and then say this  a civil war that turned into russia intervening is baffling . 
  russia started the entire conflict in both crimean and donbas theatres . 
  the east voted for poroshenko same as kiev did .
