jesus kid , lay off the make-up . 
  huh ? 
  how so ? 
  i 'm torn , because this sounds both exactly like nonsense akin to the split-ukraine-with-poland thing , * and * because i absolutely believe putin will try this and then say `` it 's what the us neocons did in the maidan . '', 
  either way , it should absolutely not be allowed to come to pass . 
  poroshenko was fairly and freely elected by the people on a pro-eu platform , and putin ca n't stand this . 
  he should not be allowed to act as he please without consequence . 
  what ? 
  it 's not weird . 
  good on you lads . 
  i 'm not saying it could be but having that in writing only serves to give gazprom more leverage and it 's a seller 's market . 
  or it was , at least . 
  unless resale is prohibited in the contract . 
  goddamnit glasgow i * know * that 's you pushing those rates up . 
  quiet you . 
  suprise , surprise . 
  he said , * super * sarcastically . 
  ai n't no * little green men * fuckin ' round in rekjavik anytime soon , boy i 'll tell ya, 
  that 's why they call us * swole * britain . 
  he didnt give us a say in his trade agreement with armenia . 
  why should we care about him now ? 
  this is me talking from ignorance , but what enemies does armenia have ? 
  shouldnt moscow be taking the feelings of the eu in account when signing these treaties , hmm ? 
  god they fucking suck at invasions . 
  what a goddamned embarassment . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  it 's like remembering that big storm cloud in the rear-view mirror . 
  stay out of this disraeli or i 'll repeal you like the corn laws, 
  surprising no-one . 
  it 's this one guy who keeps reregistering to make anti-irish remarks . 
  registered a new account just for that , eh ? 
  make bmws more affordable . 
  especially to me . 
  having to say i 'm in a civil partnership would sound like i 'm living in some orwellian rulebook stripped bare of any kind of emotion or passion . 
  do n't bring race into this . 
  i imagine cohabiting does n't come with the same legal protection that marriage does . 
  it 's almost like the tories and labour are just two faces of essentially the same massive out of touch organ . 
  * up all night to get luck-y , up all night to get luck-y *, 
  as if we do n't have one of those . 
  in belarus ? 
  what do * you * mean `` these people '' ? 
  yes let 's not allow any hyperbole in this instance , thank god you were here to hold cyridius to rights . 
  you got that right . 
  in the cold darkness of space , eyes watch us with a mind utterly alien to our world . 
  the islands of greater and lesser ireland ? 
  legitimately did not know they made those . 
  fallen by a quarter since when ? 
  since the start of the greatest recession in modern history ? 
  since then , you mean ? 
  oh well fucking done there georgie . 
  bet you had to work hard for that one . 
  at what point did i say i went to law school , big fella ? 
  i understand you 're sucking all the fun out of a funny joke because i guess your hyper-defensive of your little hometown . 
  the law absolutely still exists . 
  i think i speak for all of us when i say we 're all very proud of these brilliant men , but ** especially ** the half of the one guy that 's british . 
  i feel bad every time this thread of thought comes up because it 's such a gloomy state of affairs for poland and the balts that a belligerent pariah state is forcing upon them . 
  but he 'll , if ukraine alone can kill 3000 of their regulars and with the backing of the eu and nato ... 
  i wo n't say you have nothing to fear , because we 're dealing with the nation state equivalent of a blustering playground bully , but we 'll stand with you . 
  now imagine that , but less corny . 
  the great khan only invaded ancient qing because george bush invaded iraq , after all . 
  can we just fucking all commit to this like godfuckingdamn adults already ? 
  i 'm so very confused about all this and feel vaguely sympathetic for our resident slovenians . 
  only russia can prevent the new mongol-led world order . 
  you 're still well ahead of the british . 
  you are seen as gifted if you can speak one other language fluently here . 
  build more nuclear plants while you 're at it . 
   the baltic nation , which joined the european union and the north atlantic treaty organization in 2004 , will create special-forces units of border guards next year , interior minister hanno pevkur told the `` foorum '' talk-show . 
  estonia is the only nato member that does n't have a border treaty with russia . 
   foreign minister urmas paet signed the treaty with his russian counterpart sergei lavrov in february , while its ratification by the estonian parliament has been frozen after until russia starts its own ratification process . 
   `` if we say we ca n't build out and equip our border because russia still has n't ratified the border treaty , we can be absolutely sure russia will never ratify it if they can this way prevent us from fortifying our border and properly guarding it , '' defense minister sven mikser told `` foorum '' yesterday . 
  these lads know what 's going on . 
  russia has shown itself to be an aggressor that will take advantage of these holes in legislation up to the minute that they 're patched , and fair play to the defence minister for recognizing an abusive relationship when he sees it . 
  i agree : if the eu wants to survive and become a unified superpower capable of representing it 's citizens effectively in a world of emerging superpowers ( because we sure as * hell * wo n't be able to do it as individual states ) then we need a unified energy policy and a diversification of our sources . 
  and an investment in nuclear energy already for god 's sake ; it just * works * . 
  yeah , i know people are worried about their winter warmth but the eu * has reserves to whether it * and hell , a bunch of member-states kick-in their own supplies anyway . 
  but just because kasparov 's numbers bear repeating :  eu gets 34 % of oil & 32 % of gas from russia . 
  eu accounts for 84 % & 80 % of rus exports . 
  who has more leverage ? 
  but only eu afraid to use it . 
  if people have n't realized the untenable position of being a potential superpower ( the eu ) that 's reliant upon a beligerent former-power ( russia ) for it 's gaz then they need to shake themselves . 
  if anything good is going to come from russia 's energy-politicking this winter ( and do n't get it twisted , that * will * happen at the * worst * possible tiems because * why would n't it * ) then it 's that hopefully people will wake up and look at this situation with long-term perspective . 
  i do n't think anyone 's begrudging germany their success but the fact is this * is * an issue that we need a united front on . 
  i 'm not singling out merkel either ; i want cameron to keep pushing for stronger action too , and i want hollande to do * anything . 
  if nobody enforces it , it is n't relevant . 
  fine , whatever . 
  got ta pay back those debts somehow . 
   ireland 's corporate tax rate is set at 12.5 % , but apple enjoys an effective rate of tax of 2 % , due to the way it channels overseas sales through its subsidiaries . 
  eh , why are apple being singled out about this ? 
  - michael scott . 
  get your shit together , orban . 
  and in an unusual day for norn iron , a row erupted over a fleg . 
   but pm says he is confident he will secure british opt-out from eu 's founding declaration to create ` ever closer union ' fuck off , guardian journalism . 
  i 've heard of this . 
  this is that irony thing , right ? 
  no mr shill , evidence is not dismissed because you personally do n't agree with it . 
  because i 'm nice , the evidence i 'm referring to are the vkontakte comments and pictures posted by [ igor girkin/strelkov , then head of the rebels backed by the russians in the donbas , claiming responsibility for , and showing pictures of , a downed plane in the region that mh17 came down on the day that it came down ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/igor-strelkov-comments-on-malaysia-mh17-2014-7 ) . 
  * then * that same day there are pictures of the buk being moved by rebels towards the russian border . 
   i gave a reason why they would do that , a good one too . 
  that 's not a good reason , that 's a nutjob 's conspiracy theory . 
   because without proof we can assume it was the russians , but we would only do that because we are biased against them .
