source ? 
  i 'm skeptic to the fact that we 've actually asked the people that are just saying that their conditions of living are rubbish in the refugee camps that we 've provided told someone they were `` reuniting '' with their families . 
  even the people on the syrian civil war subreddit say that this group is long gone . 
  especially after all the capable soldiers are gone and that isis kills assad . 
  people will be wishing he had stayed . 
  nice moral authority there , i forgot you were an expert at leading middle eastern countries . 
  next time you 're president of syria give me a call , and tell me how easy it is to try to hold a country together after the us actively started creating conflicts in the area . 
  because i do n't know about you , but when i 'm leading syria there 's nothing better than just dropping chemical bombs on people for no rational reason to be hated by everyone . 
  oh give me a break , not 100 % of syria is constantly at war , there are always regions that are at peace somewhere , some can lead peaceful lives , but your logic is terribly individualistic . 
  feels like `` well we ca n't understand we have white/european privilege you see ! '', 
  bull shit , if my country is attacked , i defend it , not for me but for the sake of my countrymen , not only my family but any family . 
  they probably ca n't be nasa engineers , but like you said , tough luck , it certainly is n't our problem , as human beings we all have to set our standards somewhere to not be disappointed : i suck at math/some reason  too bad i 'll never be a nasa engineer  i should set my sights elsewhere . 
  it 's not our fault they wont be nasa engineers , it 's not our fault nasa is so popular . 
  they have their lives , like i have mine . 
  and how many refugees ? 
  well clearly you 're so smart you should be at the head of our government , hell , any government since you just found out that france and probably any european country has the funds to save homeless people , but why oh why is not doing anything , this is a travesty !, 
  it seems it 's a conspiracy against homeless people , because clearly we have the funds to save them but are n't doing anything !, 
  worst even , not doing anything and helping refugees that are fleeing war ( most of them ) . 
  or maybe it 's just that , morally it 's easier to pretend homeless people are not there , and that we 've run out of money , and that the holy german empire will not allow us to not help these people . 
  we 're unable to treat our own homeless countrymen `` humanely '' ( according to the declaration of human rights ) , so we should hold these refugees from another continent higher ? 
  i do n't know ? 
  from the country that literally has almost no immigrants . 
  should be problem  ask `` eu flag ''  solution ? 
  or the greek crisis , or the transatlantic agreement ... 
  i mean , that would be the final solution ... if you know what i mean . 
  i hope one day we can all fight once again in a friendly rivalry kind of way . 
  still better than being ruled by britannia, 
  there 's a difference between creating it and purposefuly funding terrorists to make the region unstable ... 
  i mean it is your fault they 're here . 
  plot twist 8 : denmark actually could n't see dead people , but really it was eating chicken fried steak at cracker barrel 's, 
  well , at least one of these countries has experience in invading if you know what i mean, 
  plot twist 6 : i ca n't even read words, 
  do more ? 
  we 're already knee deep in debt , struggling ourselves to get by . 
  i do n't get the hypocrisy , if you really want to help people whose rights are being violated , start close by and house a homeless person you 've never met in your house . 
  but no one does that right ? 
  because it 's dangerous , because that person could be dangerous . 
  i apply the same logic to migrants , they 're people , and we do n't know them , and we already have enough problems ourselves . 
  thanks , keep me updated please, 
  i tried and found it to be really not helpful at all, 
  damn , i really wish someone took the time to translate this video , it would really raise awareness . 
  could you explain what they 're saying ? 
  on strique alors !, 
  i do n't get it , it 's the same in france , most of the far left can easily get violent in the name of anything , and are called antifas , they 're hated for the most part , so i do n't see why in sweden the far left would be `` less violent '' than the far right ? 
  how do we even know they were `` moderate '' ? 
  what were the criterias for the rebels that died to qualify them as moderate ? 
  it is , sadly , and i consider it to be awful 8/10 times . 
  `` what are you doing '' `` eh no need to be agro about that wall mate.i 'll tell you what , after i 'm done buildin ' that border maybe we can get together and have a durry and pash things out . 
  i just got some grog from the bottle-o and threw some snags on the barbie . 
  come on , ya cunt , we ai n't so bad . '', 
  australians , everytime . 
  ok , but you 're still not getting nord-pas-de-calais back - france, 
  i 'm seriously beginning to think that once these people outnumber us , we will be in trouble . 
  pls remove, 
   as long as we win afaik we win pretty much everytime . 
  what ? 
  lol, 
  it 's easy , i think valls just means `` kill everyone until everyone is killed and then there is no problem '' . 
  what do you mean ? 
  to me cap is a diploma and strasbourg is a city , you 'd need to narrow down the aim of your question . 
  what a piece of shit, 
   might more like extremely low wages . 
  the reason why unemployment is low in germany is because the wage can be ridiculously low . 
  what you have to understand about france is that currently the political situation in france is completely fucked , we are absolutely not represented right now , if we were we would probably be looking for ways to bail out of the eu . 
  he 's a troll , or pretty much being very ironic, 
  the police already brought a light tank there , so ... 
  the french government made shelters for them , they refused to move there . 
  were crusades/jihads related wars ( the initial ones , not the retaliations ) to defend religious brothers ? 
  how is that not tangible ? 
  jihad = you fight for god defending your country = you defend your countrymen, 
  because they 're my countrymen , we may not have the same values but we are united , if the country was attacked i 'd expect them to fight as well . 
  no it 's not ? 
  dying to defend countrymen / = / dying for god ? 
  how are we `` pathetically xenophobic '' ? 
  like that other guy said : that 's really funny coming from an american . 
  ... how ? 
  i do n't believe anyone here realistically believes that all third worlders are idiots who just wants to come here . 
  and if you believe that the people here are stupid enough to think that , you should re-evaluate your morals . 
  is he wrong ? 
  am i the only one who sees how insane this is ? 
  this refugee crisis has become so bad that now we have to put borders between ue members ? 
  well to me there 's a huge population crisis in germany and apparently there are n't enough youths . 
  supposedly these refugees would pay the retirement of todays middle aged workers . 
  but i do agree that this situation can not get better , and this crisis will evolve . 
  that 's as american as you could have said it . 
  human kindness ? 
  lol . 
  more like cheap manpower, 
  mine, 
  not exactly , we 're tired of paying for people who want to go there and that are n't french anyways . 
  yeah right it 's not like the opinion of the people who voted matters right , it 's not like it 's their country after all, 
  chomsky is n't a communist , but whatever apparently the market is more important than the votes of the people of the uk ; i mean , who cares right ? 
  i 'm french , and i feel like the turk on the jew thing . 
  it 's just a small minority of hundreds that want to change your way of life . 
  quick , call the karma police ! . . 
  no one is going to riot in fear of being called racist, 
  then start with the germans and then make a deal with us . 
  we 'll never let go of the south until then . 
  the eu flag was our historic territory and it was captured by the german who ended up turning it into the eu flag , we had to fight our way up , and had to kill nepal , to name a few, 
  this deal is unfair to the french people that has suffered enough to the hands of the cruel germans which destroyed our flag with the help of r/europe !,
