well , at least it 's not people blood . 
  i like how y' all call yourselves rare . 
  like pokemon or something . 
  surprisingly , none of the current republican presidential nominee 's wives are estonian . 
  are estonians sexy ? 
  asking for ... ah , fuck it , myself . 
  honestly i 'm just surprised by the wooden bike, 
  what functions does the swedish immigration ministry perform ? 
  people who id as nonbinary are actual people who exist beyond social media accounts . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  people identify as nonbinary genders all the time . 
  anka : `` i 'm from germany where the age of consent is 14 '' archer : `` what is it , the alabama of europe ? '', 
  it 's okay , i was ( trying to , at least ) make a joke as well . 
  good business , then . 
  and here i was thinking that 's only the kind of mistake the ( stereo ) typically-bad-at-geography americans make . 
  i 'm 90 % sure that 's a compliment . 
  make america great britain again . 
  why is australia in eurovision ? 
  would he have to join the conservative party to do that ? 
  i 'd think the british government would only make life peers from their own party but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  alright , this has to be a joke . 
  so no prime minister farage , i 'm guessing ? 
  i could only imagine that continuing with the us further developing it 's lng export infrastructure . 
  which is why i assume there would be a disproportionately large amount of christians in the refugee populations ... 
  war , war never changes . 
  oh , so america became energy independent and left nato in this tl . 
  i see . 
  it 's * all * muslim ? 
  i would 've thought that a disproportionate amount of refugees would be arab christians . 
  is that not the case ? 
  erdo\u011fan is the one who knocks ? 
  i like how they 're just printed on a # 50 all-in-one ink jet . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://xkcd.com/1687/ ), 
  well , i thought i was funny . 
  i 'm not really a nightclub person anyways , to be honest . 
  even more than just pressing the disabled button ? 
  oh , i forgot that people give fucks about impressing random people through their hot significant other . 
  so a czech girl is who i 'd want to actually date ? 
  that 's something i 've actually admired with the british papers . 
  have the papers explicitly say their ideologies , that way you at least know what ideology they 're pushing and they do n't have to delude themselves/the consumer about being `` fair and balanced . '', 
  would n't marketing be pragmatism , though ? 
  oh my god , * of course * !, 
  so is it just me , or is boris johnson the british trump ? 
  a rather comedic media personality with bad hair becoming a politician espousing increasingly popular fringe right-wing views . 
  it 's not a party until someone dies !, 
  1 ) who 's bj ? 
  2 ) i thought that the whole point of brexit was to get away from all the `` undemocratic '' laws and regulations made in brussels ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu but stays in the eea , would n't that mean the uk would be in * an even less democratic situation * , like norway 's `` fax democracy '' ? 
  was n't that already implied ? 
  this is the true reason why i subscribed in the first place . 
  ( and to see what the mystical welfare state is actually like , but still ), 
  it 's funny because it 's true . 
  oh god , i just looked up those photos . 
  oh , so donald trump 's core demographic . 
  are most of the american subscribers to r/europe republicans ? 
  i 'd like to see where the us ranks when charitable donations that are n't to religious organizations are considered separate . 
  golden dawn actually admits to being neo-nazis ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  i thought they were still saying `` oh our symbol is * totally not * similar to a swastika . '', 
  it 's because decadence is actually pretty fun . 
  you first need the right 3d printer . 
  oh god , they 're expanding to the us , too . 
  hopefully one will open by me . 
  i mean , southern maryland already has an aldi !, 
  better late than pregnant ? 
  shit , well if that 's the case , the united states is getting dangerously close to political priapism . 
  well , i just learned a lot more about robbing banks than i planned on . 
   in all seriousness now , while i 'm not going to advocate banning niqab , you do bring up very salient points regarding crime investigation . 
  go on , please . 
  are you suggesting that i should be against niqab because one can don one to rob a bank ? 
  the author is muslim , though ... 
  it would be cool to just like * live * in canada for more than tourism purposes without a visa , though . 
  i 'll be honest , i still have n't found a reason to care whether or not women wear niqab . 
  so , apparently , i need to move to the netherlands ... or just colorado . 
   electoral dysfunction do n't they have a pill for that ? 
  o shit waddup, 
  what the hell , luxembourg ? 
  that definition of * should * is quite unorthodox ... to say the least . 
  america should import some of europe 's syrian refugees . 
  the ones that already came through europe and were already vetted by unhcr and the respective national intelligence agencies . 
  that way there 's an additional layer of checking since the us intelligence agencies would also do so , and that way the usa and european authorities can share information on whomever might be a possible threat . 
  you 're right , i forgot about the continuation war . 
  was n't finland the aggressor in that war ? 
  i 'm not saying you do n't have a point . 
  but then again it could also show that particular wikipedia article needs more editing . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do still feel that the term `` co-belligerent '' seems to do a better job at explaining the situation . 
  i mean , from how i understand it , finland did not share much in common other than being at war with the ussr ( later britain though . ), 
  perhaps my judgement 's affected by the fact that the usa was n't at war with finland , though.l since i am an american . 
  idk . 
  you said that the wikipedia article mostly explains finland 's position in the world , which `` says a lot . '', 
  uh , can you please explain what that `` a lot '' exactly is , because i 'm kind of lost here . 
  i thought there was a legitimate difference between an alliance and being co-belligerent nations , though . 
  is there not ? 
  i mean regardless of whether you agree with his ethos , you ca n't say that stalin was n't significant . 
  what 's the actual cause of it, 
  i 'm guessing they 're one of those hitler clones, 
  fighter of the nightwalker ? 
  what 's mental is how servers get paid , untipped , $ 2 an hour . 
  i 'm gon na assume my dad does n't tip ( or at least as much ) when eating out while on his business trips in europe .
