#winged hussars !!, 
  #wtf ... 
  #jfk 2.0, 
  portugal and spain ... yes ... only that . 
  i have an idea . 
  let 's pretend that nothing happened . 
  repeat : `` the uk never had a referendum about the eu . '', 
  we make another canal in gibraltar . 
  problem solved . 
  i like this . 
  #rwandastronk why ? 
  at least i will be ok . :d, 
  but , but ... it 's harambe 's reincarnation . 
  the eu might have some problems with fascists and nationalists . 
  i can feel it . 
  he is harambe 's cousin . 
  this is europe sub , not eu sub . 
  i remember that farage said that if brexit lose 48/52 there would be another referendum ... remainers deserve another referendum now . 
  wtf is happening in germany ? 
  lol, 
  the weird thing about germany is that it is a 1st and 2nd world countrie at the same time . 
  i 'm tooooo lazy to do that ... : v, 
  this -- '' $ $ $ ; - ;, 
  yes . 
  when we go far-left , we go far-left to east germany . 
  portugal - we need more money !, 
  i hate when europe goes far-right . 
  when we go far-right , we go far-right to belgium . 
  or we can try to survive until the next industrial revolution so humans will not be needed to produce . 
  but then how we will get money to consume ? 
  increase poverty to levels like in africa and latin america or make everyone rich . 
  i cant se any other way to increase fertility rate . 
  nigel said that it would n't happen . 
  he lied to every british ... norway , switzerland , iceland , etc also pay almost # 350m every week . 
  that 's a real thing ? 
  holy shit, 
  how can the government be able to use public fund to create political propaganda ?!, 
  i would n't care if they used party funds , but eu funds ? 
  wtf ? 
  holy shit !, 
  top kek xd, 
  putaoya ... are you fucking kidding with me ? 
  filthy sheep ... 
  yes !!!, 
  do it !, 
  for the sake of pizzas !, 
  do it !, 
  ban it at a world level !!!, 
  please !!!!!!, 
  yes , i loved it . 
  1 - russia invades ukraine . 
  2 - ukraine asks russia for help . 
  3 - russia declares war on russia . 
  how can a capitalist `` democracy '' not be authoritarian ? 
  so she 's against the french revolution too ? 
  how can you fight an authoritarian government , nazis or opression with flowers , peace and love ? 
  do n't forget that border control actually increased the number of illegal immigrants . 
  there 's only one true way to trigger a french ... look at my . 
  how do someone rape a person accidentaly ? 
  it 's official . 
  erdo\u011fan and putin are bff . 
  the only thing i know is ... they are n't slovakia . 
  welcome to the big boys club !, 
  #winged hussars !!!, 
  xdddd, 
  belgium is not even a country . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  shut up and save us you lazy ******* !!, 
  the british royal family is german soooooo ... #uk just got annexed by merkel !!, 
  can she survive ... # 2016 ? 
  now we can into nordic . 
  take that estonia . 
  wtf is your problem ? 
  budapest is a planet . 
  france is a continent . 
  europe is a country . 
  belgium is a beautiful city ( trump said this ) . 
  til finland is scandinavian and denmark is n't . 
  spain is included but portugal is n't !?!?!?!? 
  #triggered !!, 
  can somebody give me a reasonable argument in support of their independence ( besides economic reasons ) ? 
  we just call them `` teacher '' ( but in portuguese :p ) . 
  i want a christmas goat !!, 
  iceland ca n't into europe !!, 
  portugal can into space !!, 
  siberia can into europe !!, 
  `` what is aleppo ? '', 
  2016 will strike again !!!, 
  i can feel it ... haram ... putin will won the german elections !!, 
  why he reminds me of doctor who ? 
  `` is against globalism . '', 
  `` is using the internet . '', 
  so ... the only thing this `` brexit '' will do is put farage out of the eu parliament ? 
  belgium : but , but ... apple did it too !, 
  but , but ... is belgium a country ? 
  most random post i ever seen in my entire life . 
  there 's more mp 's than people in the vatican . 
  ok , i guess i 'm triggered . 
  admit it . 
  you posted this because of batman xd
