you do n't really need to imagine such mind games to justify this idea . 
  it could be a lot simpler than that : a woman might feel like they would receive a negative backlash if she did not allow someone regarded as a hero to kiss them or if she criticized him after the fact . 
  is that really such a crazy , unbelievable idea ? 
  why are you treating joining a defensive union as an act of aggression ? 
  the good relationship where they can contribute to european citizens being shot out of the sky without consequences ? 
  crazy conspiracy theories are one thing , but the idea of politicians in the us using voter id laws to marginalize certain groups voters is a very real prospect . 
  some elements of the gop are actually gleefully admitting to using it for manipulation of elections . 
  the introduction of id cards in a country as big as the us would be a major logistical undertaking and it would have a huge impact if made compulsory for voting , so care would have to be taken to make the transition slowly and ensure that poorer citizens would have it made easily available to them . 
  it 's not just as easy as making the card free . 
  i like biden , but he was really a buffoon there . 
  if they told you guys prices wo n't rise with the coming of the euro , they were kind of wrong ... 
  they can afford it . 
  it 's great that he 's free , but exchanging him for an actual spy reinforces the idiotic narrative that kohver really was engaged in some sort of suspicious or illicit activity . 
  it 's a necessary compromise , but it still grinds my gears . 
  well , my interpretation of that legend has always been `` denmark needed an assist from god to beat the estonians . '', 
  i do n't think the baltics would disagree on that subject in the first place . 
  ehh , we 've had a good run . 
  holy crap , how much interesting stuff did churchill do during his life ? 
  yeah , well , do n't get cocky . 
  the best girl of evangelion is german . 
  okay , but ... now what ? 
  hey , anyone would forget after so many centuries . 
  i 'm not quite sure they speak for themselves ... what does `` vytis '' refer to ? 
  americans have their own hardware problems . 
  i am in favor of it and think it decreases chances of a russia-nato conflict . 
  too bad about the propaganda opportunities for putin though . 
  here 's a summary of a recent survey about attitudes towards nato : http://estonianworld.com/security/survey-estonians-support-nato-membership-allied-presence-2/, 
  i like both , but france a tad more . 
  hah , i did n't even know there was an older version . 
  i think it 's based on [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrklo1tr2ie ) by nena and kim wilde . 
  federation of europe ? 
  foe ? 
  i 've noticed a disturbing trend recently of people actually calling georgia `` georgia '' ( not pronounced like the us state ) instead of of `` gruusia . '', 
  the channel tunnel actually connects towns called folkestone and coquelles . 
  folkestone is about 100 kilometers from london , and coquelles is over 200 kilometers from paris . 
  yeah , the `` coal belongs in an oven '' group is just full of sharp sociological insights , are n't they ? 
  i do n't think any translation or explanation could really capture the meaning of the song in estonian , its altered lyrics and how well it all works . 
  it 's a hell of a satire , really . 
  obviously , some people did n't get it in estonian either ... 
  that is cool as shit . 
  love the art style , the cool musical effects and interesting little details hidden in there . 
  there was something like this last year , was n't there ? 
  wait a minute , ilves got a divorce ? 
  was this about that kiss debacle i barely heard about ? 
  `` what have you done for me lately ? '', 
  they stole that saying from hiiumaa . 
  i would have been very disappointed if the noun surname trend had not continued . 
  ukraine 's rights to its own geopolitical alliances are very much what this is all about . 
  the fact that russia treats it as a satellite explains their treatment of it , but in no way justifies it . 
  should n't ukraine have that right ? 
   i really do n't get this one . 
  the british were to leave india , and it was pretty clear that a unified india was n't going to happen . 
  no matter which way they were going to draw the border , bad shit was guaranteed to happen . 
  what other options did the british have ? 
  there were no good options . 
  the best case scenario would have been if the british were n't there to begin and questions of land and faith were left to the locals to decide . 
  the fact that the british were there and had to make that choice is precisely the problem . 
  you really made this point more difficult than it should have been . 
  a very interesting essay . 
  thanks for posting it . 
  is she going to tour the battlegrounds in donbass as well ? 
  the crash site of the mh17 perhaps ? 
  guessing dead ukrainians and other europeans do n't concern her . 
  uh , well ... 
  i 'm not . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself with these strawmen . 
  estonia does * fine * with a liberal tax policy that generally favors corporations and higher earners . 
  it 's not doing great by any means , because these policies bring significant downsides as well as benefits . 
  the profits that foreign companies make in estonia generally goes back out again . 
  i have myself have lost a job because the tech company we were hired out to chose to move their operations to greece ( a country that actually has a higher corporate tax rate ) despite lower than average local wages and no significant tax burdens here . 
  presumably they could get a better deal in a country with +20 % unemployment - which is a great example of the race to the bottom that others in this thread have mentioned . 
  companies will always prefer underpaying labor if they can . 
  by the way , here 's a fun fact for you . 
  the whole e-society thing that estonia has going on ? 
  the reputation as a country with a great it sector ? 
  that 's all because the * government * invested in coputer science education in the early years of independence . 
  i 'd rather have 28 days of government-mandated holidays per year than a european silicon valley . 
   the rich would become richer ... you got that part of your post right . 
  the richer people get , the more of their money they hoard and stow away . 
  the idea that they everything is invested and eventually trickles down is as fantastical as communism . 
   if the governments focused on lowering taxes for everyone , the result would be much better . 
  except for people who benefit from public works and services that these taxes fund . 
  but i 'm sure there are n't many people like that . 
  here 's an example of a foreign power helping germany : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kama_tank_school, 
   as a lithuanian , you should understand that it was because of soviet union that you were allowed to have your country 's independence ( and ukraine hers ) . 
  lithuania got its independence in 1991 , when the soviet union collapsed . 
  14 people were killed and hundreds injured before the soviets left . 
  hey , soviet russia was orwell 's main inspiration for that concept . 
  sirenara ? 
  so do you think , for instance , that pakistani muslims , for all their faults , feel entitled to a piece of europe because of the religious wars of the ottomans ? 
  or how about iranians , long-time geopolitical and sectarian enemies of the ottomans ? 
  these incredibly broad generalizations do not compute . 
  slavery in the united states is relevant today because its impact is still felt today . 
  what impact does barbary piracy have today ? 
  are there families in southern europe still holding grudges because of ancestors kidnapped two centuries ago ? 
  are there still descendants of white slaves in northern africa , distinguishable from those of white colonists ? 
  this is a false equivalence . 
  you ought to be comparing russian imperialism to ottoman imperialism , not muslims as a whole . 
  i would understand and respect people from the balkans reacting to nationalist posturing from turkey with the same fear and suspicion the baltic countries have for russia , especially if territorial claims are invoked , but that 's because turkey is the successor state of the ottoman empire . 
  various other muslims from around the world , even from former ottoman territories , simply do not share that cultural legacy even though they share the religion .
