usa and uk together have exported a massive amount of pop-culture since the invention of pop-culture . 
  why is anything considered cool ? 
  it 's underdog behavio ( u ) r , 
  this may come as a shock to you , but a day has 24 hours . 
  whether or not he should be fired is completely separate from the ` freedom of press ' argument . 
  he should get fired , because he did n't publicly apologize . 
  not because ` the public ' or says so , or because of press-related laws ; but because his employer should not endorse that type of behavior . 
  him , as a person , should never be prevented from voicing is opinion , no matter how backwards . 
  that does n't mean his employer can take a moral stand . 
  casual racism is indeed very common in the netherlands . 
  that does n't make it right . 
  i think this public outrage is an appropriate response and i 'm glad it sparked this level of debate . 
  i think the direct translation of minority to a lot of european languages might prefer definition # 2 here , but i think in this context it 's pretty clear that definition # 1 was intended . 
  so yea , i 'm being literal . 
  the map is not intended politically , but simple statistics . 
  in case you 're primarily a francophone , this was not intended offensive . 
  til nobody knows what the term minority actually means . 
  that makes french the minority . 
  minority = < 50 %, 
  i do n't think it 's about the political term ` minority ' . 
  it simply means ` not the majority ' . 
  so less than 50 %, 
  maybe . . just seems weird to me that that would go out of the infrastructure budget . 
  i 'm not sure where you got the artwork on the highway thing . 
  not very noticeable to me , if it 's true , 
  yay for the frisia mention  . 
  that 's what my flag represents . 
  proud being one of the half million people who speak it , and i feel frisian first , and dutch second . 
  many frisians such as myself only speak frisian the first few years of our lives , but then as soon as we hit elementary school at age 4 , we also learn dutch . 
  people generalize . . you sound surprised about this . 
  i see the opposite a lot too ... europeans hating on americans . 
  maybe !, 
  i 'd prefer to stand corrected in this case , 
  its a bit of an insulting stereotype . 
  after living in germany for over a year , i do n't think its fully true though . 
  lots of jokes are being made by people here , but they are rarely funny to me . 
  i try to always politely smile along and pretend the jokes are good , but it 's getting tiring . 
  i also noticed that when i make a joke , or a bad pun this will get repeated until oblivion up to a point where i literally had to say they 're now on a banned joke list because they 're past their expiry date . 
  sorry , but you 're an idiot . 
  3 is indeed directly in between 1 and 5 , but not 0 and 5 . 
  1 & 2 get rounded down to 0 . . 3 & 4 get rounded up to 5 . 
  almost hard to believe you got your education in the netherlands . 
  if the 5ct coin got abolished you had a point though . 
  one way to deal with that is to round up for every even integer , and round down for every uneven . 
  i 'm not arguing against the fact that you should or should not have this opinion , i 'm arguing that your opinion is a bad one , 
  spain was a dictatorship a few decades ago . 
  i do n't think you can apply the same rule everywhere , and corruption is hardly an issue if there 's no power . 
  and yea i 'm definitely a political pragmatist . 
  i 'd like to see policy driven by practical solutions to actual problems rather than principles . 
  it 's not very difficult to form a strong argument why maintaining the current royal family in the netherlands , over the arguments against . 
  while i do n't think the ` slippery slope ' argument is necessarily a flawed argument in any debate , in this case i think it is . 
  i feel that you 're placing your personal ideology over the actual reality of how things work for us . 
  it 's just how it traditionally works , but i can see you 've got some trouble with that as you could n't even get your national flag right in this subreddit :p edit : i see you fixed it :p, 
  as a dutch person : the monarchy provides a certain neutrality , unity and comfort that politics ca n't give . 
  politics is pretty much a revolving door , and a president will generally only be ` liked ' by the segment of the country that agrees with his political views . 
  the monarchs are usually the first on site during any national disaster , and they 've been very solid diplomats . 
  they earn most of their own income and even though their role is purely ceremonial , they serve their country and are their for its citizens . 
  the dutch royal family make most of their own income , and they have absolutely no power . 
  they 've been pretty solid at not becoming a target for tabloids and such . 
  whenever there 's a national disaster , they will be the first on site , and they 've been very good at staying neutral and acting as a sort of nation-wide mother/father figure , providing comfort and unity . 
  while i philosophically agree with your argument that the concept of royalty is old-fashioned , i feel that in the netherlands the pro 's pretty much outweigh the cons . 
  considering the way the dutch think about this ( many are very progressive also philosophically against the throne ) , i do n't think the royal family would last very long as soon as they will be seen as a negative influence for our country . 
  the new king emphasized a million times in different ways that he 's a servant to this country , and does n't even want to be referred to by his official titles . 
  considering his history , i believe that he was genuine . 
  thanks for nothing !, 
  i was thinking the same . 
  the scale is highly misleading . 
  it almost looks as if the scale was used to determine the radius , instead of the area . 
  bad graph !, 
  if you literally need to wait for your salary in order to be able to spend it on the 30th . . on what i can only imagine is . . 
  ( excuse me if i 'm wrong ) , perhaps you should consider trying to carry over a few euro 's every month . 
  paid for what ? 
  thanks , 
  i would love some context !, 
  as a smoker , i welcome every new policy that will help prevent people from starting to smoke . 
  you are impossible to have a conversation with . 
    i love stereotypes and exchanging them . 
  i have friends all over the world , and i 'm always very curious what the dutch are being made fun of , outside of the netherlands . 
  turns out the germans think we all travel with our tiny mobile homes and we all have one . 
   i would believe you if you actually cited polls or a study for this . 
  i 'm just telling you about my person experience . 
  unfortunately there 's no studies made about my life and interactions with my friends . 
  so i 'm not really sure what part of this is self-delusion . .  if you think that because rroma people from romania cause drama around europe , there are negative consequences upon me , you 're not just wrong , you 're making it worse by supporting the mechanisms by which such stereotypes spread ... i.e. 
  making erroneous generalizations . 
  actually , you 're speculating in this case . . 
  i have n't really heard anything about romania , be that positive or negative . . 
  the only thing i really know about romania , is that it 's relatively poor ( not sure if this correct either , maybe it 's another stereotype ) . 
  i hope you do n't consider that offensive . 
  if this is the stereotype you 're referencing , and why you are upset . . that is definitely something i can understand . 
  there 's a big difference ( in my opinion ) between for example the following two stereotypes `` polish take all our jobs '' and `` british have bad teeth '' . 
  both stupid stereotypes , but i think only the first is destructive and something we should actively battle . 
  the second is a source of bad jokes that very very little people take as offensive . 
  if you 're hoping for a world where there 's no jokes being made that make fun of people ( for nationality , or whatever reason ) , reddit is probably not the best place to start your battle . 
   only in the sense that i expected more reason from reddit.com/r/europe . 
  there 's a lot of reasonable threads . . this one was just for fun , which should be ok too from time to time  do n't take everything too serious , 
  i love stereotypes and exchanging them . 
  i have friends all over the world , and i 'm always very curious what the dutch are being made fun of , outside of the netherlands . 
  turns out the germans think we all travel with our tiny mobile homes and we all have one . 
  so i definitely believe that to you , this may be a negative thing . 
  to me ( and most of us , i assure you ) it 's definitely not .
