hey guys i found the homophobe ^ ^ * lulz *, 
  none of these things can be used to reasonably forecast future economic trends . 
  i think the eu should just come down hard on those tax arrangements , if i 'm honest . 
  we 'd all benefit from that money . 
  and if the eu did it smartly the the us would n't throw such a massive temper tantrum because they 'd know where those decisions were made and how may allies would be left unimpressed by toys being thrown out of prams . 
  it would also give the eu a big talking point to silence eurosceptics . 
  shut up , ireland . 
  close your tax loopholes so the rest of us can get the monies ( morally ) owed us by giant multinationals like google and you might have a shred of credibility when debating finance and it 's role in building `` a better functioning society '' . 
  no one 's saying free speech is n't free . 
  it 's just that some people are n't deluded enough in their belief in ` humanity ' and ` progress ' to think that there is something in the world worth dying for . 
  i 'll laugh at idiots all the day long but if someone put a gun to my head i 'd call them sir . 
  i 'm not going to stick it to a terrorist for 5 seconds of glory before having my brains blown across the pavement all to have some dudes on the internet sing my praises for 2 days before my tragic tale is lost to history . 
  you want to make fun of religion then go ahead . 
  if you want to risk your life then fine but i think you 're a dickhead . 
  if you want to risk the lives of other people then you 're a selfsih fuckwit and need to not do that please . 
  this is bullshit - you 're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion . 
  i wish japenese school girls would scream when they saw me . 
  i once heard a french person tell me that in order for the whole world to eat as well as france it would require the resources of six earths . 
  i wish i could back that up with some kind of evidence/study , but i 'm prepared to go along with it as a dinner party conversation starter . 
  i was once in the louvre museum looking at the venus de milo and a bunch of japanese tourists started taking pictures of me because i 'm 6 ' 5 '' ( 195cm ) . 
  it was an awkward experience . 
  good riddance . 
  that 's because the staff are worked to the bone and spread to thin . 
  it 's a testament to their hard work , not the structure of the nhs . 
   2 - education is the single most important goal of a society . 
  i do n't understand . 
  this is already the mindset in france . 
  at least as far as i can see . 
  third tier : so broke . 
  vague , accessible comment at the top of the thread which does n't answer the question asked . 
  same old reddit . 
  you should debate more . 
  i appreciate your insights . 
  sounds too good to be true . 
  you must be cooking the books . 
  the guardian just has a vendetta against anything that moves these days . 
  got confused . 
  my bad . 
  a scotsman did the groundwork on the bank of england . 
   tbh i think a lot of people reject the term `` middle class '' because it is objectively meaningless . 
  the people who reject it are n't that smart , and they do n't care enough about that to reject it . 
  they reject it because they do n't like the idea that their successes are in any way related to their parents ' successes . 
  being a lowly underdog is romantic to them . 
  them against the world ; one with the oppressed . 
  as canard_glasgow says , the british empire mentality has n't really gone away . 
  we think we 're awesome but we are n't allowed to say that . 
  in fairness , we have had a rather significant impact on the world 's history and development . 
  evolutionary theory is attributed to an englishman and his contemporaries are considered historical appendages to his greatness , calculus was worked out/discovered by and englishman as were the basic foundations of modern physics , banking and stock markets were arguably invented by a scotsman , university education has some of it 's oldest roots here , the abolition of the slave trade was furthered drastically by an englishman . 
  the magna carta ( which i think translates to big map ) , * habeas corpus * . 
  i could go on . 
  basically this impacts the national psyche by making us think that the world should listen to us . 
  also , the part we played in the two world wars ( and the fact that we won ) imprints the mind with the idea that we are unequivocally correct in all our views . 
  we do n't learn about the things we got wrong , like how we , along with other imperialist powers , screwed africa royally in the days of conquest ; we do n't talk much about the american war of independence ; we 'd rather teach our kids about churchill than edward viii . 
  we spend more time talking about the nazi 's than we do the fact that our royal bloodline has a good amount of germanic blood in it . 
  it 's pretty one sided . 
  as a result , we think we 're never wrong and always right . 
  we do , of course , have a huge problem with the class system . 
  we ca n't escape it . 
  we need it . 
  it 's how we identify ourselves . 
  in my own generation ( i 'm late 20s ) , people would rather downplay their middle class upbringing and call themselves working class . 
  i do n't understand why . 
  it might have something to do with our rejection of money ( or at least the crime of having more of it than the next guy ) , it might be because by painting oneself as the underdog we suddenly approve more of our own lifestyle . 
  where does our obsession with the class system originate ? 
  probably the fact that we have a monarchy . 
  whether we think about it or not , we can never become our own head of state . 
  that and , given the nation 's history as being somewhat wealthy , there is a lot of old money , which obviously perpetuates the issue . 
  there has always been , and perhaps always will be , a constant struggle between the haves and the have-nots . 
  as for the islander mentality , it 's always been there . 
  a long time ago we told the continent , ` shove it ; we 'll have our own church . ', 
  it 's never gone away , either . 
  the fact that our history is so old and convoluted probably explains why we 're so liberal . 
  we tend to be more liberal than other countries i 've been to and do n't like nationalism ( at least not overtly ) . 
  our own brand of nationalism is one of a subtle arrogance that goes primarily undetected . 
  pride in one 's country is an absolute necessity yet vehemently rejected -- which explains why the olympics was such a confusing experience for so many people : national pride was suddenly allowed in public spaces . 
  a bit muddled , but those are some of my thought on it . 
  penis, 
  it 's not pointless it just needs amending , and the political playing field needs to be levelled . 
  at the moment it 's primarily the french and the germans calling the shots . 
  power needs to be spread out evenly . 
  maybe , but how do you stop google from harvesting your data when you 're using their products and services ? 
  nope . 
  lived at louis blanc for 7 months and telegraphe for another 6 . 
  walked past markets everyday . 
  unless you work there or you 're old you do n't qualify for the secret club . 
  parisians are the most closed and insular people i 've come across . 
  chauvinism barely cuts it as a description . 
  arrogance is closer but still not there fully . 
  it 's borderline narcissism . 
  parisians seem to genuinely believe they 're better than other people . 
  why is this guy being downvoted ? 
  do you all work in brothels or something ? 
  those images are clearly nsfw . 
  are there any successful attempts to stop it ? 
  the refugees just keep coming . 
  oh so we can trust them . 
  because they have an obligation . 
  ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you are so clever, 
  has it crossed anyone 's minds that among these refugees from syria are is militants trying to ride the wave into europe ? 
  there are real security concerns here .
