there 's a ton of pastries that originated in the uk , though the only one that wikipedia credits to the uk as a whole is the good old `` dead fly cemetery '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flies_graveyard, 
  and this is why it 's so easy for france to meet any climate change emissions targets !, 
  they fought and died for peace in their own countries , like it or not . 
  token : you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole . 
  i 'm amazed spain is n't more fluent , given the great influx of brits since the 80s . 
  that creates all sorts of terrifying imagery, 
  you mean you want that version of the political class back . 
  and i meant it was a massive leap to say that in this context people were being dehumanised as a step towards genocide . 
  nobody 's planning a pogrom against gypsy thieves , i think you 're over-reacting slightly . 
  regarding leaving problems for future generations , let me post the obligatory comment about fast breeders , which considerably nullifies that issue . 
  yeah that one confused the shit out of me too ... 
   40 to 50 percent . 
  [ 2 ] and that 's meant to make me feel better ? 
   calculating chess player he acts like an amateur that 's read the prince and think he understands game theory inside out . 
  not sure whether to visit romania for party , or send in who . 
  pretty sure the most significant european entity is the german economy . 
  perhaps that 's why the head of the army was dismissed . 
  now show me how many went for work and how many went retire . 
  fair point . 
  how sure are they that the head in question belongs to the suspect ? 
  for anyone wanting the html5 version http://gfycat.com/foolhardyflawlessjohndory, 
  so russia is n't all bad ... 
  aye , but where is whisky ? 
  pity , he made european politics interesting at least . 
  they 've declared golden dawn a criminal organisation . 
  yes but ordinary criminals do n't have an ideology to promote, 
  on one hand this seems like a nice easy solution , but try and remember that suppressing violent political organisations does not always work out in the long run . 
  i rather like that expression . 
  i 'd like to see it overlaid against a graph of average age for each region . 
  i just do n't get how we extrapolate `` it 's because she 's black '' from `` the cashier said she could n't afford it '' . 
  am i missing part of the interaction ? 
  i 'm still not sure this was about racism . 
  perhaps the salesperson thought the company would n't want their brand associated with a member of the celebrity populares ? 
  i 'm british , so ... british flag . 
  i feel no sense of loyalty to the european union , beyond the treaty obligations signed by my elected representatives . 
  it 's like ... asking why i do n't have a un flag as my flair when posting in / r/worldnews, 
  they make great bacon ? 
  keynes really must be spinning in his grave fast enough to be a green energy source by now . 
  `` another hosepipe ban is in effect today after ... '', 
  meanwhile , in the daily mail : `` secret nazi war machine recreated , used in racist attack '', 
  that 's quite a leap mate . 
  itt : the politburo joins reddit, 
  though it may bring down the government when his back benches go mental over it, 
  that 's probably what will bring it down . 
  fixed term parliament or not , a no confidence vote could come . 
  well for a start people who know it 's united kingdom and not just england . 
  does n't really matter now . 
  no terry wogan , no real eurovision . 
  the true benefit fraud levels in the uk are below 10 % ( massively lower iirc but i do n't have the number to hand ) . 
  actual continued dependency on the system ? 
  that speaks more to employment problems and an increasingly white collar , specialised skill dependent economy ( and unsustainable wages for unskilled positions ) . 
  the problem is that the squeaky wheel gets the grease , and the folk pulling a `` on benefits and proud '' are the most easily sensationalised . 
  that 's a council flat ? 
  so you meant three out of seventeen are pulling their weight . 
  about fantastic counterpoint . 
  well , without a real military power in it i suppose there 's less pressure to actually do anything . 
  i ca n't help but feel the guardian has gone completely modern chomsky recently - everything bad is the fault of one western government or another . 
  which might sound noble , but remember what that guy in germany did once he 'd consolidated his power ... 
  choice between religious fundamentalist who thinks women should n't laugh in public , and a military that is fiercely secular ... 
  i 'm genuinely curious why you would choose the former - especially as a fellow atheist . 
  if you listen to some of the local commentators on facebook , it 's the cia , mi6 and mossad . 
  three organisations that would n't really accept failure in such a scenario alone never mind together , and yet here we are . 
  i 'm still not convinced it ever started - i mean ... if you 're going to commit treason , you do n't just go `` right lads , we give up '' after things get rough because you know this is what will happen to you ( or at least you 'll be executed ) . 
  when you cross that line you do n't turn back , and the turkish military has done this enough times to know that - so i 'm very suspicious . 
  because that 's precisely what he wants . 
  you think a religious right-wing fundie like erdogan wants to be in the nato club ? 
  i 'm not sure of the solution exactly , but kicking them out pushes them right into the arms of people you do n't want them in the arms of . 
   clear ( and growing ) majority of people that want complete independence last poll ( not the referendum ) actually went the other way edit : sigh , here we go , downvoted already . 
  i thought that was cornwall ? 
  as a scotsman , no thanks . 
  `` we need to stay in the european union because it 's vital for trade , progressive politics , and to remain outward looking . 
  countries have to work together . '', 
  `` what about the british union ? '', 
  `` nah , fuck that shit '' '' ... '', 
  coming this summer : bridge over the river kurwa, 
   england is a nation that does n't want partners , it wants to dominate , which is why we were opposed to scotland leaving even though our arguments for them staying were exactly the same as those we rejected when we were told to stay in the eu . 
  england likes its own version of a political and economic union of several nations because it gets to be the dominant one , which was not the case with the eu for what it 's worth , 55 % of us scots were opposed to leaving as well . 
  it was n't something just imposed upon us from your side of carlisle . 
  frankly i think you could take `` england '' and put `` britain '' on the world stage ( though your version certainly applies within the uk ) . 
  i really do n't understand why people find this kind of ambition scandalous though . 
  token : i voted remain , before anyone starts farraging me . 
  i 'm sure there 's an archive of all those somewhere , i just ca n't remember where . 
  how else do you discourage such violent reactions though , and protect other children ? 
  just as rehabilitation may play a key role in handling criminals , a deterrence must also be part of the criminal justice system . 
  yeah london alone should have doubled those numbers . 
  they bothered to put in actual roadworks as a believable barrier yet fucked up the collision detection on it . 
  this is why you do n't pre-order . 
  eh , most of those are from the republic, 
  you missed out the actual problem - winter fuel allowance and elderly care / inheritance tax . 
  it 's also often used as a first strike weapon . 
  we may need a treaty over the proliferation of pint glasses . 
  in london that gets you a half pint . 
  of shandy . 
  well , anywhere really, 
  * looks out the window in scotland * i beg to differ sir . 
   that 's a lot healthier than eggs , bacon , blood sausage , etc. 
  not if you 're on a keto or low carb diet :p, 
  populism has been frowned up on european politics since the roman republic . 
  sometimes it 's code for `` what the people really want '' and sometimes it 's code for `` what they want to hear '' . 
  what can be said about this situation that has n't already been said ?
