look at my flair . 
  i am accustomed to bad beer . 
  we take refugees that like beer , chile verde , working 16 hours a day and spaghetti string tank tops . 
  the beer is good , the beaches are nice and cristiano ronaldo would be on my national soccer team . 
  i would be a refugee in portugal in a second . 
  that would be actually pretty funny ; if the usa fined west virginia , maine and montana for not taking enough of the economic refugees that come here . 
  and lava hot springs !, 
  and pretty good wine . 
  [ west virginia and kentucky have a lower murder rate than california . 
  ] ( http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/murder-rates-nationally-and-state#mrord ), 
  lots of immigrants become citizens . 
  besides , it is racist ethnic profiling to ask a voter for identification or proof of citizenship . 
  pretty close to 100 % of latin american immigrants vote for the political party in favor of higher taxes and more regulations . 
  these devoutly catholic immigrants vote for the party in favor of gay marriage , legal abortion and free or almost free birth control . 
  the intermountain west region of the us had various `` christian militia '' groups , separate from the klan . 
  the ruby ridge incident scared away many potential members . 
  the wildlife refuge incident showed that they are mostly harmless idiots . 
  but a couple of them killed 2 police officers and a civilian in las vegas . 
  the fbi is run by barack obama and loretta lynch . 
  [ crime statistics from obama 's / holder 's / lynch 's fbi . 
  ] ( https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/table-4 ), 
  vermont , hawaii = safer than europe new orleans , miami = open air shooting galleries, 
  it is tons of fun to go on vacation to canc\u00fan or puerto vallarta and meet hotel desk clerks and bartenders that speak perfect english then go back to the us where people who have been here for decades wo n't learn it . 
  our men 's national soccer / football team . 
  if you are from venezuela , cuba , the dominican republic or some parts of mexico , you want to go to the us because the baseball is better here . 
  utah , idaho and wyoming do n't have much in the way of gun laws . 
  hawaii is number 13 for population density but it 's murder rate is one of the lowest . 
  i would avoid that . 
  you risk being banned . 
  but you can compare the us murder rate with the out of wedlock birth rate . 
  that will probably get you banned , too . 
  but it wo n't be automatic like it will with bringing up race . 
  in the usa , the data is clear : good or at least passable skiing and snowboarding causes a lower murder rate . 
  the government should pass out some burtons and rossignols and that would lower the murder rate . 
  i have not been to all of them , but the air force base museum here in utah is free . 
  in terms of square meters and i think number of aircraft , the museum here in utah is larger than the smithsonian . 
  but of course , the smithsonian has more historically important planes and space craft . 
  my information is a couple of decades old now . 
  but the mona lisa was small and surrounded by tourists . 
  the rest of the louvre was great , though . 
  i can read un peu de fran\u00e7ais . 
  the smithsonian air and space museum is great . 
  many us air force bases in the us will have a museum . 
  of course , these museums do n't have the historic space craft , just planes . 
  strangely enough , the air force base near one of our largest tourist destinations , las vegas , does n't have a museum . 
  i trust a currency managed by angela merkel more than i trust a currency managed by hillary clinton . 
  what is his reddit user name ? 
  pretty much all of the immigrants i talk to work hard to improve their english so they do n't have to listen to my annoying gringo accent . 
  after our immigration reform , lots of the american overlords will monolingual spanish speakers . 
  in rural utah , polygamists who marry 11 - year-olds are arrested . 
  some of the time . 
  if they embarrass the government or the mormon church . 
  and if there is n't a good utah jazz game on that the police have to watch first . 
  why would iran want to fund a party in favor of gay marriage , reproductive freedom and women 's rights ? 
  great skiing and jakob p\u00f6ltl . 
  he will be more famous in the us than he is in austria . 
  you 'd figure that racists would not want to use a site that makes mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan very rich . 
  i hope you are right . 
  but if cuba changes for american tourists , lots of rich and powerful people will become even richer and more powerful . 
  lots of my fellow us citizens are going to go to cuba as soon as we can . 
  so if i were european , i would go before the walmarts , mcdonalds , budweiser and monday night football start up . 
  i am already making a list on vrbo . 
  i am thinking about banff ( or more likely canmore because i ca n't afford banff ) or maybe radium hot springs/lake windermere on the bc side . 
  almost nobody lives in montana . 
  but the few people that do have regular `` intermountain west '' accents , like in denver or boise . 
  that was disappointing when i went to glacier national park . 
  i wanted them to have cute accents like in minnesota . 
  but with the loonie doing to really good mexican peso impersonation , you wo n't be able to swing a moose without hitting an american tourist . 
  but utah has cold and depressed to compete with anywhere in europe . 
  except for a couple of months in the summer when we have hot and depressed . 
  the place where your old footballers go to retire . 
  sounds like utah . 
  it 's the weekend and the mods will have to work a double shift . 
  check out / r/vegas . 
  it was snowing in the suburbs of las vegas this morning . 
  it did n't stick , though . 
  i have been paying attention to alberta weather recently because of reddit . 
  i read that front page article about the canadian dollar going down compared to our ugly green money . 
  so now i am planning a trip to banff or someplace like that next summer . 
  [ but it looks like lake louise has enough ice for skating . 
  [ this morning in a suburb of salt lake city . 
  i love mexican chorizo and chouri\u00e7o is probably similar ? 
  i can probably fake my way through portuguese because i learned spanish . 
  and cristiano ronaldo would be on my national team . 
  i would love to go . 
  the usa tries advertising in central america that says that we will kick out unauthorized immigrants if they come . 
  and the immigrants still say that they thought that they could start working here and that there would be no restrictions at the border . 
  pretty much everyone in the entertainment industry , except for a rare arnold schwarzenegger , voted for obama and is very liberal politically . 
  you would figure that the numerous hollywood democrats could come up with an effective media campaign to discourage illegal immigration . 
  `` do n't come !, 
  the food here is awful compared to yours . 
  and the weather and the soccer are even worse . '', 
  [ i would not call it `` secret '' . 
  i think it made this front page . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/3u0ti8/two_dozen_disney_it_workers_prepare_to_sue_over/ ), 
  islam does n't cause street harassment . 
  testosterone and being an entitled creep cause street harassment . 
  i have to be the center of attention at all times or i wo n't be allowed to go to mcdonald 's or walmart and i will be forced to watch soccer and use the metric system . 
  what a fate worse than death . 
  this probably was n't big news in europe .
