  but especially back in 2012 when mitt romney ran for president , lots of tv programs and news sites here criticized the mormon religion . 
  so mormons should have the right to bomb the msnbc offices ? 
  women in north america have that problem in a few areas . 
  almost never from muslims . 
  [ more information here . 
  ] ( http://www.stopstreetharassment.org ), 
  will people in vladivostok ever use a korean or chinese word in a conversation ? 
  we gringos who live near mexico sometimes say `` cerveza '' instead of beer , `` hasta luego '' instead of see you later , etc. 
  probably made in china by people that love beer , pork products and equal rights for women . 
  when you play soccer in california and the referee makes a call against your team , you learn some interesting words in spanish . 
  i also took classes in school . 
  now i need to learn how to play hockey and go to qu\u00e9bec so i can learn some words i did not learn in french class . 
  that 's the problem where i live . 
  a 195 cm aryan who looks like the model for a nazi recruiting poster can speak spanish with a chilango accent . 
  but the mestizo that you start speaking spanish to could be dineh or polynesian and you look like a vrai pendejo . 
  i like switching back and forth , too . 
  i live in utah and yes , we have mormon missionaries , too . 
  i like speaking spanish ( my spanish = jimmy carter or landon donovan spanish ) with the gringo missionary and watching the paisa missionary try in vain to avoid giggling at us . 
  we segregate our latin american immigrants ( unless they are dominicans or venezuelans who make millions playing baseball ) and we treat them poorly . 
  not only do our latin american immigrants not commit acts of terrorism ( except against each other as part of gang wars ) , a list of us military personnel who have won medals for heroism looks like the mexico city phone book . 
  we gringos funded death squads in latin america for decades . 
  sure , lots of them join gangs and shoot each other . 
  but none of our latin american immigrants are shooting up heavy metal concerts . 
  in fact , many of them join the us military . 
  [ sugar , too . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/us-sugar-subsidies-need-to-be-rolled-back/2013/11/25/6082490a-53af-11e3-9fe0-fd2ca728e67c_story.html ), 
  that suggestion would not create enough work for lawyers . 
  37 % of us congressional representatives are lawyers . 
  lawyers give a lot of money to all congressional representatives . 
  i should be ashamed of myself for thinking of this . 
  and probably banned and downvoted , too . 
  but when i go to playa del carmen ( near canc\u00fan ) in mexico , i love walking down the street or just hanging out at the hotel and hearing british english , french , peninsular spanish , german , dutch , italian , scandanavian languages , etc. 
  this bad situation in egypt is good for supporting my strange hobby of being around people who speak other languages . 
  you can fly nonstop to punta cana in the dominican republic from russia . 
  but i ca n't fly there on southwest airlines ( kind of like ryan air ) from the western part of the usa . 
  a variation of the same thing happens in mexico . 
  some americans wo n't go to canc\u00fan because they are afraid of the drug cartels . 
  but drunk driving , drunk snorkeling and corrupt building inspectors kill tourists and nobody ever talks about that . 
  ( a few years ago , a stove exploded in a hotel kitchen and killed some tourists . 
  officials suspect that the hotel bribed the building inspector . ), 
  the only americans that the drug cartels have killed are those that tried to start their own business in the same industry ... 
  here in the u.s. state with the 5th lowest unemployment rate out of 50 , there are people living in similar conditions . 
  ( native americans , in rural areas . ), 
  did you come up with chori\u00e7o or is it brazilian ? 
  skiing is norway ' s most important export . 
  our buddhist and shinto adherent immigrants from china , korea , japan and vietnam do pretty well here , too . 
  in fact , as a group , they do better than catholics from the philippines and mormons and evangelical protestants from the pacific islands . 
  in the us , let 's face it , we really did n't enforce immigration laws to speak of in the 90 's . 
  conservatives wanted cheap labor , liberals wanted reliable voters . 
  unemployment was 3.2 % when clinton left office . 
  our immigrants ( mostly ) have the advantage of speaking an indo european language . 
  but they will buy their own ingl\u00e9s sin barreras cd 's and learn english . 
  i live pretty much the other side of the world from you and we love our vietnamese immigrants , too . 
  they work hard and their restaurants have great food . 
  even their gangsters are model citizens and do n't involve non - vietnamese in their crimes . 
  [ the mexican government came up with something similar a few years ago . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2005/01/06/world/americas/a-mexican-manual-for-illegal-migrants-upsets-some-in-us.html?_r=0 ), 
  the national team is great . 
  can confirm . 
  americans who are fleeing trump could be refugees in lithuania . 
  lithuania has one of the best basketball teams in europe . 
  a country not run by a performance artist with a furry animal on his head and where they can shoot the rock from downtown ? 
  i 'm there !, 
  trump ca n't dismantle nafta without congress . 
  companies that own congressmen make money from nafta . 
  cheap tequila and chavs . 
  now that 's a winning combination . 
  we approve of massive amounts of foreign aid for africa . 
  signed , cayman islands bank managers, 
  / r/skiing or / r/snowboarding might like to see this . 
  we are making our national soccer team half-german . 
  i approve of this article . 
  signed , andy dufresne, 
  like , fer shure , dewd ; you 're a total bringdown . 
  [ a very famous family that should be in favor of renewable energy was against wind turbines near their beachfront mansion . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/earth/energy/windpower/7648857/us-approves-first-offshore-wind-farm-despite-kennedy-opposition.html ) strangely enough , the old rich republicans near palm springs do n't seem to mind wind turbines . 
  there 's a bunch of turbines and they look kind of cool . 
  brazil and mexico could become olympic and world cup hockey powerhouses , when their finnish-born kids start playing for their parents ' countries . 
  [ have a vodka company make up the maps showing how you would like your country to look . 
  fewer people become angry at vodka companies . 
  ] ( http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/laplaza/2008/04/mexico-reconque.html ), 
  i approve of this link . 
  signed , jules winnfield, 
  i am one of the 5 % of the people in my country that watch soccer . 
  watching european world cup qualifiers taught me about european flags . 
  but i am not 100 % sure which blue and white flag is guatemala , which is honduras and which is el salvador . 
  people from my country who claim to be irish even though their ancestors left eire almost 2 centuries ago is a meme on reddit . 
  i am going to claim to be welsh because wales has a very cool flag . 
  a few republicans who hate the united nations want puerto rico to be independent , too . 
  puerto ricans who move to the us mainland vote democratic . 
  monolingual spanish speakers in the us often work in agricultural jobs , or jobs that george w bush called '' jobs americans wo n't do . '', 
  if trump builds his wall , i wo n't be able to practice my spanish every day . 
  in europe , i suppose , eastern europeans take the hard jobs that westerners do n't want ? 
  i was hired for my job over more qualified candidates in part because i can speak spanish ; so this is pretty ironic to me . 
  mexico , el salvador , honduras and guatemala are far too dangerous to live in but perfectly safe for a 3-week vacation . 
  our chinese and korean immigrants commit even fewer crimes . 
  there are some cambodian and polynesian gangs , but they do n't like to involve outsiders in their activities . 
  tear gassing them on the bus ? 
  what a bunch of nitwits . 
  you open up casinos and take their money at the baccarat table ; that 's how you rob chinese tourists .
