  the * miller * case even showed just how little constitutional status northern ireland actually had . 
  can you think of a better term , `` constitutional agnostic '' ? 
  how strong is the whip up there ? 
  could we see dup rebels prevent a poc ? 
  northern ireland uses stv , so that effect is n't as serious up there . 
   the eu is trying to force us to pay for all ~ ~ it 's ~ ~ ** our ** civil servants . 
  they 're not talking about specific eu civil servants who have to be british , they 're talking about civil servants , some of whom happen to be british . 
  of course , if some civil servants loose their jobs for no longer being eu citizens , things could get more heated . 
   an invention by an english cartographer i 've mainly heard the claim that it was popularised by a british cartographer , in order to further british claims in ireland . 
  the bigger complaint is the `` implying british ownership part '' anyway . 
  for me , i just see it as inaccurate to the point of being unhelpful . 
  you ca n't have effective competition and free trade if companies are getting unfair advantages over each other or over operating in certain countries . 
  if you find out that someone was getting and unfair advantage it makes sense to fine them , especially when it is known that they will get fined for doing it . 
  that 's not divesting . 
  one of the original suggestions for the eu passport colour was to be pink , before they went with burgundy . 
  i had it in my head that ni only got 10 seats in westminster , my mistake . 
  when ~ ~ nearly half ~ ~ some of the community do not take their seats it 's not much of a consultation . 
  but the point is that northern ireland said no to its status changing , and now it will . 
  whether it 's mps are consulted ( which would n't really be an accurate representation of ni 's opinions due to sinn f\u00e9in 's absentionist position in westminister ) or not is largely irrelevant . 
  the real no-win situation is that regardless of what northern ireland may do its status will change , either in regards to the eu and ireland , or in regards to it 's status within the uk . 
  if i wanted to be very negative i would say this is another example of the british government ignoring it 's agreements with the irish people , but i 'll save that for 2020 and may taking the north out of the echr . 
  really stormont not needing to be consulted is the more interesting one . 
  [ i thought this was a good view of it  ( https://twitter.com/eoinmauricedaly/status/823836635532034049 )  so you ca n't change northern ireland 's constitutional status without its consent , except you can apparently . 
  i was disappointed but not surprised by this . 
  i had hoped that at least in northern ireland 's case they might be a bit bold and say it 's consent or consultation would be required . 
  possibly the greatest constitutional irony in the world is the finding of a ( very limited ) right to an abortion in the text of an amendment specifically inserted to prevent the legalisation of abortion . 
  in fairness there 's been a major push on literacy and numeracy over the last few years . 
  please , not more renumbering !, 
  one of the reasons the eu is n't more democratic is because of a lack of federalism , so individual member states retain a high degree of power instead of meps or other hypothetical elected officials . 
  if you make the eu more democratic you 're mainly taking power ( i.e. 
  sovereignty ) away from national governments and legislatures . 
  but the channel islands are not geographically part of the british isles . 
  geographically , they 're islands off france . 
  they 're politically part of it , by virtue of their connection to the uk . 
  my point is that if you include islands that are not geographically part of these contentiously named isles , then you 're accepting that the term is not geographic but political . 
  the two responses to this are either that the channels islands are not part of the `` british isles '' , or that there is some feature that makes them so geographically . 
  a undersea trench say . 
  the pro-bi argument is that the term is apolitical and merely geographic . 
  i 'm pointing out that it 's political in it 's definition . 
  if it 's a geographical term why does it include the channel islands , which are geographically not part of the archipelago ? 
  in treaties and discussion between us and the uk the term used is `` these islands '' although '' ( great ) britain and ireland '' or `` the uk and ireland '' are also used by the public and media . 
  they have their problems , for example the isle of man and some other groups are n't really included there , although sometimes when people use `` british isles '' they do n't mean to include those places anyway . 
  ah yes , the colours of * le tricolore * . 
  it 's a refutation of the claims being made by some brexiteers who want to leave the echr as well as the eu . 
  which is beyond reckless , but anyway . 
  the source actually does quote a claim of teresa may 's when she was home secretary , about a pet cat . 
  some countries do have socio-economic rights or positive rights , that while not necessarily guaranteeing you a house may ensure that you have shelter . 
  one could take the view that personal liberties are rather meaningless if you 're dead or so hungry/cold/ill that you ca n't enjoy those liberties . 
  maslow 's hierarchy of human needs sort of deal , no point having the higher stuff if you do n't have the basics . 
  what about libel and defamation ? 
  copyright ? 
  national security information ? 
  privacy ? 
  if you make freedom of speech * the * right , you have to limit a whole host of other rights . 
  that 's not something i 'd be prepared to do . 
  well , in a general sense ( not speaking for the netherlands here ) one of the obvious ways to justify a restriction on a right is by weighing it up against another right . 
  you might have free speech but other people have a right to life and a right to feel safe in their homes or to have a family life , so you 're right to free speech can be curtailed if it comes into conflict with that . 
  similarly , in some countries you 've a right to a good name , so you can justify laws against defamation by saying your right to free speech has to be balanced with someones right to a good name . 
  another way would be to have some sort of public interest/public safety exception in the right itself . 
  you 've a right to free speech , subject to laws to protect public order and safety or some such . 
  the first part has been considered , but generally only in the context of large scale ethnic cleansing , which is frowned upon today . 
  he clearly takes his sport seriously . 
  it 's `` english solution to an irish problem '' . 
  remainers get to experience a bit of schadenfreude . 
  and everyone said it was going to be this way . 
  yet they did n't listen . 
  it 's an unforced error , the first of many no doubt . 
  it 's going worse than it had to . 
  the uk has wasted almost three months since the start of the article 50 period without anything to show for it . 
  you 've got negotiation team that may not even have a mandate to push through anything that it gets now . 
  potential european allies have been alienated . 
  ultimately , i think brexit is bad , but i 'd rather it go badly because brexit is bad , and not because theresa may 's conservative party fuck it up , allowing the myth that it could 've been done properly to survive . 
  if one was for leave it would make sense to be even more pissed off about how it 's going . 
  honestly i worry that if there is a norway type deal agreed to by the uk that it wo n't be accepted in the uk . 
  i 'd love to see something close to freedom of movement extended to countries like canada , australia and new zealand , maybe even the us . 
  when i was there it all felt like the wealthy part of other european capitals . 
  it came across as a bit artificial and boring . 
  too clean like . 
  i reported my provider when the last price changes were forced on those bastards . 
  they came out saying that their new add-on was even better value , but the savings had been eliminated by the forced price decrease , so if anything it was worse value even if it did offer nominally more . 
  nothing came of it though . 
  people who campaign against drinking , whether harmful drinking or otherwise . 
  i 'd also be referring to friends who are more casually involved that that too . 
  one claim i 've heard from anti-drinking activists , and i do n't know if it 's true or not , is that we have an unusually high percentage of non-drinkers , so the drinking that is done and is therefore more visible is higher than national stats would seem to show . 
  that said , despite our reputation and the stereotypes , i have never noticed a difference when out with people from other countries . 
  edit : [ alcohol action ireland claim that 1 in 5 adults do n't drink in ireland . 
  ] ( http://alcoholireland.ie/facts/how-much-do-we-drink/ ) i wonder how that compare internationally . 
  a quick google seems to have a similar figure for the uk and a slightly higher figure for the us , but there is obviously issues with measuring this and there also seems to be a lot of regional divergence . 
  nobody has a gun to my head to work anywhere . 
  does n't mean i should n't have my workers rights respected . 
  there 's plenty of places that just do not have the same tourism push behind them . 
  if prices rise at the higher end more established places one would expect more of those smaller or less developed tourist sites to grow . 
  i 'm no citizenship law expert , but i 'm pretty sure our citizenship-by-descent laws do n't work like that . 
  i believe the relative you 're claiming citizenship from had to have citizenship when you were born . 
  we do n't allow passing it down the chain like that . 
  they may have hoped that their leaving would lead the eu to reform into something that they 'd want to be a part of . 
  or that in 15 years certain things that they see as problems would be solved ( e.g. 
  immigration ) . 
  approx 90 % catholic church , 5 % protestant churchs . 
  rest are others , multi-dom or non-dom .
