  it 's like the more extreme version of russia with its violently rampant racism , homophobia and corruption . 
  the country is literally run by oligarchs . 
  what makes you think it will integrate ? 
  `` representitive to population '' which can vary from a few thousand to a billion, 
  i replied to his comment the same way he replied to mine . 
  your comment is both reductionist , generalizing and ironic at the same time . 
  here , throw some more downvotes at me to try prove your point . 
  having been a human geography major who conducted studies as such and studied the `` art '' of this kind of research - these findings are very unreliable . 
  again , not applicable as we are talking about humans . 
   that is because you do n't know anything about statistics/probability math . 
  but i do know about how to conduct research on population samples as i used to major in human geography last year . 
  maths do not work well on humans . 
  especially when it is used to justify something that can be politically twisted to an agenda . 
  still do n't see how 1,600 people can be labeled as representative of russia 's 140mil population in a study which relies ( most logically ) on quantitative research . 
  the calculator would be useful in a situation where there was a specific focus group being questioned , but `` citizen of russia '' is definitely not specific enough in my opinion . 
  sample size : 1,600 people seems legit af, 
  fair enough . 
  also , for some reason i thought i was looking at lithuania from kaliningrad instead of the vice-versa, 
  weird that the border seems so unsecured considering lithuania is part of nato . 
  a couple centuries too late . 
  looks like your comment karma is about to plunge . 
  but it 's reassuring to see that there are still some sane people in this sub even though i have to scroll to the bottom of the page to see them . 
  there 's always a next time ) ) ), 
  had to google it . 
  link for those like me that do n't know what it means : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_hand_%28serbia%29, 
  always get a taxi from the hotel or an app on your phone ( uber or yandex ) , do n't accept random people on the street offering you a ride who look central asian . 
  st. pete 's is the most `` western '' in a sense city . 
  people are calm and friendly which can be a contrast to moscow 's ever rushing stressed out populace . 
  drivers are civil . 
  make sure to visit the peterhoff , a palace filled area outside of st.pete 's which peter the great commissioned to be build in honour of his victory over the swedes . 
  there 's a huge golden statue in the central entrance area of a man ripping a lions mouth open with his bare hands and a huge fountain jet shoots out of its mouth . 
  it got bombed to shit in ww2 but the soviets reconstructed all of it and the germans did n't find the buried works of art . 
  funnily enough , in some cases , neither did the soviets . 
  some of the statues in the `` french '' section of the park are actually plastic . 
  sorry i rambled on about random stuff , if you need more info , i 'm sure the question has been asked and answered many times in / r/russia . 
  search it up , many people have many insights . 
  the mod has banned a lot of pro-putin russians too , that place is special . 
  the friendly relationship between xi and putin has influenced many people 's view as china is portrayed as a strategic partner rather than adversary as it might have been n the past . 
  also , china 's the only one not disagreeing with us at the unsc . 
  come , you 'll love it !, 
  it 'll be cheaper to do so too now cause moscow is usually a very expensive city but with the devaluation of the currency , everything became cheaper for people with foreign cash . 
  st. pete 's is in my opinion the most beautiful city in the world , maybe second to geneva . 
  summer is hot and sunny , and winter is cold and snowy - do n't come in spring or autumn tho , muddy af . 
  you 're wrong . 
  this is going to be a lazy answer in comparison to yours , but i would like to simply say that the situation you described is not the case in russia . 
  we have openly oppositionist media sources like dozhd ' tv station ( which got installed as an app on my smarttv without my knowing after an update ) . 
  we have the radio station called echo moskvi which has been spreading western propaganda/anti-government opinions and receiving awards . 
  we have radio free europe which in russia is called radio svoboda . 
  you can read up on it on wikipedia , it played a huge role in getting past the ` iron curtain ' during the cold war era . 
  an anti-government russian-language sub called / r/politota uses many local russian news sources ( along with foreign of course ) to discuss issues they find important to them regarding how shit russia is ( according to them ) . 
  i live in the west , there is as much of an `` official party line '' here as there is in russia . 
  the disputes between tories and labour on tabloids are something you can observe in russia as well ( except it 'll be lib-dems vs commies or whatever ) . 
  we have facebook and twitter and 4chan and reddit . 
  something that cant be said about china , where the situation you described in your reply to me is actually applicable . 
  come to russia sometime , you 'll be shocked by how brainwashed you are . 
  up until the last sentence i was thinking of replying for real . 
  dude , there are * no * objective news sources . 
  rt is as biased as bbc or any foreign news platform . 
  i was mostly pointing out that op is obviously someone with an anti-russian agenda . 
  i 've had the opposite experience of what you described with the rare exception of people trolling to be russians and getting downvoted into oblivion . 
  most discussions here with the russians that do n't fit in with the general western agenda get downvoted or memed to hell . 
  there is constant brigading into r/russia by users who frequent this sub . 
  also i was under the impression that rt is banned here , so that leaves little room for us to post our view . 
  ny times is not an objective source of information and reading it 's sensationalist article on russia 's renewed love for stalin is comparable to reading the sun 's article on how many muslims support jihad . 
  stalin is always portrayed in a sinister light , be it in film or literature . 
  people in russia see him for who he was , a paranoiac despot who held the country together in its most dire years . 
  posted by the 2 month old acc called occupythekremlin ... and people say putin-bots are a problem . 
  can we get a source on this ? 
  i 'm not up for getting into a long argument dissecting every point you made . 
  however , i do feel the need to point out that unlike the us , we do not claim the victory of ww2 for only ourselves . 
  listen to putin 's speech during the last 9th of may parade . 
  no matter what you think of him what he says is the opposite of what you claim . 
  he thanks all the allied countries and says it was a combined effort . 
  even germans in germany who were actively opposing nazism . 
  how much do you get paid to say this shit or do you really have nothing better to do than argue with us backwards russians over the internet . 
  if you 're so convinced in the fact that i 'm a moron , why even bother talking to me ? 
  you ca n't change my opinion , you say so yourself . 
  wow , one hell of an accusation . 
  i have a life thank you , my only alt is a throwaway . 
  `` members of this forum '' = / = one guy do n't try . 
  plz . 
  `` closet ultra-nationalist '' kek, 
  i know , i kind of got dragged into this cause if anyone uninformed on the matter reads this , they might actually believe what he says without hearing a different view . 
  also i 'm a bit of a patriot so whenever someone shits on my country , i tend to get upset . 
  wonder why they have n't reported me yet for being a kremlin-bot or whatever . 
  lol , i cant believe you went through my comments , downvote spree ? 
   ukrainians are really russians where did i say that ? 
  i recognise ukrainian sovereignty and national determination . 
  i live with a ukrainian and never in my life would i call him a russian or expect him to claim to be one . 
   predicated upon their desire to annex slavic lands interesting view , not one i 've heard before tbh . 
  however even if it were the case , what is wrong with wanting to provide governance over ideologically and culturally and ethnically identical people . 
  orthodox slavs were having a very shit time living under ottomans and hungarians . 
  but in the end , the parallels are artificial and false . 
  your inverse whataboutism does n't work . 
  all the major leaders of the ussr had absolute power no matter their background , such as stalin , beria and brezhnev ( all non-russians fyi ), 
  lol no , that 's not my point . 
  my point is that the phrasing of the post title is not objective and has the political agenda of demonizing russians . 
  again , you fail to comprehend that different peoples of the world interacted differently and that the british empire was nothing like the russian ( or ussr ) . 
  the british empire 's majority were the indians btw , and unless they were ruling everyone , your point is irrelevant . 
  russians and ukrainians have been fraternal since the founding of the two nations .
