  we usually do n't notice them until a memorial is vandalized or if there is an outbreak of livestock related disease . 
  oh you know , just planning an invasion on east europe . 
  nothing better to do . 
  hello, 
  kasparov hates putin so he compared him to hitler . 
  it 's a shame that a genius like him is now a scandalous opposition leader . 
  it 's like he 's reading a script . 
  the posts i 've seen by him hold a strong viewpoint which i doubt can be changed through debate . 
  i doubt you 'll get anywhere with this but good luck . 
  this is so stupid, 
  i honestly doubt that these are the world class hotels the money was invested into for the visitors to use . 
  looks more like some super cheap private-owned hostels . 
  i doubt any of those journalists can afford to stay in radisson judging by the pictures of the place they payed for . 
  glad to hear that ) ) we are getting a bit of a nationalistic picture painted by the media back here in russia with a lot of banderovtsi supporters and stuff, 
  i do n't even know what to say to this ... makes me sad to be a dual national of a country that made you . 
  fair enough , thanks . 
  any reason as to why it 's in russian ? 
  i thought the whole point was to be against the kremlin and stuff . 
  this is a genuine question btw , no sarcasm intended . 
  there is an animal farm joke in there somewhere . 
  and may i ask why it is `` a million times worse '' ? 
  like there is n't enough cultural conflict on this sub already . 
  give me examples of killers getting away with murder of gays in russia . 
  i personally have never heard of such a thing . 
  not alone in that one , my family moved from saratov for the exact same reason : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_famine_of_1932%e2%80%9333, 
  the reply was so good that i think people would think this is set up haha, 
  are we to blame for any of the grievances ukraine is suffering from ? 
  on many occasions , i have heard ukrainians claiming that russia is the reason the country is corrupt and filled with criminal organisation . 
  how true is this from your point of view ? 
  are there any examples that we may have messed up that our media is n't talking about ? 
  very constructive, 
  i highly doubt kremlin cares what reddit thinks, 
  you can be gay , russia is n't saudi arabia where gays get a death penalty . 
  considering that i understood it ( cause i studied german for 2 years ) , i do n't think it 's not ok to link german material to a sub which is presumably for european use , including german speakers . 
  also when we say the jokes , we say them really slowly , do n't know if its the same for others . 
  as a russian , i can say the same thing about all the photos of russian rednecks and chavs . 
  the album in general has a weird selection of photos . 
   you 're the only ones who continue thumbing your noses into our affairs we are the only ones who actually care what happens in ukraine . 
  the reason we do not wish to let you go is mostly economic . 
  if our markets were n't so intertwined and reliant on each others we would n't give a damn like the case with the baltic states . 
  russians see ukrainians as the closest ( cultural/ideological ) ally . 
  when something bad happens in ukraine , russians trully feel remorse as though it was our own people suffering . 
  saying that this hate is bred by contemporary propaganda would be mostly incorrect , as the people who hate russia now , hated it before . 
  this has been the case with half of your country even during ww2 with the banderovtsi . 
  there has always been hate fueled by nationalistic pride . 
  keeping in mind that there probably would n't be a ukraine thanks to the afore-mentioned poles . 
   at the very least , we 'll have the guarantee of a functioning judicial system thats what georgia thought . 
  saakashvili did end all of the corruption in the country . 
  but guess what ? 
  its what people are used to . 
  it 's usually more than just the politicians , it 's all the people . 
  oh and dont think we enjoy this shit , we have the exact same thing in our country and people are angry at corrupt chinovniki and the sort . 
   we 're fed up with the internal corrupting forces of the donetsk criminals ... and the russian ones sponsoring or whatnot that wont stop unless you guys take action yourself , outside help wont root out crime . 
  its an internal issue . 
   if the russians living in ukraine want to cause problems because of their hatred for the ukrainian language and culture first time i hear of such a thing , i guess i 'm a fostered child or watever . 
  do n't see how this has anything to do with eu . 
  most of my ukrainian friends talk in russian . 
  never had an experience of cultural conflict . 
  always seems more like we connect better than say russians and brits . 
  ukraine has already had a ` revolution ' , but its still the same old cause that is just how people are . 
  trying to blame it on someone is not gon na get you very far . 
  bud ` lasko explain , what do you expect to change when ukraine joins eu ? 
  lol so west ukrainian i presume ? 
  we throw in a word or two in russian when we talk on / r/russia to assure others of our legitimacy if it is at stake . 
  changing your banners wo n't change the people flying them . 
  ukrainians are the hardcore version of russian in the east and the poor version of polish in the west . 
  you wont turn german upon entry in the eu . 
  something that even the russian politicians get wrong when they threaten ukraine with an immanent rise of homosexuality and drug abuse . 
  correct source : russian, 
  it stops the wine from pouring, 
  churki is n't what you would use for chechens , it is aimed at people who have slanted eyes and look like asians , not at the arab looking chechens ( or azerbaijanis for that matter ), 
  most of the immigrants are from tajikistan and kyrgistan , sovereign countries . 
  nowadays ? 
  lol, 
  havent actually seen this , but yeah , it 's a shame that even he got caught up in the dirty world of politics . 
  you guys do n't actually think that this is normal for us right ? 
  the spd 's argument was the most coherent in the article yat it was called out to be somewhat of an inferior mindset . 
  why would people vote for them in germany then ? 
  one of the most russo-phobic articles i 've read to date . 
  i think this map was focused on the eu mostly . 
  ukraine also seems to be left unlabeled, 
  relax , we 're just showing off power, 
   and we will remember the past . 
  any time !, 
  the quality for both spiked up insanely because nobody else but russia actually buys georgian wines and mineral waters . 
  serioulsy , some of the wines nowadays have become amazing . 
  lol, 
  it says further down in that thing that moscow , followed by istanbul , are the biggest and is simply not part of the list cause its not in the eu . 
  otherwise [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_urban_areas_by_population ) is the list of urban areas by population, 
  those who are well off are now going against the government . 
  i personally am fine with our current government . 
  it is horribly corrupt and all but its better than that fucker gorbachev who sold the country , or the drunk idiot yeltsin . 
  since putin came , for the first time in ages our country is respected ( and feared in some cases ) . 
  he leads a strong international policy . 
  internally we have a long way to go to utopia but it always has been rough . 
  be it an empire , the soviet union or a federation, 
  we have a dictatorship lol , nobody but putin will have power for the next 10 years . 
  and after that it 'll be medvedev again , and then putin for two more terms . 
  dont worry , those that are in power wont let nobody take it from them . 
  yeah but this is done to please the idiots in our country .
