  they killed people on the ideology that some were inferior to others because of their race . 
  the complete opposite ideology of the communists which was that everyone is equal regardless of race and gender . 
  the soviet union lost 20 million people in this war which we did not start ( 14m of which were civilians ) . 
  they took on the most toughest forces of germany during that war . 
  and yet people feel like it is unfair that they imposed a certain political rule over a country after preventing its own destruction . 
  yes , the soviets commited war crimes in greater numbers than the rest of the allies ( all of whom are guilty of of the same war crimes ) . 
  but that is because there were way more people involved in the war on the eastern front than that of the west . 
  more people = more crime . 
  its a question of scale , not of how evil a nation is . 
  except that this is a memorial for the dead soldiers of wwii from all of the soviet and allied countries that died fighting the nazi regeeme . 
  its like if i pissed on someones grave and said it does n't hurt anyone and fertilises the earth . 
  i could think of a joke for each , only the german and the american are in the same joke most of the time, 
  in russia we joke about so many countries that it 's hard to pinpoint one single country we rip on the most . 
   such as the huge flooding not completely because of it , but a `` soft recession '' can be prolonged and ecouraged due to this also lots of money is being thrown since march at getting down on illegal immigrants and mafia, 
  thats true , the politics between our countries are very unfriendly ( because of reasons ), 
  we are sympathetic to the ussr because it was far more powerful than russia today . 
  but trust us on this one : we do not want ukraine back . 
  waaaay too much nazism and russophobia there ( especially the west ) . 
  due to internal issues such as the huge flooding we have going on in the east atm, 
  if we are gon na reference historical actions of a country that does not excist anymore and blame them on russia , we can do the same for almost all of the eu ( germany , finland , italy etc. 
  etc. ), 
  ti govorish vse pravilno v etom thread , no slishkom agresivno . 
  your username seems relevant, 
  the newest one is he greatest one in my opinion . 
  ( 2035 ) i dont think its been published in english yet tho . 
  this is a good example of do n't judge a book by by its cover . 
  if they did , i 'd be doing it with him . 
  the government does n't give a fuck about some small subreddit on an american website . 
  reddit is not where most people get their information from and neither is it held as a valid source . 
  honestly , how much do they pay you to ask the same question to every pro-russian post ? 
  i was using my uni as an example because i know it best , i have friends in other unis who do similar courses and the experience is much alike ( exeter , ucl , king 's , royal holloway ) . 
  what i am saying is , the claim i am making was taught to me in a university which largely supports western views . 
  it is not a false claim . 
   false claims  not based on reality . 
  i think i can read fairly well . 
   promise made to russia by nato ok , change it to `` promise made to russia for nato not to approach '' . 
  stop dragging this argument out on how who said what , it 's pointless . 
  you believe words said by western leaders when deciding the collapse of the soviet union were not ratified . 
  i on the other hand believe that you should n't make promises you ca n't keep , it deceitful to do so . 
  both claims can be stood by depending on what you hold as more important ( or fitting to your convictions ) . 
  th `` blabbering '' was in address to : `` west being some british university ? '', 
  [ internationally , queen mary is ranked 98th in the 2014/15 qs world university rankings , and 19th in the uk . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_mary_university_of_london#rankings ) follow the link and you 'll see its ranked highly in loads of things . 
  i 'm not saying it 's ucl but its still better than most unis in the world . 
  ~ ~ including the best university i could go to back in russia . ~ ~ nvm , that 's wrong , but chances of me getting into a uni like that with my connections are very slim , and they 're not ranked that much higher . 
  strange how you went from saying that the promises are false claims made up by russians to support their agenda , to saying that the individuals making these statements were n't `` in any position '' . 
  at least try to stick to one story instead of throwing all of your cards on the table, 
  well yes , west in all means . 
  i had to do a translation for a russian module about some guy who was shit-talking putin . 
  there is a lot of not mentioning ussr in the list of allies who defeated germany , italy and japan ( which is fucking mental imho ) . 
  soviets are seen as evil in regards to their actions in east europe . 
  however , they still teach in the put-in-their-shoes method while discussing matters concerning russia . 
  there are a lot of experts on these matters one of which is the author of these slides . 
  we look at classical , revisionist and post-revisionist explanation to each conflict . 
  this is why british education is globally accepted to be one of the best . 
  the university name is deductible by googling the email on the first slide . 
  on the 6th slide is the thing i claimed earlier . 
  i can link you the slides in a few . 
  it 's just that this is the stuff i learnt in the `` west '' whilst people dismiss this as russian propaganda, 
  that was not the message i was trying to get across when posting that map . 
  see my reply to angryteabag . 
  i did n't mean in the sense that because those lands used to be ours , they should be ours now . 
  i was addressing the `` tourists '' comment you made by highlighting the fact that most of the so called tourists are locals with russian roots who believe that they will benefit from succeeding to russia . 
  the yugoslav wars were not black and white . 
  i personally have serbian friends who lost friends and family . 
  [ and as for ukraine . 
  ] ( http://orientalreview.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/map1.jpg ) hope that clarifies why there are so many `` tourists '' in their own lands . 
  as if the serbs were the bad guys in that clusterfuck of a conflict . 
  croats were the first to fire shots at serbs fyi . 
  seeing as this is still up , and as the old saying goes `` you miss 100 % of the shots you do n't take , '' here 's my application . 
  * account age  1 year yes * 500 + combined karma from any subreddits yes * be on reddit at least once per day to review the mod queue yes * have experience as a moderator ( or similar ) similar experience includes being mod for a sub where the design for / r/russia was tested do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox ) ? 
  limited experience but i have the resources to improve what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  mostly gmt and sometimes utc +3 , i 'm on reddit most of the time what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe my favourite thing about / r/europe are the posts in which people get to exchange their cultures and lives based on where they are in europe . 
  my least favourite thing is that there is a heavy political tension due to the current geopolitical events happening in europe at the moment . 
  what could be implemented to make it better ? 
  figure out who is comment brigading and track down which users who are pulling a / u/unidan with vote manipulation through multiple alternate accounts . 
  what would make you a good moderator ? 
  the ability to question myself . 
  also the diversification i would represent without making it too scary for users who see a russian flair . 
  i try to stay polite most of the time and am heavily against generalizations and ad hominems aimed at individuals or their respective countries . 
  also i am a frequent user of / r/russia so some insider knowledge and understanding might prove useful to curb the tension between these two subs . 
  in any case , i am loyal and would not do anything stupid to have the position taken away from me . 
  thanks for reading this even if i do n't make it !, 
  have a nice one !, 
  too long ? 
  germany and france shot down gwbush 's proposal to include ukraine because it goes against the promise made to russia by nato ( even though it has already been broken ) . 
  edit : i know there is a loophole in the promise not being writ down on paper . 
  this still does not change the fact that france and germany shot down the proposal of inviting ukraine and georgia for it would be a direct provocation of russia , as they had not done anything at that moment to warrant such hostile interventions . 
  edit2 : got ta love all these downvotes for relaying something i learnt in a british uni . 
  not the same guy , but basically the us and whomever they control/manipulate to get their ends when in a conflict with us . 
  and we genuinely love them for this . 
  aside from historical and cultural ties with russia , serbs saw the worst of western hypocrisy . 
  shhhhhhhh, 
   i 've never heard that nicholas was called other than emperor was what he said . 
  which would be impossible if he is indeed from russia . 
  i 'm not arguing the fact that he was called emperor , rather the fact that it 's the only thing people call him . 
  everyone calls him tsar . 
  got russian flair , i confirm that that is the case . 
  the guy simply got it wrong and does n't want to admit his mistake . 
  `` integration with the west '' what sort of image do people have of ukraine ?
