  if nobody does these rants , then somebody unaproved will come , and then maybe shit will start happening . 
  zhirinovsky is just playing a role , he is n't actually crazy . 
  exactly , that is why he is put in place as the `` leader of extremists '' . 
  he wont actually do shit but he will scream and shout about doing it . 
  lol people still think zhirinovski is a legit politician who 's international political oppinion matters in russia . 
  he is just a fake dude put in place to please the extremists ( so the extremists do not elect their own real leader ) . 
  he never does anything that the higher ups do not aprove of . 
  off tv , he is a very stable and normal guy who doesnt actually believe in any of the shit he is payed to say . 
  aight , whilst cnn was reporting advancing russian troops ransacking georgian cities and showing footage of what was happening , russia was being shocked to the core that south osetia ( a region of russia on the border with georgia ) was being bombarded and georgian tanks were roaming the towns . 
  the footage being shown by the cnn was exactly of those tanks and the men on the tanks were shouting in georgian ( which is not from the same family of languages as russian so there can be no confusion ) . 
  granted by the warsaw pact , russians had peacekeeper outposts in georgia similar to those of americans in germany . 
  a large number of those were attacked and the russians were executed on the spot . 
  then came putin and did what the media was reporting him of doing . 
  sent a division ( i think it was a division ) into south osetia . 
  the georgian troops found in the area were immediately killed and then the russians went into advance onto georgian civilian territory to make sure that they get rid of the threat at the doorstep . 
  this is the action most people decided to remember ( for it was pretty rough ) and forget all the things that happened prior to this . 
  now cnn removes all footage of georgian troops as they get called out by even those that came onto their show ( there is an interview of a georgian girl and a woman where they start off by agreeing with the things cnn says and then before the interview gets intentionally cut off they manage clarify that the georgians were the first to attack ) . 
  we believe that georgia attacked because being a member of nato , they would get backed by american troops ( which obviously didnt happen ) . 
  instead they got backed by the media . 
  georgians at that moment are split in two , those that hate the killer of civilians putin , and those that hate president sakashvili for starting a war with the most powerful neighbour that immediately puts up a trading embargo on all georgian produce drastically shocking the georgian economy . 
  also , as support to those that hate putin for his overly drastic actions , there comes a story of putins childhood . 
  he used to have a georgian step-father whom he hated very much so it is only logical that he should take all of his anger out on the georgian people . 
  those that hate sakashvili might also be bringing their hate towards him for slighly irrelevant reasons . 
  russia is very corrupt and this reflects a lot on its neighbours . 
  everything works fine if you play along with the game . 
  some of the things that are written down as a bribe are not considered so in usa and germany . 
  for example a company is not alowed to give money to a political party to help run its campaign in personal interest . 
  this is perfectly legal in the us . 
  ( btw sorry for sidetracking here just about to sleep and writing whatever comes to mind ) . 
  georgia as part of the ussr was also under the influence of such heavy corruption . 
  the country worked that way and people like the police were satisfyed with their earn as it was compensated for by bribes . 
  then came sakashvili and got rid of corruption ( which is fucking impressive ) . 
  so a lot of people hated him for that as well for they have been living in corruption and this is how things worked . 
  anywho , this went into detail about the wrong things really , the first few lines are the only ones that relate to the subject . 
  so yah ... sorry tl ; dr they started it, 
  we are a difficult people  my karma score on this sub is -40 something , that just goes to show, 
  i would explain my view on this but this subreddit would not easily agree with me on it an it would end in an argument with loads of `` proof '' of how wrong i am . 
  it would be simpler for me to just agree with you, 
  we can only hope, 
  i got a couple of finnish friends and from what they tell me , its mostly the younger generations that hate russia ( mind you they are 19 ) . 
  also we do pull some crazy stunts like randomly having fighter jets fly over nato airspace . 
  but hell , at least we aint invading anyone anymore  for now, 
  makes sence . 
  and its gotten worse with ukraine over the years . 
  mainly with the west part . 
  a lot of the third world countries and most socialist countries adore us . 
  it is the countries of the developed world that bred hate over the centuries of constant wars . 
  i think they were taking a piss out of your friend . 
  we are fully aware of how much our north-western neighbours hate us . 
  ahhh !, 
  lol , well i feel a bit stupid hahaha , no wonder i never heard of it . 
  but yeah , exactly this : `` he has to remind of his existence every once in a while '', 
  ... that makes it sound even more ridiculous firstly because i have never heard of this uni ( and i was looking into international relations for undergraduate ) . 
  secondly because how big can this `` otdel '' in this uni be ? 
  `` moscow specialist on the cis '' ... ... . . what the fuck is that ??? 
  thats like saying `` paris specialist on the scandinavian countries '', 
   your entire basis of the quality of a leader is based on their military prowess where did i say this ? 
  no , because they were people , people that died fighting for the survival of our country and in turn for the countries we ended up occupying . 
  i am also pretty sure not all of the people in the statue were in the red army . 
  the old guy on the left is probably a partisan . 
  and that guy is wrong , there is a reason it is a pamyatnik and not a statuya . 
  pyamat ' is memory in russia . 
  this is a statue in the memory of those that died . 
  in russia a lot of soldiers died and were never identified . 
  memorials such as these are erected in the memory of those who have been forgotten . 
  edit : btw , i fully understand the hate from the baltics , but i also hope for it to be directed at the government , not the people, 
  one line of that whole text was whataboutism and you decided to take that as the basis of my argument ? 
  well then as i said further down in my comments , we should have just left you guys with the nazis if you didnt want cases of rape and pillage from battle worn soldiers . 
  not everyone who serves in the army is a knight in shining armor . 
  but that does n't mean that everyone in the soviet army was a monster just because of the actions of those that were . 
  this monuments stands for the comemoration of those that died fighting on the soviet side during the wwii : russians , ukranians , belorussians bulgarians , estonians , latvians , lithuanians , polish , romanians and the czechoslovakians . 
  do n't ever forget that . 
  again witht the typical stereotype shit . 
  all russians hate stalin fyi . 
  he was an amazing ruler but a terrible person , almost like hitler ( who in my oppinion was an even better leader because he was n't as paranoid as stalin even after multiple assassination attempts ) . 
  and no , i wont go `` fuck myself '' because what you described is an economic problem , where an industrial failure led to recession . 
  these soldiers have nothing to do with what the soviet union did after the war though !!!, 
  discrediting them of honour for what atrocities the ussr commited decades after they died is not fair !, 
  what i am originally pissed of at is the fact that this war memorial gets defaced and people call it art because the soldiers that the memorial commemorates were the bloody soviets . 
  and then when i say those soldiers did nothing to deserve disrespect , people like you , that hate all that is communist , bring up examples of stalinist purges and shit like afghanistan which happened in the 80 's under a different ruler and with different people . 
   so they liberated eastern europe and that gives them the right to install puppet governments , kill thousands of people and strip people of their rights . 
  better than colonising nations and slaughtering innocents without an excuse to do so . 
  tbh , due to thankless people like you , i wish it was possible for russia to have won the war and left all those countries under german occupation . 
  russia wouldnt have to deal with these bullshit haters and russophobes cause you would all be dead !, 
  but then i remember that the world is not completely ignorant , that there are people who look past propaganda and learn to judge . 
  and that too many of my friends would n't be alive , and that too many beautiful countries full of history and culture would no longer exist . 
  and that i wouldnt be able to get a foreign education . 
  read the article yourself , you might learn that it is only assumed by some scholars to be an act of genocide but is accepted by most to be a result of economical problems . 
  assumptions are nothing against facts . 
  he did not provide for a systematic extermination of 12 million people due to race , diasability and birth defects, 
  go.fuck.yourself . 
  ( idgaf about karma here )  repressed for 45 years by red army soldiers . 
  they were not repressed by `` red army '' ** soldiers ** . 
  they were politically controlled by the soviet government . 
  the monument which was defaced does not honor governments or the soviet leaders , but the soldiers that gave their lives fighting for their ( and other ) country during the wwii . 
  and yet people hate and disrespect their memory even though they died before the war was ended , before the chech republic came under soviet rule . 
   the soviet union was almost as bad as nazi germany typical brainwashed westerner ideology bullshit where since the cold war , you have been comparing the soviets to nazis !, 
  look upon thyselves and thine actions before criticizing others !, 
  funding genocides in other countries , starting wars upon countries that were turning communist , creating internal disputes and destabilising entire nations for your own good !, 
  the nazis were all about mass extermination ( and enslavement in the case of slavs ) of races .
