  and i am not going to get into a discussion about crimea because i 'm sure you can guess my stance on that ( hint : 3/4 people there are russian and the territory was ukrainian only for the past 60 years , 40 of which were almost still part of russia through the ussr ), 
  we do n't want to invade europe !!!, 
  stop fearmongering ffs !!, 
  the problem is that poles and the like are taught from birth that all russians are evil and will someday invade . 
  i do n't think that they realize that we do not see ourselves invading europe ever . 
  all this `` polish army standing between putin and europe '' shit is so freaking annoying . 
  hah i learned this from day one in this sub . 
  started off with -49 comment karma . 
  unfortunately , being the kremlin dog that i am , it is forbidden for me to do any of those things you listed . 
  i must endure !, 
  no , communism as an ideology is about equality ( class , gender and race ) and is very anti-imperial . 
  having read the manifesto i can most certainly say its message is not to go and kill minorities or destroying human rights . 
  if we look at the most warmongering machines of the west , all of them are democratic . 
  does this mean democracy calls for death and destruction ? 
  you forget that the russians suffered as well , we lost 20mil ( lowest estimate ) people in wwii , and during stalin 's purges ( estimated 40mil victims ) , a disproportionately huge number of those sentenced to gulags and killed were russians . 
  as a russian , i see no need in `` soul-searching '' for i personally have done nobody any wrong . 
  neither has anyone in my family tree . 
  and if there were , i do n't see why i should . 
  i have a german friend whose grandfather served in the army in nazi germany during wwii . 
  should i have him call me up every weekend and tell me he 's sorry his grandpa killed some of my countrymen under direct orders ? 
  you should get over the whole hating-a-whole-country-for-what-it-did-in-the-past thing . 
  that serves no purpose . 
  you 're right , it 's in our blood . 
  just sitting here jerking off to pics of dead people as i type this . 
  seriously though , how badly can you hate a country to say that it is `` driven by ideology of death and destruction '' ? 
  your ancestors from korelia or something ? 
  also , i 'm pretty sure mao killed more people than stalin , making his regime the worst of 20th century . 
  it is rather unfortunate that not everyone has a balanced approach to this like you . 
  omg !, 
  i think they buried stalin , it would probably be lenin, 
  ssh !, 
  putin 's the bad guy in this sub , do n't ruin it, 
  better than having them freak out on tv . 
  i do n't think i 've actually ever seen a fazed putin . 
  i do n't know how putin 's mind works but he seems to be laughing at all the sanctions being imposed . 
  politicians added to the `` black lists '' are using that as a sign of status . 
  sort of like `` see ? 
  we 're doing stuff , we even got blacklisted !, 
  vote for us ! '', 
  and some of those politicians you would n't want to climb any higher cause they 're idiots . 
  it was already falling before the whole ukraine biz went down with the government saying something like `` its to stabilize internal economy , after we do we 'll raise the ruble again . '', 
  the ruble has finally started rising as of tuesday ( i think ) . 
  tbh , the rest of the sanctions are pretty laughable to our general public , so in theory , albania 's contribution to the cause is just as valuable as any other contry 's . 
  we 're all optimists here though so there is nothing to worry about ... nothing at all, 
  i have my own opinion on this but i really do n't think i 'll be able to convince you ( neither do i need to ) . 
  but i do not deny accepting the fact that this may look different for you than it does for me . 
  we got ta keep up with the competition . 
  and the sort of info like `` oh some random dude who worked in the kremlin as a janitor 30 years ago said that russia has already launched their nukes at all the capitals in the world '' that keeps on popping up on frontpage kept there by simple inertia of upvotes , helps reinforce the image of us being outright insane rather than a people with their own interests ( such as having a strong economy and stable neighbors ) . 
  am i the only one skeptical that such an advert exists and was n't simply made in photoshop ? 
  that makes a lot of sense actually , thanks, 
  `` manifestatsiya '' , `` protest '' and `` demonstratsia '' in russian so its not just romance, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  they never said maidan was being run by jews , the people running maidan from the praviy sector were the ones calling for the cleansing from the jewish people . 
  the russian regions of the country are the ones with the biggest jewish population ( excluding kiev now ) i thought it would be obvious : the rich one is pro-maidan . 
  it is not that simple though , but i am glad you have evaluated the issue to some extent . 
  all i want to say is that in russia , the majority believes that we are not the bad guys , and whilst there may be some selfish reasons ( such as the possibility of reclaiming an illegally given region , or the use of that land to funnel gas into europe , military base , and yadda yadda ) , the russian people hold no malice towards the ukrainians that do not call for the ethnic cleansing of the zhidovo-moskal ` skaya ( jewish-russian ) cancer that plagues ukraine . 
  most of us see ukrainians as brothers . 
  i personally only have 2 ukrainian friends , one pro-maidan and the other one anti . 
  and the difference between them is that one is rich and the other is poor . 
  or you know , we actually like ukrainians and do n't believe in the bullshit the media has been feeding you guys about russia 's plans of taking ukraine ( and the rest of europe apparently ) for itself . 
  well you did conquer more countries than we did, 
  first time i hear of sovrom ( unsurprisingly ) but to be fair , we lost 20 million people . 
  ca n't expect a nation to recover from that in a completely `` clean '' manner . 
  people were standing in lines for hours for toilet paper and the wrong sized shoes , and that was in the 80s . 
  liberation from whom ? 
  if we coulda left em ( knowing the way people would hate us later on ) , we woulda . 
  unfortunately germany is far away and to ensure our enemy 's defeat the soviets had to go thought east europe . 
  that costs resources and human lives . 
  i am not justifying the crimes made against human rights by the soviets after the war but the fact remains , the common russians went through hardships of the soviet regime as well . 
  people tend to think that we lived like imperial occupiers reaping on the products of our `` colonies '' . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiev_expedition_ ( 1018 ) well the polish started it  edit : here 's the list i 'm looking at http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93russian_war, 
  well the polish took moscow once and we even had a polish tsar for a bit . 
  not to mention the occupation of modern-day ukraine by the polish ( which back then was part of rus ' ) . 
  if we use those as reasons to hate each other in modern days , neither will get very far . 
  no , i can see how the slaughter of polish intelligence and the invasion of czechoslovakia pissed people off but the monument erected in sofia is not dedicated to the nkvd or the soldiers of the 1960 's . 
  i do not mention holodomor because ukrainians were not the only ones that suffered . 
  it 's was poor soviet planning that affected many russians too as this scheme was implemented all over the soviet union . 
  personally , my family was forced to flee the hunger in saratov in the 30 's caused by the famine or `` holodomor '' as it is called in ukraine . 
  trains full of confiscated wheat were standing in the stations . 
  many people died from eating that grain cause it was already beginning to give roots ( which makes poisonous or something ) . 
  this is why i mention the other monument . 
  the people that died have nothing to do with the politics that followed, 
  so sad that a monument dedicated to the fallen soviet soldier that died fighting the nazis in bulgaria is given such treatment . 
  i highly doubt that those whom this monument represents had anything to do with the political oppression that followed , or the politics of today . 
  why do n't they deface the shipka memorial as well ? 
  lots of russians died there too . 
  bulgaria probably would have not even existed . 
  tl ; dr russian redditor 's opinion - downvotes this way, 
  we 've been demolishing lenin statues ever since the fall of the soviet union . 
  what makes you think we want them ? 
  it 's the monuments to fallen soldiers that we care about, 
  the part where estonian nationalists threatened to blow it up is what concerns me most , not the part that they moved it . 
  i think some remains were even sent to their respective families . 
  what i guess i wanted to say is `` disrespect '' rather than vandalism . 
  its just the sofia statue came to mind first . 
  that 's the one that comes to mind , along with the one in sofia that got painted . 
  it 's a big chunk of land and ukraine aint that big of a country to begin with . 
  it also brings a lot of money into ukraine from russia through tourism and military, 
  if i tell you , the kgb will come knocking on my door and send me to siberia . 
  but on a more serious note , no .
