  from what i get , they just do n't want to be with champagne-ardennes . 
  plus they have the concordat to protect . 
  i do n't know when it started because it was gradual . 
  but yeah we have been like that for centuries . 
  you are talking about the uk or england ? 
  because france is not in this situation . 
  not really . 
  we have been centralised for a while , it is just how we work . 
  eddit : the reform was done to reduce spendings , some fusion are weird and do n't make sense though . 
  the push for homogeneisation was made a long time ago in france . 
  they arrived decades , hell maybe a century or two , late to the battle . 
  i wonder if they know how a centralised state work , we are not a f\u00e9d\u00e9ration . 
  regions have 0 power . 
  plus the change is mostly administrative . 
  yeah , it 's pretty clear they mixted up results on a nationnal level . 
  greek austerity was done in such a stupid way . 
  the only thing it will do is lead to civil unrest , not bring back the economy . 
  southern economies do n't work like northen ones tbh , cutting spending will not just do it . 
  you have to rethink , destroy , rebuilt and develop what need to be , to get a stronger core ( with the robotic , numeric and ecologic revolution it is the right time ) . 
  we have less indiustry and work on services , some of us are built on our internal demand ( which is not germany 's case ) doing this in our situation is just self destructive . 
  the lack of fiscal union , cooperation and completly open economies do n't help either . 
  also we do n't have the same mentality some stuff might be of normal for a german but not for a greek , a spannish or an italian . 
  we can be self-centred but our mentallity is very different do n't worry ( plus we also have a debt problem ) . 
  it would help too , to have a more united front . 
  but we need stronger politics and people with a larger point of view at the head of our countries . 
  when i read your comment i just though on the spannish hold on netherland . 
  i do n't know if portugal has historical link with netherland though . 
  belgium would be mising too ( and the british isles : x ) . 
  jupp\u00e9 will not be miraculous , he has own casseroles plus he is right wing . 
  sarkozy is not liked but he has a strong core within the party . 
  hollande has no chances , do n't worry . 
  but french election are getting more and more impredictable . 
  yeah , for spain i heard it is not going to end soon . 
  ie , no ? 
  irland , netherland ? 
  norway , i just got it . 
  it is mostly western but there is links to southern europe , much more than you believe ( southern france , also strong latin influences as i said ) . 
  france is difficult to place in europe , because the `` northen/southern '' rift go right through it . 
  lol , you can wait all you want . 
  latin roots and mediterranean parts . 
  it is much more southern than northen . 
  french do n't hate italian either . 
  why do poeple think we hate them ? 
  i have to say the fact that untrained people feel the need to go stab people , do not rassure me more . 
  dude , france is radical on secularism , this is the basis of our society . 
  it is historical . 
  you also have the problem of the french election next year . 
  it is going to be a shit show . 
  the spanish lack of gouvernement wo n't help either to construct strong fondations . 
  a fracture between different part of the population , the muslim are just one of them . 
  and it is not hatred per say ( for the moment ) . 
  i agree , for me it is not a good sign on the short run . 
  i would like us ( if you want us in ) to emerge as a group but individually , we have soo many internal problems right now . 
  but this call for being closer was made a long time ago and is made again and again , and it might mark something bigger on the long run . 
  we did n't have austerity on the level of greece and spain . 
  the lack of hope play the most for me . 
  look at our politcal landscape or the fr\u00e9n\u00e9sie of the media . 
  everybody is throwing oil on fire . 
  france mostly do it for itself . 
  and we are less an less involved in eu policies who do n't affect us directly . 
  lol yeah . 
  yep , but civil unrest is already there . 
  just look at the labor law , we have n't seen that type of violence in manefestations in a while . 
  i do n't think we will go that far . 
  plus we are kind of in the middle of a political crisis too . 
  since we already lost a lot of influence , exepct us to fight for the little one left with touth and nail . 
  we have strong historical link outside of the eu . 
  africa is still a french playground even if the chinnese are gainning influences . 
  hmmm not really , this is not the core of the problem . 
  it is feeding on something already there for a long time in france . 
  the eu has little to do with it . 
  sarkozy an valls agitations are much more to blame . 
  tbh they were probably repercussions . 
  not long ago we had an article on r : france about the nsa hacking the elysee in 2012 . 
  but since we also spy on them , it stayed behind close doors ( we also spy on germany i have no doubt on it , everybody spy on everybody ) . 
  the rift was there looong before the attacks . 
  but it got really serious about ten years ago ( probably with the economical crisis when i think about it ) . 
  yeah , i have a hard time being hopeful . 
  i see confrontation between people on a regulard basis and i have never seen so much communautarism in my life . 
  the fact that the justice and the police is so dysfonctional do n't help either . 
  plus the way poeple talk changed a lot over the years . 
  people are really on the edge , yes . 
  well i entended in the sense that , they are not people with long track records behind them . 
  just like you said with nice . 
  we know it , tbh . 
  we just do n't know how far we will go . 
  i see , no majority , no gouvernement . 
  parlementary system can be problematic that way . 
  at least brussels does n't bother you now . 
  well good luck . 
  it is what make it harder . 
  radicalized people are basicaly ordinary people . 
  it is hard to detect and act without falling into worrying trends . 
  but an attack on a place like notre dame could throw us in a very dark place . 
  we do n't have that much patience left . 
  he is taking the place of the traditional left , he was more radical before but since the ps left the room , there is a big void to be filled . 
  add to it some stuff about ecology ( transition energetique , a reflection about global-warming and it 's consequences etc ) and diplomacy ( rethinking our place on the international chess play ) . 
  he is also proposing a sixth republic . 
  i kind of like the dkk design . 
  plus free baguettes for everyone who can disagree , you should add free croissants in the menu ( even if you lie , it is not important ) .
