  they wo n't change the law now , do n't worry . 
   he still takes home the prettiest girl there ( denmark , probably ) he is more or less in a commited relationship with germany ( though it might not stop him , if you go by the stereotype ) . 
  while england is probably drunk texting insults ( but also some very hot text messages ) to france . 
  is n't france kind of canada 's parent ? 
  ( i know france sleeped with half of the world but still ... ), 
  were n't the spanish and the dutch involved too ? 
  and ? 
  why does it matter in this conversation all of sudden ? 
  is n't french trudeau 's mother tongue too ? 
  haiti rebelled because the french revolution gave them ideas . 
  there is n't any real `` war on drugs '' . 
  the police do n't really care unless you sell it . 
  everybody would be ready for decriminalization but lawmakers are not into the topic . 
  it is , those places are just bad neighbourhoods . 
  yep . 
  if germany deal with it like it did with the migrant crisis , i am kind of scared ( the migrant crisis could have been dealt with better , it is far from a success ) . 
  i do n't know in my family the day we do cr\u00eapes / pancakes is la chandeleur we 've never done them for mardis gras . 
  after we never celebrated mardis gras so i ca n't tell you . 
  let 's not get into details . 
  i did n't know , thanks . 
  do n't you mean la chandeleur ? 
  yeah they are awful , but you are not supposed to eat them alone . 
  they are mostly exist to remplace fresh bread tbh , not everyone have the time to buy some in the morning and a baguette barely last a day . 
  breakfast offers in hotel is always bigger and more diverse . 
  but yeah breakfast is not that important in france . 
  we barelly eat and some poeple do n't even take one . 
  i hope you had a big lunch to compensate , because this is where it get serious for us . 
   i just assumed that what she meant was that and not baguettes for some reason . 
  do n't worry , baguettes are used like toast ( it is bread in the end ) . 
  also croissant is for special occasion ... or the 10 o'clock pause at work . 
   thinly sliced bits of toast that are very crisp err dunno the name ? 
  a lot of people eat baguettes in the morning with butter , confiture or both ( the best is when it is still hot ) . 
  it is either that or a toast to go with the coffe . 
  it is so poetic . 
  yeah and we still used it until the late 70 early 80 's . 
  austerity mesures , unemployement , debt etc. 
  and you got hit pretty hard by the crisis . 
  and how many polish soldiers died in france ? 
  what did poland do for france in wwii ? 
  do you really want to get in those kind of arguments ? 
   poles to work abroad under their own laws ... at least in france . 
  hein ? 
  wait , what ? 
  norway applied to get in the eu ? 
  more or less . 
  if you go back to the grand-parents , i think it makes a good part of the population . 
  well quite few of our politicians have foreign origins . 
  does it count ? 
  he will have them next year , do n't worry . 
  hollande demands tough brexit negotiations . 
  to balance france-germany t\u00eate \u00e0 t\u00eate i think . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he spend years in london fighting beside the uk . 
  tbh i agree on one thing with stiglitz , the euro has it is wo n't last . 
  after it depend of our choices , either things are done to make it work or it will fall apart . 
  but in both case we will probably pass by a bad economical phases especially if it is not handled well ( after you get up from it , i mean we got up from the ww2 and ww1 but it might take some years ) . 
  better ? 
  hollande demands tough brexit negotiations . 
  it is not the biggest . 
  generally they prefer to do it with islam , it work better . 
  like the article point out he also do it because of the internal politics , not just the fear of other countries leaving . 
  but since he reeks natural authority ... 
  yep but in that case they should n't be surprised other country want to leave , threatening wo n't change the core of the problem . 
  yeah french and german banks had very risky behaviors in greece . 
  they also lended to people who could n't pay back from what i get . 
  the fact it is growing do n't change the shape the economy is in tbh . 
  spain is growing but when you know where it come from , it is little short as a result . 
  ( ps : in france there are debates to know if the growth is so low because of austerity measures took under hollande and sarkozy . 
  and they are kind of flipping their shit because if it is true , the population will wait for them at the next economical downturns and it wont be pleasant ), 
  look at italy , portugal , spain and greece and you will have an idea . 
  also 0 % inflation means risk of deflation , it is not a good thing . 
  in that case it is better to not vote at all . 
  other parties all have those kind trial and they fondamentally can do what they want , they almost never have real sanctions when they get caught . 
  the fn had some problems with fraud before . 
  i do n't know if people really cares in the end . 
  help mothers to balance work life and family life . 
  but ... but we are married , britain we can not do this . 
  and we will see you fail at it again , perfide albion !, 
  you will speak french again !!!, 
  is that an invitation ? 
  sorry i meant it in the sense it prevent another war . 
  we have less youths to lose now and older populations like stability . 
  add to it an aging population and a low fertility rate . 
  not only . 
  it moves toward conflicts . 
  okay thanks . 
  what did i just read . 
  do they know oversea territories have the possibility to change statut when they want to . 
  it is what happen with the comores and mayotte . 
  it is happening with la nouvelle-cal\u00e9donie who will have an in referundum in 2018 . 
  anti-eu parties do n't get elected because of russian money . 
  yes , you did . 
   setting everyone against each other in the eu we do n't need russia to do that , we are perfectly able to do it ourself . 
  plus with the price of oil right now , they have other worry . 
  sssssh !!!, 
  do n't break their dream . 
  exept we brought him back to power after his first evasion , it was why the british had exile him at st helena ( to make sure he never came back ) . 
  the problem is not the fine . 
  everybody has been watching the db for a while because of it 's derivative . 
  and how did the db got a fine of 14bn in first place ?
