  the dude was ministre de l'\u00e9conomie . 
  her dad is a troll . 
  he lives to piss off people . 
  generaly you vote for the people you like in the first round , not for the one you think will enter the second . 
  i think the big difference is she did not make her campaign on calling people lazy and assisted , saying she will cut in half the public services . 
  all of that while trying to present herself as the clean candidate . 
  fillion previous positions makes this scandal even more deadly to him . 
  it is because they are counting prostitution or something . 
  jusy count yourself lucky he did n't take you with them . 
  the guy had a thing for territorial expension . 
  dude no . 
  french politics are bullshit enough . 
  please do n't bring other country into the mix . 
   ou know what i would like . 
  if the spd formed a coalition with our vvd then together they went to go rule in france . 
  all in the spirit of inter eu solidarity you get les republicains then . 
  lol . 
  we might as well be fucked ( no offense but merkel is very much for the statu quo , and the defense of the statut quo is what brought trump in the us ) . 
  every candidate will have have squeletons pulled out of their closet . 
  i guess it will depends on what the scandal is about . 
  well balkany 's cases are so over the top , it become funny . 
   to which the french people will respond by giving him 2 % more of their votes is n't philippot gay ? 
  need is a big word . 
  but it is pretty much her project , also in term of legitimity it help . 
  well now you can make puns about bridges . 
  possible . 
  i tend bet on him for the next scandal . 
  no , there is not . 
  nobody gives a fuck . 
  frankly he is not that appreciated . 
  after i spend so much time in r/europe it might screw my vision on on this . 
  the turn was extreme . 
  well i was n't on reddit at the time . 
  it was ? r/france is like 10 times more euroskeptic than here . 
  just being pro-eu kind of mean nothing by itself tbh . 
  is he federalist or not ? 
  what is his plan for the reform of the institutions ? 
  his stance on the economical or diplomatic policies of the bloc ? 
  there is so many stuff to touch on . 
  he married his teacher . 
   because left wing voters will never vote for le pen , her new base is in formerly socialist regions and she took so many ideas from the far left . 
   macron is socially ` left ' and economically right which is pretty much a perfect combination . 
  he is not left . 
  the only people who will vote for him in the left is the liberal left . 
  and with hamon and melanchon running , people have enough choices to not turn themself to macron as a first choice . 
   my point was exactly that burgundy is not german-influenced as much . 
  okay i though you told me the east of france is completly germanic ( beside alsace and the north of franche-comt\u00e9 , who were basically alsacian territories begin with from what i get ) . 
   if anything flemish culture has been far more important in burgundy ? 
  are we talking about the same place . 
  the only flemish place i can think of in france is the north . 
  culturally speaking burgundy is relatively aligned with what is done in the center of france or around paris . 
  most of the spaniard i know came because they had an aunt/uncle or to study . 
  so the family link might still be there ( i am not sure most of them stay though ) . 
   perhaps in catalonia the percentage might be bigger . 
  but i doubt it 's that big either way . 
  we had a wave of immigration comming from spain ( probably because of franco i am not sure of the dates ) . 
  and people still have link with their family in spain since it was n't that long ago . 
  it is a minority big enough to be seen but i ca n't tell you what those numbers represent for spain . 
  a lot of spanish people have family in france so there might be that . 
  so we are exchanging population with spain , i see . 
  yes , it is not like algeria was a french departement not even 60 years ago . 
  we are totaly not at fault here . 
  we still have immigration from algeria . 
  i am from the east ( the south of franche-comt\u00e9 actually ) . 
   burgundy as a whole is anything but for starters . 
  hhuuuumm burgundy ( * intense regionnal rivality woking up * ) . 
  frankly i would n't call burgundy germanic , plus they are super close to paris . 
  but yeah it not southern or mediterannean . 
  the thing there is more than the language who link us to country like italy or spain . 
  for example our whole law system is based stuffs introduced by the roman empire ( there is so many principles who are still in latin ) and i am not even touching the societal norms or the role of the catholic church in this . 
   yeah until you visit lille and the flemish parts of northern france , they 're way closer to dutch culture despite having a romance language . 
  so it depends lille is one of those place who did n't have a latin based regionnal culture to begin with like britanny or alsace so the contrast seem bigger in those regions . 
  but for the rest of the country , there is still trace who make people feel closer to portugese , italians or spannish than to dutch or germans . 
  do you know when will there be a new pm ? 
  ( is is elected ? 
  appointed ? 
  how does it work ? ), 
  greece is a special case within itself tbh . 
  the east is not as german as you think ( beside alsace / lorraine but they are special cases ) . 
  regionals cultures are also not as separate even if you find differents flavors . 
  add to it they spreaded , mixed with each other over time . 
  for our size we actually are relatively homogeneous ( and yes , everythig was done to encourage it ) . 
   true , but only southern france is mediterranean by culture . 
  south-east actually . 
  the south-west is very much linked to the atlantic i would n't call them mediterraneans . 
  like the rest of france tbh . 
  the east , west and north also have their own flavor , nothing too surprising . 
  in general . 
  they also migrated to france ( though earlier ) but it is weird you did n't have other migration waves . 
  yes !, 
  and soon the world will be ours !, 
  * rire machiav\u00e9lique *, 
  you should watch out because if we decide to rebuilt the french empire , you are def getting annexed ( and italy too , just to secure our spot as the best cuisine . ), 
  benelux are close . 
  france and italy are actually interwined with each other quite a bit . 
  france had a stronger economy at the beginning . 
  and even now it is not exactly a light weight . 
  it is too late for hollande and he knows it . 
  no you took them because you have an aging population . 
  and the whole distribution thing was because you could n't handle the number comming in .
