  and it will probably kill some political career and parties tbh . 
  i do n't see the `` establishment '' we have today in power ten years from now . 
  some of the big party are even dying because of this mentality . 
  do you want to exchange goods and services ? 
  isis mostly banned it because people could hide weapon . 
  we never agree on anything tbh . 
  it is probably why we need a strong leader . 
  ile-de-france is doing good . 
  but rhone-alpes is probably the power house here . 
  but since france is centralised , it does n't matter in the end . 
  people pay for each-other . 
  i also have the feeling this reform was n't made for a country like france . 
  just look at the primaut\u00e9 des accords d'entreprises . 
  when you know how we work , you understand it is not going to work . 
  yeah but we are turning into a tri party country , plus our culture of confrontation might not help . 
  stop being so attractive !, 
  i understood but i could n't help myself with this joke . 
  i agree with you , a devalued currency tend to help weaker economy to survive the competition with stronger ones . 
  add to that they are often cultural factor who define the way an economy will work ( the french strikes are a big exemple of it ) . 
  the euro is a pretty flawed currency when you think about it . 
  come on !, 
  we do n't do it all the time , we are on vacation sometimes . 
  ( on a more related note , strikes are not the core of the problem ), 
  switzerland is within the schengen zone , we have no border beside the uk and the ones with our oversea territories . 
  it would waste an incredible amont of money . 
  my cousin ( she live in a suburbs ) stopped wearing skirt at school because of this . 
  extremism is a problem there , to a point that i regularly hear decendent of immigrant saying the state should be more radical toward it . 
  i have to say it is weird to hear someone talk about being discriminated , and two sentence away take a very hard stance about how people who say ` fuck france ' and disrespect the country and it 's law should be punnished . 
  i think it show the problem is more complex than we believe . 
  for france ( the euro is on a pretty close level to what the franc would be to start with ) but for italy and spain it might not be the case , i do n't know the specificity of their economies . 
  but a currency 10-15 % underrated or overrated compared to your neighbours can be a lot . 
  i would n't say we are playing in a level playground . 
  france work on it 's inernal demand and a minimum of state intervention but there is more and more problems . 
  our industry is almost dead , the population is not formed in those area and the only stuff left are what we are good at or what we developped in the past . 
  on a larger scale we ca n't compete with you , and the wage are not really a major factor here . 
  poor farmers , if it is true we really need to rethink the agricultural policy . 
  macron is an empty shell . 
  nobody will have a majority tbh . 
  but for a frexit referundum ... i do n't what could happen after months of debate . 
  i do n't know , corsicans are not afraid to vote for le pen . 
  who ? 
  fillion ? 
  i would n't be so quick to say that . 
  i do n't know . 
  i would suggest nationnal subreddits . 
  but some of them are probably terrible . 
  we have economical problems too . 
  people were n't in their home country back then . 
  this is the whole difference . 
  funnily enough , the french do n't even like the eu that much . 
  this might not be the best place to ask this question . 
  this sub is full of pro-europeans . 
  there is differents answers . 
  some dislike it because it does n't leave enough place to the social and leftist policy , some because they do n't want a federation and other because of it 's flaws ( lack of democracy , austerity , mismanagement etc ) etc. 
  it also depend on the country . 
  a 100 times ? 
  in how may weeks . 
  also he will have to score with spanish ( or at least southern europeans ) ibiza might not be the best place . 
  you do realize abortion exist as do pills also unplained pregnancy the best thing in the world . / s, 
  those country livede sometimes centuries without the euro , you can probably guess from that . 
  the quitting part of his plan is still here . 
  ( even if he is probably not going that far ) . 
  it is probably more do n't worry , you are only taking in account big candidate and people who do n't abstain but could still vote for other elections . 
  hell even pro-europeans have a big eurosceptic side here . 
  we 've finally grow since the crisis ( barely 1 % ) , it 's been almost ten years . 
  and it 's not like there is still 10 % of unemployement almost 25 % for the youth , and an industrial sector who got destroyed . 
  but we are good . 
  also italy had a banking problem last summer linked to their lack of growth . 
  the euro is not adapted for those kind of economies , it is adapted for economies like germany 's who are more turned around exports . 
  this is one of the problem . 
  that and the lack of fiscal transfert ( who are supposed compansate for the traditionnal tools money gives you when there is a crisis ) . 
  france is already liberal . 
  no it wont change . 
  and macron is on the line of what hollande and sarkozy did . 
  what do you mean by migrants and non-migrants ? and how do you count second and third generaton born and raised in the country ? 
  do you count other european migrants ? 
  childcare makes a difference too . 
  yeah it follow the country they lives in after . 
  it is one of the first rules of demography you learn . 
  well you are the one who will have to raise and support them . 
  so yeah society is not the first thing to think of . 
  it is not really the wars or the economical turmoil who brought the lower birthrate ( otherwise it would n't have lasted so long ) but change in society . 
  like the equality of children in the in heritage etc. 
  do you know anything about french and italian 's economies ? 
  because it is not exactly in good shape right now . 
  because southern economies works differently . 
  they are not based on exportation . 
  and it affected everybody you know . 
  not sure the euro will survive another crisis , it almost died after 2008 . 
  after the next crisis is more likely to be political . 
  i do n't know the most atheist country in europe is france . 
  and we have a complicated relation with the ue but love is not what first come to mind . 
  tbh i have a hard time taking this article seriously . 
  yeah because they were n't economical problems like unemployement or a bad managing of the crisis before . 
  it is entierly the left and migrants fault . 
  if it happen it wo n't because of russia , you know . 
  m\u00e9lenchon have nothing to say to the young voters ? 
  not so sure about it . 
  and but if you do n't have a nice environment your society will be in shambles anyway . 
  guyana is just a difficult territory to invest in .
