  turkey is like russia , a country between two continents . 
  it is not our first weird election ( i mean 2002 ) but it is reaching new level . 
  it is known , also sarkozy does n't exactly shy away from dictators or other forms of authoritarian leaders . 
  but for turkey ? 
  i do n't remember it . 
  germany is one mostly involved with you . 
  yep , people also remember his last mandate as a prime minister and his condamnation . 
  but he is not that far away . 
  because of the party electorate . 
  he has a base in les r\u00e9publicains . 
  othewise sarkozy is hated ... well they all are hated but he is one of the most dispised . 
  ... yes ( because of the primary ) . 
  god , this election will be a slaughter . 
  and your place is in prison , sarkozy . 
  what were the other choices ? 
   france can not do with a federal system because idf is simply too rich . 
  it is not just a question of wealth tbh , it is a question of history . 
  we are not made to be a federation . 
  do n't you know we have the project to guillotine every kings and queens of europe ( and maybe outside too ... ) . 
  by the way , i see you have a nice royal family . \u263a, 
  you can keep him . 
  we do n't really care . 
  her father was kind of doing it on purpose to be honest . 
  he never had the goal to take the power . 
  she more serious about it because she really want to become president . 
  you can get to the court for shit like , especially if you are a public figure . 
  migrants traveling through lybia come from other parts of africa , quite few of them have france/uk as final destinations in mind . 
  yeaaah . . we have ten bad ideas a day , sometimes we should abstain ourself . 
  you were barely here for the first world war . 
  we fought most of it ourselfs . 
  and russia was also invloved in the saving for ww2 . 
  continue to believe it . 
  was n't there suspicion that what happen in greece was a bail out of french and german banks more than a bail out of greek economy ? 
  i know some of our banks had lend money a little carelessely here . 
  you know he made an ast\u00e9rix reference . 
  i think it tell you the level of historical accuracy of this discussion . 
  well when you know france is latin and germany northen/german ... 
  but the difference is that the peace between us took time and we worked for it hard . 
  it was personnal . 
  even then it was n't all joy and sweetness . 
  they were moments with tensions . 
  but i do n't see this will coming from neither northen eastern or southern europe , probably because it easier to do it with two countries than two cultures groups . 
  country have reasons to do it while culture groups do n't have will on their own . 
  you did n't notice ? 
  i mean it is not like we are hiding it ... ( maybe we should , at least for the image given on the international ), 
  quebecker are pretty good actually ( most of them are bilingual ) , they are just very protective of their langage autonomy . 
  politics never do what they promised during their campaign , it is a basic rule . 
  why are foreigners still giving credibility to what sarkozy is saying ? 
  ( reassure me and tell me you are not , please ), 
  the same thing was said before the brexit . 
  it was supposed to be a bet without risks . 
  i mean m\u00e9lanchon openly ask for a referundum , it is not just le pen anymore . 
  people are more and more critical and less and less hopeful ; even in the press . 
  i see it slowly accumulating without positive things or a light of hope to contrebalance it ( when the only positive thing people find is erasmus , it is telling ) . 
  all of this adding to internal problems . 
  so when i see this , i do n't know how long this belief of changing the eu from within will stay . 
  but for me , one day the commission or an other country will push something we do n't agree with , it will be too much and we will be `` let 's get out of there . '', 
  after i am just speculating . 
  i just find the situation really hard to predict on that front . 
  i am not able to have certitude about it . 
  sorry , it was a reflex . 
  mmm i do n't know to be honest . 
  it is hard to tell . 
  sometimes i wonder if we might not be in the same situation than britain . 
  i just could n't help myself , it was too easy . 
  probably . 
  let make rome great again !, 
   the progressive ones are a bit more at the north . 
  the scandiavians ? 
  are n't most of them non-religious anyway ? 
  also the clich\u00e9s on catholics countries . 
  tbh i am not sure mariage equality should be the only measurement of gay rights . 
  common dislike for the french and the dutch ? 
  i think we need to clean the slate before it happen . 
  but the few years we lived does not make me optimistic about it . 
  the eu is already a mess . 
  adding you in the mix would complicate things even more than they already are . 
  plus do you really want to be under the european commission watch , especially with junker as a boss ? 
  the constitution passed anyway ( under another form ) . 
  even with the referundum . 
  you will always be our annoying neighbour with or without the ue . 
  yep . 
  but the problem might be that less and less people find the eu reformable anymore . 
  i wonder if people are just giving up . 
  our latin influences are still very present ( langage , laws ) while our germanic influences never were able to get that deep . 
  yep . 
  we reinvented ourself several times in history , i do n't think it is such a big deal but a normal course of events . 
  also this time we have n't cut the head of anyone ( i swear ) . 
  you do n't know a lot about french demography i see . 
  tbh i never undertood why people try put us with northen europe . 
  i mean culturaly we are closer to spain , portugal and italy than germany or netherland . 
  tbh our protectionism ( what is left of it ) is nothing commpared to the one the us is practicing . 
   i do not know if laws come from europe but the results is that now france is a liberal country . 
  not europe , mitterand . 
  do you want an award for the originality of your jokes ? 
  given our history with religion , we wont become a theocracy tomorow . 
  welcome to the club . 
  he wont be here anymore for the brexit , do n't worry . 
  he is just doing it for the election . 
  yep , greece does n't have the money everybody and their mother know it ( greek debt will have to be restructured , it was clear from the start ) .
