  he has some actually . 
  so tell me , is irland a nice place ? 
  i entend to take a five or ten years vacation . 
  he was n't elected for that . 
  he is still not punished for lybia either or his corruptions , tbh . 
  he has a list of scandals long like an arm . 
  ( after gypsies are not an `` hype '' minority to defend in france , it might play . ), 
  * roll of eyes * . 
  yeah !, 
  i mean italians , spanish , chinese and portugese were soo kicked out . 
  plus we are opening our arms to the migrants right now , it show . 
  what lead us to hell is our inhability to think on a long term . 
  we had corrupt incompetent politicians before isis . 
  he would say anything to be elected again . 
  i hope he goes too far , so we will definitly get ride of him . 
   french welfare funding is an economic issue . 
  there is a problem of corruption and priority more than funding . 
  because we never cut down the funding of the s\u00e9nat , assembl\u00e9 or presidency and god know the cost could be reduced . 
  but no , instead we have taxes evasion scandal with our ministre de l'\u00e9conomie .  but yes the mess france is , is not caused by welfare or immigration . 
  it is nothing new , it 's been like that for years . 
  plus some of them are coming back . 
   but it 's also due to the right-wing parties ( generally in europe ) who gained power , they did not want to experience the past . 
  jews in france are starting to vote fn . 
  i would prefer a moist sandwich as a president than any of the candidates . 
  yep . 
  but is not his only quality sadly . 
  i think she come from a pretty wealthy family . 
  it is not really an anti-immigration majority . 
  it is just we have a hard time integrating the one we have . 
  so poeple are more r\u00e9ticent . 
  and he is just seeing this now ? 
  is n't germany 's underevaluation of it 's currency also part of the problem ? 
  le pen not only here because of her anti-eu stance tbh . 
  the eu is a scapegoat but she is here because there is a void ( not filled by classical party ) in french politics right now . 
  eddit : after for france economical problems ... i would say industries , formation and innovations is what we have to work on . 
  yep i got that . 
  after how do you rise inflation , in general ? 
  i am just pointing out the differences btw economies . 
  also the size of countries probably play a role . 
  plus we are what ? 
  500 millions and most of trade are intra-european . 
  i think we could . 
   the people who supported the other parties tend to vote in order to stop the front national it is the last time people will do it . 
  if new political figures do n't emerge in the five years comming , i would n't be surprised if she comes to power in 5 or 10 years . 
  also more and more candidates take souvernist stance . 
  with it , the euro will end up in the debate one day or another . 
   people think the future will hold another crisis tbh they might not be wrong ... 
   sadly , valls would still be a better prime minister than our current candidates :( ouch . 
  the problem is that , a fiscal union is kind of vital with a common currency . 
  was n't the ecb trying to rise inflation with this policy ? 
  it is even more complicated . 
  one of the problem with internal devaluation is , how do you do it if your economy work with internal demands ? 
  you had us worried for a moment . 
  please , do n't confuse us with the english . 
  it is germanised latin . 
  do n't you want him ? 
  ( even if he is not from netherland . ), 
  we are also ready to give back valls to spain and sarkozy to hungary . 
  well sicily is probably another story ... ( i wonder if sardinia have some mouvenents too . ), 
  we were talking about the north/south divide and if it affected italian centralisation since italy as a nation is pretty young . 
  even if they win , it is hardly going to stop charlie hebdo from doing it again . 
  it is probably the only reason it stopped . 
  i think france started centralisaton before louis xiv 's reign . 
  eddit : i mean the religious wars passed there , i am pretty sure they had an impact on this . 
  plus we were n't an unions of kingdoms , the king always was an important figurehead , even when he was powerless . 
  can italy be considered centralised ? 
  i mean the country is pretty much cut in two ... 
  do n't worry . 
  ok . tbh i am not asking why you did n't end up like france . 
  i just wanted to know what happen . 
  it is just plain curiosity . 
  i have the feeling it is a good resume of european political life latly . 
  how did it even get there ? 
  were regionalism always that strong in spain ? 
  what meme ? 
  we would have know about it . 
  it was n't before that ? 
  i though it started earlier . 
  after the swiss are not belliquous with anyone either , it help . 
  i would n't call hollande socialist . 
  i do n't know , i think they were already neutral when we were getting it on with the german on a regulard basis . 
  i am pretty sure switzerland neutrality is older the the eu . 
   after that happens , nato gets reexamined and european divisions would reemerge . 
  it never left , it is even getting worse . 
  we have the 2 , 3 and 4 biggest economies and population with us . 
  lets bring back the roman empire !, 
  tbh a lot of countries in the world have debts problems , just look at the usa or japon . 
  it might be a bigger than just bad management . 
  after i do n't know the specificities of each situation . 
  it was ( still is ) a mess . 
  it is stronger in certain country . 
  i never said we were doing better , we have our own mistakes . 
  on a long run . 
  but you do n't do those wars for no reasons just like we do n't go in africa because of our good heart . 
  you have a world view and a dominance to maintain , plus certain zones to keep under your control . 
  having a eu army now , is as clever as having a common currency without fiscal union and clear economical policies . 
  it is a disaster waiting to happen . 
  issues like what ? 
  oil to find ? 
  you do it for your h\u00e9g\u00e9monie , like every world power have ever done .
