  did n't you have a francophone region too ? 
   speak french and they 'll insist on german eh no . 
  what you are saying really surprise me . 
  where was she ? 
  i do n't know . 
  the south can be pretty conservative . 
  le pen did n't grow because of imigration or terrorism . 
  she was there before . 
  it add fuel but it is not core of her success . 
  she is also not that small ( i mean 25 to 30 % , how many parties can claim that ? ) . 
  can we avoid replaying trump and the brexit , please ? 
   find the current politics not effectiv and want somethign to break it down =  le front national , marine le pen party . 
  yep !, 
  the brexit has not happen yet . 
  it is too early to see the effects . 
  cheese , cheese and cheese !!!!, 
  otherwise there is so many foods , it depend where you are and at what time of the year you are . 
  no they do n't . 
  i can tell you the urban/rural divide is very real and play on political views . 
  and that 's only within france without adding other bias like sexe and class . 
  so opinions are very diverse . 
  yep agree with you . 
  comparing to r/france who is leaning left i see the difference . 
  also logically this sub is very pro-eu . 
   do you think it 's likely that the eu might cease to exist within the next 5-10 years , or exist only in name with little if any real integration between the countries ( much like asean ) yes it is , the eu disapointed a lot of people . 
  but it has n't happen yet so who know ? 
  for the f\u00e9d\u00e9ration of europe , yes it is unlikely even with a major crisis . 
  especially at 27 . 
  3 langages ? 
  wow portugal !, 
  generaly with big country people will know their native tongue and the native tongue of their parents and sometimes english . 
  but people are not really bilingual . 
  tbh terrorist attacks do n't do more death today than it did in the past . 
  they are relatively rare and only happen for a fraction of the population . 
  the real risk you have have as a tourrist in europe is robery ( pickpocket ) . 
  otherwise you will be fine . 
  no , generally your nationnal and regional identities come first . 
  being european is like being asian for you , i guess, 
  please , some countries in the eu are rich . 
  but i am not sure money flow that freely in the zone . 
  the almost bankrupt banks are the result of the poor growth , with is one of italy biggest problem . 
  it did n't happen alone . 
  good luck . 
  no it does n't . 
  school is also a good way to kill regionnal specificities . 
  you do n't need to kill people . 
  it is more about the two mixing since local langages are lost and almost nobody understand them anymore . 
  people basicaly added french because they did n't understand the word anymore . 
  thus making it redundant wihout knowing . 
  basicaly 90 % of french locations are named like that . 
  give it ( or keep ) a local name and then add french in it to say exactly the same thing . 
  use reddit instead !, 
  tbh a lot post-war constructions look like this ( cheap to make for a fast-growing population ) . 
  i get you , those age pretty badly too . 
  it is not really envy , it is moslty class rivalry . 
  eddit : ( and a complicated relation with money but it is linked ) . 
  vote blanc . 
  ( it does not mean what you think it mean ), 
  mstly because people are scared of losing a lot of money if it happen ( though i would n't use the world hate ) . 
  she had a similar program in 2012 . 
  neither did britain . 
  i woud n't be so certain . 
  yep . 
  more or less . 
  it was n't what spain and portugal experienced . 
  it was partly a foreign occupation , not a force who came entirely from within the country and it only lasted a couple of years . 
  we are not that nationnalist , tbh . 
  the thing is france had a stable democracy for a while and we did n't experience fascism first hand ( vichy france was n't nazy germany ) . 
  so yeah differents experiences mean the same `` fuck you '' mouvement will take differents forms . 
  of course ... 
  and then italy and france will follow . 
  well he is now . 
  you also had marseille , no ? 
   dsk is probably the exception . 
  tbh i think dsk had rape accusations hanging for years before this happened . 
   true though that parisians are more likely to cheat but they are 10m , so ... dude you know cheating is not okay , even for parisians . 
  what ? 
  you should not believe every stereotypes you hear . 
  the most trustworthy ? 
  lets not exagerate . 
  the freedom of not paying speed tickets . 
  our def went down . 
  this the time we started natalist policies . 
  it is clear this logic do n't work in france . 
   before they conquer the rest of the continent ... 
  it already started ( we will keep you though ) . 
   if projects fail instead of being reform , we might never see them again . 
  there is no promise of rising from the ashes , just the ashes . 
  well yeah . 
  with the problems it gave us , if it fell , i doubt a lot of countries will gave up their money that easily again ( germany included ) . 
  i though so ( let 's team up ) . 
  because we are the best at being the worst . 
  cotisations feats the description better . 
  taxes are just a way to finance your public services and infrastructures . 
  other prestations exist . 
  redistribution is not only about retirement . 
  are we really sorry , though ? 
  yeah because the country was always above those stuffs through it 's history . 
  not really . 
  le pen did not give moral lesson about public spending .
