  i do n't think he meant being southern european in a bad way ( france never denied the cultural link it has with southern europeans countries , it is just that geographically we are a tight feat ) . 
  i am pretty sure we were at the last ( s ) southern european meeting ( and this one too , i just spotted hollande . ), 
  we are also in south america and the pacific ocean !, 
  exepect people in the country do n't care . 
  most restaurants do n't have refills to begin with , hell it 's not like the law forbid them , it just limit them . 
   as for france , and correct me if i am wrong , please , a lot of people can disagree with the statement but they still vaccinate everyone so there is no anti-vaxx movement , because they still consider that the benefits outweigh the disadvantages . 
  well there probably is , but for children you do n't have the choice . 
  it is an obligation . 
  after they might not check as much as they use to ( my mother was vaccinated at school fo exemple , but they do n't do that kind of stuff anymore ) . 
  yes , i am just saying it is not the driving force of the fn . 
  it had fuel to the fire but it is not what started ( or will stop ) the mouvement . 
   the problems the eu has are fixable , but difficult if not impossible with the people currently in charge . 
  unfortunately there are n't many alternatives at the moment , polarization on all sides of the political spectrum is the biggest problem we have now . 
  what worry me is when the polarization become to big . 
  sometimes i thing it is better to stop now , clean things up as we still got along because the 10 year coming are like the last deceny , i do n't think we will be that friendy with each other . 
  at 28 with the common law with have , you think we have a better chance of solving our problems ? 
  most of them actually come from the divergence of countries and our inability to find a common ground . 
  he just disagree with the `` german model '' and some german politics ( probably right wing ) . 
  it is a stretch to say he is germanophobe . 
   but to call the germans and the french different ethnicities is absolutely ridiculous !, 
  tbh , there 's probably more similarity in ethnicity between two people from paris and berlin ( germanic/frankish northern european ) than there are between paris and marseilles ( mediterranean - likely to have arab and north african influence ) . 
  wait what ? 
  you know the rest of france also have latin influences , add to it the fact paris and marseille have been part of the same country for centuries which is not the case for paris and berlin . 
  french and germans are not the same ethnicity at all if you decide to count them as such . 
  immigrations is not what drive le pen voters . 
  we had immigration long before the eu.the rise of poverty and inequality on the other hand ... personnaly i am not sure the problems of the eu are fixable as it is today . 
  the only thing i hear about macron is how anti-system or how he will bring a revolution etc. 
  personnaly knowing his program would be a better start . 
  also he was ministre de l'\u00e9conomie for what ? 
  4 years ? 
  brainwashed , no . 
  they have the rights of their opinion as those who disagree have the right of their . 
  also subs leaning one way or another is hardly uncommon . 
  doubt northen country will create a new currency . 
  if the euro fails almost everybody is going to go back to their old currency . 
  center leanning toward right . 
  `` white populism '' do they know the fn have the vote of some minoroties actually . 
  generaly big touristic places with a lot of foreigner are the ones to pull that kind of trick . 
  but like people pointed out ask for * de l'eau plate * or * une carafe * and you should be fine . 
  yeah because macron , with his very clear program , is going to completly change the way france work . 
  even though he was in the gouvernement for five years and will impliment the same politics who maked hollande hated . 
  everyone on r/europe . 
  it just tell you where this sub is on the political spectrum . 
  fast-foods and not even all of them ( i do n't think i ever saw refills at mc donalds ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  i smell tourrist traps , not sure they will try to do this if you have a french accent . 
  you do n't actually . 
  where the fuck are you all going on vacation ? 
  smuggling butter ? 
   after all , many migrants were willing to spend months in calais - of all places - for a chance to cross to britain . 
  it is not like we do n't have our own immigration to start with . 
   germany and france have a good relationship these days we 've known better days . 
  though it is nothing violent but i find `` germanophobie '' is kind of rising over here tbh.but it is partly to our politician always giving you as an example to justify their policy , it is getting annoying over time . 
  the day they stop the phenomenon will get down . 
  actually occitania took the old langue d'oil / langue d'oc divide . 
  i am not sur why . 
  because there is douzens of regionnal identities within those borders so a regionalist mouvement would n't look like this . 
  and it does n't correspond to the administrative d\u00e9coupage of either regions or departements existing . 
  doubt it because in that case the map is grossely over exagereted and sometimes very wrong ( the occitania puzzle me ) . 
  in nothen europe maybe , but i would n't really call the nordic influential in the south of europe . 
  farming crisis started before the rails of last years . 
  i mean look up the porc and milk production . 
  i am not sure the majority of the french agree with macron 's economical policies either . 
  lepen is very clever . 
  so no . 
  and ? 
  the us and mexico also have very different economies . 
  the question is also when is austerity useful . 
  because it can have different effects depending on where you are on your economical cycle . 
  no it is not . 
  no , france existed ( as a feodal system but still ) . 
  gaul?the celtic culture pretty much died with the roman empire . 
  germany until recently . 
  tbh the west of france do n't eat mediterranean either , neither do rh\u00f4ne-alpes . 
  do you think the way we take our food help too ? 
  ( you know the three meals buisness with several courses and not eating in between ), 
  wine is good for the heart . 
   in addition the inflation rate has limits . 
  you can not make it higher than 5 % over a long time . 
  i am not sure i understand your sentance here . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we had around 10-13 % of inflation all along the 70 's ( aaahh !!, 
  the us can pretty much do what they want with their debt because of the dollard . 
  that does n't eraze the effect of inflation have on debt . 
  inflation is actualy a way reduce debt . 
  also control over currency is a pretty important tool for an economy ( it is on of the problem th euro poses , the needs are so differents the ecb have a hard time balancing her policy ) . 
   problem is a lot of old european women wear headscarves . 
  in eastern europe maybe but i have yet to see it in weastern europe . 
  trump wont act against eu even if he is anti-eurpean . 
  what can he do ? 
  what interest him first and furemost is america not the eu . 
  the problem is what happen if changes do n't come in the next ten years ? 
  backlash might just built up and it is not good . 
  big but not really focused on anything so there still a chance . 
  the problem is the day it take a form politicaly it will be the end , and it is what le pen has been trying to do in the past few years . 
  brexit was popular de vote too . 
  please do n't minimize the threat people like her can make . 
  exept 2002 wont happen again . 
  chirac sarkozy and hollande passed there . 
  so people might stop voting useful .
