  it also put in perspective the french pessimism . 
   less jews emigrated last year compared to prior years , but i would have to check the full numbers . 
  yeah the number lowered , not sure how much though . 
  i do n't know . 
  a lot of the jews leaving for israel seem super religious , they could never have what they wanted here . 
  i do n't follow le pen , so i do n't know . 
  let 's be honnest this family is full of con artist and liars , this is why it is hard to know how far they will go . 
  i do n't think they believe half of what they say , in particular the father . 
   the rest of fn divided in two : the new and old fn . 
  the old fn is pretty much composed by the classical far-rigth element so probably some anti-semitism here . 
   it makes some sense they vote for someone that speaks against muslims well it is probably the reason . 
  i also wonder how much the pied-noir account within the jewish population . 
  jews actually vote for le pen . 
  but yeah , they leave though some come back . 
  there are conflicts with the muslim population , add to it the french secularism clash with the way some of them want to live their religion . 
  i wonder if the growth followed the general population trend . 
  actually a lot left before the war . 
  we had a lot of german jews coming to france . 
  though i am not sure how happy were their story . 
  yes there is . 
  not in `` i am going to drag you into war and uterly destroy you '' level anymore but boy there still is . 
  just look at the south/north division . 
  well he does have a better chance in front of fillion than jupp\u00e9 . 
  people in general . 
  and it goes for everyside of the political spectrum . 
  you know people have been making fun of fillion for weeks . 
  why does it surprise you that his supprters decide to support him especially as he risk getting kick out of the race . 
  the only one making those comparaisons in this sub are french . 
  it is the second stuff like this posted today . 
  stop it . 
  people protest about anything here . 
  how does it surprise you . 
  yeah especially since jupp\u00e9 and macron are running on the same ground . 
  yeah and it is not like the whole country is behind him . 
  just people who voted for him . 
  there will probably be no one . 
  dude we will find de nobody if we exlude all the corrupt politics out of the election . 
  well there is anti-fillion protests taking place at the same time . 
  the guy have been followed by people hitting casseroles for a week now . 
  and then macron was hit by an egg and someone slapped valls some months ago . 
  i think we are losing it . 
  fance already changed and globalisation was there . 
  just because we do n't have the anglosaxon model does n't mean we do n't have a liberal and globalised economy . 
  for me macron is the end of an erea not the begining . 
  the problem is what will there be after . 
   it will be interesting to see how france and germany 's economic and cultural philosophies will clash now that the uk is out . 
  add to it we have different needs because of our demographies ... 
  and yet with still have a pretty good productivity . 
  you do n't need to be workholics . 
  also there is not enougth jobs for everyone , forcing people to work more ( for less because let 's be honnest it is also about it ) wo n't resolve anything . 
  it will just piss of people even more . 
  when did it started for you ? 
   people that can actually make her president of france most certainly do care . 
  no actually i doubt it , they are not judging her based on that . 
  plus her praising trump is nothing new . 
  actually it did nothing to her image because it is nothing others have n't done . 
  and since the money was for her party not for herself , the affair pass better than with fillion . 
  yep, 
  i do n't know , did clinton keep saying stupid stuffs and started assimiling herself to democracy in her speaches ? 
   it has been many years since france last had a revolution , or even a serious attempt at reform . 
  stagnation , both political and economic , has been the hallmark of a country where little has changed for decades , even as power has rotated between the established parties of left and right . 
  journalists should look back in time too see how thing changed . 
  reforms were definitly done but not for the better . 
  this is why people are pissed . 
  the same is happening in other countries tbh . 
  already posted . 
  yeah, 
  we have the same here . 
  but nuclear energy is too big for them to have any influences . 
  do n't worry , we are not giving up nuclear . 
  exept it the kind of stuffs who can back fire splendidly , especially with the rethoric tagence by the fn . 
  okay but stop making it so easy . 
  it is a sibiling thing with italy . 
  why are n't we first ? 
  do n't you hate us anymore ? 
  i knew it is not as passionate as it was before but still . 
   luxembourg-france it is kind of one sided . 
  we do n't really care about you . 
  okay , we get the val d'aoste then . 
  well the big diference is he did not promess leftist policies so he wont piss off people like that . 
  but overall i hardly see him resolving the problems who actually feed the populist vote . 
  yep . 
  he attract people who do n't want to take risks . 
  i do n't know . 
  pretty for sure , charming probably maybe a little cold ( we are not the most open people with strangers ) . 
  arrogant and at the same time very pessimistic and with a low self-estem ( and kind of depressed right now ) . 
  very vocal about his opinion and believe , and actually more clever or stronger that he let on . 
  i am having hetalia flashbacks . 
  and let 's be honnest he would mostly spend his time complaining ... and anoying england . 
  wow it really show . 
   people are also starting to see , that most of these far-right populist parties are full of shit the fn was full of shit since the begining . 
  it does not scare people away anymore . 
  no it is not . 
  we spend years mocking the center because of this . 
  that 's what i though . 
  they even included you into it . 
   how many of these groups would have majority or popular support within their area ? 
  a lot of them do n't . 
   would most people in corsica support a corsican independence movement ? 
  for indepandence ?
