  it does n't . 
  you are feeding yourself with clich\u00e9es . 
  france has liberalism and it is very much alive . 
  also we have an experience with socialism and communism , we know what it look like . 
  and this is not it . 
  i would n't call this quinquennat a socialist one . 
  i do n't think it is a good idea . 
  when you see how many disfonctions and conflict of interests there is in the ue , it would be foolish put an army into this mess . 
  yeah !, 
  the apocalypse was supposed to happen if you choose to leave . 
  where is my apocalypse ? 
  do n't do it !, 
  they will make another article !, 
  i am not talking about solidarity . 
  just that uk will use this card and we should n't understimate it . 
  after the reaction will depend on the countries but i do n't think everyone has the same stance on the brexit . 
  well he is understimating the links the uk has with other western european countries , especially term of trade ( but not only ) . 
  you are underestimating the link the uk has with other western europeans . 
  nope , fertility policies and a positive view on working mothers . 
  we had a serious problem of natality after the first war . 
  where do they see a revival in this ? 
  because they are not in the private sector . 
  we hear every day about how it is the crisis and we have a debt to pays back , meaning we have to make an effort . 
  other part of the state have seen budget cut , maybe the head ( or ex head ) should show the exemple . 
  so , do you accept the responsabilty or not ? 
  he wo n't win the left primary . 
  he has a better chance with the right . 
  i would have say show margeary ( good planner , know when to be ruthless or when to put a face , plus `` i want to be the queen '' mentality and goal ) . 
  the little 1 % we have ? 
  is n't growth already removed ? 
  well it happen in 2002 . 
  le pen and the brexit happen for a reason , even if they are x\u00e9nophobic forces . 
  and they attract laborer often in place where the left was strong ( ex : north of france ) . 
  see the comment of u/fang7 -62 on the growth of fascism and authorirarian regime after 29 . 
  it resume well the situation we are in . 
  you are not going to convince people with guiltriping arguments . 
  it did n't work the last ten years in france , it wont work now . 
  instead give them a reason to belive in the eu ( which is something who have been forgotten along the way ) . 
  weird i would n't give him 20 % . 
  you certainly had it worse ( and i think your exemple did n't help cement people behind pro-europeans ) . 
  but it was n't a walk in the park either . 
  i do n't remember people being that harsh with the eu , and openly at that , before the crisis . 
  after i am describing fn voter . 
  just like brexiter , the core is now among laborer . 
  they have similar profiles . 
  constant rethoric about how salary are too high , we should do like `` take any country with low wadges '' ( work more to earn less !, 
  ) or again how unemployed are assisted people , seeing the few public services you have closed or restricted or the industry leave to go to eastern europe etc. 
  there is also some problems with the eu reglemantations ( milk production , directive des travailleurs d\u00e9tach\u00e9s ) who cast a dark shadow to the eu on populations touched the most by it . 
  it is a whole . 
  ( when you live in a desindustrialized region , it is even worse . 
  you do n't need to be told to understand it . ), 
  macron is not in any party . 
  how would he manage enough support to be at the second round ? 
  he is not particularly liked outside of the center-right . 
  tbh the center-right is not that big and certainly not enough for the number of candidates it already has . 
  was n't there some doubious stuffs between him and kadhafi involved ? 
  the fn kind of has an history . 
  tbh the eu is not an exemple of stability right now ( well since the crisis ) . 
  those people were left beside the road and told they did n't matter . 
  why should they make an effort now that we are asking for it . 
  it is simple psychology . 
  i think they understand , they just do n't see why they should care . 
  you are talking about a part of the population who was hit very hard by the crisis , the mondialisation and then abandoned by classical parties . 
  they care about the eu as much as the brexiter did . 
  macron has no chance to be in the second round . 
  it depend but a rate close to 0 % can mean something not right , see belarus . 
  i do n't think so , it wont be as simple . 
  tbh tensions have been brewing everywhere in the country . 
  her election could start something but it tend to think civil unrest will happen with or without her . 
  she might just make things worse . 
  le pen support did not grow because of imigration . 
  it grew because they are the only one doing politic with long term goals and talk to the weakest . 
  a thing classical parties stopped doing a long time ago . 
  worse , chirac had a minimum of vision . 
  when you have 10 % of unemployement , no you do n't have enough job . 
  both post were ironic you know . 
  also if sarkozy pass , expect le pen to be president in 2022 ( sarkozy was a pretty bad president , i do n't expect him to be better this time ) . 
  the ps and lr have made sure no alternative other than the fn exit . 
  the eu do n't need le pen to implode . 
  we wont hear him anymore . 
  nothing , it is just usual demagogy . 
  it is his third polemic this week . 
  can someone make him shut his mouth ? 
  schengen is on the verge of death . 
  i am starting to consider the idea of voting at the primary . 
  he has been doing that for years , it is his speciality . 
  also the borders have been restablished since the attacks . 
  and given his habits on harsh budgetary cuts , i do n't know how he intent to do it . 
  especially when you know some services ( like the police , the justice or the army ) have n't even recouvered his last quinquenat . 
  eddit : if he pass again those five years will be hell . 
  `` nedeed '' as if we did n't have enough job insecurity . 
  yeah less than 5 % is kind of weird . 
  it might also mean there is a problem with the population renewal rate . 
  tbh german debts were erased for the most part after the war . 
  it is the reunification who throw them off during the 90 . 
   without the other solvent eu-states nobody would lend southern europe money with bearable conditions any more . 
  interest rates are here for a reason . 
  but the euro kind of fuck it up . 
  also public debt being cancelled happen every fucking century , people should know better by now . 
   public spending ... because we have high taxes and people do n't evade paying them .
