  hahahahaha . 
  ooh.what with the pessisism ? 
  pis wo n't stay forever . 
  what do you know about asians and africans french beside what you heard in sensationatalist media ? 
  probably not a lot . 
  le pen openly threatened the eu , you think the eu wo n't respond ? 
   probably not , because france also this sub needs to stop with the victim complex . 
  france and england are more the ones with on/off relationship . 
  germany is like this guy france used to hate and one day enough was enough . 
  and they started dating . 
  france and germany are the kids who get bullied ? 
  it is because there is no one here . 
  you can , just do n't expect him to save poland . 
  there is the problem living cost too . 
  there is so many contrast how do you even choose the minimum wadges . 
  where do you think unemplement come from ? 
  all those countries still have industries . 
  also yes in this specific case it is about factories . 
  dude he is a candidate at a french election . 
  polish people do n't really enter in the equasion . 
  he is just trying to get some votes . 
  you are over-analysing . 
  it will probadly happen . 
  taxes evasion has been critisized and people are tried of it . 
  after fraud the fisc it might come back to bite his ass . 
  over-sized de state . 
  what not to hear , our state is on the par of other european state . 
  also you can not have a moderatly free market with eu regulations . 
  he attacked poland because poland is involved into this . 
  but he is trying to talk to people touch by it . 
  it wo n't work do n't worry . 
  also the day factories leave because you are too expansive ( whici will happen ) we will see how your politics react . 
  well they kind of did it for this reason . 
  you know there is other place than calais in the country . 
  and they report about it . 
  the problem with french m\u00e9dia as less to do with free speech but about who finance them . 
  also youtube is full of shit . 
  take with a grain of salt everything you see . 
  what r/europe is not for them anymore ? 
  sad . 
  well he can get out of the treaty . \u263a, 
  germany is also a target of critisized in france . 
  but macron has a tendancy to say one thing and it 's contrary to seduce . 
  that is one of the problem beside le pen who talk to them ? 
  m\u00e9lenchon and lassalle tryed but they did n't exactly stand a chance . 
  it is not about what the fn will do . 
  it is about getting back to the policites who failled them . 
  and what classical party did n't do . 
  the fn is nothing more than a reaction to those type of violence . 
  also do you think protectionism look bad for people on this situation ? 
  pretty much . 
  add to it they will likely have a hard time finding new and better opportunities . 
  because macron will make people want to stop voting fn ? 
  she is already at 20 % and no one has try to take her base or adress their problems . 
  angers wont disapear like that . 
  so yeah she has all her fucking chance in 2022 . 
  and it is not like we have n't see her coming . 
  and the fn and the like will continue to rises because of it . 
  the backbone of m\u00e9lenchon mouvement ? 
  the communist party stopped being relevant with the rise of the ps . 
  votes are already secret . 
  if you want someone to win you vote for them , you do n't abstain hoping they will win . 
  also instead of guiltriping abstentionnistes , why no one try to convince le pen voter to not vote for ther far-right ? 
  they are the reason why she is in the second round . 
  was n't italy 's economy in better shape 20 years ago ? 
  you can become a dom-tom . 
  please they are not smarter . 
  they just have different interests . 
  also calling people who voted le pen stupid will lead nowhere . 
  this trend need to stop . 
  you need to stop believing every stereotypes you hear . 
  or catalonya and the spanish basque country could become french . if you want to be reunitate that much . 
  why do that ? 
  when the compromises are only going one way it should n't be a surprise to see people want stop negociating . 
  usefull vote can be a bad thing too especially when it is used over and over again . 
  it kill the debate . 
  it is partly an angry vote . 
  but overall the fn have a `` france first '' attitude who seduce a lot of people who feel ( and were to some extand ) abandoned . 
  they also promise protection and public services ( i am not convince they will deliver ) but still it attract voters . 
  open borders also brought delocalisation . 
  the price are not driving up because of switzerland outside of maybe one or two places close to the border ( like les rousses ) . 
  but le jura et l'ain are relatively cheap , just compare to savoy . 
  also there not a lot of job here while not 10 years ago those places lived on industry . 
  people did n't need to go to switzerland . 
  it is basicaly the same story as the north . 
  because the left stopped defending the working class . 
  no , not really . 
  spain is not making a good case of it 's system . 
  we are not looking for a federalist system . 
  people from those regions are asking for a stronger state and a sense of protection . 
  the centralisation as not much to do in it . 
  unions are stronger in germany . 
  because le pen is anti-eu while this sub is full of federalist . 
  i doubt their numbers are that big with 80 % of turnout for the first round . 
  m\u00e9lenchon may have took some of le pen voters . 
  they might get back to her . 
  for fillion voters , his policies are actually more in line with macron than le pen ( on an economical level at least ) . 
  it depend what catched their eyes . 
  macron is no sanders . 
  he is in between hamon and m\u00e9lenchon .
