  you understimate the size of the db . 
  if the db fall it could lead to a banking crisis in europe ( it is also a systemic bank ) . 
  are you serious or just trolling ? 
  the babyboom passed there . 
  who know what will happen when this generation die . 
  jupp\u00e9 is not popular . 
  and i would n't be surprised if the next 5 years are eventful . 
   if anything , moving to the right on economics may actually help them . 
  cause what they 've been doing the past 50 years sure as hell is n't working . 
  we were fine until the 80 and even then it was gradual , until the 2008 crisis of course . 
  also we had more right wing gouvernements than left wing btw the 80 's and now . 
  so not really . 
  the roots are older , but it took form under sarkozy . 
   his fatal mistake was becoming too involved with domestic policy . 
  if he had n't pushed economic reforms so hard , i think he would have had a good chance at reelection . 
  it is kind of his job and i would n't be so kind on the internationnal stage , we lost a lost a lot of influence in europe under him and sarkozy , he also lack independence from the us , germany or the ue ( but it is also due to the institution ) . 
  sometimes you even wonder if he is there to defend france 's interest . 
  wow ... 
  i did n't know it was on that level . 
  kassovitz is well know for this kind of douchery . 
  no , not for this . 
  p\u00e9tin was just very inspired by nazism and probably other fascisms happening in europe at the time . 
  lol , good freaking luck . 
  it is an other fire you will start if you do it . 
  especially in italy 's situation . 
  state debts are much more mangeable than the consequences of what you imply ( it is true for the deutcshe bank too , to some extent ) . 
  and i am not even talking about the difficulty to recover the capital lost on the long run if the fall is too big . 
  not anymore ( it might have been a protectorat though ) . 
  i am pretty sure your own police use those methods with protest turning violent . 
  do you really think they use it with peaceful protesters ? 
  in general protest are less violent now that they once where . 
  when you look at what it looked like in the 60/70 's or even 80 's , it could get brutal ( and not just with the cops but btw the protesters as well ) . 
  even then we do n't bash on them as much . 
  ( yes , we do but not as much ), 
  i would say it is closer to pig tail pulling than sibiling rivalry . 
   maybe there 's a french word that sounds like `` iphone '' and means `` angry '' or something en col\u00e9re . 
  peter un plomb . 
  furieux ... nope , i can not find one . 
  eddit : people make variations of je suis charlie all the time , it kind of became a meme . 
  wh\u1ea1t ? 
  yes please do . 
  i forgot about that . 
  why is it comming back now ? 
  it was revealed days after the attacks . 
  i love how he paint the ceta like it is going to be about nice exchanges between small producer and not an economical war between countries or between states and big coorporations . 
  you are reassuring me . 
  or when you are not linked to an ongoing warzone . 
  cops also use tear gas and water cannon in regular protest . 
  there is nothing special about it . 
  let 's hope but i do n't trust the gouvernement tbh, 
  we are already decentralised tbh but it was n't particularly well done . 
  and with the new regions i do n't know what it will give . 
   which was brought about by a policy of centralisation ? 
  ever wonder why germany is beating you in every sector even though you had a post-wwii head start , larger territory and more overseas resources ? 
  there 's only so much you can stuff into a capital region . 
  after that , you end up sucking the provinces dry and undermining yourself . 
  it has nothing to do with the centralisation but the policies pushed . 
  they were more am\u00e9nagements du territoires before now politics are concentred on what has to be done with the cities ( and not just paris , lyon is booming ) while the country is kind of left behind . 
  you do n't have the stereotype of being lazy here . 
  the fact we do n't pronounce every letters put people off but when you get past that , french is not that weird . 
   the slightest correction towards authority , hierarchy and homeland will feel like a huge wtf well the last time we had this kind of correction it was under vichy ( travail , famille , patrie ) . 
  he does n't hide his supports that much . 
  we would have know by now . 
  today i learned you are a southern european country . 
  do you really want the death of greece ? 
  i would say langage and cultural proximity are at play . 
  i have seen young spaniard or portuguese comming to france to work or study . 
  i also know some of them go to latin america . 
  ( they do n't always stay though . ), 
  not anymore . 
  i was n't the one to reply first . 
  also you are the one not making sense . 
  the us wanted to control the region ( they also have several allies and rivals in the place ) , the mess in syria is an extention of war in irak . 
  they would have got involved annyway . 
  this conflict later turned into both a religious wars and a fight of regional powers ( iran/saoudi arabia/turkey and to some extent russia ) because of the instabilities already present . 
  yes we were in afganistan but we were also in lybia . 
  lybia was our fault ( do you see us dennying it ? ), 
  not afganistan and syria , we did n't start shit here . 
  we just got into the mess along the way . 
  is anyone here trying to ignore our implication in this war here ? 
  you are just giving way too much credit to our involvement in this war . 
  we got there in the middle of it but we are not a major actor in syria . 
  the us would have gone to syria alone . 
  yeah . 
  also seeing how this reform is liked , i would n't be surprised if we try to bypass it the day we can . 
  you are dreaming big . 
  we are not talking about corsica here . 
  there is almost no native speakers left of those dialects and the regionnal identity is weak . 
  also the high prestige of catalan in france ... 
  we like our centralised stystem . 
  you wont change it now . 
  tbh it is not even centralised enough for some of us ( you should see how many people i hear cry about decentralisation ) . 
  it will change for the saudi the day they stop having oil . 
  nobody will support them then . 
  but it wont stop for us , somebody else will apear . 
  their head is in europe , after i do n't know how russia work internally . 
  for the internationnal stage it is more complicited than just having an army ( it help but it is not enough ) , soft power , diplomacy or/and ressources help to make a difference . 
  russia is partly asian . 
  also their empire is kind of dead . 
  and you do n't need to be big to count on the international stage ( half of the french ex-colonies are bigger than us ) .
