we had this situation for years . 
  let 's be honest they did n't learn then , they wont learn now . 
  exept the french president have a lot more power than the american one . 
  and generaly if you are able to win a presidantial election , it mean you can take some sit in the parlement . 
  especially with the legislative and presidential being so close . 
  so i do n't know , it s hard to tell what will happen . 
  hated ? 
  no , but he was n't liked . 
  though at the time , dislike never reached the level we know now with our leaders . 
  well it is viewed less and less positivly . 
  here i would say , we are in a similar situation than the us and uk with a lot of the same debate taking place , particularly about free trade and the place of the nation or the state . 
  so questions are being raised about the place of the instutuion and the place of democracy , of the republique and of social policy in all of it . 
  it is still considered has a project and necessity but have lost a lot of it 's legitimity . 
  the crisis did n't help and have shaken the faith in the instutitions ( be there french or european because , it is not just something on the european level ) . 
  add all the internal problems , i feel the country slowly drifting away from the project . 
  so i ca n't tell you where it is going or if the faith in the eu will come back . 
  but we are going through a very metaphysical time . 
  ehhh no . 
  not really some of us are aware of the violence made . 
  after it also depend how the empire was put down and if if it was a long time ago . 
  * triggered '' bring it on !!, 
  you will never beat roquefort !, 
  do you want some ? 
  we have the opposite problem . 
  and the migrant crisis `` touched '' ( began to worry ) france in 2015 . 
  so no it was n't the migrants . 
  plus 2002 was a big turn for the party . 
   the people in germany and france just got angry because in the end we paied for their promises . 
  we paied that they get elected again and i think that is something most greek will understand . 
  ehh no ? 
  tbh the lazy greeks stereotype did n't take has much as it could have here . 
  also most of us tend to think the austerity mesure will only lead to social trouble more than anything else . 
  but there is no hostility and i never feel any back comming from the greeks i know . 
  actually no . 
  she was there before the refugee crisis . 
  she has been steadily growing for the past ten years . 
  and i tend to think her anti-eu and nationnalistic stances give her has much , if not more , support than her anti-imigrant stances . 
  plus she has the whole anti-establishment discourse . 
  i do n't think germany will pause problem . 
  france on the other hand ... 
  yet . 
  because poeple answer without understanding what the implication of being a federation mean . 
  if you get down to it . 
  i doubt anyone is ready here . 
  it happen a year ago , with several attacks ( and one this summer ) . 
  of course it is a sensitive issue . 
  just let time do it 's work . 
  the rise of anti-eu parties . 
  the day they come in power , the project will die . 
  ehhh the fn is seducing more and more the younger age group here . 
  so let me doubt it . 
  i never found this sub particularly hostile to the germans . 
  but yeah for the greeks and the english , when you see the comments made . 
  it just hurt your eyes sometimes . 
  maybe but the stats are still off . 
  atheism is pretty big here , there is no way catholicism reach the level given . 
  the problem is we do n't have time . 
  the differences and rivalities existing in europe are bigger than what it was in the us . 
  you did n't have nation almost a millennium old with strong sense of identity who spend centuries trying to kill each other . 
  plus it not what most of the populations want ( otherwise nationalism would n't rise so fast ) . 
  also i doubt the instutution have power to do it . 
  in france we needed a strong state , several wars and sometimes a forcefull persuasion ( it depend on the region of course ) . 
  i am hungry now . 
  we have more than one , do n't worry . 
  baguette is just the best know and even then several kinds are aviable . 
  because the eu is a mess . 
  nobody agrees on anything and enforcing rules would probably create diplomatic tensions ( in the end , it lacks the legitimity to do it ) . 
  there is more than one actually , during the summer you will find fireworks almost everywhere in the country . 
  but the best are always either for the 14 july or for the 15 august . 
  edit : i ca n't write date in english . 
  is this right ? 
  our plan of world domination was discovered . 
  shit !, 
  on a more serious note , i am not really sure what we would be scheming with the commission . 
  especially when you know how much we agree with each other . 
  you have to discuss your budget for the year with the commission you know . 
  they do it with every eurozone country . 
  after i doubt they only look at deficit and debt , even if it is clearly in their biggest concern . 
  they also watch the economy and ask for certain regulation ( ex loi travail ) . 
  so i would n't be surprised if in certain case they take in account the context , neither would i be surprised if each gouvernement tries to gain space when they can . 
  yeah as if other countries do n't do that stuff . 
  let 's not dream . 
  i am pretty sure everyone negociate their budget and defict with the commission . 
  also i think it passed with hollande because he put a foot down to the deficit as much as he could . 
  and he passed the regulations asked . 
  yeah , tbh it is going to be hard when you see how little our political landscape changed in the decade . 
  the society is changing without them on this . 
  tbh our last parliamentary system was very unstable . 
  the 5th republic presidential system was in some way an answer to it . 
  yes , the tourism industry have been hit pretty bad this year . 
  we do n't do polls based on ethnic category . 
  tbh without the parlement support the president is kind of alone , it will be harder for him to gouvern . 
  add to that the fact that the prime minister have to be taken in a party who have the majority in the parlement so the dissolution is not always in the president 's favor ( see cohabitation , fun times ) . 
  and suck it luxembourg !, 
  yep but parents are still heavily behind their childrens tbh , and quite a few students take part time jobs . 
  after at 25-29 it not that rare for people to have a job and live in couple . 
  for your studies ? 
  if you stay in the public ( what most of people do ) , it is not expensive . 
  plus you can have access to state help depending on the income of your parents . 
  they are in a minority tbh .
