  though why do you want to ship of the eiffel tower to the us , we like it . 
  you agreed on a lot of stuffs , that is true . 
  haha yeah . 
  travail famille patrie , such a good time for us . 
  eddit : people relationship with nationalism depend on the country . 
  and it is not always a positive one . 
  it can be both a positive and negative force , it depend on what is done with it . 
  because they are going to lose their very comfortable place if they do so , hell some people might even end up in jail ( * coughsarkozycough * ) . 
  we are going through simalard situation in our political landscape . 
  but it is going to happen they like it or not . 
  poeple are too angry for it to get down any other way . 
  the thing is , we know what we are leaving but not where we are going . 
  it scare people . 
  tbh a lot of countries have corruption problems ( or a problem with taxes evasion , seriously that stuff plague indebted countries ) , i do n't think it is just a southern thing . 
  we also have a structural problem in general ( france is like southern europe in that way ) . 
  we have to rethink our model but it take times . 
  yep we did n't agree at all about greece . 
  france is also in syria right now tbh . 
  we are in a lot of place militarly or even with our diplomacy . 
  just because we are silent does n't mean we are doing nothing . 
  do n't forget the internal problems we have . 
  this is also why we are so silent , we have our own problems and it make us in no position to deal , or at least take the lead with certain stuffs ( the migrant crisis for example ) . 
  it become a german show because of the economical imbalance and the reunification everybody knows it . 
  but historicaly the eu was created by six core states and france and germany has a driving force , you like it or not . 
  and we are still the second largest country in the eu do n't eraze it so quickly . 
  plus i am sad to say it but we are also leading the populist force in the continent , here you have your knew political direction ( it just not what was waited or needed ) . 
  edit : add to that germany is the only link we have with eastern europe ( and northen europe to some extent ) we are much more linked to britain or southern europe , so an union with them is more difficult to build for us . 
  we do n't know them much . 
  what is your program ? 
  i prefer m\u00e9lanchon , to give you an idea on how far away we are on the political spectrum . 
  really ? 
  i do n't know the specificities , what is happening ? 
  yeah !, 
  keep on rollin ' baby !, 
  it would also be stupid given the current mood in the continent and the political crisis in spain . 
  well a lot of people are going to have problem with turkey , for the next few years at least . 
  i do n't understand what erdogan is doing on a diplomatic level , but i do n't think he is going to make a lot of friends . 
  we have a turkish community too , you know , but they are not not the one you hear the most about . 
  so i think those specificities are worth taking in acount . 
  you can be an annoying neighbour ( we still love you anyway ;p ) but you are not at fault here . 
  we are just a neurotic bunch tbh . 
  we are kind in `` choose btw plague or cholera '' situation . 
  he is just least incompetent or disliked but we are not putting a lot of hope in him . 
  ( he is far from th only one with corruption conviction on his resume . ), 
  algeria and france have a long and complicated relation . 
  the fact that you do n't have a role in syrian war or no colonial past with it will , at least , evacuate those problems . 
  we have other communities , not all of them keep to themself as much ( even then it is recent predicament their parents where much more integrated ) . 
  add to that french people do n't support communautarism , and the civil unrest we know right now is not limited to the banlieu , it is deeper than that . 
  in the end hat will happen to you and your immigration is up to you . 
  but there is no saying that you will follow our road . 
  our immigration is much more older than yours , our models of integrarion are also different . 
  we are at the third generation rigth now , plus you do n't have any colonial past with syria as far as i know . 
  one of our biggest problem is that we have a hard time making a place for our youth , who is growing . 
  the society is partly stuck and rooting because of it . 
  they have oil . 
  this is why we care . 
  because we sell weapons to people who are affiliated to isis even though we have been targeted . 
  trukey is know to do that , but so is saoudi arabia ( and they are big client , bigger than turkey ) . 
  we do n't like erdogan but we have nothing against the turks in general . 
  i do n't think belgium and france situations are comparable to germany , we have different problematics . 
  i agree , this election is getting more and more impredictable . 
  a lot could happen in a year . 
  i do n't believe it in 2017 ( plus sarkozy is a vermin , he has a strong base within les r\u00e9publicains ) but in 2022 who know . 
  he is asking for it , seriously . 
  do these poeple live on earth ? 
  just imagine if it is the fn . 
  : x ( ok maybe i am worrying too much ) . 
  but they are definitly going to have sits in the assembl\u00e9e . 
  france is going through a weird period politicaly . 
  the establishement is clearly dying ( ps-lr ) . 
  people are tried and the last five , hell ten years were shit . 
  we lost a lot of influence and the economical problems is not resolved plus now we have regulard terrorist attacks.people either vote extremes or do n't vote . 
  it is probably the last election where people are going to bother voting useful . 
  the problem is that it leave the fn without oponent . 
  so seeing holland act like he do is just crazy . 
  add to that i am kind of scared of what will happen when we get out of our lethargy because we accumulated a lot of anger and ressentiment . 
  not the left , the ps . 
  m\u00e9lanchon is growing ( not enough to win an election but still ) . 
  i swear to god . 
  it is like they are making a contest about who will say the most stupid/revolting stuff . 
  the election are going to be a slaugther ( for their political career too i hope ) . 
  the problem is that we do n't know what would be the fall out of the eu , or the condition , just that it is going to be a diplomatic shit storm if it happen . 
  plus the rise of far right in the middle of an economical down turn , terrorists attacks and a migrant crisis make it hard to be optimist . 
  some country are rebuilding or renforcing their army , it is waking bad memories . 
  also eastern europe and sandinavians are familiard with russia this is why they are suspicious . 
  and beside the us i find it unlikely to have extra-continental force intervening in europe . 
  it is not that expensive . 
  the cost in france mostly come from new investisements because our equipement is old ( 50 years if i remember correctly ) . 
  plus we are engeneering new reactors and since it is the first time they are built their cost is still uncertain but the price will fall over time . 
  what will cost you the most is building them but outside of it , it is worth it for the production you get . 
  because europeans never got along and there is a lot of old undigested stuff , even now . 
  the break up of the eu could give an outlet to that , breaking and forming new alliances , and russia know it . 
  ( even if i am not convinced by `` the russia will invide us all !! '', 
  but they could gain power , new allies and maybe decide to act on the eastern part of the continent ), 
  if italy and spain leave , i have a hard time seeing france staying tbh . 
  it is kind of the problem with senario of potential eurozone fall out . 
  one country leaving could lead the others to do the same . 
  but in what order ? 
  and how will diplomatic relation turn out ? 
  i agree .
