  not legally . 
  the big problem with germany is the job/family life balance because they lack of childcare . 
  it has nothing to do with a `` highter purpose '' . 
  nope that is not even close to it . 
  actually not that close . 
  i find le pen less conservative on the social plan than les republicains ( who took a turn for the worst with fillion ) and she took some idea from the far left in terms of economy . 
  while lr is socialy conservative but economically liberal . 
  plus there is their position on the ue , who are opposite . 
  it is about immigration and islam that the 2 parties agree . 
   would it be more likely from republican voters to turn to macron despite being on the left spectrum ? 
  macron is not left and actually is closer to the lr than le pen . 
  but for the vote it depend on what the person voting is after . 
  if those stuffs worked on her she would already have . 
  frankly france is not eurosceptic without reasons . 
  tbh i do n't see those elections stopping what cause nationalism . 
  the recovery might not be enough . 
  and seriously the growth is ridicule compared to what was destroyed . 
  the eu is already multi-speed . 
  it is not an empire and it is a little more than a confederation . 
  you want him ? 
  he will be free in some weeks . 
  no that is not how you do it . 
  polls are biased but it is not what posed a problem for the brexit and trump . 
  a lot of people do n't what to challenge their world view , and the media is very guilty of that . 
  because let 's be honnest all the signs were there and everybody know it was going to be a close call anyway , so why rule out the possibility of them winning ? 
  if you want a federal europe you have to build an european state ( it would resolve a lot of our problems actually ) , i do n't see macron having the courage to do it . 
  macron will just keep the entre deux ( btw f\u00e9d\u00e9ration and conf\u00e9d\u00e9ration ) which is actually the worse situation for the eu on the long run . 
  also merkel refugees policies was badly prepared ( and motivated ) . 
  you do n't really go anywhere with 1000 $ in the west especially in city ( just a renting a flat can take you half of it ) and you do n't have your family and friends to back you up if you have a problem . 
  unemployement rate play more than salary for southern countries ( france included though we choose canada , australia and new zealand as destination ) . 
  but people do n't leave definitly they come back after a year or two . 
  i do n't know switzerland is pretty expensive . 
  italy spain and portugal are in the west , ( not sure about their salary level but it might not be worthy it ) . 
  also they already do it to some extent . 
  of course ... 
  the french are not particularly in favor of those agrements either . 
  but since our politics prefers to play stupid game . 
  both the brexit and trump were at least at 40 % on the polls . 
  it is the commentator you should n't trust . 
  with a lot of abstention you probably could . 
  even for europe , i doubt he would be the best . 
  macron bring nothing that was n't tried before . 
  also l'assembl\u00e9 is directly elected , if he ca n'take have a majority it tells you something about th\u00e9 polarisation within the society . 
  because the way he want to reform the public sector migth make the state ingerable . 
  and it is true that calling everyone assist\u00e9s will calm down the country . 
  le pen is not losing steam . 
  where did you see that ? 
  dijon is active too . 
  but if there is only those cities it is not enough . 
  doubt the centrelisation have anything to do with it . 
  the north is in this . 
  no he is n't . 
  not really . 
  coll\u00e8ge is middle school . 
  the one they are after are the us . 
  the color code is weird . 
  the price of immobilier in cities can be crazy . 
  than does n't mean people do n't save . 
  what they do is tax evasion , it is hardly a secret . 
  well french people also save a lot in general . 
  the south is not poor in general and the rh\u00f4ne-alpes is booming . 
  or maybe it indicate the regions who were touched the most by the crisis . 
  you find the west area in orange active ? 
  fucking everything . 
  it would be simplier to ask what is not critisized or what people like about it . 
  you would have a shorter list . 
  the more it go , the less it is seen as a positive force , right now it is just a needed evil for a lot of people . 
  not sure this is a good ground for those kind of project . 
   what are the most common ( non-fn ) the fn just capted the discontentement of a part of the population . 
  the continuation of what have been hapening for the last 10-15 years . 
  that 's why even if le pen do n't pass this year there is no telling for 2022 . 
  this is neither good or bad . 
  for me it is a consequences of the choices made since the 70 , basically the end of an era and the birth of a new one . 
  we already are in a 2 or more speeds union ( the euro , schengen etc ) , the real deal would be to put it in place correctly . 
  also some of the countries who will be in the first speed union maybe too euroscepics for it to work on the long run . 
  i mean when 30 % of your electorate vote for a party who want to leave the eu and most of your population openly critique it at every chance given . 
  an ever closer union might not be the answer to their fear ( and i am only talking about france here ) . 
  more or less . 
  there is other factors at play ( like how acted the person and if they were ood at their job , who is accusing them etc ) . 
  that why fillion got blasted as he did . 
  nobody talk about programs . 
  you can vote leave for other reason than disenfranchisement . 
  yeah because the north or the east were never rich or thriving regions . 
  they kind of were kick out of where they lived for almost a century , rationality do n't play in this . 
  eddit : on \u00e9tait d\u00e9j\u00e0 riche avant les colonies . 
  where have you see a creative destruction in the past few years ? 
  add to it everybody keep talking about how robot and ai will be able to do complexs task . 
  what will you do with your population then . 
  because they used to be heavily industrial but the industry left or died and nothing took it 's place . 
  this also explain why people in those regions are more likely to be anti-eu . 
  migrants are probably not the biggest worry for those area . 
  15 to 30 % if i remember the article correctly . 
  i do n't know the year they took for their number . 
  spain too, 
  algerian war also we killed less jews during ww2 compared to germany or poland . 
  it has nothig to do with conversion . 
  you got the article in le monde too ? 
  i wanted to facepalm myself at the passage explaining how some of them come back because they found isreal too religious . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  there is so much idealisation here .
