  you are talking about alsace ? 
  corsica is mostly mountains tbh . 
  no , it is more a vote of class than one of age . 
  frankly i am not sure our youth is that progressive . 
  a mix of history and economy . 
  older people do n't vote le pen actually . 
  and franckly i am not convinced macron base voters is among the youth . 
  same reasons as trump . 
   mostly because the politicians prioritised it the society view motherhood differently too from what i get . 
   hi there . 
  been hearing alot about marine le pen being the next french president . 
  is she ? 
  ca n't you really find anyone better ? 
  if not , what drives you to her politics ??? 
  you will know may 7 . 
  right now we have n't even passed the first round . 
  can we stop with the `` but it 's impossible '' . 
  it is not likely but it is a possibility . 
  you view on race is pretty special though ( different history different context ) . 
  the usa also largly choose it 's immigration . 
  we do n't drink that much . 
  ( after the state kind of put it 's nose in it during the 19th probably early 20 th century . 
  trying to reduce alcolism . ), 
  but here it 's wine . 
  it not a very strong alcohol to begin with . 
  and let 's be honest it was used as water for a long time . 
  so you are not going to shock anyone with wine . 
  if you do n't take them , he might have to pays you the over time you 've done . 
  it is a thing done here . 
  instead of paying you , you get day off within the year to compensate when you needed to work more . 
   they need more tea no thank you . 
  it is the police in the middle of a riot , what did you expect ? 
  dude the police do n't shoot people on sight . 
  well brittany disapeared . 
  yeah because france never forcibly integreted or killed anyone ... 
  most of them already do . 
  the ones who do n't are a minority . 
  it 's been a while there is no more latin mass . 
  2 separate elections . 
  he have a lot of power and normaly he has the parlement behind him since they are so close . 
  but for this year idk ... 
  you wont find the same energy to supprot the eu ( plus the romanians are fuelled by anger right now ) . 
  i love how you can see france changing political majority . 
  yeah because russia are the only force at play here . 
  parlement have it 's own election . 
  liberal centrist are what we had for the past 5 years even 10 years , did the situation got better ? 
  you have soldiers in every city . 
  you get used to it . 
  daily life did n't really change in the end . 
  where ? 
  macron wo n't get the vote of the leftist . 
  constant state of fear ? 
  let 's not exagerate . 
  did n't spain had bombing in the 2000 ? 
   under direct control of the french finance ministry regarding one of france 's most important economic sectors . 
  you know a lot about france , i see . 
  it is such a waste of money . 
   western europeans hold ethnicity and nationality as far less important i do n't think it is completely true . 
  we tell ourselfs nations are from the past , we are building an european idetity , yada yada . 
  but when we are facing troubles what come back first ? 
  nationnalism . 
  so it definitly not dead in the west . 
  the most used too ? 
  because i remember the subway in rome and it deserved praticly nothing ( just a couple of stations at the historical center ) . 
  we had to get to it by a navette given by the hotel . 
  i really hope the rest of europe have bigger subways . 
  i was talking about the week after not overall . 
  well it might be what they are feeling . 
  shame because you can get a cheaper price to visist after an attack , since people will get elsewhere . 
  and you are in no more danger . 
  did n't museums closed in paris after the battaclan ? 
  the chinese are also reconsidering comming because of the thievery tbh . 
  on the other hand , there seem to be more and more indians and middle easterners . 
  it surprised me the last time i was in paris . 
  after i do n't know if terrorism play if you decide to go to the rest of france . 
  i do n't think the working place will be the real problem in term of langage barrier . 
  the daily life life on the other hand ... france also have a stronger and more internationnal scientific community than this threat let 's on . 
  well it is logical . 
  i know it can be hard to learn an other langage but you will live better if you understand what poeple around you are saying . 
   france is n't too keen on dropping the french language would you drop english ? 
   i know he 's speaking in english but it still seems like the communication is aimed at the french electorate rather than american scientists i do n't know . 
  why speak in english then ? 
  i do n't think this message is aimed at french people . 
  it is not hell either for scientifics . 
  we already have plenty of foreigners in the system . 
  it is not france promissing but macron . 
  for the moment he represent no one . 
  i do n't know if alsace will be particularly happy about it . 
  basically what drive trump , the brexit and our last regionnal election . 
  to simplify growing poverty , destruction of indusrties and services in rural areas and cities being driven by an internationnal model making them grow . 
  you have two `` regions '' going in opposit directions . 
  it create tensions who get into politics ( i am oversimplifying a lot ) . 
   rural areas are self reproducing ( or close to being so ) most of the people living there were born there ( or in very similar places ) and are already fully assimilated . 
  they have little desire to attract diversity ( just makes life more complicated ) and are also less tolerant towards or ready to absorb outside influences . 
  how many time do i have to hear this bullsh ** ? 
  there is also diversity in rural areas . 
  and i am not convinced of the `` tolerence '' of cities . 
   they generally produce many of the resources urban areas depend on , so there is also a supply/demand related tension . 
  it might be the problem . 
  i am not sure about what rural area produce and how the population profit from it .
