  it is n't politics , it 's math !, 
  how do you do it when you are surounded by taxes havens and have 10-25 % of your active population unemployed ? 
  your taxes basis get seriously eroded in this situation . 
  the eu was a flawed project from the begining . 
   with our society slowly dying of old age it woud be the young of southern europe that would pay into that ... eeeehhh ... no . 
  most of southern countries have low natality rates and the crisis did n't help . 
  is there not enough tax havens in europe ? 
   the eu is a success because the vast majority of europeans never have a say . 
  [ ... ] when a populist party manage to harness the frustration of people to the point where they were a danger to the two big parties the referendum appeared . 
  i see the same thing happening in mainland with the rise of populism . 
  the same thing is definetly happenning on the other side of the channel yes , maybe in worse :( ( i find british populist mouvement tame compared to the one in france ) . 
  but paying wo n't be enough to calm down people . 
  i agree on one thing , now that the pot is smaller with big country like france and italy facing problems , germany who do n't want ( and ca n't ) support the zone alone , the funds redistribition will possibibly be rethinked . 
  or at least it will be put on the table . 
  i do n't think the sentiment stayed . 
  spain and greece had stronger socialist mouvements in recent years . 
  the cia was watching the communist actually , they were some activity in france too ( they watched every countries with strongs communists mouvements ) . 
  but i do n't know the details on italian communism , it died and i do n't think their socialist mouvements are stronger than it is in any other european country . 
  more like the new couple therapist . 
  good luck , you will need it . 
  ( you also have a pro-european leader with a minimum of support within the population and an urgent issue on the hands ), 
  okay . 
  we did n't really understand the whole french/freedom fries thing tbh . 
  those anecdotes are not important for us ( i did n't even know it ) , we have other memories of wwii . 
  so this episode felt like someone trying to anger you by insulting your neightbour 's mother . 
  it just leave you confused on what is happening . 
   this is true and we are proud of our religious diversity . 
  france may consider this a negative for some reason or another but we dont . 
  the day you will go through decades religious wars ( comparable to what the middle east is living now ) , repressions of other religious minorities with the domination of one religion as an oppressive force , you might understand . 
  we do n't have comparable history with religion , just like we do n't have the same history with the notion of race . 
  also diversity is considered outside of race in europe , for oblivious reasons . 
  it also missed the point , fries are n't even french . 
  sarkozy complaining about france becoming too `` anglo-saxon '' . 
  i find it ironic . 
   it was clear that to the french we were just a political tool . 
  welcome to european diplomacy !, 
  you should be glad . 
  it just show you were welcomed in the big kids club . 
  everybody knew we had the habit of picking side just to fuck up with the brits . 
  so when you came along ... 
  it was just so easy . 
  on a more serious note your war of independence kind of ruinned us . 
  tell yourself that . 
   we all know you secretly loved us so much that you spend years speaking french after we left , even your motto is in french . 
   that 's basically 40 % of the french voting for her not really , there is also lot of abstention ( around 20 % for the last presidentiel i think , it will probably be more next year ) . 
  but it is not a reassuring informaion , no . 
   france is christian in name only france is christian ? 
  of course ... you are late of by a century of two here . 
  secularism is important here , even for christians . 
  we were always a very diverse country tbh ( it probably come with the geography ) . 
  you know i remember once , on a frenchbashing thread , i saw brits scolding an american for doing it . 
  and when the american pointed out they were doing the same , one of them ( the brits ) ended up in a monologue about how they had the right to do it because `` we have shed blood and tears together for almost a thousand years '' . 
  it was pretty funny to watch . 
  * hundred years war flashbacks *, 
   they really have a large pain in the ass about the brits , much bigger than the one poles have about russia . 
  where did you see it ? 
  because it is not the case . 
  our relation with britain is much more peaceful and playful than the one you have with russia . 
  yeah but the problem is , you are not britain . 
  you do n't have history to back you up , so those jokes are far from percieved as funny or playful . 
  the urban division is mostly done through class in europe , much more than through race . 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  bof . 
  i live in the county , most of the christians i know barely go to the mass two times a year and there is a lot of atheists in general . 
  after , people do n't really know the difference btw atheism and agnostism . 
  yes , we are . 
  the numbers are pretty low when you know our stance on religion as a culture . 
  we did n't hear about their affairs in a while , maybe it is that . 
  but there is macron and brigitte if you are interested  . 
  we will all take automatisaton in the face , let 's be honnest . 
  after there is talk with revenue universel and salaire a vie , but we have bigger concern to rule out before plainning this . 
  france have a real problem with it 's productive industry and formation . 
  let 's not add the problem energy will pose for all of us ( like the disapearance of oil ) . 
  but the most important is refounding our political system to make sure the people in power are accountable of their act or broke the concentration of power . 
  because seriously it is getting angering . 
  your religion is written in your id card ? 
  noooooooooooo !!, 
  not the catholic church !, 
  yes , come my friend . 
  40 % of atheist and the only thing our medias and politicians do is talk about religion , all day long . 
  i swear . 
  well le pen really want power . 
  it might not be the case for other right wing parties . 
  it depend on the person but re-industrialisation ( or at least producing what we consume on our soil when possible ) and ecology are their new platform . 
  plus rethinking internationnalism and mondialisation , but it is a redefinition of paradigm more than anything ( because historicaly the french left is internationalist ) . 
  they are also proposing to rebuilt our political institutions ( 6th republic , etc ) . 
  not really . 
  tbh the left in france is changing right now . 
  we are seeing a souverainist left starting to emerge . 
  mmm i think macron is more social liberal than valls is . 
  for me valls is just plain old right wing . 
   the left everywhere is an idiotic mess . 
  none on the entire continent can seem to find how they are any different than the right . 
  ( sorry it is the leftist in me . ), 
  because the eu has some serious disfonctions , it is not hard to see . 
  i would also add , we are in the middle of an existential crisis , trying to figure out what we want or who we are , etc. 
  ( being eurosceptic does not mean being anti-eu , just being doubtful about it . 
  for the moment the eu is still see as a necessity and a project . 
  but given how incertain our future look like , i ca n't tell you if it will stay that way ), 
  renzy is more comparable to hollande ( with more authority ) than valls .
