  but yeah , they need to stop with germany and quickly . 
  the only thing it does here is feeding a lowkey germanophoby . 
  xd yes !, 
  i am pretty sure la loi travail took some inspiration from it . 
  but the people who writted/passed this law do n't understand this country , clearly . 
  you can not touch it like it was done without triggering people . 
  yep , paper & plastic together ( blue ) , glass alone ( green ) , batteries in supermarket and the rest in the black bin . 
  some city even have compost but it is not wildly spread ( at least if you do n't have a garden ) . 
  we have those bins too ( plastic & paper , glass and batteries ) , you know . 
  they were so great the last time they were in power !, 
  yeah , do n't tell us about it . 
  i hope our left did n't take a hit too big to recover this quinquennat ( at least valls and hollande are dead politicaly . ), 
  their move was terrible , it pretty much killed the idea of useful vote here . 
  but in the end , it does n't suprise he did n't go talk to merkel about deficit rules . 
  they kind idealize germany , we hear about the ` german model ' everyday , it is starting to get anoying . 
  it is not going to get better tbh . 
  well , we have a more passionnate ( love/hate ) relationship with the british . 
   but eurosceptism is also high in france , so people are watching the brexit closely . 
  it might be one of the reason for a though stance . 
  a way to make sure eurosceptism do n't turn into a clear anti-eu stance . 
  xd why it does n't surprise me ? 
  yep . 
  but not the one you are thinking of . 
  no , it wo n't survive another brexit.we are not even sure the ue will survive the 10/20 years coming . 
  but we had shocks before and they did n't move . 
  so we will see what they do ... 
  eeeeeeeh ... we had greece and cyprus , plus a rise of populism and eurosceptism . 
  they were peaceful for me too . 
  it might depend on the city ( ex : nantes et rennes ) . 
  do you know how it was at lyon or marseille ? 
  not really . 
  i agree for dorne but it doubt bravos is a reference of the us . 
  also high garden and the reach are references to france . 
  the iron island could one be for scandinavia . 
  for us too . 
  let 's say i am doubtful about their solutions , when you know how this ended . 
  okay . 
  i love european history . 
  it is surprising you keep your king though , even more so if he was imposed by a foreign force ( iit took us several try to get ride of our monarchies ) . 
  you must have liked him . 
   not sure even a french should be happy about that . 
  belgium is not bothersome . 
  i mean who would we joke about if they were n't here . 
  you did ? 
  i am sure hollande was the best pro-free market candidate out there . 
  sarkozy never listened to us , he made it clear . 
  xd like an old anoying parent . 
  fucking with america and watching disapprovingly our neighbours by the window ( i see you britain ) . 
  or it will have the same destiny than the balkan . 
  but i hope not . 
  you are optimist . 
  i would have said 2022 . 
  not really . 
  stop being so defensive , do n't compare slave labour with your cheap labour . 
  your biggest poblem is your dependance on export . 
  and if it is intra-european export it is not a good thing . 
   he was probably courting some specific lobby . 
  really ? 
  this is not a good thing . 
  economical problems bring up tensions within the population . 
  but with newly arrived migrants ... 
  the worst is , they have the money to invest and help their population . 
  i knew we tried invade you !, 
  napol\u00e9on also tried to install a monarch at your head , no ? 
  ( he had an habit of placing his family members at the head of other european countries )  this is not an insult or negative thing at all , i very much appreciate france . 
  i did n't take it as an insult , do n't worry . 
  i was just pointing out that we do n't run in the same circles . 
  even in europe , we are closer to britain and other latin countries , you probably get along more with germany and northen europe . 
  for west africa , we left a big impact , not always a positive one ...  and i should probably add that we both supported the us war of independence . 
  you did it to fuck with the english , right ? 
  trying to fuck them up is always a positive thing . 
  and we have belgium . 
  even china is trying to get out of this mod\u00e8le ( cheap labour , economy based on export ) because it 's unsustainable on the long run . 
  i do n't see germany trying . 
  the day nobody can buy their export , they are going to be in deep shit . 
  it would be an horrible idea , and a good way to kill the eu once and for all . 
  the problem are not the comments but the situation he make them . 
  also like you pointed out , with all the bullshit heard in the past few years someone who shut-up for once would be great . 
  tbh the fact holland lied about his stance play a role , nobody in france will want a social democrate in years because of it . 
  also macron has an habit of making comments , who are not always liked . 
  he is not going to win anyone like that , especially not with the summer we had . 
  but he must be desesperate to resort to this , it is not his usual schemes . 
  no thank you . 
  we want change and a little hope , it is not going to happen with macron . 
  for me , he feel like a caricature of everything he represent . 
  ( plus he is not in the lr , if you are talking about the primaries . ), 
  yeah , now that i think about it , him and valls pretty much fucked up . 
  when was it two or three years ago ? 
  tbh we probably know more about africans countries than we know about you . 
  i do n't remember us having big historical link , when i think about it . 
  what did we do together ? 
  voldemort ? 
  when are they ? 
  * nervous laugh * . 
  he could pass again . 
  plus do n't forget le pen  . 
   with sarkozy i 'd probably go over the edge . 
  like us . 
  we had him for five years , he left a mess . 
  tbh no matter who pass , the 5/10 years coming will be ... complicated , to say the least .
