  you know amazonian forest and all . 
  yeah it is immigration who destroys the eu , not the econimical situation . 
  no ethnicity has nothing to do with it . 
  it is unconstitionnal . 
   what would be surprising to me would be to see them in the second round in 5 years time why ? 
  she was there 5 years ago and i do n't see any of the candidates resolving the problems the fn feed on . 
  she is at 30 % , the fn is one of the biggest french party now . 
  her father was n't even at 10 % for most of his career . 
  she never stopped . 
  doubt it because it did n't start with the terrorist attacks . 
  the fn largely feed on anti-eu feelings not just anti-immigration one, 
  on the migrants this sub can be pretty disturbing . 
  but outside of it is guess it fine . 
  yes it is , but even if you are not pro-eu you wont get too annoyed . 
  though it might explain why the majority of this sub occupied by eastern and northen european . 
  it is his own fault . 
  nope . 
  you must have left a long time ago . 
  there are still trolls though . 
  r/france is fine . 
  it is ? 
  remarks over the over-see ? 
  i never heard this about them . 
  also why would we discuss transfert , they are normal for us . 
  french erasmus love eastern europe in general . 
  not in every country . 
  i am not convinced french youths are more pro-eu than their parents . 
  it does n't even erode nationnal identities , it make them twice as strong . 
  the us and wealth also played majors roles . 
  now that those two are less present we will see how the eu handle thing . 
  i doubt it . 
   the thing is that most people view belgium as an extension of their own country but just a wee bit different not even that different . 
  but yeah there is def this feeling . 
  underdevelopped ... 
  the soul of france ? 
  what ? 
  because they have the hightest fertility rate of europe . 
  exept that is not exactly how french are between themself . 
  pessimism and self-loathing overtake arrogance, 
  why ? 
  we are not a war zone . 
  turn down the tv . 
  - bad handling of the crisis - the economical difference of countries within one currency or even under a free market - d\u00e9mocratic deficit - the half built institutions - the animosity growing because of the concurence brought by the free market . 
  germany is basicaly one of the popular kid . 
  ( though he may cry that i do n't know ) . 
  frankly i am tempted to say the head cheerleader who play the antagonist in most of hight school movie/series . 
  yep though france do `` hang out with the other kids '' ( if you look at our diplomacy we are more the kid who know everyone ) . 
  is this supposed to go with the arrogant stereotype ? 
  it one of the biggest reason why people vote for her , if she stop this stance she will lose a lot of vote . 
  expect people vote for her because she is against the eu . 
  macron is not left . 
  the elder daughter of the church thing was a long time ago . 
  neither . 
  some of these territorry stayed french until the 60 . 
  sarkozy and merkel were on the same side of the political spectrum , so it help . 
  also france had less problems so it was easier , people are more angry now . 
  yeah and the more it go the less we agree . 
  i hope we find a compromise before the french confrontational nature come back running . 
  it is not about having a better culture . 
  we are 67 millions ( in the french sense ) , in daily life people do n't need to speak english , it is the same in italy or spain . 
  our cultures do n't exactly have the same attitude toward religion . 
  it also twice as big . 
  well some alsacians are still pissed about wwii , they are not particularly tender with germans . 
  go back to sleep . 
  people did n't like italian immigrants back then . 
  it is funny because the minority completly dissolved into the french population over time . 
  so all those fear were unfounded . 
  the genetic differences are not big enought to make race a biological truth . 
  also you do n't have the same genetic material if you are from northern , southern , western or eastern europe . 
  because we also mixed with non europeans you know . 
  without talking about all the environemental selection . 
  and there is non-white europeans , when you grow-up on the continent i think you have every right to call yourself european . 
   so why is it that 10 % of europeans are resistant to hiv ? 
  it does n't make a race . 
  basically you eat what you can get and your body adapt . 
  it is also hormonal tbh . 
  i do n't find the us approach more healthy , it drives people away from each other without trying to see the other . 
  and often turn into a victim complex . 
  add to it there is no place for subtilities in their conception ( like why in france someone from the dom-tom might be treated differently than a sub-saharian african , even though they might be both black ) . 
  there is a middle ground to find . 
  do you want to kill what is left of hamon ? 
  she still do btw 36 and 47 % . 
  yeah opinions change with circonstances . 
  but i would n't count our youth particularly pro-eu . 
  dude racism is not just about white priviledge . 
  you can be racist while not being white and you also can be racist to someone who has the same skin color than you . 
  no it is not it . 
  plus the islands are not here . 
  race is a social construct ( talk to an american and you will see how different they conceive it from us ) . 
  but being european is not a race . 
  it killed people who could n't resist it , i guess . 
  or in iran and pakistan ? 
  it depend where you go . 
  lol, 
  anyone can abvort  how far into a pregnancy is it allowed ? 
  can the limit be extended if the fetus has problems ? 
  idk btw 12 and 14 weeks.for the extenation , probably if the woman health is in danger . 
   who pays for it ? 
  the secu , like other medical procedure . 
   can a husband stop a wife having one ?
