  no i do n't think so . 
  okay . 
   the wave has been stopped , though since when ? 
   le pen is as well ? 
  le pen is no tathcher . 
   how will the votes transfer ? 
  hard to say . 
  it depend who is in front of her . 
   are the french used to voting the lesser evil ? 
  and another . 
  a little too much . 
  but when you see the result ... let 's be honnest useful vote is tiring everyone . 
   could russia precipitate events that would drown the challengers ? 
  people do n't care about russia within the context of this election ( because it is not about russia ) . 
  so no , there is nothing it could do to majorly influence the voters . 
  plus he put in place a lot of stuffs . 
  we still live under the napoleonic code in a way . 
  it is why he is seen as more than a dictator with a big ego . 
  yeah we are . 
  you think they did n't try ? 
  you understimate the diference btw france and germany . 
  what work for germany does not work for us . 
  because in the end we do not need the same things . 
  too early to say . 
  it does n't mean she can not pass saddly . 
  it is too early to really get an idea . 
  he is exagerating , i doubt we will loose that much population . 
  plus i am not sure french people choose germany as their first choice to emmigrate ( add to it a lot of them come back ) . 
  10 to 30 years . 
  it is not that big , plus people do n't really leave france even with the employement rate . 
  so it will depend on germany 's immigration . 
  up until the 19th century ? 
  it is complicated . 
  wars , revolutions , revolts etc , but i would say mostly the change of societal values who came with the revolution . 
  shit i am only at 18 . 
  is n't there already several speeds with the euro and schengen ? 
  erasmus does n't really have a bad rep ( let ` so be honest it is about having fun ) but it does n't help . 
  half of the people i know did it , none of them feel more european . 
  yeah ... 
  switzerland will never join . 
  they would already done it if they wanted to . 
  let 's be honnest we should probably stop expending , for couple years at least . 
  add to it the franks were pretty much latinised at the time . 
  and the gauls disapeared centuries before his reign . 
   their founding father actually for us it is clovis more than charlemagne ( though he was an important leader but not a founding father ) . 
  depend on the country . 
  the eu is not homogenous . 
   the duch have a direct link to greek ? 
  you probaby did like us . 
  we thoughs ancien greece was super cool so we adopted a lot of greek words ( especially in scientific fields ) . 
  we were a two parties reign for a long time . 
  wow we are close to protestant europe , when you know what happen to the protestants in france , i am not sure about the choice . 
  also why are we so low on the secular value ? 
  even then , getting out of the euro do n't mean automaticly erasing the debt . 
   she even changed her speech about it , saying that she would n't get out of the euro as international trade currency , but will also have the franc as a national currency . 
  basically what we had before the euro . 
  what was the name already ? 
  the ecu ? 
  god , i do n't remember it . 
  i doubt it . 
  it did n't happen alone . 
  the unification of france coule be pretty damn violent at times . 
  here you have the reason why this comment did n't pass . 
  i wonder if he made it in another ex-colony , but with a more peacefull history ( with us ) or less links , how much people would have cared . 
  i do n't find it that strange when you consider the demography of the sub . 
  plus it always was leftist . 
   really ? 
  so the sub that supports some left wingers is correct and the sub that supports the centrist is wrong ? 
  pretty sure / r/france is the biased sub here and not / r/europe , considering that / r/france does n't seem to represent the public opinion in france there almost no french people on r/europe . 
  half of the people who give their opinion on macron here , will never vote in france . 
  tbh with him never going through an election , it is hard to pin point who is behind him . 
  the hillary . 
  but our politicals landscape are not comparable . 
  it could create conflicts , especially if a state is badly integrated . 
  plus with all the political cultures in europe it will be difficult to handle this without pissing people off . 
  also some people just want their state to be indepandant . 
  no , and for me , doing it now is asking for trouble . 
  it is not that small tbh . 
  also france did n't have a real recovery and barely growed the last few years . 
  we are also bigger , in term of population . 
  well you should watch what macron said six month ago . 
  you know `` colonisation was n't all bad , it created a state and a middle class '' . 
  it show he is not saying it because he believe it . 
  the only result he had here is pissing off pied-noir and hharki . 
  i do n't even know if he was able to seduce the electorate targeted . 
  why do you care that much ? 
  he is not your president . 
  we would prefer a competent president . 
  what the point of being honest if you are incompetent . 
  what do you want to know ? 
  he touched a complicated and loaded topic without thinking and now it 's coming back at him . 
  it 's syria , which is a relatively understable response in our position . 
  france agricultural norms is based on regionnal specificities . 
  doubt they will be able to resistanbul those kind of trace deal . 
  `` outsider '' . 
  france is not an exporter , so this trace deal is not in our favor . 
  also there is the question about the control we have of our own norms . 
  it also an anti-trade agreement thing . 
  for us at least . 
  yep .
