  we are not in greece 's situation . 
  our econonomy is much more solid than you believe , seriously . 
  and we have known worse . 
  we are at a point where we started to produce our own manga . 
  frankly he might be french . 
  beware the arabs , turks , black and pakistani are coming for the red space . 
  one day some originalty will have to make it to those jokes . 
  tbh french humor is like that . 
  you get it . 
  i do n't know . 
  the inferirority complex is starting to feeding up people . 
  it often linked to a strong pessimism ( frankly you listent to french people we are the worst in the worldand bad at everything ) . 
  the problem is this type of attitude feed the fn . 
  we are couverte de slavs ? 
  since when ? 
  do n't you mean celt ? 
  well if you ca n't tell the differences too , why do you complain about it ? 
  well if you ca n't tell the differences too , why do you complain about it ? 
  we actually do buy our own eggs . 
   northern france is part of the british isles ? 
   historically france has had more interactions with britain , the atlantic , the low countries and germany than it has had with spain . 
  you should go back to history classes . 
  let ` sur be honnest it is a politicien thing , i doubt it is a fren ` h\u00e9site specificity . 
  like everyone . 
  apperently he remplaced pompidou after his death . 
  not sure he count . 
  to get te country on fire ? 
  we do n't remember his presidency the same way . 
  chirac got 80 % against lepen . 
  enthusiastic ? 
  the eu also walk on it 's head on so many things . 
  i do n't think chauvinism is the reason for this distrust . 
  the trust was never big , and it is not without reasons, 
  we will see . 
  i doubt it concern just europe . 
  i doubt it concern just europe . 
  felines kills for fun . 
  everyone with a cat can tell you that . 
  he does have authoritarian tendency just look at his attitude toward the parlement . 
  he was elected 2 months ago , himais having 50 % is not sun pris ingerable . 
  let 's see in a year where he stand . 
  he 's been their for 2 months . 
  it is hard to know if his popularity will continue to go down , stagnate or go up . 
  but he maked some pr mistakes . 
  yes but not as much as believed . 
  and let someone else take their place . 
  it does n't mean it will be better . 
  tbh i do n't think they are finished . 
  not with ww2 but frankly with figure like joan of arc it could be possible . 
  we make our own story . 
  i will add some web s\u00e9ries . 
  le visiteur du futur , noob and the flander 's company are great , though the last two are made by amateur . 
  i also liked bloqu\u00e9s , it is a canal + serie with orelsan . 
  no the price were high before him and the rise constant . 
  it is not just his policy ( which do n't help ) . 
  he is getting anoying especially with the stance he choose ( pr\u00e9sident jupiterien ) . 
  he made some mistakes with his comm . 
  people did n't exept anything . 
  it was that or le pen . 
  so kind of like here ? 
  but the money do n't come from nowhere , people pay for it as fees or taken from the salary . 
  those meal are paid for . 
  he just explained you how . 
  even then retirement norms are national . 
  eehhh yes they should . 
  no it is just google translation . 
  i do n't know if there is a clear age . 
  people here leave at eigtheen but go back after their studies . 
  the time to find a steady job . 
  it mostly because obesity is considered dangerous for the health . 
  overweight is fine but if you reach the obese state your doctor will try to make you loose weigth . 
  people of the north ... 
  the majority of france use pain au chocolat . 
  expect only a part of france is mediterranean . 
  she is talking about quitting politics . 
  i see philipot trying before her . 
  the fillion crowd . 
  i do n't know how many catholics there is left in this country . 
  even the 5 republic do n't look like what it used to be when it was created . 
  plus there is regular talk of a six republic . 
  so yep . 
  ok my bad . 
  still i have a hard time picturing how merkel would do with the french political culture . 
  a very bloody one , with complete renewal of ideas etc. 
  so yeah even if translate it in teenage crisis it is not that empty or vain . 
  they were also calculated for travelling conveniance . 
  eeegh , why is reddit obsessed with dividing countries ? 
  plus those characters are generaly very layered . 
  they are hardly just blond bimbos . 
  ( unless you mean in the `` coconuts/abrico '' personnality sense ) look at french history and take your pick . 
  just look at the french revolution . 
  bof . 
  as long as you pay . 
  that does n't mean strong unions . 
  was greece in it ? 
  frankly , i always though of france being the equivalent of the antagonist in teenage flick ( the pretty , snooby , cunning `` popular girl '' ) with some form of tragic or rebelious backstory . 
  like raised ultra catholic but became a raging atheist etc. 
  and yet england is one of his main partner ( god this relationship definitly started with a dick mesuring contest ) . 
  the eu make regulations who are latter passed into internal law . 
  free market and circulation is one of the cardinal concept .
