  but instead of taking conquest you are just using soft power . 
  eddit : as a french person i am fine with trying to annex the uk . 
  i mean guys when was our last war ? 
  we have to relive the romance a little . 
  nope . 
  add to that the different diplomatic relationships . 
  just look at russia . 
  france do n't see russia as a threat , but a potential ally . 
  for eastern europeans i am not sure it is the same . 
  do you think we can stole one from another country ? 
  but good president are harder to find these day . 
  yeeahhh , it is not a good new for any future eu army to make this comparaison . 
  we are barely able to manage economic policies together . 
  so managing an army ? 
  maybe we should try again . 
  i mean we are the only one with an army still working . 
  so basically a part of the population became russophone during the urss . 
  ok thanks . 
  how come they got together in the first place ? 
  tbh it is probably the reason why we like strong state et `` les hommes providentiels '' ( the monarch symbolism i guess ) . 
  we built ourself around the head ( loyalty to the king became loyalty to the republic ) . 
  but the idea of france as a nation existed before the revolution , it probably began to take shape with the capetiens dynasty ( this is when we broke off from the frankish kingdom ) and the hundred years wars was a real shift . 
  hre and germany construction are not comparable . 
  we are closer the the english in that way . 
  roussillon je suppose . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  eddit : how did i forgot about the departements being an invention of the revolution . 
  lol i am pretty sure corsica have bilingual schools too . 
  even with english ? 
  it is weird , normaly their dislike is pretty much pointing one direction . 
  flemish do n't mind speaking french if they know you are french . 
  if you are wallon on the other hand ... 
  you should read a little more about roman history . 
  you will be surprised . 
  well you can go back very far like that . 
  do you also want to talk about the romans destroying celtic culture when they invaded us ? 
  tbh langue d'oc and langue d'oil ( + franco-provencal ) have the same roots . 
  they were even intelligible in early middle age , from what i get . 
  well this reform was done to balance regions with each other and reduce administrative cost . 
  what does it have ot do with anything ? 
  le pen rise have nothing to do with our language . 
  french is no more fighting for it 's existance than spannish or portuguese is . 
  and absorbing words from other languages is nothing new , english speakers should know it . 
  eddit : plus we are all going to speak mandarin in the future ;p . so who cares . 
  tbh we have to rethink our way of teaching foreign langages , it is pretty terrible . 
  but i think some local langages are comming back as a third or second choice in certain regions . 
  why do you have a hard time understanding , that certain violence in history get digested over time . 
  french people do n't care , look at this thread . 
  it was violent but we got over it . 
  there is no need to fight so much for something who is not even considered revolting by the poeple it concerns and happen a century ago . 
  democratic , it deppends of the time period tbh . 
  also you realise democracies come in all shapes and forms . 
  well it did n't happen like that , too bad . 
  because our leaders wanted us to have the same language for political purpose . 
  africans and asians also slaughter each others on a regular basis , this no europeans exeptionalism . 
  hell even champanzees do it . 
  possible . 
  je supprime . 
  lol . 
  or just like the world is using english as a lingua franca , but it does n't make it english or erase any of our cultural specificities . 
  they were some serious wars and revolts at the time too . 
  in the end , i think most of people accepted it because it is easier to move in a country where everybody speak the same tongue . 
  so a common identity probably existed before . 
  mostly yes , they are not massively followed . 
  alsace have no major autonomist or independentist mouvements ( we would have heard about it ) . 
  they seem fine where they are . 
  tbh 90 % of the people i know do n't even care about the fact that their regional identity was erased . 
  i doubt it is very different in the rest of the country . 
  the only regret i see is the langage ; but that 's about it . 
  and regionalism only survived in zones with stronger identity ( corsica , bretagne , alsace , pays-basques . ), 
  well france is not spain , get over it . 
  you could have called yourself bas-de-france , to keep the theme going . 
  ok . well for the balance of the zone , it is better like this . 
  ( at least you avoided being renamed , seriously who renamed the north . ), 
  it is funny ( and completly understanble ) how wealths and administrative capitals always come back with this reform . 
  even with franche-comt\u00e9 and bourgogne some rivality was born because of it , but dijon is bigger than besan\u00e7on so meh . 
  i wondered , how come you were not regrouped with anyone else ? 
  was there any propositions made ? 
  france was france before the revolution . 
  french identity builted since the hundred years wars ( even before ) but it was gradual and some periods are more radical than others on this . 
  plus centralisation started before , they were sign of it under louis xiv , the revolution just took it further . 
  i am not alsacian so i do n't know the details . 
  but there is something about their social security with it , i think . 
  i hear it form time to time but i never looked into it , so i might be mixing some stuff up . 
  if anyone want to clear things up , feel free . 
  even the pays basques ( we do n't hear much about them anymore btw , did something happen ? ), 
  have made no clear declarations of wanting to be reunited with it 's spanish contrepart , so catalonia is far from this road . 
  tbh germany ( rfa at the time ) saw it 's public debt reduced after the 50 , to make sure it could restart on a good foot and avoid future conflicts . 
  what worry me about greece is this lack of long term view . 
  plus when you look at the history of public debt ( it can be so violent ) restructuration , even full on erasure of public debt happen on regular basis . 
  because of it ( like you said ) when you let a state borrow monney , interest rate are supposed to covers those risks , but the euro did pose problem here . 
  * evil laughter *, 
  i am from franche-comt\u00e9 ( wrong neighbour ) . 
  we have our hand full with bourgogne already , do n't worry . 
  i do n't know , regions do so little , i have a hard time believing it . 
  maybe on a longer run . 
  plus regional culture were n't followed and people do n't have much interest in regional politics . 
  bof , the state have been trying to promote regional culture in the last decades ( langage in particular ) but there is not much left in most regions . 
  yep , departements do more than regions tbh . 
  and they do n't even do that much .
