  it is getting annoying over time . 
  the fn have it 's own base . 
  macron is a newbie and barely had the time to build any . 
  i want to cry when i see the choices we have ( and not of happinness ) . 
  and anti-eu feelings . 
  but yeah immigration is not what feed it overall . 
  yes , we have some links with luxembourg too . 
  but overall you are still more on germany 's side tbh . 
  also sometimes i wonder if the rift btw france and germany is not partly fueled by the north/south and east/west divide growing in europe . 
  he betrayed them so i would n't count on it . 
  also are you talking about the election or the pm nomination ? 
  exept macron lacks a lot of support . 
  lol merkel and macron will probably give the same results as merkel and hollande . 
  no he does hold some power . 
  but he has to work with his pr\u00e9sident . 
  add to it the pm is from the majority so he often have the parlement with him . 
  eehhh not really . 
  the frexit is one of her core promises . 
  with the brexit and trump she has no reasons to tune it down . 
  the reaction of the market were there with the euro . 
  it is the price of freedom of capitaux and speculation ( also the market could very well kill the euro if they wanted too ) . 
  personnaly i prefer a money who work and do n't risk crumbling every 10 years because we ca n't agree on budgetary mesures , when we need a clear line which just end up driving us apart . 
  the day we have the structures why not but it is not the case rigth now . 
  i am not sure there is still going to be an euro if we leave . 
  also the euro is not magical . 
  if nobody agree and want to fix it 's problem , why keep it ? 
  there is a moment a choice have to be made about it . 
  it is not urban either . 
  as it was for the last ten years but you know whatever . 
  actually the massive abstention is what worry me , add to that the the game other parties are playing . 
  and i do n't believe in a massive anti-fn vote this time tbh . 
  well from what i get they french population of reddit seems to be male and often uban / middle class . 
  so yeah it play . 
  a little too much in sometimes . 
  this is generaly not what i hear irl . 
  idk with the shit show it was after 2008 , french pessimism is not that surprising especially with how it touched other latin countries . 
  we were never optimist folks to behind with . 
  also spain and greece problems are not the same at all . 
  spanish have reasons to be more optimisic . 
  not sure what surprise you . 
  we kind of are the prime definition of a centralized country . 
  around 39h i think . 
  the 35h is basicaly just a way to count extra hours . 
  germany never hated france ... eeeh ? 
  what ? 
  england hate club . 
  we get together every tuesday and friday if anyone is interested . 
  one day you will have to buy new jokes . 
  those are getting overused . 
  she took quite a few ideas from the left ( it is a weird mix up she did ) . 
  not really . 
  les republicains had 4 millions of voters not 60 . 
  le pen is actually less conservative . 
  * les republicans * return to more conservative roots . 
  i would n't say their voter base are representative of the whole country . 
   he is the candidate that is more well positioned to win mostly because he has the fn in front not because people believe in him ( spoiler alert : they do n't ) . 
  and again , i would n't even be surprised if the level of abstention rises in the second round . 
   have a look on your own roots who knows maybe you have polish great great-grandfather i do n't , that for sure ( he was swiss actually ) . 
  you did n't need to pull the stats and start about the imigration waves we has trough the century . 
  i am just pointing out how is demographics part is not really relevent . 
  and if it is too much you can always take more recent waves like the one we had from portugal or spain . 
   assuming all these data altoghter it seems that france is now french-minority not really . 
  red wine , champagne ... you will have to choose . 
  i am not sure about the demographic groups . 
  ( why talk about the franks and celts but not about the europeans minorities who immigrated over time ? ), 
  the concept la\u00efcit\u00e9 did n't start with the growth of islam in france . 
  where do you see inflation in the ez right now ? 
   is it just hollande that 's unpopular , or is it his party too ? 
  both . 
  they kind of self-destructed . 
   how likely is this decision to affect in any meaningful way the predicted outcome of the first round , i.e. 
  le pen ? 
  no i do n't think his decision will affect the election that much . 
  it has nothing to do with the quality of our roads tbh . 
  eehhhhhh is it a good idea though ? 
  ch has a very specific brand of humour , not sure how it will translate . 
  we ave more youngs tbh . 
  it plays . 
  well fillion is sarkozy ex pm . 
  but i get why you could confused , though the pm normally does n't put is nose in external affairs here . 
   they probably prefer that he is on the same page as them . 
  i doubt fillion will fit the bill . 
  those five years are going to be shit , again . 
  french pm ? 
  you mean president ? 
  actually it is more akin to naming your kid oussama ben laden . 
  it will lead nowhere . 
  do n't expect anything, 
  even within western europe there is still some big differences . 
  look at spain . 
  we are not a federation . 
  if the election do n't concern the local directly , they are national . 
  do we tell him about junker ? 
  we clearly do n't need americans here . 
  you should look up the consequences of climate change . 
  not going to happen with have the politics we have right now . 
  yes indeed . 
  the same chances the brexit or trump had to pass . 
  i agree . 
  add to it the sudden rise of taxation made under hollande et sarkozy did n't help .
