it 's not socialism but it is n't free market capitalism either, 
  it 's just not true . 
  i 've never heard someone even make that claim outside of reddit . 
  the idea that each state or region is like its own country is absurd . 
  i have family in the northwest , midwest and southeast . 
  after you adjust for urbanization and race the places are quite similar . 
  forgive my ignorance , but is n't tourism the main/only reason why venice is still important ? 
  okay , but people being fed creates value . 
  without food where would we be ? 
  what about water ? 
  and in the winter being clothed can create value because it lets people go places like work without freezing . 
  where would we be without coats ? 
  where would we be without food/clothing/anything ? 
  using your logic should n't those things be provided for free to everyone ? 
  could n't you make that argument in defense of almost anything ? 
  would moldova want to be surrounded by the eu ? 
  uh ... that 's just not true . 
  at all . 
  i think it 's a mitch hedberg reference . 
  they say this thing in texas , they say it everywhere , but they also say it in texas . 
  i thought we were talking about muslims ? 
  what if you offer but they do n't accept ? 
  i thought travellers were different than gypsies ? 
  what do you think about the high birthrates ? 
  could n't that be viewed as abuse ? 
  i would be horrified if i had to look at that stuff . 
  they 're good at basketball despite being a small country . 
  people say that a lot but it really is n't true . 
  american redditors just do n't want to associate with the south . 
  if the beer was terrible you were drinking the wrong beer . 
  there are so many options that no matter what your taste you could find the right beer for you . 
  what did you drink while you were here ? 
  they already have a bunch of non-russian allies on their doorstep . 
  i do n't see how another one would be that big of a deal . 
  why are you trying to blame america for the actions of an eu government ? 
  does n't it depend on which mafia we 're talking about ? 
  i do n't get it either . 
  it makes decent sense to me . 
  oh please . 
  our microbreweries are some of the best in the world . 
  you guys just think our beer is bad because our best beer does n't get exported . 
  the reason why you guys drink warmer beer is because you usually drink ale which is normally served warmer than lager . 
  hbo ? 
  he was making a holocaust reference . 
  i guess we just live in different countries . 
  people who oppose cannabis also attribute a bunch of unproven things to it . 
  skokie : neo-nazi 's tried to march hear , people were upset , there was a lawsuit and a movie , neo-nazis win case but decide not to march because they would get their ass kicked . 
  so i guess our gift was a movie . 
  damn straight . 
  should n't an attack on the falklands be considered an attack on nato ? 
  i 'm confused on how this works . 
  humility fights against patriotism and nationalism . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  i did . 
  russain goodwill ? 
  that 's a joke right ? 
  i disagree . 
  they should have never made the constitution so vague ( what the hell is `` cruel and unusual '' supposed to even refer to ? 
  and now canada is thinking about expanding their military budget and expanding its foreign policy . 
  nationalism is still big over here . 
  even our left wing people are really nationalist . 
  do europeans actually want serbia in the eu ? 
  serious question . 
  unlike other recessions which were just peachy . 
  recession , government does n't do stimulus , economy recovers . 
  i already elaborated on this with the irish guy . 
   the crash did n't happen until 1929 . 
  ... you do realize that there were depressions and recessions before 1929 right ? 
  yes , i think there was n't a stimulus effort . 
  well me and the irish guy were talking about the us . 
  i do n't know about the situation in spain . 
   why are n't we recovering after 5 years ? 
  which country are you talking about ? 
   it 's a wonder the u.s is looking at growth at all now not really , economies naturally recover from recessions and depressions . 
  we 've recovered from worse contractions during the past with less government stimulus and in less time . 
  1922 is a good example of that . 
  should europeans not be allowed to talk about america ? 
  ever ? 
  just because fox is idiotic does n't mean we are n't allowed to have opinions or interests in other countries . 
  oh come on . 
  the vast majority of americans do n't believe that video . 
  and besides , if we can only focus on our own country , does n't that mean you should only focus on the uk and the eu ? 
  can anyone explain to me why the russians were always so hateful towards pows ? 
  in the us pows are viewed as victims and/or heroes . 
  i disagree with the idea that obama 's economic programs were so successful . 
  obamacare was pretty much the worse way to move towards universal healthcare and within the first three years he already racked up more debt than bush did in all eight years . 
  australia also has a lot of natural resources and they are doing fine . 
   if you want to find oil from a country that does n't commit human rights abuses , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  your first sentence was simply wrong . 
  norway ? 
  i just bought raw milk cheese yesterday . 
  in america . 
  i think there is some sort of loophole where you can own part of a cow and buy raw milk cheese . 
  comparative advantage . 
  is n't this because europeans have so low birthrates ? 
  or is this unnecessary and i 'm mistaken ? 
  there is a difference between decriminalization and legalization . 
  i wish people would realize that . 
  i 'm not saying branson is confusing the two , but many other people do . 
  seriously chill out .
