  were n't you the guy saying that the us should n't be on the list because the government was too small ? 
   also why the us has the worst quality of life metrics in the developed world we 're in the top ten for the oecd index . 
  no one is saying that you * need * religion to create fanatics . 
  we 're just saying that religion * can * and * does * create fanatics . 
   the most prosperous nations are not the ones with smaller governments . 
  did you not see the list ? 
  the us was in the top ten . 
  `` just '' a religion ? 
  i know it 's hard for liberals to understand but people with true faith often revolve their whole ideology around religion . 
  i 'm not an anarchist . 
  it seems like your core moral views are utilitarian ( although people apply those core views differently and come to vastly different conclusions ) . 
  i thought social referred to non-economic domestic issues ? 
  are n't you guys celtic ? 
  yeah that 's just false . 
  most third world countries suffer from too much government red tape . 
  and remember , somalia is a failed communist state . 
  just because it happened to ireland does n't mean it will happen to australia . 
  having a relatively small government does n't automatically mean your country sucks . 
  can/should i take the survey if i 'm not european but i frequent this subreddit ? 
  no not really . 
  okay ... that still proves my point . 
  the ihwc is not a real world championship . 
   how can you claim the us to clearly be `` dominant '' ? 
  i said that the us * and canada * . 
  and what 's the point of looking at olympic medals from decades ago ? 
  i 'm talking about right now . 
   what does it matter , really . 
  it has a huge effect that 's why it matters . 
   this applies to everyone , you know . 
  and ? 
  if the best players ca n't compete it 's not a real world championship . 
   huh ? 
  the united states and canada do n't send their best players to the ihwc . 
  nhl players in the playoffs ca n't compete . 
  it 's not a legitimate world championship . 
   do you have a better idea of how to rank hockey countries ? 
  but those rankings are still shit . 
  oh please those ranking are based off of the ihwc . 
  there 's no anger over here . 
  why do europeans get so upset when people point out that canada and the us dominate ice hockey ? 
  should they really be calling it the world championship if the two best countries do n't send their best players ? 
  get some immigrants from mexico . 
  we ca n't take them all . 
  jews were a small group that generally favored secularism and keeping their religion to themselves . 
  huh ? 
   i presumed the suggestion was that this is done through legislation . 
  bad presumption . 
  he was saying that the traditions would be done away with culturally , not politically . 
  is there no correlation between ethnicity and religion ? 
  no one said anything about making things illegal . 
   if growth of economic output can absorb the expansion of currency there will be no inflation . 
  true . 
   if the economy is not running at full output , you can in fact !, 
  expand without inflation no , you can only expand and not get inflation if you are currently experiencing deflation . 
  which europe is not . 
  which is my point . 
  monetary expansion either leads to increasing inflation or decreasing disinflation or deflation . 
  you said that when the money supply was too low we have deflation . 
  you admit that europe currently has mild inflation . 
  so that mean the issue is ** not ** because there is too little currency . 
  inflation does n't happen right away , but increasing the supply of money will in fact increase inflation . 
  there will be a delay , but there is no way you can increase the supply of money and not get an increase in inflation or a decrease in disinflation or deflation . 
   when unemployment is at 10 ( or more ) percent that means an economy is nowhere near its ppf and you can straight up print money and drop it via helicopters and you will still not see any inflation !!!, 
  reaching full economic potential is not merely an issue of having enough currency . 
  and even if it was ( which it is n't ) creating more currency would still increase inflation or decrease deflation . 
  this is a very outdated way of viewing economics . 
  you keep using the word `` liberal '' . 
  i do n't think that word means what you think it means . 
  naturalistic fallacy . 
  adopt kids from other countries then . 
  there are a lot of kids overseas who need to be adopted . 
  americans adopt from places like china , latin america and africa all the time . 
  people will have to transition into other jobs . 
  people are always afraid that technology will increase unemployment but in the long run people always find other things to do with their labor . 
  same argument can by used in favor of free trade . 
  one how many is it in your country ? 
  i thought the definition of immigrant was `` born in another country but now lives here '' . 
  `` immigrants '', 
  i thought the poll tax meant that everyone would pay the same ? 
  if there ever was a north american union i think it would just be canada and the us . 
  we would never want to union with mexico . 
  if they gave the kid up for adoption why should they be able to take the kid back ? 
   youthcare will always try to find a family first with a matching cultural background . 
  i 'm confused , infants do n't have a culture . 
  the vote of people is small states carries more weight than the people from big states . 
  let 's say you 're from a state with 300,000 people . 
  your state gets three electoral votes . 
  that means one vote equals 1/100 ,000 th of an electoral vote . 
  now let 's say you live in a large state with 30,000,000 people . 
  your state gets less that 60 electoral votes , so your one vote is less than 1/500 ,000 th of a vote . 
  this is unfair . 
  the senate comes from a time when people self-identified with their state instead of their country , so there was a fear that big states would take advantage of small states . 
  in the 21st century this is not longer the case . 
  no one ( except for some texans ) self-identify by state . 
  contrary to public opinion , hoover did not `` do nothing '' . 
  he actually did a lot of things to try and fight the depression , it 's just that they did n't work . 
   in britain , unemployment jumped from 10.4 % in 1929 to 22.1 % by early 1932 , even while government debt surged . 
  in germany , the social democrats stupidly clung to the orthodoxy of austerity , pushing joblessness up to to 30 % by 1932 in the us we had the new deal , and our economy kept falling as well . 
  the issue that caused the great depression was deflation and governments responding with tariffs . 
  in a globalized world when major countries like the us sink into depression , other countries are going to get dragged down as well .
