  am guilty however, 
  they have n't drawn him in the past year , as far as i know . 
  probably for fear of death . 
  no , but one reason you should n't not draw him is due to fear of death , which is why they shy away from it . 
  find a drawing of him recently , though . 
  and i was getting at this http://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/charlie-hebdo-has-gone-soft-on-extremists-quitting-journalist, 
  what it taught me is that the best way to end free speech is through violence and fear , no matter what the context is . 
  the men who shot them were n't a government , or even a defined , particular group.there was two of them , and only one attack . 
  but it worked . 
  charlie hebdo will not dare to draw the prophet anytime soon . 
  * did you just assume they 're not human ? 
  you ca n't assume their gender silly, 
  it 's not ` real ' privatisation if it 's sold to a public , state-subsidised entity . 
  you ca n't really blame privatisation itself for this , just who the tories decided to sell to . 
  andrej babis ( edit : finance minister ) also had this to say  unfortunately ... ( this ) policy is responsible for this dreadful act . 
  it was she who let migrants enter germany and the whole of europe in uncontrolled waves , without papers , therefore without knowing who they really are ... `` the solution is peace in syria and the return of migrants to their homes . 
  there is no place for them in europe wise guy !, 
  no mass murder or rape for the czechs !, 
  what 's hilarious is that the catholic church has raped children , imprisoned young women in laundries and traficked their children abroad , yet it finds a maccy d 's in the vatican * offensive * ? 
  well , there will be no doubt more attacks , but the police are getting better at stopping them . 
  they stopped 13 in paris after the nice attack . 
  that being said , they have free run of the country , and do n't need to acquire a warrant before searching . 
  i 'd be more worried about the quiete presence of islamists in france and non-french enclaves in banlieues . 
  he did . 
  i do n't get it ... explain pls someone for all of the unenlightened folks, 
  i like to think it 's a bit more profound than simple efficiency . 
  it shows that , in an ideal world , people will set aside their differences and work together to produce things to help others , and they 'll profit from doing so . 
  run russia 's economy into the ground with a war they ca n't afford is one reddit layman theory i 've heard . 
  and the us , like every other country , loves power . 
  russia has a military base in syria called tartus on the med . 
  they do n't want to lose it . 
  how ? 
  yes , i was corrected on that by another user . 
  i 'll edit the comment, 
  yes , but sikhs , indians and others from south asia and the middle east complained that the bbc was not being specific enough in their reporting and putting all british-asians in a negative light , when in fact all the perpetrators were from just pakistan . 
  ( and a few from england ) the term ` asian ' in britain refers to the wider asian community , and hence includes a lot more than just pakistanis . 
  it 's misleading reporting . 
  oh sorry , south asian . 
  it 's pretty close to the middle east and on the same continent so i messed up there . 
  ... they are middle-eastern muslims . 
  not just middle-eastern , but pakistani . 
  every child rape gang was , from telford , derby , bristol , rochdale . 
  not iranian , or from iraq , afghanistan etc. 
  just pakistan . 
  that 's a fact . 
  they targeted english , non-muslim girls for a reason . 
  and the bbc express a reluctance not to report this phenomenon in it 's entirety . 
  if they were all from ireland , i would be equally outraged if they did n't mention that . 
  it supports my narrative * because it 's true . 
  * do i have prejudices ? 
  i do n't hate muslims or pakistanians . 
  some of my ( quite distant admittedly ) family are muslim . 
  i 've been to mosques when i was a kid . 
  if you told what i typed to me years ago i would have called you a racist . 
  but it happened none the less . 
  edit : pakistan is south asian , not in the middle east, 
  ` asian ' is a pretty vague word . 
  yes , it is commonly used in britain , but only to describe the larger asian community . 
  in this case , they were pakistani and english . 
  many other rape gangs are almost entirely pakistani with a couple of english men/women . 
  other asians , such as sikhs , indians or eastern asian people condemned media that insisted on calling them asian . 
  although true , it was specifically pakistani men in these gangs . 
  they would also use one or two english men to ` recruit ' the victims from care homes . 
  calling them asian is misleading , and i have reason to believe the bbc does it for fear of demonising pakistani muslims . 
  one was called ` mark woolcock ' according to the article . 
  was this drawing done by the bbc though ? 
  if so , more propaganda . 
  they are all light brown in skin colour , you can till by looking at the actual pictures . 
  disgraceful on behalf of the bbc . 
  the home secretary , theresa may , blamed the failure of the authorities in rotherham on `` institutionalised political correctness '' , [ 10 ] and denis macshane , the former mp for rotherham during the period covered by the report , admitted that he had been `` guilty of doing too little '' to investigate the extent of the sex crimes being committed in his constituency . 
  [ 11 ] the home office official was told to not mention the perpetrators being pakistanis and she was ordered to attend a two-day ethnic diversity class a document from the rotherham safeguarding children board that reported the `` crimes had ` cultural characteristics ... which are locally sensitive in terms of diversity ' '' . 
  [ 27 ] - taken from the wikipedia page entitle ` rotherham child sexual exploitation scandal ' . 
  do n't ascribe to me what ` right-winger ' believe in . 
  these are the relevant facts . 
  it 's not just about generalising one group i think , but rather to shift negative attention away from muslims . 
  they instead describe the men as just asian . 
  it was probably translated from a non-english source . 
   complete with the one token white guy what do you mean by this ? 
  he was actually complicit in the rape . 
  language policing . 
  ` sex ' makes it sound as if it 's ` only ' ( for lack of a better word ) statutory rape . 
  they also call the men ` asians ' for the same reason , they 're apologists . 
  might as well call canadians americans , as i said in another comment . 
  the bbc ` sanitised ' the initial reports they did on this case , and did n't include the fact that the perpetrators were pakistani . 
  usually , a criminal 's race does n't matter , but in this case the police did n't investigate because they feared looking insensitive . 
  the bbc neglected to include this in the report . 
  even then they use the word ` asian ' . 
  might as well call canadians ` americans ' , they 're both just as correct . 
  the bbc are complicit in this regressive , islamic apologist behaviour . 
  ( the men only raped kuffars ) i originally linked the article , but it got removed as it was the daily mail . 
  the bbc ` sanitised ' the initial reports they did on this case , and did n't include the fact that the perpetrators were pakistani . 
  usually , a criminal 's race does n't matter , but in this case the police did n't investigate because they feared looking insensitive . 
  the bbc neglected to include this in the report . 
  even then they use the word ` asian ' . 
  might as well call canadians ` americans ' , they 're both just as correct . 
  the bbc are complicit in this regressive , islamic apologist behaviour . 
  ( the men only raped kuffars ) http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2735465/bbc-accused-sanitising-news-coverage-rotherham-child-abuse-asian-gangs-failing-refer-perpetrators-ethnicity.html, 
  if we 're bringing in undead cows , they could at least bring back the lynx into scotland . 
  what did serbia actually do to be associated with ` remove kebab ', 
  but - but they 're one of ours ...
