they will be kings in prison . 
  they will force other prisoners to convert to islam , before leading muslim prison gangs themselves . 
  then in five years they will be released and will rape more girls , this time the authorities will keep quiet about it though, 
  in fairness , ` trickle-down wealth ' only came along with reagan in the 80 's . 
  capitalist thinkers before that never argued that wealth trickled down , but that even the poorest of the poor in a capitalist country still have a decent amount of resources , `` more than 10,000 naked savages '' , as smith put it . 
  or just go to a neighbouring , wealthy country at peace ... 
  he is our paarthurnaxx, 
  similar laws here . 
  a man in ireland looked after four-year-old girl from her birth only to find out that she was n't his daughter , the mother only told him so that she would n't have to raise her on her own . 
  the same man was n't allowed to find out who her real father was , breach of child 's privacy , and what 's worse is that the mother is in her right to do so . 
  irish times is where i read it if you 're interested . 
  and indeed add butter and seasoning, 
  abd is arabic for slave , and abeed is an offensive term for black sin the middle east , quite like nigger . 
  how many has germany ? 
  give it some time . 
  yeah , they 're only sending administrative staff there for now . 
  it 's also not strictly european, 
  aww yes !, 
  clare and kerry , maybe galway ? 
  they 're the three nicest counties in ireland by natural looks . 
  where do you think you 'd go ? 
  i wonder where they will go ? 
  will they expand their existing office or go to the docklands ? 
  they do n't need to sensationalise stuff in that clip . 
  they actually gave a balanced view , even showing more civilised people willing to give an interview , and talked about how the atmosphere was nice until they were attacked . 
  where else in europe do thugs beat you , run you over and throw things at you in a public place , in broad daylight , such as this ? 
  places with just as much third world immigrants ? 
  so you agree with me that it is not safe ? 
  and no , you can put a camera crew in poor parts of many european countries and not get run over , beaten and have things thrown at you within minutes in a public square . 
  i could see this stuff happening in london or genoa in a dark alley , but in a public square with families and old people ? 
  the camera crew were being polite and friendly , interviewing people . 
  the policemen even said he would not be able to protect them if they walked into a public place . 
  disgraceful . 
  that 's not typical of a european country . 
  maybe in africa or asia . 
  well , stones were thrown at police here , so there you go . 
  i do find ` no-go zones ' a stupid phrase though . 
  what about stuff like this ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjzuzqwawwg rinkeby is clearly not safe , regardless of your personal anecdotes of it . 
  i get your point , but you ca n't compare the stuff that goes on in kensington , compton or detroit etc. 
  to this . 
  the usa is a bigger country and their violence is just extraordinary , even when you account for population . 
  what about shengen ? 
  i mean , not a lot of people get killed in terror attacks . 
  but in france , at a major city during a special holiday event , its not off the books . 
  i think its a reasonable concern . 
  even if youre not killed/harmed yourself , having an attack in the city your visiting is not pleasant . 
  hearing sirens , seeing the wreaths , or seeing it happen yourself is much more likely.there 's a rational reason to avoid going there . 
  whether terrorists like it or not . 
  whenever i read an article like this , i think about how crafty irish policy is on refugees . 
  rather than take them in ourselves , we ship them through the mediterranean to italy . 
  we 're still humanitarian , saving them from drowning , but * we 're * not looking after them . 
  and when we do take them in , we send them off to a tiny , isolated town so that if trouble is caused , it won '' t be too much trouble . 
  satiates the pushers for refugee care , but saves face for the state if a koln-type situation would happen . 
   sa have the hottest women , eastern europe and balkans tho ? 
  and it 's only for economic reasons mainly . 
  alcoholism might play into it and some empty ` it 's our country ! ', 
  sentiment , ( not that countries with high slavic immigrant populations like ireland or uk can complain too much ... ) it 's not because slavs bring a hostile and regressive doctrine . 
  of course i 'm making a generalisation here though . 
  nope . 
  that seems to really just be it according to google . 
  what do you mean by legal ? 
  but that 's bad for the hard-right ( cause most refugees would be let in probably ) and for the hard left ( cause thousands of documented,turned-away jihadists would prove opposition 's point ) and those 100 good people will likely sympathise with the bad egg if they are mistreated in any way . 
  look at many jihadists in europe , some of them are educated , but because they see what the us does in the middle east , they go fundamentalist . 
   it sure sounds like your actual motivation is othering a group of strangers in order to reinforce your own in-group social boundaries ( also known as racism ) no , that would be prejudice , just a form of bigotry , not racism in itself . 
  many people of different races and ethnicities follow islam , so you 're racial profiling if you ascribe the views of it to one race . 
  and something tells me if you saw a picture of u/harbo and the user was an arab or african called khalid al-rashid , you 'd probably suddenly think it not racist for him to criticise islam . 
  absolutely . 
  i do n't live in britian , but seeing the way of things , they are the ` new brits ' , to paraphrase natgeo, 
  do you mind if i ask how you feel about your family/relatives now ? 
  i could n't imagine a kid growing up in your position would be able to forgive anything, 
   do you honestly think regular police officers join the police to ignore crimes ? 
  do n't underestimate how evil/uncaring people can be . 
  i ca n't find it now , but on a wikipedia page about the rape gangs , there is an excerpt that says police found a drugged up 13 year old in a derelict house with a bunch of men one night and did n't arrest or investigate it , just drove her home and told the men to get on their way . 
  man , do you know of a sub like car mods but it has more classy stuff , like mulsannes or corniches ? 
  i ca n't find any like that, 
   / r/pics are mostly pics mixed with occasional trump pics more like vice versa this past week, 
  i know this has been done to death , but here 's what he would say anyway , being the orator that he is ` w-we 're gon na make britain great , really , the greatest , great for everybody ... and i think we 're going to be very proud and do a lot ... and when you just look at our countries ... ', 
  he is . 
  so maybe we can see cartoons of him more relevant to europe . 
  kkk-american new york - american statue of liberty ( american monument representing liberty , nothing to do with france in this comic ) asian publication ( in mainland istanbul ) no depiction of anything european ... 
  does it belong here ? 
  okay , consider this . 
  i want only stuff that 's either domestically european or that directly affects european foreign affairs on here . 
  for example , if a cartoon of trump in a kkk robe with german foreign admin trying to understand him while he blurts out shite ( that cartoon probably exists ) is posted here , it belongs here , it would directly relate to a comment merkel 's foreign ministery made and hence , it is relevant to european affairs . 
  i did n't realise that the publisher here was based in istanbul and not the rest of turkey , which is asian . 
  so no i dont think it should be removed . 
  but i am saying is that it 's important to keep this sub european and if i go onto a european sub and see exactly the same stuff as on american subs , then there needs to be a change . 
  no , and i did n't even say that this should be removed or censored . 
  i just said it 's not that related to european domestic affairs , and i would prefer for this sub not to turn into a duplicate ' trump oommg !!!, 
  we need to see him at all times , in every sub ! ', 
  i want this to be a sub with * domestic european affairs * . 
  maybe if trump , say , directly called a european leader and said something considerable it should belong here , but we should n't just complain about every foreign leader just because they inherently have a position that affects europe , i believe . 
  if it did n't fit my narrative , why would i reccommend loads of other subs it could be posted to ? 
  you 're using the classic trick of ` anyone who disagrees with me is blindly following a narrative ' ... hey , is n't that what the fellas on t_d do ? 
  there 's a reason for that . 
  maybe you still do n't agree with me , but why do you think we should allow stuff that 's not directly related to european foreign or domestic affairs ? 
  post a cartoon of trump talking to merkel , hollande or may , fine . 
  i do n't care if he 's drawn wearing a kkk robe and all then . 
  but this is not a european post .
