  i never reverted on that claim , read back through what i typed . 
   start visiting france before repeating blindly propaganda i have . 
  certainly did n't see a lot of no infidel / no women bars in french towns primarily consisting of people of french born / descent , however . 
  this problem seems to be in majority muslim ghettos . 
  might have changed policy afterwards , but fair point !, 
  i never said that , unless you live in sevran . 
  15 kids in one year take arms for isis and you do n't think that 's ` jihad-infested ' , as i said ? 
  that means there is most likely either a ) a growing muslim population in this area vulnerable to killing innocent people in the name of allah b ) an islamist sentiment that will most likely be held by future generations of muslim majority areas in france . 
  e : whoops spelling, 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/french-town-sevran-lost-15-boys-to-jihad-isil-syria-terrorism/ yeah , jihad infested . 
   it 's the same shit . 
  they found one random idiotic bar in a dungy corner and they declare it 's the same everywhere ... 
  i wonder how you would react if i made the same claim about a no-muslim bar found in alabama , or a neo-nazi bar found in idaho . 
  the fact that multiple ( as found by sources detailed in the article ) bars exist such as this shows that there is an effective demand for islamist bars , and there is a market for those muslims owning them . 
  you think it 's a coincidence they 're found in muslim majority ghettos ? 
  https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewj_7mtptv7qahwnjmakhxvmbmkqfggcmaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.reuters.com%2farticle%2fus-britain-eu-citi-iduskbn1380gy&amp;usg=afqjcnhjr3um_stgfoc0wd8cv8vakh3ksq that 's a lot of staff , i would n't just put it down to reducing office space in a rent-crisis city . 
  if that 's the case why not move to somewhere else in britain ? 
  ( sorry for the long link ), 
   1 \u00b0 ) they found like 1 backward bar and that become `` the nogo zones country '' once again . 
  you know i can probably make the same kind of `` reportage '' in some corners of ireland by mentionning catholicism well yeah , pubs flying the union jack and orange flags , armoured police vehicles in majority catholic ares are definitely a symptom of a deep divide between differing factions in ireland . 
  it 's the best it 's ever really been at situation-wise , but do n't tell me that jihad infested ghettos and men-only bars are n't a parallel to that . 
  only the article states otherwise , and backs it up with other sources . 
  citi group , japanese banks and lloyds might move . 
  this is what most people fear with regards to foreign muslims , i believe . 
  non-french enclaves with regressive social views sprouting around the country , maybe even the rest of europe , some day . 
  i feel that it has little to do with the fact that islam is an inherently foreign religion to france . 
  it 's the culture that surrounds it . 
  i mean , where would most people rather live ? 
  a traditional french city , where people are respected , or a ghetto where women and infidels are not served by businesses , shops etc. 
  that 's what 's at stake . 
  culture , maybe ? 
  ghettos in the u.s. actually have distinct gang culture , where gangs are viewed like small states in their own right , sort of like unionist / nationalist forces in the north of ireland . 
  you do n't really get that in white areas in the u.s. from what i know . 
  i 'd say only a populace with * the right * to bear arms . 
  it 's still an act of sovereignty if you choose not to buy them . 
  i think you 're projecting . 
  the ` room for improvement ' just sounds funny as it 's like something you 'd find on a child 's school report , rather than the anti-semitic attitudes of muslims . 
  the user gave no indication that they believed it . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't know , that 's just what it says in the article , from bruno la roux , interior minister . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  could french police have realistically stopped over 13 attacks since summer without this ? 
  it seems to be the only answer . 
  ( i realise i 'm giving in to authoritarianism , but this just irks me ), 
  what 's this ? 
  how do you think so ? 
  i 'm not going off of ` gut feelings ' , i genuinely think that foreigners who commit violent crimes should be deported . 
  i think the law should be changed to accommodate that . 
   where do you draw the line , at what point do human rights not apply ? 
  it 's not your right to claim welfare in a country that 's not of your origin if you are a threat to society there , or if you have already committed a crime . 
  by deporting him , perhaps to a prison in his country of origin , you are not denying him of his rights after what he did . 
  if you think so , tell me how . 
  is it not an abolition of human right to go to prison in the first place ? 
  why should this have to be an ` exception ' ? 
  he should be deported , he 's a danger to society and children . 
  taxpayer 's money should n't go to his life in welfare . 
  i think it 's an abuse of human rights to let allow child rapists to claim welfare in a country they are not from or work in . 
  tell me why he should not be deported , and has the right to welfare in a country he does not work in . 
   they 're afraid of their culture dying out problem is , where exactly is the line in this ? 
  would the dutch be happy if their culture/values were still upheld fifty years from now , but only by asians , africans etc ? 
  not really . 
  i take it that tobacco companies have just moved to china/africa . 
  that decision affects every other person in the euro zone and reflects the e.u. 
  's irresponsibility . 
  would n't be surprised if the euro were abandoned twenty years from now . 
  he 's not exactly anti-immigrant though . 
  he 's not complaining about belgians or french moving in ( although there is n't that much of an influx ) he gives out about north-african muslims , mainly . 
  trump and ... boris ? 
  johnson did n't do anything serious this year . 
  i think most people 's problem with greece is that they were introduced into the euro-zone . 
  are you allowed to smoke in private clubs ? 
  i think if people want to set up smoking clubs it should be their right , provided they own the building and there 's no great fire hazard . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq0-3fqib2g this will explain it . 
  ` do n't hate the player , hate the game ' . 
  we need to remove government privilege in banking and investment by revoking limited liability / separate legal entity . 
  only then are we going to see positive change , not by more fines and regulation . 
  this is addressing refugees , however . 
  the men that lived in calais camps , now in jaures and stalingrad paris metro stations , are clearly african migrants , not syrian refugees . 
  in general , they tend to stay in the first safe country they got to , i believe , and so are actually in need of help . 
  edit : jaures , not ` joules ', 
  you think eventually it will be islamist v. secularist ? 
  if so , when and where ? 
   you can also highlight the part you want quote and then click on the reply button , it will add the sign and highlighted text you want to quote automatically . 
  tired and tested, 
  democracy would be the only way of preventing that , though . 
  i do n't care if a party is left , right , anti/pro immigration , i 'm not going to vote for them if they are anti-democratic in anyway . 
  that 's what seperates the west from islamic government . 
  grand thanks a lot, 
  how do you use that quote thing you did there , what keys do you use ? 
  i 'd argue that the * lack * of democracy should be the main worry . 
  british and german governments have been getting more authoritarian and apathetic of their people 's wishes for a while now , it seems . 
  if people 's wishes for less immigration had n't been ignored , this would n't be a problem . 
  ming 's at it again !, 
  they could move outside the eu , to the next tax haven , re-unification or not i 'd say . 
  that will never happen though , will it ? 
  if we do n't effectively subsidise intel/aplle etc. 
  for being here , they 'll simply move away . 
  20 % more income tax and thousands dying in sectarian killings would be a disaster , which is exactly what would happen in a 32 county republic . 
  brexit will be bad for ireland , though . 
  the u.k. was a net contributor and so ireland will have to pay a higher subscription fee to the e.u.
