  unfortunately , this is also at the cost of european freedom . 
  france has stopped 13 terror attacks since the implementation of the state of emergency but police are able to frisk you on the street or search your house without a warrant . 
  tourism is dropping in france , and even around landmarks such as the eiffel tower there 's armed soldiers patrolling constantly . 
  no , it 's * killing * entire groups . 
  i meant big towns/small cities, 
  to the regressive left , only non-whites have been set back . 
  even the gaels are supposedly privileged . 
  according to wikipedia , only half of places like leicester and bradford are white-british . 
  edit : i 'm not ` complaining ' about this , it just gives you an idea of how much immigration there is in britain, 
  ... wo n't go quietly, 
  i know , but there 's a pic of it . 
  this ad is a dramatisation , i meant . 
  you could have just posted a picture of them playing a bit of footie , rather than a fictional advertisement . 
  yeah , i 'll add the / s thing, 
  i was being sarcastic , this is a common reply you get if you suggest cutting off aid to poor countries . 
   why the eu has not started economic sanctions and withdrawn all development support . 
  you 're not a big , bad racist ... are you ? 
  / s edit : sarcasm, 
   marginalise muslims within these societies . 
  as these muslims get marginalised , in theory , they become easier to radicalise and use as pawns in the muslim terrorist ` movement ' . 
  i mean , if a certain populace is supposedly so easy to radicalise and set about killing off the west as we know it , maybe we should separate ourselves from them . 
  but yeah , i get the ` do i not destroy my enemies when i make them my friends ' sentiment . 
  you can also see the article in german show that claims he committed sex offences . 
  at tagspiegel, 
  hopefully you also speak german , because the english translation is not coherent , but it gets at it here . 
   the evening was registered in germany under two similar names and two closely related birth dates , but should in any case be born in 1993 . 
  naved . 
  for example , the police had been known with several alias names , which , however , were due to transcription problems , according to berlin officials . 
  in addition , the man was known as a possible sexual offender - against him was determined for sexual harassment . 
  whether this took place in berlin or about cologne , was not yet clear on tuesday morning . 
  he stated different nationalities . 
  he was said to have been an afghan once , and another time he spoke of a pakistani nationality . 
  edit : coherent not cohesive , lord, 
  ah , yes , how could you mistake a name such as ` mohamed ' for not being french . 
  the clue is that instead of yelling ` allahu akbar ' , he yelled ` do what thou wilst ! ', 
   in ireland we were told that all success is private and all failure is public . 
  thats why we bailed out private banks with public money is it ? 
  that practice was seen all over the world , not just in ireland . 
  do you think the reasoning is the same all over ? 
   none of the 500 british muslims interviewed believed that homosexual acts were morally acceptable . 
  woah , i know i 've been harking on some muslims for not being progressive enough , but that really is shocking . 
  link ? 
  i find that surprising . 
  really ? 
  what would they do exactly ? 
  right , i thought you were trying to make the claim that i was unreasonably singling out muslims when closer to home things are worse . 
  ` situation wise ' , the sectarianism is n't too bad , not a whole lot of murder up there anymore . 
  '' well yeah , pubs flying the union jack and orange flags , armoured police vehicles in majority catholic ares are definitely a symptom of a deep divide between differing factions in ireland . '', 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i made the opposite claim , that there is a divide . 
  i 'm not pushing a ` europeans are divine , it 's only foreigners that are animus ' sentiment here . 
  but there clearly is a problem of regressive values from muslims at large . 
  to what degree is this problem present in european muslims ? 
  i do n't know , maybe it 's not even that bad , it could easily be a bunch of righties jumping on the bandwagon , it 's their prerogative . 
  but do n't attribute to me your ideas of what an islamophobe , racist etc. 
  believes in because i 'm not one . 
  western media is known to have covered up stories that put muslims/foreigners in a negative light , however . 
  the comment you found is still idiotic however . 
   regressive views does n't necessarily lead to crime or violent behaviour . 
  violent behaviour is n't the only thing at stake here . 
  it 's regressive social views . 
  yes , no community is monolith , but there just seems to be a problem with islamism among depraved , muslim societies in europe . 
  i 'm judging them on their views and opinions , not just their race . 
  do you think these problems of aggressive beliefs would prevail in , say , a hindu community ? 
  or a buddhist one ? 
   i thought no-go zones are whole neighborhoods and districts , not individual pubs and clubs yeah , i guess now i realise that evidence of that is pretty weak . 
  i ca n't really find good sources for ambulances needing police escorts , even in the supposedly mad areas of malmo or stockholm . 
  however , i 'm still not completely dismissive of the idea , as western media is know to have covered up stuff that puts foreigners , especially muslims , in a negative light . 
  okay , i have taken that on board . 
  why is there * such * a high correlation though between muslim populations and this behaviour ? 
  what about this documentary , which shows middle class , 2nd or 3rd generation muslim immigrants with regressive views ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm i know it 's filmed in germany , but it is still a parallel . 
  those guests could be influenced by a larger , intolerant culture . 
  i see tonnes of women in pubs around , here . 
  even on a match day it 's still 50/50, 
  okay , i ' take back what i otherwise said regarding that . 
  but consider this . 
  is it a coincidence that two muslim women , who claim there 's a problem with misogyny , are turned away from a bar they claim has a ` no women ' admittance policy by just another customer ? 
  is there not a possibility that there 's a larger culture that influenced this man ? 
   in hungary dive bars in the rural countryside regularly limit admissions by using '' '' `` guest lists '' '' '' , for which you qualify by not being a gypsy . 
  so i suppose those are no-go zones as well . 
  they certainly are . 
  or did you want me to reply with ` dayum immgintz ' ? 
  just because i criticise muslims for misogyny does n't mean that i 'm a raving nazi . 
  then why do n't you realise why i have a problem with this ? 
  answer the question ... you 're not some sort of racist , are you ? 
  they 're both equal cultures that need to be respected . 
  you should have no problem living in either . 
  then why did these two muslim women bother to raise the problem of discrimination in the first place , if there 's no problem ? 
  and what are the chances that there 's no problem whatsoever , and they just happened to come across this misogynist while filming a piece on discrimination against women in a majority muslim area ? 
  talk to / u/whitepalms85, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfrqi78zi4o http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/victoria/paramedics-warned-off-1200-locations-across-victoria-amid-safety-fears/news-story/e7fa8e7005eacd8985eaa776c3be8671 i 'm aware that broad claims of ` no go zones ' are a bit of a hoax , but still , there 's some truth to them . 
  only a disaffected area would pull off stuff like this . 
  and western media is known to have covered up stories that paint foreigners , especially foreign muslims , in a negative light . 
  still , do you deny that kids signing up to fight for isil is maybe a cause of concern in a majority muslim area ? 
  maybe it 's due to a larger islamist sentiment ? 
  so you 're saying citi 's move is temporary , before moving back to london after arranging for a new lease ? 
  as a layman , it seems costly to move to another country and back , rather than plan out a new lease in advance , right ? 
   no go zones hosting jihadi country '' where did i say this ? 
  i think you may be projecting , i was referring to a * known * jihad hot-spot area when i used the term ` jihad-infested ' .
