  what could civil war look like i wonder ? 
  it 's also important to realise that sharia law courts and clerics in sharia pose as a more legitimate justice system , divine rather than man made . 
  a dangerous notion i think . 
  i know , but i think us news should only be posted here if it does affect us , or at least have europe mentioned in the damn post . 
  i can see trump featuring a lot in here , but i only want him to if it 's relevant, 
  it 's mad to think that if the wall is built , it will be another american monument and possibly give trump a stronger legacy than obama . 
  no , you can find that on r/pics r/politicalhumor or r/enoughtrumpspam r/politics not here, 
   only things that go on in europe belong here ? 
  yes , that 's what i want the sub to be , with as little american stuff as possible . 
  if i come on to r/europe and see posts exactly the same as what i see on r/pics , r/politics or r/politicalhumor ( all exclusively american oriented ) then i think there has been a corruption of the subs content . 
  this post is not european to me . 
  nothing about this particular cartoon is ` european ' , only the publisher . 
  as for the other one , it was also centred on the usa , not europe . 
  i get that it 's a german publication , but would you still think it appropriate to post here if it was about bangladesh politics ? 
  i mean , its not european , but they 're in the commonwealth , so it affects us , right ? 
  r/europe is heading into us politics , and needs to stop, 
  ... no , we ca n't with the same freedom in some places . 
  even a small ` draw the prophet ' competition in the usa was the target of jihadists . 
  of course , denmark and france have had similar problems . 
  any journalist who , say , uploaded a cartoon of the prophet they made does so at threat of death . 
  they did ? 
  the left is a general term . 
  but many who were sympathetic to muslims thought hebdo were asking for trouble or wrong to publish the cartoons . 
  better for him to stay alive so we can gauge what happened exactly, 
  germany is a federalist country , so in this case ` states ' could mean the municipalities/provinces with their own governance in germany , maybe . 
  source for it going on for decades ? 
  his name will be khalid , mohamed or rashid , or something of the like . 
  not peter , olle or lucas . 
  what 's more , one of his sons will probably run in the future , too , i bet . 
  it is a fact , and you 're being uncivil . 
  britain will most definitely leave , and parliament wo n't obstruct it . 
  it does n't take a judge to work that out . 
  how is that not a fact ? 
   because it is about satisfying a personal desire to inflict violence/death on another human being . 
  whatever the reason behind such a desire , that is nonetheless an evil desire . 
  if you want to protect yourself from a mugging or rape or whatever and satisfy your desire to inflict pain on the assailant , is that evil ? 
  no matter what the reason right ? 
  why is vengeance for legitimate crimes an ugly morality though ? 
  like i said , if every person given a torture or death penalty was actually guilty , you still would hardly think it moral justice . 
  why is that ? 
   yes , that is how a civilised society operates . 
  and what if it turns out the person was actually innocent ? 
  i 'm against vigilante killings/justice in general , but that 's a poor argument against the death penalty in my opinion . 
  why should we punish anyone in the event of them being innocent ? 
  should we get rid of prison/punishment altogether , after all it 's possible they could be innocent . 
  that 's not a fault of death penalties per se , it 's a fault of the courts if they ca n't accurately determine the innocence of the accused . 
  i imagine if hypothetically , all people given the death penalty were guilty , you would have no problem with that , right ? 
  and whether you like it or not , vengeance is actually deemed an appropriate , moral redress for many . 
  do you have a source on your info for the group ? 
  that sounds ominous to say the least, 
  the picture here is of the old central bank building , the new one is a lot swankier . 
  source ? 
  this is why you ca n't have nice things , serbia !, 
  piss, 
  more self determination and separation would prevent this , right ? 
  the alternative is like leaving cats and dogs together . 
  what peskov meant is that it 's not ` appropriate ' for there to be anti-aggression pacts or alliances with countries that should aim for peace between each other in the modern era . 
  he did n't mean that it was a harmless or insignificant organisation . 
  edit : i 'm just re-iterating what he said in a more understandable way , do n't know why i 'm getting downvotes . 
  wind turbines , they do n't make flour with them !, 
  would n't it be the other way round ? 
  25 % of black males is still fairly low for a winning candidate . 
  the overwhelming majority did n't vote trump . 
  organised begging has been a problem for a while now . 
  i do n't think people should generalise romanis , but yeah , in ireland , britain , portugal i 've all seen them arguing about their cut or switching ` territory ' . 
   there is not a single european country with an open borders policy . 
  being physically present does n't give any guarantee on continued residence . 
  germany ? 
  and yeah , it kinda does . 
  anus amri is one example of that . 
  regardless of whether they have it in their own hands , we rely on immigration rather than a ` home-grown ' labour force . 
  either that or we all age and die off . 
  there are thousands of migrants crossing the med that are n't syrian , many are from north africa . . 
  well , irish emigration to the us was usually due to immediate problems that they needed to escape from . 
  the current trend in europe of low birth rates among native europeans and high influxes of migrants is not attributable to one problem , and hence we can assume it will continue for long time . 
  ( such as it were in ireland with the famine , economic wars with britain etc. ), 
  what 's more racist is you assuming any dislike of african culture is because they 're black . 
  i know , but for now it 's an objective fact . 
  japan has had a stagnated economy since their protectionist and anti-immigrant policies in the eighties . 
  well , it 's formerly communist/ussr so it did have a pretty poor economy to begin with . 
  you can expect to see growth regardless of immigration rates unless they 're too drastic . . 
  already capitalist countries need immigrants to sustain the current economic growth . 
  bulgaria has a birth rate of 1.5 children per woman , quite a bit below that of the replacement rate of 2.1 . 
  it also has a low rate of immigrants and is not a preferable destination for non-european-migrants , who would prefer western/central europe . 
  ( according to my googling ) . 
  other countries in europe are still growing , despite similar birth rates to bulgaria , such as france , britain , ireland etc. 
  they have to depend on immigrants for this growth , right ? 
  it 's either accept immigrants or die . 
  we do rely on them . 
  yeah , no matter what your standpoint is on culture/nationalism etc. , europe heavily relies on immigration . 
  no birthrate in europe is at the replacement rate . 
  europe relies heavily on immigration . 
  i wonder if there 's going to eventually be a tiny minority of ethnic europeans in europe in 200 years or so , sort of like native americans in north america now . 
  you ca n't look at the numbers and say otherwise . 
  ` if you have n't read the article ' i 'm saying its funny that people do n't read them , just comment . 
  israel is not as bad as the nazis . 
  you insult the history of brutal atrocities committed by the nazis on innocent people by saying that . 
  i get what you mean , but the nazis were n't badass . 
  using an army to kill people weaker than you out of fear is fairly cowardly . 
  i like how you have to suffix that lol .
