  and its those chemicals that were introduced in 90 's , but i might be wrong . 
  kusturica , unless he does n't identify as serb this week . 
  probably because it was mostly serbian militias doing majority of ethnic cleansing . 
  heh , you did uk already, 
  hold on , i thought the current method was in use since late 90 's, 
  can anyone explain the case of hungary ? 
  how are ` dangerous ' ideas hindered and under-represented in western democracies then ? 
  how is the censorship increasing ? 
  the idea is that if you are complaining about repression of ideas you clearly misunderstand the concept . 
  the amount of freedom of expression americans enjoy is unmatched , even in europe . 
  come on , no-one died and we are calling it pogrom because it sounds catchy ? 
  things may be headed that way but for now omon did intervene ... 
  you put the blame on people for ` not wanting to hear things ' . 
  they heard you but they disagree with you . 
  there is a reason extreme opinions are fringe opinions . 
  do n't kid yourself , its not like more people would agree with you if only they listened to what you have to say . 
  i love it when people from first world democracies think they know what political and media suppression looks like . 
  and that they think they and their ideas are repressed or under-represented . 
  the sole fact that you were able to write the sentence above means you are n't . 
  except it often works . 
  the idea is that president is a purely representative office . 
  cerny , probably the only politically-engaged artist i can stomach edit : how could i forget , [ l.o.v.e. 
  by maurizio cattelan , 2010 ] ( http://cdnl.complex.com/mp/620/400/80/0/bb/1/ffffff/8b848022c4e6ac1537829cf035f32467/images_/assets/channel_images/art/2013/01/the-50-most-iconic-artworks-of-the-past-five-years/cattelanlove_435755.jpg ) . 
  its in front of italian stock exchange . 
  at least bravery is alive and well . 
  nah its not , you can even order it over the internet . 
  cartridge is where they draw the line , at least in poland . 
  anything that uses separate propellant and bullet is considered ammunition and controlled . 
  i 've seen it , and its reliable as long as you use industrial grade printer . 
  problem is most people used their 500 $ printers and guns were unpredictable or downright dangerous, 
  so let me get this straight , i need to download a gun , get a 3d printer to make it , buy bullets illigally from sr and pray the whole thing doesnt explode in my hand ? 
  at this point im pretty sure i 'd go for flintlock if i wanted to shoot someone , sounds easier and is actually legal, 
  i thought that you need to have a license to buy bullets . 
  thanks . 
  so someone did a fair amount of lobbying and eu forced these laws on canada . 
  why would they do it that way , would n't it be easier to influence lawmakers in canada directly ? 
  or does canada have strict anti-lobby laws ? 
  what did eu do exactly when they signed the treaty with canada ? 
  or between trieste and stettin , in which case slovenia is behind it . 
   poland is the biggest recipient of eu funds per capita , and those are mostly spent on its lacking infrastructure ( mostly highways/motorways ) which is what is now preventing the country from going into the same crisis present in neighboring czech republic or other eastern european countries . 
  source on that ? 
  im looking at data showing something else , with poland at 1880 euros and few countries ahead of it , for example estonia at eur 2600 . 
  gdr was the wealthiest country behind iron curtain , along with czechoslovakia . 
   is it illegal ? 
  not even close to it . 
  ill ask you next time i need advice on polish law . 
  it is illegal to erect monuments without permission . 
  there used to be taco bell in warsaw but it shut down pretty fast . 
  should n't irish monarchy end in 1198 ? 
  thing is , they did n't have to hurry all that much . 
  ` coronet ' part of operation downfall ( tokyo bay landings ) was scheduled to start no earlier than march 1946 , assuming ` majestic ' begins in november 1945 and no further delays occur . 
  soviets have already transferred a very sizeable force from europe and by august were rolling through manchuria . 
  germany . 
  its very hard to put into words , but when you 're there you can almost feel this incredible driving force behind everything , from how a railway station operates to their museums and art galleries . 
  its almost as if people apply themselves on a level unmatched anywhere else . 
  and incredible art , i love german 20th century art , from bauhaus to richter . 
  its not like you cant build them . 
  remember , you carry troops on large civilian vessels and only unload them into boats for the last few kilometres of journey . 
  russians already did amphibious landings at kerch in 1942 . 
   never and i mean never go to / r/rogonewild top -  all time : [ top 5 all time posts ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jwdz6 ) 10/10, 
  in 1945 japanese navy was virtually non-existent , safe for few old carriers and crusiers , none of which could be fuelled . 
  if you look at the map , its a stone throw from manchuria to japan , well within range of medium planes . 
  and if you invade mainland from sakhalin the distance you need to actually cross is about 40 kilometers . 
  besides , soviets had a small navy . 
  japan knew soviets would invade since potsdam declaration on july 27 , 10 days before hiroshima . 
  only afterwards , on 9th of august first serious cabinet meeting took place where possibility of surrender was discussed . 
  ultimately , they decided to wait and see weather the threats of second nuclear strike were real or was the device used in hiroshima the sole available bomb at that point . 
  japan surrendered only after they realized americans have more than one bomb , and after they threatened to drop one every week until japan surrenders . 
  if it were n't for hiroshima and nagasaki , you 'd have a completely devastated country , at least dozen million people dead ( more if soviets would invade mainland after taking manchuria ) and quite possibly north japan/south japan split along demarcation line . 
  also the war would drag on to around late 1946 . 
  edit : what facts were debunked ? 
  that they refused to surrender after hiroshima ? 
  that downfall was given a go-ahead in coming months ? 
  only a handful of people in us government and military knew about nuclear weapons , so in 1945 preparations for seaborne invasion ( operation downfall ) were pretty advanced . 
  if it were to proceed , it would be the largest amphibious operation in human history . 
  because of how japanese prepared for ground defence - arming population , including women and children , with whatever was available , including matchlocks and sharpened bamboo sticks - unwillingness to surrender and the nature of terrain , it would mean incredibly high casualties . 
  estimates vary , although most are in range of between 1,5 and 4 million allied casualties and between five and ten million japanese casualties , including civilians . 
  every single purple heart order awarded after wwii , that 's including korea , vietnam , and two gulf wars comes from the batch made in 1945 in anticipation of casualties on unseen before scale , and there is still large portion in stock . 
  and before you ask if two had to be dropped - japan , like most countries had its own nuclear weapons program . 
  the problem was noone knew how it would look like . 
  american intelligence anticipated that japanese scientists would n't believe hiroshima was indeed a nuclear event , and that 's exactly what happened . 
  the japanese believed that this was either a very large conventional bomb , or that the americans had only a single device on-hand and it would take months before next one is ready . 
  only after nagasaki hirohito caved in and surrendered . 
  lasers do n't have that much range . 
  particles in beam do n't run parallel , just in very tight cone . 
  you are talking distances of 500 kilometres or much more with a layer of atmosphere on top of that . 
  there were prototypes of [ airborne lasers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_yal-1 ) , but its very impractical . 
   the killing of german pows or the nuclear bombings please do n't put these on the same level . 
  you mean a laser beam weapon or a laser guided weapon ? 
  edit : let me clarify . 
  you can guide things by pointing a strong laser on them . 
  the bomb/missile has a seeker that follows the red dot , this is the most common way of guiding air-ground munitions . 
  as to the hypothetical lasers used as weapons , you just point them at the target , there is no guidance cause there is no travel time . 
  you just need to point them accurately and possibly compensate for warm air cause light follows fastest , not shortest route . 
  as you said , it would take an economic crisis much more severe than the current one for it to happen , but yes , i can see it happening under such circumstances . 
  not now , perhaps 10-15 years from now . 
  its an extreme case of ` what-if ' though . 
  you aim with gps only on jdam and waterskimming/cruise missles, 
  whats that got to do with gps, 
  civilian gps had accuracy of 100 meters before 2001 .
