yes , and thankfully opinion polls are less important than decisions by elected government . 
  try using [ google ultron ] ( http://ultronbrowser.info/ ) , it can bypass these blockades . 
  come on now , literature prize is really reliable , its just that winners often arent the most popular writers . 
   these goldman sachs/rotschild appointed technocrats of the e.u that never had a job in the real world look like they are shitting their pants when a true man comes in . 
  putin is a boss , one of the few leaders that makes a good difference in this world , russia can be proud . too good, 
  and geography apparently . 
  sudety mountains best mountains . 
  ` notable population of ukrainians in poland ' is around 0,1 % population , at least in 2012 . 
  while it is true that poland owes part of its modernisation to russia , prussia and austro-hungary , abolishing of serfdom being the best example , you cant really put 1815 constitution as an example here , as poland had its own constitution dating back few years before the final partition . 
  besides , 1815 constitution was forced upon russia after congress of vienna , never really respected and thrown into the garbage bin at the first opportunity . 
  the only issue i have with contemporary art is that it got so hermetic that it became impossible for someone who is n't really into it to enjoy or even understand . 
  every now and then art world will do something that 's supposed to bring it to the wider audience ( like ` gallery weekends ' with 15 different vernissages at the same time ) but in the end its the same crowd attending them as ever . 
  i actually wondered that as well a while back http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_most-produced_aircraft, 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/mig21operators.png current operators in blue . 
  sounds like a perfect name for britbongland 's capital . 
  yes you are , its not like they are buying whole armoured divisions . 
  they need really basic stuff . 
  how is it eu money ? 
  wealthiest parts of poland are actually the ones that were part of prussia but retained their polish population since the partitions back in 18th century . 
  west pomerania had its population re-settled from lithuania and belarus after 1945 . 
  nice meme friend, 
  they 've been rolling armoured vehicles through area for couple past weeks . 
  izraelita perhaps ? 
  nope , jews and israel are two different words . 
  only their own collection though . 
  all rotating exhibitions are expensive as hell . 
  yes it is , although they pledged to up their spending to mandatory 2 % of gdp ( estonia already does it ) . 
  as for the planes , they do n't need them since any potential airfield would be so close to the border that their airforce would be grounded on day 1 . 
  nato polices their airspace . 
  soviet union spent almost a quarter of its gdp on military back in 1989 , jeez, 
  between 2000 and 3000 euros , about 20 % more in some more expensive areas . 
  ` cinnamon shops ' ( also published as [ ` the street of crocodiles ' ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/244261.the_street_of_crocodiles ) ) is a collection of short stories by bruno schulz and probably my favourite polish novel . 
  they all revolve around small merchant family from galicia during interwar period . 
  i know it is , but english uses polish names instead . 
  its just inconsequential . 
  the kicker here is that khmer rouge were allied with north vietnam during vietnamese war , and china 's support to khmer rouge extended post mao 's death . 
  whats even weirder is that the person that was likely behind invasion of vietnam is then vice-prime minister of china , deng xiaoping , who during maoist cultural revolution was sent off for re-education to northern china to live in caves . 
  and just couple years later , he intervenes in attempt to save maoist regime . 
  i guess it really does n't matter weather the cat is black or white . 
  why is poznan not posen then ? 
  and sino-vietnamese war of 1979 , which lasted 3 weeks and is one of the most bizarre wars ever . 
  communist vietnam invaded communist cambodia to end the bloody khmer rouge regime backed by communist china . 
  in response , china invaded vietnam claiming the vietnamise invasion is a proxy war by communist soviet union , waged to extend its influence into indochina . 
  outnumbered 3 to 1 vietcong still managed to halt chinese troops . 
  after 3 weeks both sides proclaimed victory and war ended . 
  which country ? 
   never heard ` elektrolux ' one might depend on what region you live in . 
  elektrolux - vacuum cleaner junkers - water heater adidasy - running shoes, 
  except then you create a union within union , which could lead to frustration in countries outside the core . 
  i 'm not saying there should n't be closer integration within eurozone , just pointing out doing it may prompt countries that have yet to adopt common currency to eventually drift away from eu ( yes , i know that all countries except uk are supposed to eventually adopt euro ) . 
  its the brand of the top-selling model , not top brand . 
  one popular model is enough . 
   however if kremlin will implement foreign drugs embargo ( in mid-october ? ), 
  wow is this a thing ? 
  what about all the people with on-going treatments that rely on steady flow of drugs , can russia manufacture substitutes ? 
  cause its b & w , these are n't re-colourizations . 
  i actually work right next to where pic 4 was taken , its always so weird looking at these photos and recognizing places you visit every day, 
  world war russian germany, 
  did i miss something ? 
  i 'm serious here , have there been war crimes committed against ukrainian pow 's ( aside from the time they marched them around ) ? 
  exactly . 
  now these russians are less likely to take live pow 's or accept surrender of troops . 
  i 've seen come and see and i consider it to be probably the best movie i 've ever seen , although i do n't want to watch it ever again . 
  i know russia/ussr had its share of great filmmaking , i really like ` the dawns here are quiet ' , ` burnt by the sun ' and ` the return ' . 
  you make it sound as if having spd government would make things different . 
  from what i remember from schroeder 's times , its actually the other way around . 
  also , remember steinmeyer isnt from cdu . 
  what about goldeneye ? 
   do they still show movies from before 1990 in russian cinemas ? 
  that 's actually pretty backward . 
  you dont have those ? 
  smaller cinemas show really old movies all the time here ... 
  rocky 4 ? 
  this is too good . 
  fyi half of my family is jewish . 
  yeah , 40 will ruin a lot of clothes , cheap-ish jeans included . 
  also make sure you do n't iron them or hang them to dry in the sun ( at least turn them inside out if you really have to ) . 
  i would n't know , i only buy 510 's . 
  are you sure you are n't washing them above 30c ? 
  you ungrateful dipshit , after all that happened you received an equivalent on 15 billion 2014 dollars and yet you have the audacity to say something like this ? 
  [ did someone say uniqlo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mfacirclejerk/ ) in all fairness , uniqlo and topman dont fall apart after a single wash , unlike h&m . i still prefer pull & bear though . 
  til , i was always 100 % certainn all 3 systems sit on geo . 
  thanks . 
  these are rockets , you cant predict what exactly will happen . 
  americans have problems with launches as well , for example 2 years ago several satellites launched by spacex failed to reach proper orbit ( and that 's one example off the top of my head ) . 
  the thing about industrial design in eastern block ( especially from 60 's ) is that even though they were really beautiful , very few made it into production . 
  there even were cases where items were deemed ` too good-looking ' and their designs discarded as being bourgeois . 
  ~ ~ if they do n't get into geostationary , they 're useless though . 
  unless they can use on-board stationkeeping propelant to boost it higher up , but that would reduce their lifespan ... ~ ~ edit : nvm in retarded, 
  i constantly buy old design light bulbs as ` decoration ' cause newer ones look like shit . 
  they even have ` not for use while plugged in ' written on them, 
   sadly the government did what he was told . 
  polish government was one of the main advocates of the invasion . 
  i 'm pretty sure i know where this is . 
  the buildings on fabryczna get used as film shooting location a lot cause of the view from the top floors , and i remember the church . 
  is this grunwald ? 
  twinings lady grey , pilsner urquell . 
   israel and palestine , malaysian airlines , crimea and stuff . 
  how are these connected exactly  the conspiracy theorists are jumping up and down with claims and shit . 
  they always are .
