  they should n't have frankensteined it after the war . 
  i hate these modern reconstructions of historical buildings , it looks almost the same , but something always feels off about them . 
  its like standing next to a wax figure . 
  hes leaving cut grass behind , all that moisture is going to ruin the lawn . 
  there were instances where whole german villages migrated to parts of poland pillaged by war and famine . 
   i think that `` feminism '' is really outdated why is that ? 
  afghanistan is nowhere near middle east . 
  not in eastern propaganda . 
  they were west-german nazis though . 
  ~ ~ usa ~ ~ american redditors have always had this inferiority complex toward ~ ~ europe ~ ~ scandinavia . 
  [ god dammit netherlands ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/dutchenglishfalsefriend.png ), 
   deutsche bahn is still owned to 100 % by the federation . 
  thats the whole point . 
  one of the main reason behind privatisation ( at least in poland ) is the belief that its impossible for state-owned company to operate efficiently . 
  because deutsche bahn is so terrible and british railways privatization worked out so well , right ? 
  they march because they want same rights as straight people . 
  if your tolerance is conditional then its no tolerance at all , its like saying ' i do n't mind black people as long as they do n't act black ' . 
  i was thinking more about east asia , for example korea . 
  many wealthy asian countries are extremely racist , how would you explain that ? 
  sure , i 'm just saying things are not always as obvious and straightforward as people want them to . 
  education does n't have to equal tolerance . 
  you forgot to mention lockheed bribed officials in germany , italy , netherlands and japan to win the contract for fighter jets during 60 's . 
  edit : they did not crash because of technical problems , they crashed because of the way they were designed . 
  it was very unforgiving for inexperienced pilots . 
  i merely pointed out that collectivisation is usually against the law . 
  there is a stark difference between compassion and respect for the law above else . 
   probably, 
  and i 'm glad the law does not make the distinction between people you have respect for and those you despise . 
  another name for ` brutality of the state ' is ` law ' . 
  again , who decides what is ` used ' and what is n't ? 
  what if i decide you are n't using your stuff and just take it ? 
  by the right to property i 'd imagine . 
  if we take something from a landlord , what 's stopping me from taking your stuff as well ? 
  i 'm sure the guy whom they took the land from agrees that its an utopia . 
  potatoes turned out to be horsemeat . 
  i 've read this as rabbis and was extremely confused by the comments . 
  got any particular countries in mind ? 
  is this for tomorrow 's homework ? 
  sure , gentrification is never 100 % , but this is one of the worst examples of it ive ever experienced . 
  the decision to open up another front in europe was agreed upon in 1943 in tehran when the war was far from over . 
  kreuzberg , its a hive of 30-year olds paying 500 euros for 30m ^ 2 flats . 
  that neighborhood has been gentrified to hell , its like the williamsburg of europe, 
   the book was shown to first-graders at an elementary school in the berlin neighborhood of kreuzberg . 
  that actually explains a lot . 
  on this week 's episode of ` reddit or stormfront ' :  churchill forced ww2 on germany, 
  i love it how redditors automatically assume it has to be srs . 
  as if it was the only place where people point out the circlejerking around here . 
  its the largest group in the parliament , so i 'd imagine a few . 
  social science grades make my coffee lol etc. 
  holy shit , bud/budweiser trade war just got warm !, 
  shhh , stop breaking the circlejerk !, 
  [ melt !, 
  festival ] ( http://www.meltfestival.de/en.html ), 
  if you did n't know about it yet , the futurological congress is getting a film adaptation this year , made by ari folman , the director behind ` waltz with bashir ' . 
  i really enjoyed `` hundred days '' by lukas b\u00e4rfuss . 
  made me realize how little i knew about swiss involvement in post-belgian rwanda . 
  at least try reading the most important part , the final one . 
  perfect example of stream of consciousness narration . 
  rest of the book is pretty overrated in my opinion ( finnegans wake and dubliners are much better ) but the ending is nothing short of amazing . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of his other works , but stanislaw lem 's `` solaris '' is one of the very few sci-fi books i 'd recommend to someone who does n't normally read this kind of literature . 
  that being said , i 've heard he does n't really translate well into other languages . 
  dorota maslowska 's `` the queen 's peacock '' and `` a couple of poor , polish-speaking romanians '' are probably my favourite contemporary polish novels , a surprisingly readable postmodernist literature . 
  deleted comment linked to a completely different sub . 
  its not a repost , that was different sub . 
  merkel is the only living german most poles recognize . 
  of course uwazam rze is going to be butthurt over that series . 
  they see themselves as spiritual successors to nd , conservative nationalistic pre-war party . 
  was there an anti-semitic sentiment among ak ? 
  yes , because there was a large anti-semitic sentiment in pre-war poland , largely thanks to nd . 
   i meant tasteful modifications really , anything other than stock parts usually looks bad . 
  just leave it as it is , there is a reason car companies have designers . 
  tuned cars , the definition of automobile kitsch, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ara_general_belgrano ` controversy over the sinking ' part . 
  i always wished they 'd build a 1:1 replica of belgrano , put her on board and torpedo it . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bstwaogxy_q ), 
  swedes burnt my castle in 1657 . 
  sweden , pay your debts !, 
  i love it how these articles about femen somehow always contain slideshows . 
  its linkbait and legit news , all in one !, 
   what , i wonder , would be the reaction if a hungarian who had no english , who had never visited the country , were to write an editorial savaging the united kingdom for not being a real democracy as it has no proper constitution im pretty sure thats the case with north korea , belarus and dozen other countries . 
  there is a set of criteria you can use to judge country . 
   the focus of this turbulence is the current prime minister , viktor orb\u00e1n . 
  he won the last election so did lukashenko . 
   there 's been a lot of noise about antisemitism and anti-roma sentiment in hungary . 
  yes , there 's prejudice and poverty in hungary as there is in every country . 
  it 's funny how no one outside of hungary was concerned about these matters three years ago , when the former communists were in power , and there was just as many hook-nosed caricatures knocking about and roma being stabbed . 
  again , criteria . 
  there 's this wonderful thing called statistics we can use to judge weather racism and hate crime are on the rise . 
   changes to the constitution have provoked a furore . 
  are they good changes ? 
  ask two constitutional lawyers in a room a question , you 'll get three different opinions . 
  two people disagree about something , therefore any discussion or criticism is invalid . 
   hungary has a system of parliamentary sovereignty , just like ours here in britain , and if citizens do n't like the changes , well , they can vote for the opposition and change things back . 
  sure , but in the meantime laws that restrict freedom of press are in effect . 
   just as democracy does n't guarantee justice , happiness , peace or affluence , having a democrat in charge does n't guarantee efficiency or good sense whoa , you might want to reconcider what you just said . 
  i cant believe this is really guardian . 
   aaaand tagged `` potentially srs '' oh boy !, 
  do i need to wear a pink armband now ? 
  freezed peach is way older than srs and reddit . 
   no link to srs in your comment history , but that 's probably because they like to keep their main account separate from their srs account .
