  they are a major export market for eu and supplier of strategic resources . 
  russia has shown in recent years that it wont hesitate to embargo imports from selected countries or outright stop gas exports , so i 'd say they are very relevant economically , at least for eu . 
  you also need russia 's support in diplomatic dealings with certain countries . 
  and while armchair generals love to downplay their millitary 's strength it deserves a lot more credit than people give it , especially in the past 5 years . 
  finally , i 've been waiting for this . 
  any word on doe 's stand on this though ? 
  i was under the impression that they are yet to give a go-ahead for exports from gulf of mexico installations . 
  theoreticly it 's against the law although in reality they do n't go after such people almost at all . 
  you see high-schoolers in che guevara shirts all the time . 
  you are oversimplifying things . 
  what makes you so sure they would n't be even worse off without these investments ? 
  besides , think about the leap these countries have made between 1980 's and 2000 's . 
  sure , right now things might not be perfect but people tend to forget how poor some countries used to be just 30 years ago . 
  its not like they will ever become net contributors either , cause they will most likely never catch up with wealthiest countries , and neither will eastern europe . 
  calm down everyone , they wont go to jail . 
  the paragraph is very wide and covers everything related with nazism and communism . 
  the three-year sentence is reserved for extreme cases such as distributing materials openly exhorting nazism , holding rallies with nazi symbols , annexing austria , etc. 
  worst case scenario they get fined . 
  what will most likely happen is charges will get dropped due to low social harmfulness . 
  i do n't understand your problem with cohesion funds being spent on infrastructure , its an important factor in attracting investments . 
  besides , its not like they are building roads on top of older roads , some eastern countries have really sparse infrastructure . 
   we asphyxiated ourselves and committed a series of muggings with the autistic teenager responsible for 93 % of crime in france my sides, 
  go somewhere that is n't kreuzberg then . 
  i 'm so glad higgs lived long enough to see the discoveries at cern and finally got recognition for his work, 
  yeah honestly its nothing to write home about , it is traditional and very popular though, 
  you live in 1948 berlin ? 
  nah , they randomly ban eu exports when they are n't happy with particular country . 
  there was a ban on polish meat that lasted two years . 
  [ ros\u00f3\u0142 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/broth.jpg ) , a soup based on vegetables and chicken , served with boiled carrot , noodles and fresh parsley . 
  nah , there 's a lot of bands from germany and france that are well-known nowadays . 
  its true that you dont hear much music from other countries though , with the exception of occasional norwegian or swedish musician . 
  i would n't pay to much attention to this , he is known for making this kind of statements . 
  yes ? 
  i 'm sure every souvenir store owner in us greatly contributed to civilian casualties , if that 's what you 're referring to . 
  its kind of like me cheering for gulfstream every time germany is flooded . 
  jesus have some empathy dude, 
  people are n't getting paid and some might lose their jobs , its hilarious !, 
  there are hardly any feral dogs over here . 
  i have n't seen one my entire life and i used to spend summers in a small village . 
  solidarity was a trade union only in name , more of a political movement really, 
  foxes and squirrels , that 's what they always told us when i was a kid . 
  poland has no decent trade union tradition . 
  workers do n't organize into unions almost at all . 
  ive heard its really painful shot to the stomach , is it true ? 
  might ? 
  i wish i earned 1000 euro/month ... 
  mir was de-orbited over 10 years ago , iss is the new one, 
   `` soyuz '' spaceship delivered 2 cosmonauts and nasa astronaut to mir station i love this typo, 
  if it were , she 'd lose the election . 
  since it apparently had no impact on the results , its a non-issue . 
  it changes nothing foreign relation-wise , despite reddit 's outrage pretty much everyone involved in diplomacy and national security knew about it or at least strongly suspected it . 
  oh god , im having crazy frog flashbacks, 
  yes you do , rest of eu is n't ditching nuclear power . 
  i always thought rus = kievian rus , so it has more to do with ukraine and belarus than russia . 
  im not sure how alcohol is contributing to deaths bellow the age of 40 , i think it has more to do with shorter lifespan . 
  besides , it has always been like this , so why the sudden decrease of fertility rates ? 
  yea it is the other way around http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/albedo-e_hg.svg, 
  its a list of tallest peaks of every continent . 
  two versions of it exist , mount blanc is on neither of those so i have no idea why would anyone consider it the tallest mountain in europe . 
  `` my left leg is left-wing , my right leg is right-wing . 
  im in between my legs . '', 
  its more complicated than this . 
  you have part of poland that used to be germany for hundreds of years , and people living there have been re-settled from eastern poland after 45 ' , like lower silesia and masuria . 
  there is also portion of poland that 's been part of prussia between 1792 and 1918 , such as greater poland , kashubia and parts of upper silesia , which has retained its population since then . 
  and the rest that has never been part of germany or prussia . 
  so in relation to germany you really have three distinct parts of poland . 
  every country gets the gandhi it deserves, 
  mount blanc isnt even part of seven summits ... 
  not really , ever since europe 's border moved way back in 18th century , it was elbrus . 
  even germans sent a mountaineer group to climb it during ww2 . 
   they might not have a ` poland ' they can fall back on and neither will germany , since population structure is about the same . 
  right now its about lower costs . 
   nobody actually cares about religion or atheism in europe , especially in politics in poland i 'd argue it plays a more significant role than in usa . 
  ive heard it mentioned few times but i still wonder , is cdu + greens a posibility at all ? 
  i hope they dont . 
  cdu + spd would be a disaster to everyone involved . 
  edit : jinxed it, 
   a cameraman tried to steal 26 bottles of w\u00f3dka and 63 pieces of cutlery from a wedding . 
  he was a bit drunk . 
  it 's unclear why he was n't murdered on the spot . 
  you forgot the cherry on the top , he tried to steal a toilet freshener too, 
  so is yours and every other european country . 
  there is nothing unusual about it . 
  thats not urbanisation, 
  shrinking cities as a consequence of urbanisation ? 
  its a dark , extremely neurotic satire with a cult status . 
  for someone who lives in poland , its brilliant . 
  however , i do n't think the humour or the dialogues would translate well into other languages . 
  for what its worth , for me it is the movie about poland , its just so accurate . 
  thank you , it bothered me for 4 years and until now , nobody was able to give me an answer as to what these cables are . 
  * * prawo i pi\u0119\u015b\u0107 * ( 1964 ) is one of my favourites . 
  its essentially a western , although its set at the end of ww2 . 
  polish officials movie into a completly empty town taken away from germans to prepare it for settlers . 
  turns out they are there to steal german artwork . 
  one man stands up to them . 
  as a bonus , holoubek plays the leading role , he is one of most-acclaimed actors of his generation . 
  * * knife in the water * ( 1962 ) , the film that got roman polanski the attention of hollywood . 
  i highly reccomend this if you like his later movies , this one is superb . 
  * * the decalogue * ( 1988 ) - kie\u015blowski 's magnum opus , 10 shorts ; each based on one of the ten commandments . 
  [ imdb score ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092337/ ) says it all , in my opinion the best polish movie .
