  i miss khmer rouge ... 
  implying they did n't freak out when german got elected, 
  not really , he sold the papacy to gregory vi . 
  also , he was the pope three times . 
  edit : and gregory xii was more or less forced to resign after schism ended . 
  celestine was the only one to resign on his own accord . 
  celestine v , 1294 was the only case . 
  couple years ago i used to work as a pizza delivery guy . 
  it was pretty random , we 'd get tipped half of the time , usually around 10 % of the order . 
  sometimes a company would order 20 pizzas and give no tip at all , other time some people would tip 100 % of the bill . 
  i did my math at the end of each day , we got about 4-6 % tip on average . 
  cause that 's what i thought , but i found the book that i based those claims on and turns out its from 1978 , which means it probably does n't include any filters whatsoever . 
  after a bit of research though , modern filters still release radon gas , which means they release more radiation than nuclear ones . 
  the amounts are so tiny though that this discussion is completely moot . 
  such amount would still be measurable . 
  read what i wrote 8 messages above :  no , you can release the radioactivity itself , while the ash stays inside . 
  the amount is diminutive though . 
  because it contains around 100 ppm thorium and plutonium isotopes . 
  the ash deposited within the filter . 
  radiation . 
  alpha and beta are obviously blocked out , but you 'd still release gamma , unless the filters themselves are shielded . 
  no , you can release the radioactivity itself , while the ash stays inside . 
  the amount is diminutive though . 
  this is awesome , but it does n't explain the diagram . 
  what do these groups represent ? 
  what does the scale in upper-right corner stand for ? 
  and , since they trace who passed the story to whom , where did it originate ? 
  i never said they release radioactive material , they release radioactivity . 
  that 's why no one cares about it , and rightfully so . 
   that the problem with the nuclear power fan boys on reddit . 
  they compare future nuclear plants with half-century old nuclear power plants that sit in some us states with almost no environmental standards . 
  i 'd never use radioactive emission as an argument against coal power . 
  even if it was n't filtered , you 'd get more radiation from eating a couple of bananas . 
  [ this is correct ] ( http://www.renewablesinternational.net/germany-remains-net-power-exporter/150/537/33303/ ) , dont know why you got the downvotes . 
  pollution emissions dont take secondary radioactive realeases into accout . 
  im not saying they should or not , its just that germany is now releasing more radioactivity into the enviroment than it did before you shut down nuclear plants . 
  its not like anyone is being forced to join eu, 
  depends on what you 're looking for . 
  uniqlo , topman or even j.crew , you wont find these in poland . 
  sorry i forgot to include the chart . 
  what i meant was , the data is from 2009 . 
  since then , food prices in poland grew by about 30 % , with many months having year-to-year increases of 10 % . 
  cant find spreadsheet or even article in english , here 's camparison of [ average bread prices ] ( http://www.prognostic.pl/documents/28487/58192/%c5%bcywno%c5%9b%c4%87-chleb.jpg?t=1344869233314 ) though . 
  also , personal experience is not a great source of data for comparison , but as someone who lived in barlin for half a year , i 'd sometimes go to groceries that belonged to the same company as the ones in poland , and i 'd find exact same products to have same prices . 
  i even calculated how much i 'm spending on food every month , it was a very similar amount . 
  as for the second part of what you said , that is much more worrying , that 's true . 
  the only reason why manufacturing was outsourced from western europe to the east was the cheap workforce and decent infrastructure , and with one of those things gone , there will be no incentive for companies to invest in poland . 
  majority of polish exports are goods manufactured by western companies . 
  looking at that chart , we are around 10 % above germany in terms of food prices , and i know electronics and clothing are on par . 
  wages are four times smaller . 
  prices of things like petroleum or electricity are tied to internal policies rather than currency , although i can imagine a slight bump in these should we join eurozone . 
  all these wont go over germany 's level , and we 're so close to it nowdays that a wages increase of 10 % would negate it , at least on domestic level . 
   also , the prices will rise . 
  this . 
  a very common misconception is that when wages are low , prices stay down , on semi-adequate level . 
  that 's not the case . 
  living in a poor country , you pay the same price for clothes , food , electronics , cars , fuel etc , you just ca n't afford nearly as much . 
  hell , in some cases things are more expensive . 
  its even worthwhile for me to hop in a car and drive 250 km to berlin to buy clothes , not to mention the fact that we do n't have half the brands they do . 
   it will also cause wage differences to become smaller and make poland less competitive . 
  do n't you hate it when your wages go up ? 
  i miss the days when poles used to earn 50 $ / month ... 
   all the pre war stuff is history and newspapers should stop bringing it up . 
  they mention it cause poles use history as an argument in politics all the time . 
  you have any numbers to back that up ? 
  also , what makes you so think that 's correlated to euro in any way ? 
  how do you know that ? 
  what makes you so sure they 'd be better off without euro ? 
   not sure what concaine is worth but 36 kg should be a lot of money right ? 
  depends on where you live . 
  over here its around 50 euros per gram , so 36 kilos would be 1,8 mil euro . 
  if it was in their warehouse , it was probably still uncut , which means you can at least quadruple its value . 
  in all fairness , rt is one of the best handled pr machines in history . 
  at least yours looks decent . 
  did it turn into a slum ? 
  funnily enough , there 's a big chance solpol is gon na get included into monument registry , as a prime example of early-90 's architecture . 
  except thats not brutalism . 
  what you have here is some weird mix of late post-brutalism and beginnings of post-modernism , thats why it looks a bit off . 
  proper brutalism from van der rohe era is beautiful in its geometry and simplicity , see [ pic1 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/royal_national_theatre_london_southbankcentre02.jpg ) and [ 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:barcosummerrear.jpg ) . 
  please , you guys got nothing on poland . 
  polish architecture of the past 25 years is the ugliest , most chaotic , mismatched , eclectic and kitschy thing i 've ever seen . 
  dumping my [ ugly polish architecture album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zly5e ) , enjoy . 
  yeah , except modernist architecture has been turned into ghettos in us and subsequently blamed for lowering housing standards . 
  pruitt igoe was n't the problem , management and urbanization cycles were the real issue . 
  without kids ? 
  in poland ?!, 
  like some sort of homosexuals or something ... 
  torrent it, 
  and lt. gruber !, 
  it all makes sense now . 
  am i the only one who 's actually interested in superbowl ? 
  there will be no next space race , at least not in the form we know it . 
  why ? 
  / u/lucretius made a brilliant comment about it today :   the united states and the soviet union defined the world 's first space race , but following south korea 's successful orbital rocket launch this week , it appears asia -- particularly north asia -- is the world 's new epicenter for space rivalries in the 21st century . 
   i found this statement really quite quaint . 
  for years , there have been three kinds of space advocates . 
  we can name them by their founders/champions . 
  the sagans see space as a playground for science and only for science . 
  they see a manned program at best as a diversion of funds that could be much better used to deploy more unmanned missions . 
  and at worst they see anything like settlements and colonization as dangerous because it might contaminate the pristine space environment they want to study .
