  you 're thinking about podkarpacie . 
  also , the stereotype in greater poland is that asia starts east of konin . 
  we never ` had the chance ' . 
  or are you implying we are better at rape and pillage that mongols ? 
  no , not at this level . 
  money gets laundered at invite-only auctions of relatively unknown artists . 
  if you hear some academy of fine arts student sold his painting for 200k to an undisclosed buyer , that might be it . 
  add germany - gerhard richter - [ abstraktes bild [ 567 ] ( 1984 ) ] ( https://www.gerhard-richter.com/en/art/paintings/abstracts/abstracts-19801984-29/abstract-painting-6593/?p=1 ) to that, 
  what 's really surprising is here is romania , it has a very vibrant contemporary art scene and yet nothing above 200k was sold . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they are sorted by country of origin of the painting itself , not the gallery representing them , nationality of buyer or place where sale took place . 
  [ apocalypse now , ` moscow ' cinema in warsaw , 1981 martial law . 
  ] ( http://culture.pl/sites/default/files/images/culture.pl/czas_apokalipsy_poziom_1981.jpg ), 
  i 'm not sure how famous it is in germany , but prior to 1989 the information about the event was suppressed as it did n't fit the narrative . 
  later on it became quite well known , they even put a monument there to commemorate it 15 years ago . 
  empire and chrysler are streamline , not art deco . 
  art deco is modernism dumbed down for middle-class . 
  i always thought this is a meme , not an actual thing people do . 
  how does it even work ? 
  do people drive their own scooters to the store or can you borrow them ? 
  is it free ? 
  how do they avoid tipping over , that person is literally spilling to the sides, 
  no , that was the world 's most famous electrician , but noone treats him seriously since 1994, 
   i reorganized the countries of europe to give it a new refreshing layout and prevent tense international conflicts and such you failed , balkans are still near each other, 
  if they print the receipt , the transaction gets logged into the cash register . 
  cash register has something called ` one-time programming memory ' with unique number , so once the transaction is in , it stays there and gets printed and logged at the end of the day . 
  the restaurant cant dodge vat and income taxes . 
  if they dont print the receipt , the transaction goes completely under the table , is never reported and taxes are never paid . 
  i 'm not even surprised . 
  they captured some mig-21 's a while ago but they waited with training their own pilots until mig-21 dcs module was released . 
  middle eastern europe, 
  is everything a trianon memorial these days ? 
  historians , my bad . 
  [ link ] ( http://wyborcza.pl/alehistoria/1,144825,17920093,nedza_przedwojennej_warszawy.html ) to the article , its behind paywall so use incognito . 
  it appears very often in correspondence from non-warsawians visiting the city between the wars . 
  general consensus , both by foreigners and by people from other polish cities seems to be it looked ` russian ' . 
  anthropologists in museum of warsaw have tons of such letters . 
  there is a myth that warsaw used to be beautiful - it was n't . 
  before the war it used to be called the europe 's ugliest capital . 
  100 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e52imae-3as ), 
  yeah its greece , same way switzerland is ch . 
  not really . 
  there also are far-leftish groups associated with greens or krytyka polityczna , mostly in warsaw . 
  im not saying greens or kp are far-left , its just some people . 
  when it comes down to politicians , i guess you could concider people like ikonowicz or erbel as extreme-left , but they arent that well known . 
  so france sold nuclear tech to both israel and countries hostile to israel ? 
  this is hillarious, 
  i thought you guys made your own stuff in cooperation with south africa, 
  right up there with mountain jew sdif 's, 
  thank you france for having the best literature this continent has to offer . 
  also , riesling from alsace is way better than the german ones . 
  thank you germany for your artists and art galleries , the most professional and pleasant ones to work with . 
  thank you for your philosophers , your industrial design which revolutionized ( and continues to impact ) how our everyday appliances look and your architecture which defined modernity . 
  if you play it backwards , its actually about single-member district constituency . 
  mac here , can confirm am peasant, 
  the most famous representative of artepolo . 
  never understood why people love him so much . 
   i think it 's pretty sick that the danish murder healthy giraffes ` for children 's education ' link to the story ? 
  cities arent decaying because of depopulation ( with few exceptions ) , they are decaying because people are moving to places within 50km , but they still work in those cities . 
  its a process that has happened in most countries in europe , ours is just delayed . 
  so you basically want sterilized , well-eductated slaves ? 
  helicopters are unrelated , thers an fsb extended collegium meeting at lubyanka , it was scheduled weeks ago . 
  fsb is having an extented collegium meeting , which includes millitary staff and president ( he wont be attending though ) , hence the millitary and fsb traffic landing at lubyanka . 
  the meeting was planned weeks ago . 
  the detroit of the east, 
  come on , vast majority of equipment countries like germany use is made in europe, 
  i think its [ those ] ( http://www.bramy-przemyslowe.com.pl/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/rolety_zewnetrzne_21.jpg ) things , no idea how you call them in english, 
  its larger than two countries in europe, 
  sometimes a border is defined by river , and rivers change their paths from time to time . 
  50 years from now this will be a daily repost in r/historyporn, 
  i like them , this is the closest they came to decent looking commieblocks . 
  i cant wait for the inevitable thermoisolation painted in green and yellow to ruin it, 
  muran\u00f3w and mdm look great , its the 60 's districts that look like shit, 
  its one of the most annoying and widespread historical myths out there http://www.strangenotions.com/gods-philosophers/, 
  they dont illegaly pimp the trucks to 100km/h , the trick is to lock in cruise control while going downhill , which is why you see those retarded 100km/h vs 102km/h overtakes . 
  these are old plates from opole , one of the most affected cities . 
  they actually blew up some of the levees protecting the suburbs like the one in the pic to prevent the old town from being flooded, 
  the thing is we agreed to give up part of our sovereignty when we voted ( in referendum ) to join the eu . 
  i guess we all thought its all banana regulation laws and cohesion funds . 
  well at least you arent being russofobic, 
  i thought its detente , not entente, 
  i 'm pretty sure every powerplant with steam turbines has cooling towers . 
  its probably coal . 
  i work in culture . 
  warsaw is the cultural capital , trust me . 
  between 2010 and 2013 there was a mass migration from other cities of both people and institutions , nowadays majority is warsaw-based . 
  even big institutions located outside of warsaw are seen and function as ` outskirts ' , with few odd exceptions ( ms \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , bwa tarn\u00f3w , nst krak\u00f3w ) . 
  pozna\u0144 is deserted , krak\u00f3w is a rustic museum . 
  poland is too small to support multiple cultural centers . 
   liechtenstein its no longer spelled lichtensztajn ? 
  prussian partition uses it , greater poland , kaszuby , kujawy , lubuskie etc. 
  huh ? 
  what about egipt and yom kippur ? 
  or war between iran and iraq ? 
  or naval actions during six-day war ? 
  ill throw in my 3 favourites too : - ` austerlitz ' , w.g. 
  sebald - ` the magic mountain ' , thomas mann - ` the part and the whole ' , w. heisenberg, 
  visit during autumn/winter , you can cut the smog with a knife . 
  got any data on that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure majority of population has been living there for generations, 
  but that still does n't explain why greater poland votes exactly the same as , say , lower silesia,
