  they didnt go extinct , they integrated into teutonic order extremly fast , of course after conversion to christianity, 
  these are n't ` civilian-killer weapons ' , they have a place and purpose . 
  is a knife a civilian-killer weapon when someone gets stabbed on the street ? 
  we know , but they did n't sign the convention , so they are free to use it . 
  its not like they 're using chemical weapons out there, 
  yeah , people keep saying that , but its not based in reality , i think its because of how destroyed it was during the war , a myth of ` prewar warsaw ' arose . 
  if you actually go to museum of warsaw , they have people digging through correspondence of people who visited warsaw between the wars , and the picture is not pretty . 
  the city was extremely dirty , people from western poland compared it to cities in russia , widespread poverty , beggars on streets etc. 
  slovenian poet even described it as ` the ugliest european capital ' . 
  whenever you 're shown pics of prewar warsaw , its either mokotow , \u017boliborz or area around nowy \u015awiat . 
  yeah , those were the richest parts of city , but the rest of city was apparently foul and smelled bad , with jewsish quater ( nowadays muran\u00f3w ) apparenly ugliest . 
  sure , you can attribute that to bad russian empire laws which caused many buildings ( even in city centre ) to be built without toilets in each apartment etc , or russian partition mentality , but dont call it beautifull just because it looks nice on a postcard, 
  ` they must have made a mistake ', 
  immigrationist theory ? 
  dont be so quick to dismiss kennan . 
  his ` long telegram ' from moscow in 1946 is a really good analysis of soviet foreign policy during that time and how it was intertwined with internal policy . 
  it suggested a revision of us foreign policy and was essential in establishing containment doctrine . 
  another milestone was his ` the sources of soviet conduct ' published anonymously in foreign affairs few years later ( so called ' x article ' ) which openly used terms such as ` cold war ' and was a basis of truman 's doctrine post 1947 which was not at all detached from reality , especially if you consider how many politicians at that point did not understand the nuances of the post-wwii reality which led to many disasters ( like george c. marshall in china ) . 
  yeah , its easy to be smug on reddit and comment on someone 's relation to reality based on a single article , but kennan was actually one of the few people who realized what was going on very quickly . 
  and yes , his stint was half-year long , but that is because he became a persona non grata after his harsh comments on soviet union . 
  sure , its possible , but so far two separate investigations have ruled it out . 
  you only need pillars for tall structures or wet/sandy soil . 
  go in one of these commie block 's basement , and you 're looking at its foundation . 
  this one apparently has a very shallow foundation which is ok , as long as the soil is dry and rocky and no-one decides to build a metro system anywhere within 1000 meters or so from it . 
  it also does n't have a basement . 
   all detachable magazines above 10 rounds ( also for handguns , repeating-firearms , rimfires etc. ), 
  this is the most important part , if it passes its really big, 
  i didnt mind the beaches , at least the ones near the port ( dolphin beach , or something like that ) but the newer ones down south were terrible . 
  actually whole arcadia part of town was cancerous , loved area in the centre though . 
  went to odessa last summer , best vacation ive had in years . 
  it depends on what you 're into , but i 'd reccomend it over any other european city ive been to . 
  sadly i think its starting to suffer from same syndrome as poland and vast majority of new things are awful , so it might end up really ugly in a decade or two, 
  pi\u0142sudski staged a millitary coup in 1926 and generally had little regard for the rule of law, 
  its loaned so they have to give it back in 2 years or so . 
  that thing is wood covered in canvas and they borrowed it so they literally have to give the building back . 
  it was n't this ugly before they painted it too, 
  poland uses pretty much the same . 
  we have 6 + 3 + 3 model , although there 's been talk about going back to 8 + 4 , as the second 3-year stage has been a failure . 
  how 's it in germany ? 
  so , who won the pizza ? 
  romania couldnt make up its mind 1859-1867 . 
  also , love the fact they included [ this one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/romania_flag_1989_revolution.svg ) , remember seeing it on tv as a small kid . 
  school buses overtake me . 
   `` some people can get so depressed that they want to die , and killing their own child is a type of extended suicide , with the intention of taking their life with your own , '' karin monsen-b\u00f6rjesson , psychiatrist and expert on postpartum depression at the karolinska university hospital , told the local . 
    she explained that the condition has been linked to a number of infant murders . 
  do you even read articles you link ? 
  also , how is this relevant to this subreddit in any way ? 
  not really , unless yours is even worse than ours . 
  especially the universities have been getting more and more shitty past couple of years . 
  well , according to recent findings , the shale gas estimates were way off . 
  they were based on a study conducted in 1980 's where someone misplaced a zero in one of the crucial values . 
  it 's very possible that there is as little shale gas in poland as in other countries . 
  or ` the funniest accent ' for that matter, 
  last question might be biased . 
  i was referring to the most extreme case of meth and heroin since he made no distinction which drugs he 'd legalize and which not . 
  by less harmful drugs i meant mdma and lsd . 
   so you want drugs to be illegal but you do n't want people to suffer any consequences for their drug use ? 
  correct . 
  selling them would still be illegal , as it should be , because they are hazardous . 
  however , treating drug addicts as criminals is wrong and does n't achieve anything . 
  they should be treated as sick people , and given help accordingly . 
  and it is of no relevance that i do n't know any drug addicts . 
  i do n't have to be a pregnant woman to have a stance on abortion or convicted criminal to have an opinion on death penalty . 
  i do know friends of mine who used amphetamine really extensively , although i do n't know if i 'd call them addicts . 
  i also knew people who smoked weed on daily basis for years , i 've seen how they changed over time and how they always denied it had any effect on them . 
   absolutely . 
  stop victimizing people with addiction problems and ruining their lives . 
  portugal stopping jailing their drug addicts and it is producing great results so far . 
  there is a difference between legalization and decriminalization of drugs . 
  just because i 'm against legalizing drug use does n't mean i support war on drugs , quite the opposite . 
   i doubt you even know or have ever known a single drug addict . 
  way to make the argument ad hominem . 
   do n't try to shift the burden of proof . 
  the burden lies on the prohibitionist , and their side has been steadily losing for years now . 
  i 'm not trying to . 
  i just do n't like being asked questions that indicate the correct answer . 
   of course we should . 
  they never should have been made illegal in the first place . 
  really ? 
  you 'd legalize heroin and crystal meth ? 
  because , at some point , it was deemed dangerous , just like any other drug . 
  since then , the research has been inconclusive - some tests show it to be completely harmless , while others indicate quite the opposite . 
  as such , the question is which studies do you believe , and which ones you discard , for it is impossible for two contradictory statements to be true . 
  it is also an issue of drawing the arbitrary line between ` not completely safe , but legal anyway ' and ` too dangerous to use ' . 
  where do we place the border ? 
  why make weed legal , and keep less socially accepted , yet less harmful drugs illegal ? 
  post 's title implies legalization is a positive thing . 
  the question is , why should we legalize it ? 
  and if we do , should n't we legalize other drugs that are less harmful as well ? 
  depends . 
  elderly people are almost universally religious , and the younger the group , the less religious it is . 
  that being said , there are more religious young people in poland than in most european countries . 
  what 's funny though , is that being religious in poland is often reduced to fa\u00e7ade of rituals and church attendance , and does n't really translate to any moral codex or day-to-day behaviour . 
  the conservatism is n't associated with religion as well , there are people who consider themselves atheist and yet are more conservative when it comes to social issues than your average christian-democrat voter in western countries . 
   btw this is mostly about hungary but my polish friends told me same things . 
  pole here , as much as i hate to admit it , this is how it 's like over here as well . 
   most dialog in polish politics is around unimportant issues like ( ... ) allow abortion or not i would n't say thats an unimportant issue . 
  there is no ` v ' in polish , so it always looks really weird . 
  the problem with brutalist ( and to lesser extent modernist ) buildings is the state they are in and the fact that people generally associate them with communism . 
  katowice 's old railway station was extremely dirty and unkempt prior to the decision to demolish it .
