   can someone give me a timeline on what could happen in the foreseeable future ? 
  you want people to predict future and give you a timeline ? 
  lithuanian rye bread on sourdough . 
  and pumpernickel . 
  i thought the person who ` invented ' it picked up ingredients from soldiers in british occupation zone . 
  it even has worcestershire sauce in it, 
  i think western europe owes a great deal of things to us and its infuriating whenever you guys start whining about their influence . 
  following the declaration , serbian chief of staff was arrested in czech sanatorium cause he missed the train that was supposed to carry him back to serbia . 
  franz josef thought it was not chivalrous to do such a thing and ordered his release and safe passage to serbia . 
  so , how did that whole ` victims of nazism ' monument thing end up like ? 
  the one with gadafi is pretty good if you catch the context, 
  this needs to become a eu sanctions copypasta, 
   prussia  does n't actually contain a single part of original prussia, 
   one of the ships have been paid in full . 
  i \u00b4 m not sure what the consequences of refusing to deliver would entail . 
  actually this is exactly how ottoman empire entered war alongside central powers in 1914 , right ? 
  nah , its perfectly fine as long as an academic field that is n't always quantifiable regulates itself . 
  there is no other way to do it , by using same principle you can deny psychiatrists same status . 
  no proof at all , i use taxis a lot and many drivers from different corporations told me the same story . 
  also , i cant remember the distinction between different kinds of taxis , but some are and some are n't allowed to use bus lanes . 
  ecocar is n't . 
   the mass murder of passengers & crew of malaysia airlines flight 17 using russian 's weapons and ( most likely ) by hands of russian military squad exposed to the world that russia is now complicit in committing crimes against humanity . 
  this is way exaggerated . 
  its not like they shot it down on purpose . 
  also , saying russian personnel was involved is speculation . 
  ecocar company from pic 44 claims its not a taxi company to dodge some taxes and regulations . 
  instead , they are a security company that has drivers that escort you wherever you want . 
  there 's also a company that does ` car therapy ' , instead of a taxi driver , the guy is a ` therapist ' who drives you wherever you want and this somehow helps you . 
  in order to register their business they even hired a psychologist to do a ` study ' that proved car therapy works . 
  berlin wall is kill no, 
  i thought this was bulgarian ? 
  canada , the empire of evil . 
  us turkey , france , uk , greece , poland and estonia do ( or at least did at some point during the past 2 years ), 
  you post on / int / . 
  shhh , dont ruin the conspiracy theory, 
  the fact that more poles served in wehrmacht than in all allied forces combines , although it was n't usually voluntary . 
  you do n't start a war with 3 tanks . 
  come and see . 
  [ dudududdududu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynr6yi_d4he ), 
   french and their resistance which actually is a myth created after the war so that french could cope with their defeat . 
  french resistance was substantially smaller and less effective than partisan groups in yugoslavia or around the area of today 's belarus . 
  these buildings are beautiful . 
  this is how you nail down modernism . 
  thats not how elections work . 
  source ? 
  at this point , i 'm pretty sure he has high-functioning aspergers . 
  they already have nuclear weapons deployed in europe , they 've had for years . 
  this is really moderate and did n't cause any controversy or make women 's rights activists go nuts . 
  thanks . 
  every time i see those , i feel like i 'm living in kazakhstan or nigeria . 
  brazilian boobs campaign ? 
  yes , up to a point where they would n't renovate their houses for many years . 
  thats because , unlike gdansk and wroclaw , people moved there from the eastern-most part of 1939 poland were generally poorer and less educated . 
  there was no major town in that part of poland . 
  that region was always under-invested because germany did n't recognize the border until 1970 's . 
  is this the one we 're downvoting ? 
  not really popular . 
  ukrainian maids are cheaper and more effective . 
  69 % in greece , what 's up with that ? 
  by that way of thinking , many center-european countries were literally hitler in 1930 's , they did all the things you listed, 
  i thought that 's more of an / int / thing, 
  i highly doubt it . 
  what is it exactly , cause if you mean rd-180 , its not really military equipment . 
  they do n't run standard nato gear cause everything that was n't bought after 1990 is soviet-made . 
  the only nato country buying russian equipment is greece . 
  greece is one of the few nations that still buys russian gear . 
  they bought bmp-3 's a while back . 
  edit : nato nations . 
  if the trend continues , 114 % of all irish people will be obese by 2040 . 
  esa is not designing a manned spacecraft . 
  if they were to start now , it would cost billions and take 10 years . 
  meanwhile , dragon manned version will fly in the next 18 months . 
  you dont see them bragging about it though . 
  krak\u00f3w has a fucking sign informing that you just entered a royal city . 
   royal, 
  22 horsepower but since some retard put the engine in the back , it had to be air cooled and blower fan stole 3hp . 
  at 19 horsepower you had to downshift to 2nd gear while going uphill . 
  [ luckly it wasnt fast enough to tip over to the side ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/6d/90/da/z14323821q,na-dachu--malucha--przewozilismy-nasze-bagaze--tor.jpg ), 
  what 5omeguy wrote , plus decision what color to use is often made by the guys painting the building with no consideration of the surroundings . 
  after 1989 everyone everyone was tired of shades of grey so they rebounded by using as bright colors as possible . 
  it cant be recent , buildings are n't painted in eyefuck-magenta, 
  our low wages is whats driving our growth and competitiveness so they are being kept somewhat artificially low . 
  they do n't match our gdp , but if they did , we would n't be able to attract foreign investment driving exports down , increasing deficit significantly . 
  bear in mind that national review , while respectable , is really conservative . 
  [ * forward and forget !, 
  * ] ( http://www.amazon.de/vorw%c3%a4rts-vergessen-komplizen-gef%c3%a4hrliche-sed-diktatur/dp/3871346233 ) by uwe m\u00fcller and grit hartmann , it deals with decomunisation of ddr , i highly recommend it . 
  shades of grey , stripes and dots . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/languages_of_europe_ ( bw ) . png, 
  cant speak for greece , but 15-20 % is the number of extremely conservative catholics in poland . 
  this number comes up in a lot of surveys . 
  `` jezus leeft '' sounds like a new kanye single, 
  i start working at 10am , so everyday i get up an hour early and i run for 30 minutes at my standard 10 km/h . 
  on weekends i sometimes run between 10 and 15 kilometers , depending on weather i feel like it . 
  so do geographical ones , up until 18th century europe 's border was ~ ~ right in the middle of ukraine ~ ~ on the river don, 
  what about romania , bulgaria and baltics ? 
  why would n't it be even georgia is borderline europe i suppose, 
  [ and that japanese guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2wgeml8.png ) although at this point i think its a proxy, 
  cause thats how reddit works , once a sub reaches certain amount of users . 
  want to have a discussion but dont agree with hivemind ? 
  head over to / int / , if you can handle the edgyness .
