  if greece does become independent of the eu , it 's going to be a loss for both . 
  and what about the rest of the eu ? 
  germany and greece have a spitting match going on . 
  anything out of either mouth regarding the other i am not inclined to see as representative of `` everyone 's '' opinion . 
  from what i understand , his visit to russia was to discuss a gas junction in greece . 
  that is smart on both tsipras 's and putin 's part . 
  the call to erdogan was in re the same thing . 
  also smart . 
  which is my point . 
  i in no way wanted to make it sound like tsipras is flinging caution to the wind because he 's desperate . 
  the imf payment got made , so he has some breathing room ( though not much ) . 
  he is doing what is best for his country , and getting income and energy into it is a solid move . 
  he certainly may have more surprises in store in the near future . 
  i agree that the media * is * desperate for anything useable , and they do n't really care which way they spin it , there is a lot of cheese available for those who like it . 
  exactly !, 
  tsipras has to look at every angle , i would fault him if he did n't . 
  the man is n't an idiot , and he is a very cool-headed politician . 
  there is a possibilty that greece may not be able to stay in the eurozone . 
  he would be stupid to not be considering alternatives to the sad predicament greece is in right now . 
  i know this is n't an outcome people want , but this is the real world we live in , and it does n't always go the way we want it to . 
  norway 's coast is so beautiful . 
  i would be astounded if greece is n't preparing for that . 
  tsipras may be looking ahead at that possibility , thus the visit to russia and the call to erdogan . 
  greece is a desperate nation right now . 
  [ i do n't think you would have liked it much ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grigori_rasputin ) . 
  that is correct . 
  sanctions were signed by barack obama on [ march 6 , 2014 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_sanctions_during_the_ukrainian_crisis ) , and went into effect on march 17 . 
  crimea was annexed [ march 18 , 2014 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation ) . 
  which are you saying is wrong ? 
  the sanctions , the annexation , or the timeline i stated in my comment ? 
  he 's right that it is n't an efficient solution . 
  it has done absolutely nothing to push russia back from ukraine , in fact , since the sanctions were imposed , crimea has been annexed . 
  for him to actually say that russia 's actions in ukraine has caused a `` profound crisis '' is also true . 
  what might putin have made of that statement ? 
  putin is n't stupid . 
  i think tsipras is extremely smart , he 's been involved in politics since he was a teen , and i 'm not writing him off because he went to russia . 
  i do n't think he 's asking for russia 's actions to be ignored . 
  damn . 
  it 's behind a paywall for me . 
  i do n't see the part where he said this . 
  amazing movie !!!, 
  i think it was when they brandished a banana and said `` say hello to my little friend . '', 
  which is why you are all perfectly safe from our nefarious machinations . 
  why is valls suggesting upping the surveillance ? 
  it seems from your comment and the article that there is plenty of it in place already . 
  yeesh , government and their need to spend our money ... edit : a spelling . 
   none of this matters , privacy is a human right according to the eu and the un , and the 4th amendment to the united states constitution clearly forbids mass surveillance . 
  unfortunately , the un and the 4th have n't and wo n't stop them . 
  it 's a phenomenal waste of our tax dollars on a program that is fairly useless . 
  given the eu sees privacy as a right , will it stop france from forming their own mass-collection apparatus , or is that under the control of the individual nation ? 
  they claim they have stopped 4 incidents . 
  ( they refuse to give any proof of even those 4 , so for all we know or do n't , those could have also been fbi stings . 
  our . guv agencies are not good at communicating with each other . ), 
  since they have been around since the ' 50 's , i do n't find that to be a good return on investment . 
  edit : a number . 
  sorry , their claim is [ 54 incidents ] ( http://www.propublica.org/article/claim-on-attacks-thwarted-by-nsa-spreads-despite-lack-of-evidence ) , not 4 . 
  i think they were in place before 9-11 . 
  the nsa is an old agency , started in [ 1952 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_security_agency ) . 
  it certainly did n't help us avoid 9-11 . 
  for amount of ~ ~ spying ~ ~ ~ ~ collecting ~ ~ monitoring done on supposedly everyone in america and the eu by gchq and nsa , there have been not enough returns to justify it . 
  do n't do it , france . 
  if it worked , you would have been warned by one or the other agency about the charlie hebdo attack . 
   the campaign to have a mosque constructed on itu campus has attracted 713 signatories in 9 months , while the campaign to have a buddhist temple on campus has so far attracted around 9.000 signatures in less than 5 days . 
  thank you for updating me on whether or not you liked it !!, 
  and i 'm glad you do , it is something we do n't get too often , either in tv or movies . 
  this is the sort of thing that needed to happen . 
  i 'm glad to see germany helping . 
  for a while it seemed g. would just slam the door on greece . 
  give greece a chance . 
  so these accidents concerning people associated with yanukovich have gone back to 2009 ? 
  wtf ? 
  someone other than the present ukraine guv must be mad at him . 
  i hope that if the new guv is successful , and actually does succeed in getting some of the taxes back that are owed to the state by the oligarchy , they will at least be in a more favorable position for negotiations . 
  tsipras has only been in office for 3 months , it is n't gon na happen overnight . 
  i just think they need more time to make the changes that need to be made . 
  i understand money due , but i also understand this situation has been long in the making . 
   maybe this will push greece to actually sort out it 's problems with endemic tax evasion , corruption and wasteful spending is n't this the reason syriza was the winner in the last elections ? 
  it seems from all i 've read that that is exactly what tsipras and varoufakis have been presenting . 
  they seem to want a chance to make it work , and some financial wiggle-room is needed for that . 
  tsipras is interesting . 
  he plays subtle . 
  i knew he had been political since middle school , i just did n't know how political . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.alexistsipras.eu/index.php/articles ) , he was nominated by the euro left party , which he is the vice-president of , as a candidate for presidency of the ec . 
  that would be impolite . 
  i love the lion with the daffodils . 
  really ? 
  all i 'm saying is that there is a public perception that athletes can be arses and get away with it . 
  we support these guys and they are paid huge salaries , yet we pay the people who literally have their hands on the destruct button less money . 
  sports are * entertainment * . 
  why is there such a divide in our tolerances ? 
  why accept an athlete acting badly when what they do is n't even necessary to our lives , it 's a pleasure , a commodity , something that we can do without ? 
  ibrahimovic excoriates the nation of france over something a ref did . 
  if i were le pen , i would have said something , too . 
  oh , my yes , it does . 
  i did n't think about that either . 
  this happened toward the end of the game , too , did n't it ? 
  yeah , i never thought about our media overlords !, 
  but does n't this argue against what zlatan just did ? 
  he lost it . 
  how does what happened give him more justification to act like a loon because he 's an athlete ?
