  my fave is messina , garfunkle , oates , and lisa - the world 's second-best band . 
  bleeding gums murphy was great . 
  sorry , i have n't watched the simpson in years , not because i do n't like theshow , but i just do n't have time any more . 
  ( and there are other shows i would watch instead - venture bros forever . ), 
  all i find when i google is shelbyville as a place where horses are sold . 
  the icelandic have a [ special registry ] ( http://www.icelandics.org/ ) . 
  iceland was founded in viking times by a very few families , mostly norwegian . 
  it 's called genetic bottleneck , but it works for them . 
  icelanders are a beautiful people . 
  a little off subject but relevant somehow , the icelandic horses that are bred there can not ever return to the island once they have been removed , for fear of breed contamination . 
  edit : punctuation, 
  by all means , allow pc to control all !!!, 
  how did the turkish cultural association feels about jabba , and about star wars in general ? 
  anything anti-islamic there ? 
  i 'm certain they will find something . 
  when fundieism comes to the fore , everything is offensive . 
  tax caps on large corporations ' taxes have damn near destroyed us - for example , [ ge in 2010 ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/general-electric-paid-federal-taxes-2010/story?id=13224558 ) had more profits protected by offshore than it did in the us , reporting an income of 14.2 b. 
  they paid 0 in taxes . 
  considering that taxes are the government 's `` salary '' , in what way is this at all beneficial to the individual taxpayer ? 
  bill clinton put us in a [ budget surplus ] ( http://federal-budget.findthedata.org/d/d/bill-clinton ) by raising the tax rates , then w came along and not only allowed corporations breaks they do n't need , but actually mailed every tax-paying citizen a check . 
  how much do you think that cost us ? 
  think it might have helped destroy our economy ? 
  i hate to see any other country go down this path . 
  it worked so well in the us , after all ... / s, 
  i had to upvote you for the protip , thanks for clarifying that . 
  still , it 's a great map , and i would n't have seen it if it had n't been reposted here !, 
  ... and just keep burying their dead children . 
  that is messed up . 
  jimmies rustled , i am a mom . 
  is n't that what ethnic russians , wanted , though , was closer ties to the motherland ? 
  enjoy . 
  a million thanks for posting this video !!, 
  i saw it a couple of months ago in vice , and forgot where i saw it !, 
  how is russia explaining all the dead `` soldiers '' coming back from ukraine ? 
  how does it impact families that are burying their kids without being able to say `` my son was killed in the crimea fighting against ukraine troops . 
  short of nuclear annihilation , nothing is going to change a country in 1 month . 
  give tsipras , varoufakis , and syriza a chance , ffs . 
  is n't it already sort of the capital of the eu ? 
  nato , the commission and the council are all there . 
  that 's some serious * de facto * . 
  putin is going to create an awful lot of martyrs with all the crap he 's doing . 
  martyrs make for some long memories in a populace . 
  texas ; we do too . 
  bush 's approval rating stayed in the 90 percentile range until ~ 4 months after the iraq invasion , then fell into the 50 % range . 
  this split is the constant for dem/gop voting , so he was ok with the gop , not so with the dems . 
  during his second term , it fluctuated between ~ 40 % to ~ 19 % for most of the 4 years he was in office . 
  he did n't win the popular vote for the first term . 
  if we were allowed to elect by vote rather than by the dreadful , outdated , electoral college system , gore would have been elected in 2000 . 
  it would be a very different world right now . 
  i do remember the us suspending a lot of passports because we kept going to norway and stealing butter from people 's frij . 
  it crashed our toast industry . 
  we are recovering , thanks for asking . 
  from your pov , he also bundled italy in there . 
  is that happening ? 
  and since a possible smoothing of the way has been struck , greece has bent a bit , the troika has bent a bit , it is doubtful anyone is going to see greece as a beacon of rebel zeal . 
  ( syriza hardiners are pissed at tsipras and varouakis for the bending . ), 
  investors are like birds drinking from a fountain . 
  they get spooked and fly off , but they always come back . 
  these are young men , trying to put a new face on greece 's future . 
  i say let them do it . 
  the maastricht treaties in 1992 worked for some countries , but not for others . 
  greece is one of the failures . 
  it is a learning curve . 
  i do n't mean to make light of your concerns , and i 'm not , what impacts one , impacts all to a greater or lesser degree . 
  i just think there is much to be patient with in this new government . 
  i do n't think they will grexit , they do n't need to if syriza and the greek people work to build something new , * along with * the powers that be in the troika , that can actually work for not only the eu but for greece . 
  greenwald has fallen in love with himself . 
  he forgets that it was about snowden , not himself . 
  he forgets it was poitras that won the oscar , not him . 
  he forgets he 's just another human on the face of the planet , who could occasionally use his unquestioned talents for good rather than fomenting bullshit . 
   `` i would warn anyone who is considering strategically amputating greece from europe because this is very dangerous , '' he said . 
  `` who will be next after us ? 
  portugal ? 
  what will happen when italy discovers it is impossible to remain inside the straitjacket of austerity ? '', 
  sorry , but this does n't look like a threat to me , veiled or otherwise , and certainly not toward portugal . 
  it reads like varoufakis is saying any country which has had issues with payment/austerity could be in the same boat as greece . 
  if it contains any warning , it would be toward the troika . 
  blatter was just re-elected, 
  one of the best ways to bring fuckery to it 's knees is to boycott it . 
  i hope these teams are serious . 
  ah , i see what you 're pointing at . 
  yes , we may have to change it . 
  i really do n't have a problem with that . 
  we grow , we change . 
  i see people fussing about change , but if evolution of systems happens , and it does , then we need to look at it in a different light . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love america , but i do n't think any scaffolding for any government is going to hold up to hundreds of years of serious change . 
  the world has n't hit an apex , there is too much going on in every country for that to have happened . 
  i think that democracy is a means , not an end . 
  we are * all * going through a rough period governmentally , and i really think we always will . 
  there has never been a perfect one , and certainly what works ( or not ! ), 
  for some people does n't work for others . 
  as for touching the constitution , we 've already done it 27 times , the first 10 being our bill of rights , which to me , is the most important part of our whole governance . 
  it 's also , it seems , what most of the fuss is about nowadays . 
  i was trying to delicately refer to mr. obama 's heritage . 
  he has has a lot of crap thrown his way because of that , there are a lot of good ol' boys left in our . guv who have shit their pants over a black person sitting in the wh . 
  i think a lot of the trouble with politics and trench warfare has come recently ( ie. , the last 20 ) because of the widening differences between progressives/liberals and conservatives . 
  as america loses it 's religious leanings , things change ( for the better , imo ) . 
  we are still a young country , comparatively , and we have a lot of growing up to do . 
   better to be too well protected than the opposite . 
  i absolutely agree .
