  [ it apparently has been around since the seventies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microaggression_theory ) , and just as apparently is now going to be co-opted by people so sensitive they should have just stayed in the womb . 
  if a stance is so precarious it has to only include this one type of human being , it 's too precarious to be viable . 
  we all face a myriad of types of interactions every day . 
  we all edit our thoughts to some degree or the other . 
  it 's called life . 
  it 's really unfortunate op chose not to answer your very pertinent questions . 
  i would have loved to know the answers to them !, 
  here 's an [ article ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/abigailesman/2011/06/23/geert-wilders-found-not-guilty-in-victory-for-free-speech/ ) from his trial in 2011 . 
   the court , according to dutch press reports , further found that wilders ' remarks and actions had been not against muslims themselves , but against certain principles of islam , and therefore do not constitute `` hate speech '' but are part of a `` general debate '' about values , morals , and culture . 
  i think sometimes people shut down when certain words are used . 
  they quit listening , and therefore append their own opinions/biases when what was actually said was quite different . 
  wilders is not always wrong , just as he is n't always right . 
  he is , however , always controversial . 
  i think the controversy is what these 2 congresscritters are reacting to . 
  i am def not a religious person , but pix of villages with steeples peeking through the treetops gets me , every time , and europe has so many amazing examples and styles of steeples . 
  i have a strong feeling those would be beautiful even in b&w !, 
   tying up different countries with vastly different levels of wealth and income , different economies and cultures into one monetary policy and semi-fiscal policy is lunacy . 
  that would be my take . 
  do you think there is any getting out of the financial union without disrupting `` european unity '' ? 
  it seems like that , at least , has been successful . 
  ahhhh , i see !, 
  at least schauble is being up front about it . 
  i did n't understand at all why he would deny that politicians should be the ones who would need to deal with this . 
  thank you !, 
  one of the things varoufakis took so much heat over was saying that grexit could cause followers because of the eu `` rules '' being difficult . 
  as far as the euro being a disaster , i will step out of that discussion , i know nothing about world economics and finances . 
  i remember though , quite a while back , something about george soros warning that the euro was a bad idea . 
  i can not remember the reasons he gave , because at the time i just thought he was full of nonsense , of course it was working . 
  my google-fu brought up nothing about it that goes back further than 2012 , so i ca n't back up my memory . 
  would it be a forced one by the eu , or would it be greece 's choice ? 
  or address the media . 
  this anti-transparency stuff is scary . 
   `` questions about whether there are alternatives if the world ends or everything turns out differently than one wants , despite best efforts , should n't really be put to politicians in positions of responsibility , '' schaeuble said . 
  then to whom should those questions be addressed ? 
  is n't that why politicians exist , to run governments for the people ? 
  and if mr. schauble is insinuating that these questions be addressed to scholars/think tanks , is n't varoufakis one of those who would be qualified to address exactly those questions ? 
  those are exquisite , thank you , op !!, 
  i see questions a lot on here about why americans are so fascinated by europe . 
  these pix are one of the reasons , afai am concerned !, 
  europe is beautiful !, 
   in israel , many holocaust survivors live in poverty and have to rely on a meager social assistance system . 
  that 's unbelievably hypocritical of israel to treat survivors who actually live in israel like that , then scream about their treatment in other nations . 
  the pic of the 4 of them !, 
  skinny jeans , so cute . 
  hope nypd buys them a beer !, 
  you are hallucinating , russia . 
  ukraine has been fighting itself . 
  there are no russian troops , no us troops , just a big happy ukraine wargame . 
  did we pull a full screwup getting rid of a dreadful dictator and destabilizing libya ? 
  we just might have ... 
  it would n't have worked . 
  every american is irish on st. patrick 's day . 
  at some point in any nation 's existence , `` give us your ... masses '' has to stop . 
  it 's unsustainable . 
  we 've damn near reached that point in the us , and europe , being a much older and more population-dense entity , probably has reached it . 
  a figure that 's being thrown about as the cost of hopping on one of the boats is $ 10 000 . 
  if there are 700 people , as has been reported , on a boat , then that 's $ 7 million for just one boat . 
  where would that kind of cash be better spent ? 
  that is n't chump change in any small nation-state . 
  someone 's making a buttload of money off these scared and propagandised people . 
  best reply !!, 
  which way is the wind blowing ?!, 
  howdy , neighbor !, 
  [ democracy is a point in governmental evolution . 
  it is n't the final answer , just the western answer for now . 
  ] ( http://www.econlib.org/library/columns/y2005/mungerdemocracy.html ), 
  so sweden is hunting for red october ? 
   the eu needs low interest rates and a devalued euro for a significant period of time . 
  you ca n't really cover all problems with the same blanket . 
  germany is a prime example of austerity working . 
  ( other nations who have subscribed to that model are partially on their feet . 
  but what worked there might not work for a nation who is already at rock-bottom . ), 
  when there is a currency union , non-federalized , with each different nation in different states of financial well-being , a single-model answer is n't possible . 
  i love it that these are catching on in so many different places !, 
  i could n't find the first picture i saw of them , they were downright jolly , the colors were sunny and it just made me happy . 
  would absolutely live in one !!, 
  good way to recycle cargo containers and provide housing at a minimal cost , too !, 
  this is what they did in brighton , uk for a [ homeless shelter ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2521879/shipping-containers-open-temporary-accommodation-homeless-brighton.html ) . 
  i 've been looking at these , they are obtainable for under $ 2000 here ( us of a ) from various freight companies . 
  did n't varoufaikis say basically the same thing ? 
   vat is already at 25 % : the problem is the collection , not the tax rate , '' varoufakis said . 
  he added that greece needed to put a positive spin on the word `` reform '' by tackling the country 's worst problems : tax evasion and tax loopholes . 
  he stressed just how difficult it is to make reforms during an economic depression without the full support of the population . 
  what could greece possibly gain by getting tossed from the eu , though ? 
  and is n't there a coalition government ? 
  what do they want ? 
  i was just reading [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/china-seeks-gateway-to-europe-with-greek-port-a-1027458.html ) about china 's cosco port in athens . 
  it 's possible greece may be turning more to the east . 
  if as you say , tsipras is gunning for expulsion , it looks as though there are other nations willing to at least partially catch them as they fall . 
  i am just hoping it does n't happen that way . 
  i understand there are already greeks calling for syriza to be recalled . 
   have you ever heard of the latin monetary union by the way ? 
  [ just now ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latin_monetary_union ) , thank you . 
   greece also caused problems . 
  according to the bbc , `` its chronically weak economy meant successive greek governments responded by decreasing the amount of gold in their coins , [ 20 ] thereby debasing their currency in relation to those of other nations in the union and in violation of the original agreement '' . 
  greece was formally expelled from the latin monetary union in 1908 . 
  it was readmitted in 1910 , however . 
  ouch , greece . 
  then the discussion we are having has come full circle . 
  tsipras is covering his country in the face of all possibilities .
