  if he 's a `` model '' person ... he just blew his facade . 
  anger in a situation like this is understandable . 
  everyone gets shat on . 
  everyone has bad days . 
  keep it shiny . 
  ultimately , it is n't getting him anywhere reacting the way he did . 
  how so ? 
  they are required to show up for practices and maintain their physical fitness . 
  what other standards are they held to ? 
  srsly asking . 
  is it because there is national representation ? 
  imho , if someone is going to be paid the phenomenal salaries some athletes are paid , they should be held to higher standards too . 
  many of them make far more money than the people running our governments . 
  it 's just a game . 
  i wonder why we usually `` forgive '' athletes their outbursts without calling them on it . 
  that behavior witnessed in an actor , politician , regular person on the street , in other words , most anyone else , would be scary and unacceptable . 
  i think this is a good callout on le pen 's part . 
  this , srsly . 
  if a man really needs these things to feel like he 's officially sexed a woman , perhaps sex needs to be rethought . 
  there is no reciprocal act a woman can perform . 
  it just feels degrading . 
  edit : a word . 
  this is true . 
  i took italian for 4 years at university , barely remember it because languages are one of those use-it-or-lose-it skills . 
  i took russian for a semester , and remember only 2 words , pants and cigarettes , and could n't write them in cyrillic if i had to . 
  kinda sad to me , i loved the russian language . 
  no , i do n't want hill . 
  she has too much past baggage over her long life that i do n't like at all . 
  i really think stopping someone in a discussion would interrupt the flow . 
  maye you could pm the user whom you 're feeling needs correction . 
  it could get embarrassing for a user who does n't know it is going to happen , also , since not everyone will see this post . 
  several people have said it may scare people off , but it could also hurt some feelers and piss people off . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's what i suspected all along !, 
  i wonder if there is a connection between this and mr. putin 's disappearance . 
  this is what i love most about obama , and what i also liked about clinton . 
  bush was a stick . 
  but is he alive or dead ? 
  the name was obviously andalized . 
   enjoy !, 
  ( i hope ! ), 
  it is indeed gory , but we are speaking of hannibal lector . 
  if there 's a venn diagram for gore , i would say the gore in hannibal is far more vivid while at the same time requiring far more suspension of disbelief than , say , a teen slasher movie . 
  i just ca n't watch those because of the gore ; hannibal 's gore is artistic , stylish , and stylized , and i ca n't explain it any better than that . 
  it is also brief and intermittent , but you 'll have to deal with the constant of knowing that there is a lot of gorgeous-food porn , knowing that it is n't really veal or beef he 's preparing and serving . 
  that to me is more psychologically impactive than the bloody gore . 
  but to each her own !, 
  ( personally , i would watch mads read a book , and be happy !, 
  he 's just a phenomenal actor . ), 
  did you have any luck with constantine ? 
  it actually may not be a fave for you either , it gets a little crazy . 
  btw , criminal minds is an astonishing show . 
  i love it a lot . 
  and all i can say about the gore factor there vs hannibal is that it 's a different sort of gore . 
  if you 've read any of the hellblazer manga , you will find that not only does the show utilize the concepts from it , but matt ryan even looks like john constantine . 
  and hannibal , gods do n't get me started . 
  everything about that show is excellent , from the production , to the acting , to the story line . 
  it is very loosely based on harris 's books , but i actually like the show better , since it weaves harris 's plotlines in with some deeply creative new twists . 
  mads mikkelsen nails it . 
  hugh dancy nails it . 
  all the characters nail it . 
  second season just went free with amazon prime . 
  hope you guys get that in eu !!, 
   jeb bush for president 2016 !, 
  from the first painful episode ... i am shocked it 's still on air , given the quality of other stuff like constantine and hannibal . 
  wow , til just how dark my tastes are ... 
  lol , sorry , i 've got reddit open on 2 tabs , and posted that reply to the wrong subreddit . 
  perhaps i should close one tab , huh ? 
  thanks for calling my attention to it !, 
  `` crime prevention '' . 
  yes , i would agree wholeheartedly with that . 
  independence is a good thing !, 
  i think i can . 
  afaik , ireland ( the republic part ) will let people carry dual citizenship . 
  that would be so good !, 
  i do n't either , and that scares me a lot . 
  it depends on how drunk we are , 
  thx !, 
   that the units will be located in latvia as long as needed to keep russia from aggressive activities and strengthen the nato alliance . 
  i worry about us troops being `` everywhere '' , but there are places where i think it 's probably wise for us to be attentive to , and right now the eu/russia borders are that place . 
  nato ordnance , then , and not specifically for latvia ? 
  partially for the news , a lot for the community . 
  i was born in dublin , adopted , and brought to america at 18 months of age , and i have always had a need , yearning , whatever , to be closer to `` home '' , as it were . 
  as u/martelfirst points out , the community may be a specific demographic , but it 's one that i am happy and comfortable with . 
  there is n't a day that goes by where i have n't either laughed my ass off at some of the jabs and comments in this sub , or been hit so deep that i have to think and research my way through them . 
  i also care deeply about what happens on the planet , and the crises in ukraine and greece have totally drawn me in . 
  are these on their way to ~ ~ ukraine ~ ~ somewhere else , or is latvia keeping them ? 
  srs question , i ca n't read the article ... 
  i heard he chased them down on his horse while shirtless . 
  shhhh , we 're not supposed to talk about stalin and his , um , [ `` idiosyncrasies '' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31711287 ) anymore . 
   the documents were contained in a folder belonging to a senior civil servant at the department for international trade , * and were photographed by a passenger on a train * . 
  trusted source . 
  it actually makes perfect sense . 
  the coast is notoriously dem and progressive , all the way up ; the central valley is notoriously gop . 
  i think russia is mentioned first because this is an article from an american newspaper , and russia 's interference in our election is on everyone 's mind here right now . 
  we would be in a very different mindset if the results had been different . 
  [ late-stage capitalism at it 's most definitive . 
  ] ( http://boingboing.net/2017/06/17/tort-reform-astroturf.html#more-529824 ), 
  please carry on , uk . 
  have n't there already been petitions to stop his visit , and people wanting it scheduled while parliament is n't in session , just to keep him from addressing them ?
