   but professor gary hartstein , formula one 's chief medic between 2005 and 2012 , said : `` it is extremely unlikely , and i 'd honestly say virtually impossible , that the michael we knew prior to this fall will ever be back . '' i 'm sure his family will be glad to have him back no matter . 
  i 'm glad he is responding . 
  there is a legendary ex-fbi agent named john douglas , who is one of the founders of the fbi 's criminal `` profiling '' unit ( which hollywood has made a travesty of ) . 
  after he retired from the fbi , he wrote a book called * law and disorder * , which goes into the many missteps taken in the american justice system . 
  mr. douglas was instrumental in getting the conviction of the [ west memphis three reviewed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_memphis_three ) , along with peter jackson and his wife . 
  i would say he is an expert in evidence , causation , and has quite some weight in his opinions . 
  he was asked by ms. knox 's family to review evidence in this crime , and he believes ms. knox to be innocent . 
  what i read of his reasons convinced me to change my mind - i originally though her to be guilty . 
  mr. douglas thinks the murderer is already in jail - that it was rudy guede . 
  i know little about the italian justice system , and not enough about america 's , but i think it 's possible that in the rush to solve this , just as with the oj trial and with the wmt i mentioned above , mistakes were made . 
  john douglas has proved repeatedly that this happens repeatedly . 
  if it can happen in one part of the world , it surely can happen in others . 
  there is no perfect system , most especially where politics comes into it , and unfortunately careers are made and destroyed by things that occur in trials . 
  is this guy saying what i think he 's saying : that the eu should forget about drawing ukraine , etc. , into a trade partnership simply because russia might get upset over their own exports taking a dip ? 
  am i really reading that countries ( full of humans who perhaps might want freedom from russia ) would be allowed to suffer russian `` takeover '' again because of money ? 
  that is the most hideous thing in the world to me . 
  i 'm not really sure about swedish things across the us ( or if people realize those things are swedish - the us is pretty us-centric ) , it 's just me . 
  i think sweden is beautiful , from the pix i 've seen , and i have always wanted to live there . 
  it just gets to me , and i do n't know how to explain it except to say i 'm drawn to it . 
  there are large swedish communities in the north , in minnesota , and i have a few friends who are swedish , but as i said , it 's just me . 
  maybe i need to go there and see . 
  thank you !, 
  i get so many differing reports about what 's actually going on in ukraine that it 's hard to tell which to believe . 
  what i want to believe is that both mr. klitscho and mr. yatsenyuk are on their way to being in government - but on their own terms . 
  but all your base are belong to us , 
  i wonder if this means that arseniy yatsenyuk accepted the position ? 
  he never said he would n't , and vitali klitschko never said he would n't accept the deputy pm role - they both said the offers were designed to divide the opposition . 
  :( i would be interested . 
  ( i have a soft spot for things swedish . ), 
  my god , that dark blue down jacket in the first pic - beautiful !, 
  can we buy them or are they exclusively for the athletes ? 
  loved * valhalla rising * ; * a royal affair * put me to sleep ( i feel bad about this , and have tried rewatching it periodically . 
  does n't work . ), 
  do love mads mikkelsen , though !, 
  ok , that 's definitely the fun vee . 
   in ~ ~ other ~ ~ real news ... 
  azarov has laid the blame on the protestors :  `` as the prime minister of ukraine , i officially state that the casualties , which unfortunately already exist , remain on the consciousness and responsibility of the organizers and certain participants of mass disturbances , '' azarov was quoted as saying by the interfax news agency . 
  also , it 's being said that the police are using rubber bullets ( which can kill , too ) , therefore the protestors are shooting themselves . 
  right . 
  my heart and hopes are with you , ukraine . 
   you need more than beaten people for that since attacking the authorities is basically tantamount to saying that the authorities are not legitimate . 
  that 's exactly what is being said . 
  [ here ] ( http://oilprice.com/energy/energy-general/duke-university-study-links-fracking-to-ground-water-contamination.html ) is a scathingly sarcastic oil company answer to a duke university study that found methane concentrations ( as well as other chemicals ) in higher than normal levels near a fracking site . 
  [ here ] ( http://readersupportednews.org/news-section2/312-16/21278-researchers-find-7300-sq-mile-ring-of-mercury-around-tar-sands-in-canada ) , information about mercury contaminations around tarsands excavations in canada . 
  what are our respective governmental bodies thinking about ( except money ) with these destructive , scary , and so far completely unstudied and unregulated energy sources ? 
  we have the tech to go renewable . 
  perhaps not enough profit for the energy companies there ? 
  but i am serious . 
  you have no need to apologize - what we have done is unforgivable in my eyes : to spy and collect metadata , to implant malware on people 's computers , to bug the cell of ms. merkel ( and god knows who else ) !, 
  i am disgusted with my country . 
  i despised w , and obama , even though he was the lesser of 2 evils both times he was elected , has been a huge disappointment to me . 
  i agree , which is why i said he has n't stopped it . 
  i am sad and horrified that my country has done something so blatantly totalitarian and anti-democratic as this . 
  what worries me most is that we only have definitive proof of nsa/gchq because of edward snowden . 
  what if every other country has their own version and it just has n't been exposed yet ? 
  he did n't start it , that would be george w bush , the worst prez ever in history . 
  w gave free reign for it after 9/11 . 
  fat lot of good it 's done - in the history of it , nsa claims 54 incidents have been prevented - but they do n't give specifics on those claims . 
  and with the unimaginable amount of data they 've collected , even if they 've stopped 54 , that 's a nano % . 
  the program needs to be dismantled - it 's never a good idea to give carte blanche to any government agency , anywhere . 
  and no , obama has n't stopped it . 
  he 's looking at reports from several sources right now and should be making a statement soon , but i expect nothing will actually be done until it 's damaged a lot of businesses who seek expansion to and partnership with eu businesses , who are n't going for it for obvious reasons . 
   campaign against political correctness oh , yes . 
  this needs to be a universal . 
  i 'd help crowdfund it !, 
  [ india just turned google down for a voting program they were developing ] ( http://www.indiawest.com/news/16103-election-commission-turns-down-partnership-with-google.html ) , because they feared the breach of privacy of india 's voters due to the nsa , and google caving to nsa 's requests for info/being hacked by nsa . 
  i think the nsa is gon na cook a lot of businesses because of their `` intrusions '' . 
   google , a company that reported $ 14.89 billion in revenue * last quarter * ... ... 
  i think i might need one of those brown coats they wear - love the full skirts those have . 
  srs . 
  so , basically , when 2015 unseats yanukovych ( or before , if things go well ) , those loans may come due in full . 
  ( or , putin is n't a fool , and realizes that ukraine will be paying those off for a looooooooong time , which puts money in russia 's accounts . 
  better in than out , though . ), 
  well done , thanks !, 
  it is impressive , and i think they are on their way . 
  a daytrip to birka/sigtuna gets you a viking settlement , as well , on birka 's north coast . 
  also , viking era coins from persia are still being found on gotland . 
  not to mention , sweden is absolutely beautiful , no matter the time of year . 
  i think she got it right too - the aunts do remind me of my aunts when i was growing up . 
  they all lived in various parts of oklahoma ( us ) , and their lives were those of farmers . 
  the pic with the fresh strawberries made me cry - it resonates so deeply . 
  i wonder : * how many other nations russia owes money to * how much yukos was worth when it was seized from khodorkovskiy * how much income russia has coming in from loans to nations such as ukraine , and when those loans are due russia may be on it 's way to becoming independent of foreign debt . 
  this would be a most unique event in this world . 
  and ms. merkel forgot her glasses . 
  the tree in # 12 is as amazing as the mountain behind it !!!, 
  thank you , op !, 
  i really did n't realize they were driving in reverse during this...j-cvd is pretty brave . 
  ohhhhh , that dresser and mirror !, 
  i found out through an article i read today that it is from a stationary surveillance camera across the square , so it is always on . 
  this makes me wonder if there 's always a camera pointed at that train station . 
  the perspective was perfect . 
  mmmm , love that dark , glossy , blackmail . 
  i did n't say that and neither did roger waters . 
  he is comparing it . 
  there is a difference . 
  thank you . 
  all those people - looks like a blanket of light , it 's beautiful . 
  it made me cry . 
  anti-semitic ? 
  no , one may despise the state of israel and * not * despise jews .
