  they would love it !, 
  nato is refusing to back the us , as well . 
  cameron just got the jump on them . 
  maybe you 're not as cute to them as cameron is to the russians . 
  so why do we need alternative currencies if it 's so very awful to use it ? 
  seems pointless . 
  i think history is one long use of alternative currency . 
  it is n't antisocial , it 's part of humanity . 
  wow , who pissed in your oatmeal ? 
  i 'm not saying i do n't like what our taxes do . 
  i would just like to see an alternative currency ( such as bitcoin ) that can be used ( like bitcoin can ) for barters/trades , etc. , without government intervention/regulation . 
  i 'm in !, 
  i always wanted to move back to europe anyway ( born in dublin , ireland , it would be nice to come home !! ), 
  ( why does paypal have to jack with people so much , tho ? 
  and why would they want to know what the donations were for ? 
  it 's none of their biz . 
  they are 3rd party . ), 
  how completely sad !!!, 
  i wish we could find a way of circumventing the almighty $ $ machine . 
  i hoped bitcoin would do it , but ... 
  let 's all hope it 's not made taxable . 
  our guvs love that stuff . 
  bitcoin may not be that secure , if it is declared a legal currency . 
  i agree completely . 
  i do n't use any cloud , even tho jottacloud claims security . 
  my machine has plenty of memory , i am not storing large packets , so do n't need cloud . 
  just thought it was interesting that tor is offering that service . 
  tor now has a cloud though . 
  and they have rebuilt from the compromised version of torbrowser to a new browser bundle . 
  careful there , though . 
  mailpile 's funding thru paypal [ just got whacked ] ( http://www.mailpile.is/blog/ ) . 
  remember what paypal did to wikileaks funding . 
  another fun fact : tolkein based the dwarf names on norse gods . 
  no , all is not hopeless . 
  i think if people read and are curious about the world inside and outside of school , they end up well . 
  i never had good teachers until i started uni , and my biology prof actually had phds in education and physiology . 
  he made me realize what a truly great teacher is - his class was my favorite , though the rest of my profs were also quite brilliant in their fields - which is an advantage to going to college !, 
  i do n't understand why we keep using these targeted tests ( in the us , it was tass here in texas , nclb when wbush was prez , etc ) . 
  my daughter grew up with these , and complained about the lack of actual content in school curricula due to being taught to the content of these tests . 
  the schools were more worried about getting a pass themselves than about teaching the students . 
  * maths classes tend to be more sophisticated , with lessons that show the often fascinating ways that geometry , trigonometry and calculus work together in the real world . 
  * in each country , the americans are startled by how hard their new peers work and how seriously they take their studies . 
  * and teachers in every subject exhibit the authority of professionals held in high regard . 
  these are all missing in the us . 
  i do n't want to start a fuss with any other us ` ers on r/europe , but we churn out teachers that are barely more competent than the students ; we place incredible emphasis on sports ( especially football , where young athletes are given passing grades even when they are failing , just because they are good at bashing the crap out of the other guy ; we teach to the nclb goals ( no child left behind , which rates the school rather than the kids/teachers ) rather than actually getting in-depth with a subject . 
  pathetic . 
  ( it 's no wonder we ca n't even control our freakin government . 
  not too many of our students can read and understand what our constitution says . ), 
  if you 're on the west coast near ukiah , california , do eat at jaws . 
  best cheeseburgers in the us !, 
  ... and they all look just the same !, 
  they 're all made out of ticky-tacky . 
   cost them one million rubles , or $ 30,000 , lel . 
  as i read the bottom graph , shadow economy keeps growing but as a part of the general economy , it is shrinking . 
  if i read this right , the gdp is in a lot of trouble . 
  i was very disgusted with the us over the maid incident , and felt at the time it was a setup . 
  i ca n't help but like this guy . 
  he 's like bill clinton - i really do n't care about his moral conundrums , i just want his input in political affairs . 
  yes we are , yes we are , and no , we do n't - at least those whom we elect as leaders , it seems . 
  god , what does that say about us as human beings ?!? 
  are we total masochists ? 
  i find this to be quite a swing from 2010 when finance minister [ schaubel was telling the us to stuff it , basically . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/interview-with-german-finance-minister-schaeuble-the-us-has-lived-on-borrowed-money-for-too-long-a-727801-2.html ) most unfortunate that the eu seems to be going paranoid along with the us . 
  i wish for a turn around from this silliness soon . 
  so does germany dictate to the whole eu ? 
  just because they want a questionnaire , will it be automatic that the other eu countries must implement that ? 
  and what about open travel across borders ? 
  will that now go away ? 
  god , what a shitty world we are living in ... 
  does the uk being in charge of the council make anyone else nervous ? 
  beautiful . 
  to me , people who leave a dog 's poo on the street are the equivalent of parents who leave the loaded disposable diapers of their precious little offspring on public transportation or just toss them on the street . 
  postage should be charged to the offenders , as well . 
  good for you , iceland !!, 
  again , i did n't mention taxes . 
  i ca n't imagine any guv seizing $ $ over gay voting . 
  i also said nothing about taxes . 
  i 'm speaking of reasons people might have to want their funds in a safe place , * legally * , not because they are criminals . 
  guvs seize $ $ for a lot of reasons , and some of them i am opposed to . 
  if one has a moral reason to want money kept secret ( say , one opposes seizure of funds because of a stance one 's government is taking , which one considers wrong ) , why should it matter ? 
  i am aware that there are abuses of this secrecy - but i hope it remains . 
  stand strong , switzerland !!, 
  american here , i do n't even understand the point of american idol . 
  the world is full of real talent - why do we have to have a show with dubiously qualified judges telling us autottuned singers are just * great * ? 
  i wonder what would happen if eu closed it 's doors to new immigrants . 
  for those who wished to move to a different country based on the perception that it would be a `` better life '' , only to find it the same or worse for them in a country where they have n't integrated , would it be useful to begin to change the governments of their native country ? 
  is it even possible to do so ? 
  the world is getting smaller ; to burden parts of it further with , as this article calls it , welfare states , does n't seem a reasonable solution to issues at home . 
  i think that 's a 2-hundred-year-old question . 
  do we follow the us model about the poor , the tired ( which is now totally outmoded ) or do we simply tell people to clean up their own apartment before they move into another one ? 
  i 'm for the latter - i 've seen enough ghettos built by incomers who do n't want to integrate . 
  what 's funny here is that i would give my socks to move to sweden , and ca n't get it together financially to do so . 
  i want to know how people get the funds to immigrate . 
  honor killing sucks in any country , including the one it originated in . 
  it 's barbaric , and there is no honor in it . 
  if someone is going to immigrate , they should be more than willing to adapt to whatever the `` rules '' are in their new country . 
  otherwise , they perpetuate exactly what they left home to get away from . 
  lol , yeah , it 's been about that long . 
  hmm , i have read otherwise , both in books documenting viking landings , and in the sagas themselves . 
  not discounting the slaves , i still do n't think the populace of them was quite that large .
