  i 'm sure the comparison mr. 
  waters made has occurred to others , too . 
  i probably should n't jump in here , but i ca n't help it . 
  i live in the us , and have been following this protest since it started . 
  you have my support , best wishes , and hopes with all my heart !!!!!!!, 
  i wish we in the us were n't such wimps when it comes to showing our government what we really want . 
  as of today , it sounds like yanukovich is twitching - keep it up , people !!, 
  yeah , the place i live right now is probably a little smaller than 25 sq meters . 
  i 've been here almost 2 years , so obviously it 's not too horrible . 
  and as the above commenter said , it 's athens !!!!!!!!!!, 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd go live there in a hot sexy second . 
  amazing . 
  it just sounds really small , but if i could go there , i would !!, 
  ok , but 5000/220 gives you only 25 square meters , right ? 
  that 's not very big ... that 's just an example , as well . 
  note that that is 5000/euros per square meter . 
  still a bargain ? 
  i read one article which was saying it was a fairly new construction , and was an award-winning building . 
  i think maybe there are questions now about quality , and perhaps they should get an outside opinion . 
  as are his politics . 
  re-election campaign , perhaps ? 
  thank you , ireland is one of the places i 'm most interested in , since i was on there . 
   it 's not the spying or the lying that european citizens find more hurtful . 
  it is the perception that u.s. agencies are as oblivious to the rights of allies as they are * ** scrupulous at upholding the rights of their own citizens ** * . 
  they have kicked us to the curb , too . 
  increased police violence and militarization , the nsa , drones , etc , are making the us a totalitarian regime , not a country that values freedom of it 's citizens . 
  what we read over here is about the array of what the nsa has taken from our phone records , internet use , and private communications . 
  every phone carrier , microsoft , google , etc have given up our data to them . 
  that 's why i said `` mainly . '', 
  mr. snowden 's releases were originally about what the nsa was doing to the us 's own citizens . 
  what it 's doing to the rest of the world came later , and does n't seem to be as broad as what 's going on with us , because it seems each nation has their own version of the nsa to spy on their own people . 
  this reaction to `` terrorism '' is ridiculous , and it 's about time to stop it . 
  creating yet another spy agency is not the answer, 
  so she wants to set up a new agency to spy on the world ? 
  how is that going to counter nsa spying ? 
  the nsa is spying mainly on american citizens ( we 're all terrorists , you know ) , with the added bonus of hitting the leaders of other nations ( they 're all terrorists , you know ) thrown in . 
  now this lady wants to spy on us too ? 
  * sigh * maybe just spy on the nsa instead , huh ? 
  beautiful !!!!!, 
  thanks , i will add that !, 
  i want to see every viking-era dig that i can , specifically gamla uppsala , and the ships in the ship museum in oslo . 
  i would like to see the danverke and the trelleborg in denmark , and i want to see the digs along the liffey in ireland , especially since that 's where i was born ( dublin , not the digs  ) . 
  i also just want to kick back a little , and get away from america for a while . 
  i will surf and hotel ( or hostel , more probably ) . 
  i deeply appreciate all the answers , i will just stay with my us bank and probably get a prepaid card as / u/saltysolomon suggested . 
  this helps a lot , guys !!!!!, 
  i really do n't want to travel with cash or checks !, 
  if i were snowden , i would n't budge . 
  he 's given up a lot , but he 's safe where he is . 
  david blair , ummm tony cameron , ummm . 
  oh the hell with it , they 're all the same . 
  yes , but remember how * quickly * they died !, 
  because they 're busy destroying nyc . 
  the rest of the country would bore them to death . 
  ( except for la ), 
  tl ; dr , but using a ms account and logging on as an admin , go into the local group policy editor , windows key + cntrlc to display the charms bar , select search . 
  highlight the `` apps '' button , type gpedit.msc , choose the app , enter . 
  when the group policy editor launches , computer configuration  admin templates  windows components  sync your settings . 
  highlight that and you can see the settings you can sync . 
  look at each one . 
  if it says `` enabled '' , it 's off . 
  ( counterintuitive , i know ) if you choose disable , it 's on . 
  you can also download microsoft skydrive , ( not the one that is already on the win8 os ) , and sync over that . 
  win8 is made for this sort of stuff . 
  i recommend a book called * windows 8 hacks * - damned handy , and has all sorts of stuff in it . 
  if you want to access your computer from your desktop , put the start menu back on desktop , etc ( in other words , make win8 behave like xp ) , that 's doable , too . 
  win8 now allows you to do that . 
  you can use ff , drop google , and still be synced . 
  such a great read . 
  i learned that i know a lot less about computers than i thought i did , but a lot more than some of his clients do . 
  a million upvotes to that !!, 
  you are absolutely right . 
  there are no ideals outside plato . 
  we are just people , men and women trying to live , and hopefully doing it , as you say , by our own decision . 
  i personally do n't want to be aggressive , and i 'm not , but that is just my nature , biology or not ( perhaps i should say it 's my self-nurture , rather . ), 
   that does n't mean that swedish men are allowed to be as sensitive as women . 
  we are still expected to suck it up . 
  that being the case , i wonder if the abuse of men was underreported . 
  * sigh * feminism has created a different playing field , but i 'm not sure whether the job is done yet . 
  it seems that we have asked for things that are practical , yet not asked for things that would lead to a truly healthier society . 
  do you * want * to be as sensitive as women ? 
  ( i think sometimes that we need to suck it up a little , too . ), 
  that may be true , but i would tend to be more honest in an anonymous q&a than in one where my name was going to be used . 
  it would also be a huge relief to get abuse off my chest . 
  not so for men , maybe . 
  but with sweden 's gender equality , i would think men withholding that info * would n't * be the norm . 
  perhaps the men responded honestly because this was a research project , and probably anonymous . 
  if it were the police asking , their responses might have been very different . 
  his best . 
  this reminds me of * the dark tower * books ... 
  that 's very true . 
  the post was about countries , though , so i was commenting on that . 
  tokyo is n't all of japan . 
  the japanese culture is quite old , and quite beautiful . 
  that is happening for me at r/politics . 
  i wondered at it but they are always doing things to that sub , so i let it go . 
  perhaps you should dig a little further into how old japan is . 
  sarkozy/us shenanigan at it 's saddest . 
  muh nationalism , tho ... . 
  you should really xpost this to r/unitedkingdom .
