  because if you do n't you 'll bleed out in the waiting room . 
  you can work at treating both symptoms and causes . 
  i completely agree that the big picture is not ok the way it is now , but greece and italy * are in trouble now * regardless of any of that . 
  why not help with that when you can ? 
  it does n't stop anyone from working at the big picture . 
  you think they would know they are ? 
  a theory that can not be falsified can not be considered sound . 
  at least consider what could make you change your understanding of the swedish situation . 
  and , regardless , remember that no one is asking you to do what we have done . 
  because it 's inconsistent with co-operation within the eu . 
  but as things are , those three countries are asking italy and greece to have more security issues so that they do n't have to . 
  those three argue like this is the beginning of the massive influx to their countries when in reality it 's a one time relocation to alleviate the strains on greece and italy . 
  well , enjoy sanctions then . 
  no other way forward if you 're any degree of representation for the rest of your country . 
   we can literally see what is happening in your streets visit sweden friend , you seem to have the wrong idea about my country . 
  we need to do * both * and right now you 're acting like spoiled children unwilling to help out, 
   national suicide can you think of anything that might make you change your mind about that ? 
  i think you 're wrong , but i do n't think i can change your mind . 
  a problem which currently is greater for greece and italy . 
  fuck the big picture - today , this problem is bigger for greece and italy . 
  this is possible but very , very far from guaranteed . 
  this is n't remotely comparable to that suggestion . 
  the migrants the eu is asking you to take are a fixed pool . 
  this is n't a generalized deal , it 's a one time help your ally deal . 
  your metaphor does n't work . 
  if your friend is hungry , would you lend him a piece of your bread ? 
  why would you let your ally suffer alone ? 
  no , i 'm asking you : who gave you the impression that the refugee crisis is the beginning of the end for europe ? 
  an unsurmountable problem ? 
   they should be stopping any boat attempting to enter their waters i agree . 
  the boat route is highly suspect imo . 
  but the only way to properly secure the boarders is with ultra violence . 
  anything less and people will continue trying . 
  we could doing a lot better with boats . 
  but that does n't solve any of greeces ' problems . 
   suicide pact again - who gave you that impression ? 
  and who gave you that impression ? 
   while preserving our countries unlike western europe reminder that this is a russian divide-and-conquer propaganda narrative aimed at breaking apart the eu, 
  we 're in this boat together . 
  to me , all i 'm seeing is three countries not willing to do their part for the whole . 
  keep in mind that this particular deal is about a specific pool of immigrants currently housed in italy and greece . 
  it is n't generalized . 
  are poles fine with leaving greeks and italians out to hang ? 
   the audacity of pushing this through to countries that fundamentally do n't want it is shameful . 
  think of it more as solidarity between eu member states . 
  greece and italy are having problems that you did not bring upon itself . 
  is it not a good neighbours , a good friends , responsibility to help out where he can ? 
  current `` king maker '' year man, 
  where do you get polls/projections/that kind of thing ? 
  getting desperate, 
  so it 's the boats from libya then ? 
  i do n't see what good twitter does tbh . 
  i get the feeling memewars are simply about dominating what is trending on twitter, 
   but this seems like such a weird time to stop . 
  it only leads to a full stop once something finally sticks to the orange teflon wonder . 
  maybe he only worked with manafort and it leads to another news cycle about how trumps team colluded , reducing trumps chances of doing politics while not really making trump more impeachable, 
  i think putin has gotten/is getting what he can from trump , which is not being hillary and chaos in american politics . 
  this could up the chaos . 
  maybe he 's born with it ? 
  maybe he 's a capital-lee, 
  would n't you give immunity to prosecution for a smaller set of offenses already committed , rather than total immunity for anything ever ? 
  good on you estonia . 
  eternal life bruh, 
  that 's not a beanbag shotty , is it, 
  i mean one thing you can say for erdogan - he makes great news, 
  i love how i 've been told my entire life that `` oh but you know in italy they drink wine every day and if anything they 're healthier than us ! '', 
  oh noo whatever will i do - recep, 
  it 's a great language for cacophony tho, 
  it is my understanding that that is the underlying assumption in islam : men can not be trusted around women . 
  if god says so then who is anyone else to judge me if i act badly with women ? 
  we 're selling weapons to saudi , we probably are betting that it would be a real blow to our ability to defend ourself if we lost them as a client as we would have to reduce our arms industry , and they were getting in either way . 
  in pragmatic terms i think it 's the right call . 
  but it does get kinda hairy when they call themself the worlds first feminist government lmao, 
  pay denbts, 
  it 's very poor . 
  it is strategically important for russias sense of security , being the staging ground for ground offensives east of the carpathians . 
  some higher up stole like a third of the gdp last year or the year before . 
  if you 're a kid in the mountains you get to spend your summer herding sheep and making cheese . 
  that 's it . 
  longing for another meme war, 
  that 's the one, 
   work together with hungary i do n't know about behind the scenes but afaik not many european leaders want to be seen doing this on cam, 
  shows great respect for democracy too, 
  alright, 
  what really is le pens stance on the eu ? 
  would it mean frexit or is it scare mongering ? 
  muslim no go zone is apparently = champs elys\u00e9e . 
  i ` mma go ahead and agree that the sources are questionable . 
   who else is excited for each major foreign election because refreshing election results deep into the night is fun ? 
  help us donald trump ... you 're our only hope ... edit : what i mean is preassure from trump is the last hope for turkish democracy, 
   turkish president erdogan says unofficial results show wake me up inside, 
  100 % angery, 
  then i would bet that 's how this ends , assuming anyone decides to buy a ticket to jail by challenging the results once the ysk say they 're done . 
  this is pure insanity . 
  i would never , ever in my life have guessed that someone could plot a fake election this way . 
  just run a pretend election for people , but still maintain a count in private . 
  if erdogan just brute forces this , or , rather , does he have the power to just brute force this ? 
  is the military and the police that much in his pocket ? 
  but keeping the actual count secret while running a fake `` approximation '' for the public ... is so fucking villainous that i ca n't believe he lets it be known . 
   is still counting what the fucking fuck,
