based on the article with the former hungarian intel agent it appears harder than you 'd think http://index.hu/belfold/2017/03/21/hungarian_secret_agent_reveals_how_serious_the_russian_threat_is, 
  my first thought when i saw this was : there is now not a single obstacle to fsb/gru operatives to get wherever they want within the eu . 
  same for economic migrants . 
  but to be perfectly honest : i do n't know what `` biometric passports '' do to stop that . 
  pardon my french but what 's the quid on our end in this ? 
  o for fucks sake . 
  i watched this guy give an interview on nbc like a week ago . 
  he was great , he is great . 
  i hope he makes it . 
  edit : this is old news . 
  still relevant information but i assure you he 's alive and well , at least as of a week ago . 
  someone just wants to post a reminder of who putin is , not post news . 
  waiting for the fallout . 
  edit : ie before there 's a perp in hand it might be a bit premature for the west to take a stand, 
  it seems to be rectifying itself, 
  maybe does n't make it undemocratic , but i do n't think it 's proper , at least in peace time , to make everything come down to one decisive moment . 
  it 's unnecessarily tense . 
  the uk could have had three referendums over three years and gone for a best of three . 
  i think what you need is to let the initial wave of indignation die out and see what you 're left with , not just let it build and build to a climactic moment and then become a slave to the consequences of stirred up passion rather than proper rational thought . 
  referendums are the equivalent of the most hypertrophic tumerogenic substance for a countries public discourse/discussion . 
  democracy needs to slow down , not speed up . 
  in the end i do n't think it 's gon na happen . 
  the uk is much more reliably `` forever '' than the eu . 
  the scots will go with a safe remain in uk over a risk, 
  great video , but all this `` brexit will surely be a failure '' shit is making me ill at ease . 
  it speaks of poor confidence on our part , trying to convince eachother we 're still relevant ( i think we are but this just does n't look good ), 
  if the goal is to avoid having your national sovereignty subverted i think that 's a much , much worse option, 
   waszczykowski : and the eu is the greatest beneficiary of polish membership !, 
  we are a market of almost 40 million people . 
  you 've earned an enormous amount of money from us ; the germans alone have sold 55 billion euros worth of goods in poland . 
  we see the money from the structural funds as compensation for opening our market . 
  your choice being what exactly ? 
  why ? 
  it seems like this would be pretty controversial for many , a hamfisted way of saying their perspective is n't worthwhile . 
  i agree that we need the eu and we 'll be much weaker without it but there are a lot of people who do not and who ca n't believe that the `` federalists '' had the audacity, 
  he 's just trying to get le pen elected, 
  that 's where we draw the line ? 
  creating anti-eu sentiment at home ? 
  i feel like she 's gon na be able to spin this in her favor . 
  `` i shared the truth of islamic culture , they tried to silence me '' , that kind of thing, 
  me neither but it 's good input, 
  yea i 'd like that too but as you say it seems a bit far away, 
  it 's a way for us small countries with difficult neighbours to bolster our numbers . 
  i support it given our situation . 
  at folk och f\u00f6rsvar their head of pr said the goal will be to make conscription seem like something that is good for your future prospects in life , something that businesses and society in general will respect and look up to . 
  i think they want to , eventually , end up with 4000 highly sought after positions rather than 4000 unlucky sons and daughters of bitches who lost a lottery . 
  i think it could happen , but we 'll see . 
  popular in sweden when i was a kid, 
  so are nominations/hirings at the dgse political ? 
  lepen is obviously going to say they are , but are they ? 
  if not then we 're onto something big here, 
  where is center on a motherfucking compass then bruh, 
   the volcano will eventually erupt , but not today . 
  how bad will it be ? 
  sure is, 
  it 's just the way it is really, 
  oh shit it was on aktuellt . 
  he did say it but i was unintentionally misleading , sorry for being unclear . 
  so then you heard him say that the problem was that moderaterna had done a deal with the data storage company , not that he is n't in control of his own cabinet ? 
  he 's trying to shift the blame and the focus . 
  he has been responsible for the situation for several years now . 
  the honest thing to do would be to admit fault and resign ( you ca n't have serious matters of national security being kept from the prime minister for a year ) , but since he 's power hungry he does this instead . 
  did you watch him talk ? 
  he says the deal was made with the data-company during their reign , and that the decision to outsource something like this was wrong, 
  he basically said it 's moderaternas fault ( no kidding ) lmao, 
  i bet this will make the price of video games go down ( yea i know that video games have not increased in price along with inflation and that they 're really underprised if anything right now , i just wanted to be a lil snarky ), 
   i was referring to the fact that you said cheap foreign labour would downregulate wages `` a bit '' . 
  oh , that was just a way of expressing myself , i 'm not in a position to say * how much * this will affect the eu member states , but i realize that it will . 
  i understand better where you 're coming from then . 
  of course it * is * a socio-economic issue , but it 's not new and it should n't come as a surprise that it 's there . 
  why it would demand a comment from macron , and why poland happens to be the bad guy in his comment , when there is a general brussels - poland conflict on : i am guessing that this is a part of a broader internal conflict . 
  i mean the supermarket analogy - poland gets well paid work for their population but refuse to take what they do n't want : their share of middle eastern refugees . 
  it 's the timing and singling out of poland that makes me suspicious . 
  none of what he is bringing up is new . 
  but on the other hand he is new , so it could just signal him wanting to spend time while in office to look for a new way for the eu to work . 
   are we still pretending that a large supply of cheap labour does n't downregulate wages due to supply and demand ? 
  read my comment again this is a completely natural part of being a part of the single market . 
  expressing outrage at it now , specifically aimed at poland - yea i think it 's a way to go after them because they wo n't play ball . 
  this has to be an early part of a smear campaign against poland for not taking refugees . 
  no one can possibly be surprised that when the eu become one market , that wages might go down a bit in competition with people from areas where the cost of living is a quarter of what your population is used to . 
   do you think i can explain to french middle class people that companies close down in france to go to poland because it 's cheaper , and that building companies will only hire poles in france because they are cheaper ? 
  how can there be a single person within the eu who has a hard time understanding this, 
  you 're absolutely right about us . 
  has it helped anything that things have moved forward in holland ? 
  this is a matter of alleviating a crisis though, 
  the point is - things are not nearly as bad as the heavily anti-immigrant people would have you believe . 
  sweden is not about to end . 
  but there are those who want you to believe that for political reasons . 
  in that case i hope that this can de-escalate to a point where a clear deal can be made to show everyone that those criteria can be met . 
  i would guess ( guess is the important word here ) that there would be important political reasons for the current governments of the three countries to keep tentions high though . 
  do you understand the concept of an alliance ? 
  i do believe i spend a lot more time on these matters than the average eu citizen . 
  the two sources that have convinced me this is the case : http://www.nato.int/docu/review/2016/also-in-2016/lisa-case-germany-target-russian-disinformation/en/index.htm http://index.hu/belfold/2017/03/21/hungarian_secret_agent_reveals_how_serious_the_russian_threat_is i know that index is a left wing source in hungary but i figure a formed agent is a former agent . 
  both my friend . 
  both . 
  say you cut your finger and the bleeding wo n't stop . 
  you realise you have a genetic blood-clot deficiency . 
  do you say `` hm , that 's interesting , i 'll go down to the doctors and see what he has to say about this '' ? 
  i 'm sure you do . 
  but do you apply a bandaid first ?
