  and yeah i agree they ca n't go home , but they left safe space to safe space so their reason for doing so is primarily economic rather than safety based . 
  i never said it does n't make them refugees , just that they are n't doing this to get their family into safety . 
  does n't the czech republic already have laws saying you can use reasonable force in self defense or the defense or others ? 
  shooting someone doing a terrorist attack would be covered by this i imagine . 
   it will be the logical consequence however . 
  that consequence will only increase as more countries change their mind due to the uncontrolled situation that is currently happening continues . 
  also i bet it would be easier to get people onboard once we show some control over the situation . 
   different circumstances and a much lower amount of people . 
  taking a few ten thousands is unlikely to cause trouble . 
  if you take hundreds of thousands like germany or sweden , trouble of some kind can be expected no matter what . 
  there will likely be some trouble sure , but with family groups instead of just mainly men it will be a lot easier . 
  also with detention for anyone who has terrorist links , it awaiting deportation or commits crimes will prevent a situation like the one in berlin from happening . 
   `` such is life '' is a bit of a shitty argument . 
  if they do not want to give money , they should shut the f ** k up about it being the best thing to do . 
  well they are part of the eu , they get their say as does everyone else . 
  if they were separate countries then yeah we could say it 's just an internal affair . 
   i fundamentally disagree on this . 
  take germany for example : we are expected to spend around 80 billion euros over the next few years on `` our '' refugees . 
  this spending is n't really appreciated in the population , but people tolerate it because they know that it will flow back into our economy and because they know it is necessary ( you can not let people live on the streets and you need to spend money to integrate/educate them ) . 
  assuming that we did not have any refugees here and that we would not have to spend these 80 billions . 
  i can guarantee you that there would be zero support for spending even ten billions in the region . 
  after seeing what happens when it gets out of control people will see the need for it a lot more . 
  now they know what happens when they do nothing . 
   i think a country hosting refugees worth over 20 % of their own population should n't be burdened any further . 
  they are already burdened , but it would be a lot less with a ton of funding and aid . 
  the current situation compared to a situation where there is loads more aid but a few more refugees it would be a lot easier to handle . 
   i would argue that we should give them funding no matter what . 
  even without them taking further refugees . 
  they already did much more than anyone could expect them to do . 
  but pragmatically we should have benefits for ourselves also . 
  and as you said , people are n't just going to agree to this out of the good of their hearts . 
   on the route , they are pretty much the most important country to deal with . 
  i do not think that this serves as a pro-your-policy argument here . 
  they are a wrench in the works sure but that is either with my suggested ideas or with the current ideas . 
  i would agree that my policy idea is n't perfect , but i just know that the current situation is worse and totally unsustainable . 
  but even without a deportation agreement we could still make it very unfavorable to come here by refusing all unification and detaining any that cause issues . 
  we have to do something to change things , the longer the status quo goes on the greater issues we are going to have . 
  public opinion will quickly change from friendly , to tired and annoyed , to hostile the longer the problems go on . 
  we are already seeing this with many places changing the laws and reviewing the current way of doing things to take a harsher approach . 
   but we do n't need to negotiate with them ? 
  we can send as much or as little help as we want sure we do , how else are we going to come to some arrangement ? 
   the reason they keep coming is because they know we wo n't say no . 
  if we built great refugee camps near them , and knew that going to europe was useless , they would n't even try to come here . 
  you seem to be talking about new arrivals , what about the loads that are already here ? 
  and where do you suggest building these refugee camps ? 
  wherever we build them we are going to need to negotiate with the country whose territory it is or who controls that area . 
  unless you are suggesting we just invade a country . 
   i do n't understand why you think , if we help them out there exclusively and protect the borders , that we are `` ditching them '' . 
  i 'm talking about the host country not the refugees themselves . 
  the host country is obviously going to want benefits for them and not just be the place where we deport all our refugees too . 
   do n't you see the clumsiness in making them travel all the way over here then put them in some building for a certain amount of time to then send them back ? 
  i 'm seeing it more from a negotiation stand point . 
  it would make it easier to come to a deal if we say `` yeah we will take a certain amount from the camps to ease the pressure and help you out '' . 
   if they are not supposed to get too comfortable here , which i agree with , then we can provide the exact same services there and avoid all this human trafficking . 
  well the problem is they are already here and are going to keep coming here . 
  so if we are to help prevent the boat arrivals we need to possibly come to some arrangement to deport the people that enter illegally , possibly in exchange for ones directly from the camp so it does n't give the appearance we are just ditching them all on the country they are deported too because who would agree to that ? 
   they have enough physical space , but they need infrastructure , water and food . 
  the privileged migrants who would come here would be extremely wasteful of our own resources , because serving them here is much more expensive . 
  in the meantime , there are already millions in countries near syria who do n't get as much help from us as they could because we blow our money here . 
  yeah they really do need give them more assistance . 
  we should focus more on helping the refugees in the camps and preventing ones from entering via the boat route . 
  also yeah it would be more expensive to help them here but it would help the countries that have taken many in and make it easier to come to some arrangement where we can deport people directly to the camps if they enter illegally . 
   i would argue that it 's pretty bad . 
  sure , but it 's not as dangerous as a lot of people think . 
   nope . 
  even the countries not affected significantly by the `` boat arrivals '' ( e.g. 
  the us , australia , the uk ) decided to do very little in this regard . 
  the only exception is canada . 
  it 's also an issue of what people realize . 
  if you hear in the news that people one continent away are suffering , you will not really get much attention . 
  well that 's their choice . 
  it does n't stop us from taking this action . 
   that 's only speculation . 
  well i see canada that has taken mainly family groups has n't really had anything like the problems seen in europe to my knowledge . 
   the issue is the funding again . 
  the countries that were yelling `` we will take no refugees , fund the camps in the region instead '' ( looking at you , eastern europe ) are not only unwilling to take in refugees , they are also very reluctant to provide funding for the region . 
  such is life , trying to pressure them to do so will only create backlash as has been seen , they are just not going to go for this . 
  also them not wanting to get involved does n't stop western europe from doing what i suggest . 
   it is accurate that every euro spent here could accomplish multiple times as much if it was spent in the region , but the spending would not have been comparable . 
  not even close . 
  that 's political reality . 
  additionally , for example lebanon could not house much more refugees . 
  well the spending would be even more if there was less refugees to spend money on here . 
  also lebanon could possibly host more if there was un or eu involvement to help provide security and logistics and if funding was massively stepped up . 
  we could really take the burden off them . 
  they ( and other countries like jordan ) are already massively suffering with infrastructure and funding problems and would likely jump at the chance for a massive increase in funding and support . 
  the jordanian king has already asked for major assistance and said if he is expected to keep them there he wants more economic aid . 
   as i said , this is all fair and well , but unrealistic unless you have a chance to establish the infrastructure for such a scheme . 
  which seems pretty remote at the moment , especially given the tensions with turkey . 
  the tensions with turkey gives more reason why the boat stuff needs to be ended now . 
  if tomorrow they said `` yeah we are n't going to do shit to prevent boat departures and will actively encourage it '' they could cause massive issues and destabilize europe . 
  but good thing is that they are n't the only country that we can deal with . 
   just stop it all together . 
  the real poor ones ca n't afford the trip ( physically , economically ) but should be cared for first . 
  and the only way to do that is by spending money near them so food and safety can come to them instead of vice versa . 
  i agree kinda , there should be more funding for the camps for sure . 
  and with a large amount of funding offered to the host countries i 'm sure we could come to an arrangement to deport people to the camps . 
  i do think we should take some refugee families though to help take pressure off the countries with a lot of refugees and with screening i doubt there would be the same issues there are now . 
  it would n't be mainly just men and instead would be families so that 's a great improvement . 
   first they leave their families behind , apparently in a dangerous area , and now they demand that they come too .
