  everyone is dependent on foreign trade , we live in a globalised economy . 
  also yeah they may not be a big player on the world stage but that 's hardly a big deal or something that ends up really negative for them . 
  i do n't care if some random countries think i 'm relevant and a big deal if i have good living standards and a decent government . 
   whether that model would make for a successful nordic union in the current day , i could n't say . 
  i think it could if they were all up for it . 
  though due to close ties to the eu it would be very difficult to untangle all that and then go a different way . 
  or maybe you could make a third choice , you do n't enforce quotas but instead give tax breaks and what not to help encourage the industry to develop . 
   i 'd rather live in a western style democracy based on the enlightenment values with a few hundred terrorist death here and there each year than live in a police state shithole that is `` perfectly safe for your children '' ten times over . 
  and i 'd rather live in a place where that is n't what you have to choose between . 
   which ones ? 
  you keep being vague . 
  the few notable exceptions might be countries which benefit from their location to be a financial hub / tax haven like luxembourg , switzerland , liechtenstein , singapore . 
  and the first three are either eu members or have very close ties to it . 
  taiwan might be a notable exception . 
  well new zealand , taiwan as you said , south korea ( is relatively small compared to the big players in that region and smaller population and economy than the uk ) and so on . 
  none of them are in some kind of political union . 
  by that other persons weird view on international relations all of the smaller countries would be dominated and would have no say at all in anything . 
  sure there are alliances but they still get plenty of independence and do well for themselves . 
  so there is no reason why some theoretical nordic union could n't do the same . 
   well , if they were in the eu , they would have a voice , but because they are n't , they will have to deal with it now ... 
  if they were in the eu they would have very little voice being such a small country . 
  also a lot of the things they are protective of like fishing would be open to competition and that would kill the local norwegian fishing industry also there would be a load more things they would have to abide by . 
  there is a reason that joining the eu is massively unpopular there . 
  also yes they will have to deal with it , though the strong arming will have blow-back . 
  there is already changes politically as the norwegian people have mentioned with people turning more against the eea and wanting renegotiation . 
  well i think it 's both , there is an element of protectionism but also there is an element of safety because norway has very very high standards of safety when it comes to this . 
  a standard that other countries do n't have to the same level . 
  and when it comes to peoples safety you do n't want to take any chances . 
  the joy of the eu , if you do something they disagree with they strong arm you , even if it puts people at risk . 
  there is a reason oil unions , companies and so on said this directive was a bad idea , it 's because it puts them at risk . 
  i expected better from the eu to be honest but maybe i am a fool . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  though the two accidents you mentioned were using different helicopters , though they are related with one being the successor to the other . 
   i 'm not as sure as / u/thorbee [ +64 ] that this signals any real change in policy towards the eea , though . 
  what are the details of this refusal ? 
  like does norway have a veto and has used it or is it just flat out refusing to do this even though they may be obligated to under the treaty rules ? 
   the world changes . 
  just because war used to be fought with sticks then it does n't mean it will always continue to be fought with sticks . 
  yes and also just because some people think a certain way is the future , does n't mean it is . 
   because we would be utterly dominated by their economies ? 
  not really , as i said , plenty of smaller countries do well for themselves and are n't dominated . 
  you seem to have a weird few of international trade that if you are n't part of a union like the eu suddenly you are the worlds bitch and ca n't make any decisions or have a good economy . 
  tell that to the rest of the world that does n't have something like the eu . 
   at least with the eu we can define our own fate . 
  well as this article shows , not really . 
  the eu will push you around if what you decide is your fate is n't something they agree with . 
  trading blocs sure but not a political union on the level of the eu , they are still very much separate countries just with some trade barriers removed in certain areas . 
   being a nation of about 30 million will not make much of a difference when we negotiate with juggernauts like china , india and the us . 
  we need the eu for that . 
  why ? 
  plenty of smaller countries do fine and do n't end up fucked over and even thrive . 
  i do n't see why it would be different for some theoretical nordic group . 
  from what i understand it opens the north sea chopper routes to eu companies but one of the issues is that the oversight will be done by these companies in whatever their home nation is . 
  this bothers noway because they feel that there should be norwegian oversight because they know the area better and have more experience with the helicopter operations in the north sea which can have dangerous conditions . 
  so there will be more risk if for example a spanish company handles the trips which does n't have the same experience in dealing with the north sea conditions , handles the route . 
  you already basically call your currency the same name, 
  it 's a good idea and we could call it the british empire 2.0 . 
   one day a storm blew of the canvas covering the radar dome , and it was revealed that it pointed straight at a nearby russian submarine base . 
  russia was less than pleased lol have you got an article for this ? 
   i do n't think all this is a coincidence , when people see that things are worse than before , they tend to blame someone . 
  nowadays , the easiest target to do that is the eu . 
  well from what they have posted it seems this is more that there are issues taken with specific directives coming from the eu which is pissing off norway . 
  so it does n't seem like it 's just coming out of nowhere . 
  well we along with norway and switzerland are going to form our own eu with blackjack and hookers . 
  alright bud, 
  well believe what yo want , you clearly have no idea about the current situation, 
  well it 's one thing to not be confident in them keeping their word and a whole another to think they are close to invading a country which they generally have pretty good relations with in recent times . 
   better let the door open and let 's the uk deal with it 's own shit at this point . 
  we could just pass a law saying any ferry or train that brings over people without the valid papers faces a massive fine . 
  same thing they do for airports i think . 
  then the industry would just do the border checks themselves . 
  also imagine the blowback if you do n't do checks and just let people through and someone who goes through commits a terrorist attack . 
  well clearly you do n't know the situation very well . 
  it 's already settled that if northern ireland votes for unification then the uk will accept that . 
  we are n't going to invade ireland over this . 
   what i mean is that a democratic process which allows the pm to call an election whenever she wants to ( when the polls are in her favor ) is flawed . 
  good thing that 's not how it works , she needs the backing of parliament in a super majority to call a snap election . 
  not really the most favourable , they would be better with labour due to it 's leader 's anti-nato viewpoints and what not . 
  it 's smart to be honest , hack some files and then throw in some fake stuff . 
  the real leaked files adds legitimacy to the fake files that can be added in later . 
  maybe the point is to destabilise instead of making macron lose . 
  with there already being protests against the candidates this could be an attempt to encourage that more and throw more fuel on the fire . 
  it 's almost as if this is some targeted hack to help out a certain candidate, 
   people budge when their wallets and groceries get hit . 
  that 's what sanctions do . 
  or they double down because they feel like they are under attack and therefore are more susceptible to nationalist rhetoric . 
  i should add that in, 
  well it 's often not about gdp by itself by the growth of the gdp , so i assume this is talking about growth levels in the euro area . 
  hollande has just come out saying the attack was `` terrorist in nature '' so yeah it seems this is a terrorist attack, 
  the bbc has said that was a false report so it may of just been something reported in the confusion, 
  well people are n't purely logical robots , we are emotional beings after all . 
  people have always been more bothered by intentional harm rather than harm by accident . 
  it 's reported they got out of the car and instantly shot at police so either it is a terrorist attack or a terribly planned robbery . 
  yeah it is ridiculous how much focus they are giving his tweet, 
  yeah reuters has reported on this https://twitter.com/reuters/status/855148807012659200 there is also reuters reporting that police were targeted https://twitter.com/reuters/status/855150770353786880 it 's very much up in the air at the moment, 
  there are reports that this could be an armed robbery gone wrong, 
  there will always be more recruits to do such things , things like this are the new normal it seems, 
  i think the other dead person reported is the gunman not the other police officer, 
  one police officer has been killed sadly ~ ~ edit : shots fired at new location according to reuters https://twitter.com/reuters/status/855152469629861893~~ this is now claimed to be a false report by the bbc edit : ~ ~ one of the wounded officers has also died unfortunately according to reuters https://twitter.com/reuters/status/855155372071452673~~ now reuters have back tracked on this saying there has n't been a second death , they really need to check their sources https://twitter.com/reuters/status/855161650713964549 edit : reuters have now reported the french police have issued an arrest warrant for a second suspect who came in on the train from belgium . 
  reuters have got a fair bit wrong as you can see so take this with a grain of salt .
