  just like say how welsh is treated as an official language in wales . 
  read the casualties and losses section on the side , it has around 18,000 civilians killed by turkey going from independent reports . 
  that has the majority killed being killed by the turkish state with a lot of them being civilians . 
   kurds used to be more oppressed in the past , not anymore . 
  well supposedly there are still abuses going on in the kurdish areas where the conflict is heavy . 
  though admittedly it 's not as bad as it was in the old days . 
   this is literally no different than turks in bulgaria . 
  the socialist bulgarian government used to oppress turks . 
  forced them to get bulgarian names , repressed their religious views , their language , et cetera . 
  they never resorted to committing terror . 
  well actually there were supposedly some militant attacks and clashes . 
  though nothing on the scale of the stuff in turkey . 
  also even if they did n't take up arms on a large scale does n't mean you ca n't understand when such a thing would happen elsewhere . 
  the ira resorted to terror but i still empathise with their motives , just not their methods . 
  and it was talks with them and allowing them a seat at the table that ended the conflict in northern ireland . 
   now that 's over , bulgaria follows a more progressive policy towards turks . 
  so does turkey towards kurds . 
  the average kurd has the exact rights a turk does . 
  i study in one of turkey 's top universities and a lot of my colleagues are kurds who are well integrated . 
  does the kurdish language and culture have the same rights as the turkish language and culture ? 
  also even if there has been progress does n't mean people forget what happened in the past . 
  there will still be people who remember and there will still be bad blood . 
  also i imagine all those people who were forced from their villages are still pissed and would ideally like to return . 
   then you 've read jack shit . 
  most of those deaths are dead soldiers , cops and pkk militants well according to independent reports there are around 18,000 to 20,000 civilians killed . 
  as well as a fuck ton of villages destroyed . 
   most pkk militants are politically confused young people so i pity them well i guess it 's not hard to get people to pick up a gun when there is a history of widespread abuses and suppression of kurdish culture . 
  not really , from what i 've read the majority of deaths in the pkk - turkey conflict were people killed by the turkish state . 
  also atrocities by the turkish state were widespread , so it 's no surprise there is a strong insurgency . 
   so we do n't want an organisation that killed 40,000 people of us from getting stronger , fuck us right ? 
  where are you getting the count of 40,000 killed from ? 
   maybe because we do n't want either side to gain too much power . 
  pkk has been waging terror in turkey since 70 's , they 've caused the death of more than 35,000 people , the majority of that 35,000 count was people killed by the turkish state with loads of summary executions and villages destroyed . 
  to be honest it 's no surprise there is an insurgency with all the shit that was done to the kurds . 
  it reminds me a lot of the troubles in northern ireland to be honest . 
  well yeah it 's not going to be a war because none of this will happen . 
  it 's in no ones interest that relationships go to shit . 
  it would cause massive economic repercussions for everyone . 
  also you 're kidding yourself if you do n't think there would be major impacts for both parties involved . 
  the ferries are n't going anywhere silly goose , they will just do more passport checks . 
  it 's just like with airports . 
  well yeah they often try and get around them by boarding lorries to avoid the checks . 
  that calais jungle is pretty much a staging area for them to attempt this . 
  they do n't really try and board the ferries normally apart from every now and then when they break into the terminal and try and get onto the ferry causing all kinds of mayhem . 
  really this whole thing is a policing issue and until the french government polices the area more heavily this will always be an issue . 
  well france owns a big stake of eurostar , but even if they did n't it would n't matter . 
  the private companies would do passport checks themselves to avoid the fines and prevent people from boarding the ferries and trains with plans to illegally enter the uk . 
   remember the 14h wait for britishs citizens to get to france for holidays this summer ? 
  well imagine the same thing for your vegetables . 
  or imagine we just do n't let you enter france ? 
  you want a trade war because that 's how you get a trade war . 
  and that 's a terrible thing for everyone . 
  well you would just need to extend it to the ferries so there would be passport checks when boarding them . 
  then there is just the people trying to get into the lorries that would be an issue but they are always going to be doing that in calais unless the french government cracks down on it . 
   what you gon na do ? 
  fine the ferry and train companies for every illegally entry just as with airliners so they will begin doing passport and visa checks before allowing anyone to even get on the train . 
  and we will by holding ferry companies and train companies like eurostar liable for any illegal entry just as what happens with airports . 
  so they wo n't allow people to board without passport and visa checks . 
  it would n't get bankrupted , they 'll just start requiring passport checks and a valid visa before allowing boarding just as airports do , it 's simple really . 
  no idea , he just turned up dead . 
  that 's just a silly conspiracy not remotely based in reality . 
  you 're confusing two different suspicious deaths , there was david kelly who was a critic of the iraq war who was found dead supposedly of suicide and there was that mi6 guy who was found dead in the suitcase because he supposedly locked himself into it . 
  that 's talking about that attack on a train in bavaria last month not this attack . 
  no motive has been reported at the moment , that will come out later when the police investigate the perpetrator . 
  [ here is an article with more details ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?tl=en-us&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.20min.ch%2fschweiz%2fnews%2fstory%2fmann-greift-zugpassagiere-an--ndash--7-verletzte-21309055 ) , initial reports say they are a 27 year old swiss person . 
  i hope the police officers will be alright with no serious injuries . 
  it 's just a drop of coverage and nothing serious, 
  it 's offshoot of pkk . 
  they are suicide bombing us . 
  they may be useful for you since they are fighting is but they are dangerous for turks , bunch of sociopaths who want to kill innocent turkish people . 
  terrorism is a method , not an ideology . 
  there are no good terrorists . 
  it 's associated with the pkk but they are n't the same group . 
  the ypg themselves have n't used many shitty methods in syria and are by far the best force there with the sdf . 
  if the us applied pressure and told them to separate more from the pkk as a pre condition for better support and turkey would accept them as long as ties with the pkk were fully severed it could be a pretty good solution for all . 
  and isis is dangerous for turks too as well as to everyone else and any minorities in the region . 
  they need to be destroyed urgently and there is no one else to do it really . 
   we are talking about a foreign entity supporting the ira because they fight `` a bigger evil . '', 
  i certanly did n't appiciate the western support for ypg when their sister organization bombed the next station while i was on the metro . 
  oh fair does my mistake i thought you were talking about the whole idea of negotiations with the ira . 
  well i do think that western support should come with strings that they cut ties with the pkk and make greater efforts to distance themselves . 
  but the turkish government should also make an effort to negotiate with them and make guarantees to leave them alone if this happens . 
  the problem they are needed to fight isis and they are the best actors in the regions by far . 
  sure they are n't perfect but who else is there ? 
   i think you would have a different opinion about that `` ira deal '' if you lived in belfast . 
  well they held a referendum on the good friday agreement and the majority supported it . 
  people wanted peace in the end of the day , i 'd rather deal with them and have peace than have no negotiations and war . 
  even if there may have to be concessions . 
   us withdrawn its `` public '' support . 
  they are still supporting those rebels . 
  for example watch this video from 2:50 to see how us operates in jordan ( nsfw after couple of minutes ) : https://videopress.com/v/zfi1ol7w i ca n't watch a video i 'm on my mobile and on phone data . 
  also there may still be some back channel support because the us still loves itself some regime change but generally they have withdrawn a lot of support and even bombed al-nusra in some cases . 
   hard to agree with you . 
  since you live in a relatively safe place to live , you may think like that however when anti-tank missiles starts to flying and killing your soldiers , nobody gives a shit about greater evil . 
  well we came to being a safer place by negotiating and having to sit down with our enemies . 
  even allowing a referendum so the people in northern ireland can decide their own fate . 
  well i would say the ypg are a separate group with ties to the pkk but regardless , i 'm just pointing out the hypocrisy . 
   i believe , powerful european countries and us supported those factions in syria as well . 
  the thing is , you do n't know who is al-nusra or who is fsa at that region . 
  they do n't have ids or uniforms .
