   no i 'm saying you can not alude to `` the rights of nations to selfdtermination '' eithout actualy acking that nation . 
  well you do n't ask the whole nation , you ask the relevant party . 
  the whole of the uk does n't get to vote on scotland for example . 
   im also saying spliting any part of serbia away from serbia would be a crime . 
  so then there should n't be a vote because the law matters more than the peoples opinion ? 
   conpanies vote in lord mayor of london and other representatives just as the population does . 
  and they have more votes than the population . 
  huh i did n't know about the lord mayor , kinda confusing to have that and a mayor of london as well . 
  i just thought there was just the mayor . 
   befor any intervention the securety council has to alowe it . 
  just as natos intervention in the 90s was denied , so would it be this time around . 
  but what 's to stop a new un intervention also being denied ? 
   exactly the council will always rule against actions against serbia . 
  it would also veto any new un invasion to put kosovo part of serbia again . 
   its better than 2 branches . 
  if you say so , though i dunno how true that is . 
   low level , you can bribe the post office but you cant bribe a judge . 
  sure you can , also i doubt you 'd need a bribe . 
  just get a judge who does n't like albanians . 
  judges are n't immune to bias just as the average citizen is . 
   the courts are independant and serbia guarantees human rights . 
  well sorry if recent history makes me a little skeptical , there would need to be independent groups involved in such a thing to ensure that it 's fair . 
   as far as i know yes . 
  they have to have their own paprs and swere that they are teling the trutha and sign papers . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's something you have to apply for and be recognized by the government . 
  from what i read notaries are recognized by the government . 
  though i dunno the serbian legal system when it comes to this . 
   you missed point 2 . 
  it does aply in many instances still , despite the de facto control of nato backed seperatist . 
  but i imagine kosovo id papers are an entirely different thing . 
   they will welcome you with open hands . 
  come restart the empire . 
  eh i 'd rather just go on holiday  they do , because such is your law . 
  well the law was changed for the referendum . 
   these days pri\u0161tina is les `` lets agree to do this '' and more `` do this or else '' . 
  well relations are n't exactly good and either part is n't exactly feeling anything nice towards the other . 
   that can not happen . 
  it would be ilegal . 
  so you complain about the population not having a say but then say if their say did n't go your way you 'd just ignore it anyway . 
   you mean like how conpanies have more vote in the city of london than the inhabitants ? 
  the constitution says kosovo is an authonomous region . 
  and so it is . 
  what do you mean more vote ? 
  more influence i think you mean and if you watched the news recently you 'd have seen the backlash that has happened in the uk due to a lot of the population feeling ignored . 
   hes just keeping quiet on nato isue . 
  also without usa in naot nato would desolve and eu army would be created . 
  well we shall see , but i 'm betting on a backtrack . 
   uk and france would n't be strong enouth or have the balls to go against the un . 
  in this instance both csto and china would be expected to put in force , russia is today a strong nation unlike in the 90 and china has a vested interest in the 1st country of the new silk road . 
  how would you get a un vote ? 
  first there is the security council to worry about , also there is the fact that a massive chunk of it has recognized kosovo , 56.8 % of it in fact . 
   the fact we ( unlike the brits ) have 3 branches of `` goverment '' . 
  it the `` police '' would not acept that it would go to the courts potentialy where ti would be proven or disproven . 
  and that somehow makes it immune to abuse ? 
  serbia already has corruption issues and you think somehow the legal system will prevail when it comes to judging a people that a lot of the population has intense dislike for and a vested interest in getting rid of ? 
   they just have to say the know you and that you are so and so . 
  so any random person can do it ? 
   1 ) serbian law stil aplies in the southen region of serbia 2 ) it is also required by local law to cary papers at all times . 
  maybe in your head , but it de facto does n't apply at all . 
   you are free to invade albania in the proces . 
  tempting but not worth the drama . 
   no it does not . 
  all those cases are setled as national minoreties . 
  they have minorety rights and that that . 
  slovenes in austria ca n't up and decide to declare independance . 
  as i said it depends on the case , for scotland for example i think they have the right to vote and get independence if they choose it . 
   a referendum was n't even done for independence . 
  do you realy think pri\u0161tina will do it now that they have eu on their side ? 
  possibly if there was agreement by all sides for it . 
  for example if serbia and russia said they would respect the results and grant full recognition if the result did n't go their way . 
   the populations has no say . 
  it would be ilegal to change its status . 
  ignoring the population of a place is never a good idea . 
   not if donald delivers on his promisses . 
  he 's already backtracking on that . 
  also serbia is n't exactly strong enough to take even just france or the uk . 
  now if russia got involved maybe . 
   the law is clear on that too . 
  if you are in the registry and bring i believe two sworn witheses to the `` police '' you can have your papers reisued . 
  this is standard practice . 
  my great grandmother did this ( shes from central serbia ) because her documents didnt match the registy . 
  yeah and such a thing would never be abused . 
  what 's to stop the serbian goverment just saying `` yeah the witness is n't good '' and denying all reissues ? 
  who defines the sworn witnesses that are valid ? 
   unlike the uk all people within serbian borders are required to cary their documentation at all times . 
  as is the law in many countries . 
  yeah but when kosovo was made independent serbia law stopped being the de facto law so i doubt most people worried about it . 
   its a free mine , what else do you want ? 
  put captured albanians to worke it , you are good at that beaches for nice holiday homes . 
   in albania yes . 
  in kosovo also . 
   rusines are a majorety in some parts of romunia , can they break away ? 
  how about the hungarians in some parts of serbia ? 
  or the slovens in austria ? 
  it depends really , every case is different . 
   perhaps , but by letting him stay will give short term stability , the long term dictatorship is pretty bad . 
  and you thing what takes over from assad will be anything different ? 
  the majority of the rebel groups are n't exactly pushing for democracy . 
   this is definitely the biggest issue , but i 'd rather have good long-term syria than stable-now but how would it be better in the long term , the majority of the rebel groups are n't exactly pushing for democracy and there is the issue of ethnic cleansing by the islamist groups of religious groups like the christians and alawites . 
   really , it depends on if erdogan can get western support .
