   nationalism is the unconditional love towards your own state/nation , wanting to preserve it , even when better alternatives exist . 
  such thinking is very detrimental . 
  i would n't say it 's detrimental as long as it 's not taken to extremes . 
  all the best nations to live in are nations with a strong national identity . 
   believing europe , and in the future the entire world will become more unified is rubbish ? 
  i do n't understand why people still linger in age old ideas that make no sense in todays globalized world , such as nationalism . 
  the whole world will never be unified , people will always form groups . 
  to try and erase their group identity will just create strong pushback and cause issues including even conflict . 
  the only way i could see the world unifying is if aliens turned up because then we would have the aliens as the out group and being human would become more of a proper identity . 
   he had alliance with ussr as well  the alliance with the ussr was a different type of situation . 
  hitler always planned to take on the ussr , he was just binding for time until he was ready . 
   eventually it would be a war . 
  it 's the logical next step after conquering the continent . 
  not really , at least hitler did n't see it that way . 
  he never wanted war with britain , he hoped we would just sit by . 
  hell even that crazy high ranking nazi guy parachuted into britain to try and make peace . 
  well britain could hardly take on the ussr and the nazis at the same time . 
  hard choices had to be made . 
  hitler was pretty open to peace with the uk and maybe even an alliance before it became clear that we would n't just stand by and declared war . 
  well when the ussr pushed the germans out of somewhere they did n't exactly free and liberate the country . 
  they took over themselves instead . 
  it is sometimes used as a political tool sure but that does n't mean it is n't genocide and every time it 's mentioned is just because someone is out to get turkey . 
  there is bias when it comes to acknowledging atrocities without a doubt . 
  but the atrocities in the congo are n't widely accepted as meeting the requirements for genocide , though i would say that better acknowledgement of the atrocities committed is needed . 
  well the armenian genocide is widely accepted as meeting the requirements of being a genocide by historians , yet turkey seems to throw a fuss whenever it is acknowledged as such . 
   would you be okay with nazi germany if they did n't kill the jews ? 
  of course not , it was just one of his many crimes . 
   there were lots of european monarchs , heads of states who killed way more people than hitler like who ? 
  i ca n't think of any intentional genocides that were way more than hitlers . 
   but they are never mentioned for a reason therefore i conclude that hitler is n't the most hated person just because he killed the jews but the destruction he brought to europe . 
  the destruction brought is also a reason he 's hated . 
  there is plenty of reasons to hate him to be honest . 
   also he might have the record numbers but he wasnt the only asshole in europe who genocide the innocent jews . 
  of course , there were many atrocities committed against jewish people in europe . 
  well genocide is a weird legal term that has lots of requirements that need to be met . 
  but if it meets all of those then yeah they should acknowledge it , they do acknowledge other crimes committed so that 's a good thing , though i would say there is still plenty more to be done . 
  well in the modern age i hope we have moved on from such things . 
  but in the past when there were massacres of civilian settlers by native americans i do see them as something that 's kinda expected when you invade and colonize land , not ok by any means but yeah it 's expected . 
   all i am saying is every empire abused its power and oppressed minorities . 
  ottomans were n't an exception so your arguement is invalid . 
  what about their argument is invalid ? 
  they are right that the members of an oppressive ruling class often get little sympathy when the tides turn and the oppressed gets the upper hand and there is often massacres and ethnic cleansing of that group . 
  it 's happened elsewhere too it 's not just something unique to the ottomans , for example look what happened to the european christians in algeria , not as many massacres but they were driven out that 's for sure . 
   yeah we had no economy , millions of turks in the balkans were n't civilians they were all soliders and legitimate targets . 
  they may of been civilians , not legitimate targets and it was n't a good thing by any means , but when the conquered nation after years of oppression gets it 's independence do n't expect it took look at the colonizer too kindly . 
  it 's why all over the world when conquered nations and peoples get their independence or even during rebellions there are often massacres . 
  because when they spend years taking a kicking they tend to lash out when given the chance . 
   why ? 
  anyone can say that the civilian population germany lost during ww2 amounts to genocide ? 
  then why apply the same term to ww1 ? 
  double standarts much ? 
  not a double standard you just do n't understand what genocide means . 
  pro tip , it does n't just mean a lot of people died . 
   its only genocide or big deal if its against christians . 
  of course , it 's not like the most known and recognized genocide is of a non-christian religion ... . oh wait, 
  we are just going to have to agree to disagree on this because we clearly have very different views about this matter . 
   the problem in europe is n't that a whole bunch of children of immigrants desperately want to be accepted as local ( germans , french etc , ) , but the locals do n't accept them as such . 
  that is actually an issue , i 've met a fair few people from immigrant families where they have issues being accepted because they are always seen as the other no matter how much they try and fit in . 
   they do n't give their children local names , they do n't encourage them to mix and marry with locals , they do n't abandon the identity , religion , traditions and history of their parents , etc. 
  so they are meant to just give up everything ? 
  i agree they should make an effort to fit in but expecting them to just abandon any and all familial history and even their family name is ridiculous . 
   what you bring up is the age old question of whether a nation can be formed from various , quite different regions , or must those regions achieve independence and be a nation in their own . 
  well generally all those different groups were often forced together . 
  like england used to be many separate kingdoms but were united due to wars and what not . 
  and i guess after a long enough time people got used to it and saw themselves as english . 
   but the fact remains - saami people are belong to one racial group , one cultural group and one identity . 
  so too the sicilians . 
  so too the basque . 
  or the polish . 
  well actually there are different sami cultures i think . 
  i know there is more than one language . 
   call it a nation or call it a regional group if you want - the native people of europe have not historically been mixed groups of multi-racial individuals from all over the world , not all over the world sure , but from various groups all over europe . 
  hell in my country alone we had the romans , the saxons , the vikings and probably some more i ca n't remember . 
  after time all these various groups who decided to stay were merged into english . 
  also what do you mean by multi racial ? 
  do you mean ethnicities or race as in black , white and what not . 
  i agree , it should be up to the people of the nation to decide one way or the other using democracy . 
   every european nation belongs to to only one particular race , cultural group and identity , that 's a historical fact , not an opinion that 's not really fact , for example the scandinavian nations have the sami people , italy has sicilians and so on . 
  many nations have different minorities and are n't just purely one ethnicity . 
  i would say cultural aspects matter more than any ancestry a person may have . 
  if you 're first generation here but accept your new nation , learn the language , follow the laws and try and take part in society then that 's good enough for me . 
   you have very fair points , but i feel the same objections could be made even about national governments . 
  do some people manage to vote twice ? 
  yes . 
  can the elected government turn a republic into a dictatorship ? 
  yes . 
  well in real world there are ways to counter those things , checks and balances and all that stuff . 
  but on reddit there is n't really any options , it 's tough shit if someone takes over the subreddit , there is nothing that could be done . 
  the admins wo n't help that 's for sure so we 'd be stuck with whoever decides to keep the subreddit no matter what . 
   i agree the method is not bulletproof1 , but would n't you agree it is orders of magnitude more democratic than the one we currently have to elect moderators ? 
  well at current there is no democracy , reddit is n't set up like that . 
  the top mod is king with the current system , if they want to ban the letter f from being used they could . 
  at any point the new top mod elected ( if the top mod even goes for this ) could cancel any future election and do whatever they want with the subreddit . 
   but to be honest , it would be hard to maintain two active accounts in / r/europe and have sufficient karma in both . 
  let 's say you need 5k to enter the list and maybe even 1k each year to remain in the elector list . 
  i doubt many people would have more than one vote . 
  well the people who really care about rigging the outcome are likely to be the types to have multiple accounts and spend way to much time on reddit . 
  so it would n't be as hard for them . 
  what did dr666 do that was so bad ? 
  i 'm curious how things were behind the scenes , were they just really arbitrary with the rules and what not .
