  there are no in between choices !!, 
  it 's going to be interesting in say twenty years to look back at what people thought things will be like now and how it compares to how things are . 
  whichever way things go a lot of people are going to look mighty stupid . 
  well i 'm sure every british man and woman will do their part for queen and country and try and eat more so we can become number 1 . 
  yeah but what is n't, 
  i 'm just surprised we are n't already, 
  so i assume you point is that the regions that are majority serb should be part of serbia so does that mean you would also agree that majority albanian areas should be part of albania and so on ? 
  that 's not really true , supposedly libya did it because they were pissed at the us . 
  but the facts in that attack are by no means clear . 
  i think it does yeah, 
  what the fuck happened in 1993 ? 
  they were serious and they threatened people . 
  london is a big fucking place , your chances of bumping into them when they were active is pretty minimal . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was just a few areas they were active in anyway and i 'm pretty sure it was n't anywhere central because they probably would of been jumped by drunk people if they tried that shit near clubs and what not . 
   how would the sharia squads impose their values ? 
  i am genuinely curious , i have never heard of anything as that . 
  it was pretty much just some idiots going round to people and saying stuff like `` oh you ca n't drink here , it 's a sharia zone '' . 
   their holy book says `` kill all the unbelievers '' and a certain portion of muslims take their holy book literally . 
  that 's not even remotely true , there may be plenty of shitty things in the quran but that is n't one of them . 
  i would say that 's our christian heritage but i would n't say that makes us a christian nation . 
  there are still a fair few pagan celebrations done but that does n't make anywhere a pagan nation . 
   and you sometimes have sharia squads going on streets in the uk and imposing their values on others . 
  that was just like one time by some idiots most likely for publicity who got arrested soon after . 
  it is by no means anything even remotely common . 
   more broadly speaking it 's a moral thing : care about the victims first . 
  but often it 's from the caring that ideas are expressed because they think such actions would prevent the next victims , whether that action is gun control or whatever . 
   the same you could also see in the netherlands whenever a dead soldier would return from afghanistan for example : talking about the course of that mission was certainly not done directly after that happened . 
  well that is only due to the low amount of casualties , if the war was more intense and the deaths higher then there would n't be time to not talk about the mission for a day . 
  i just do n't like the whole idea of hyping that up , i do n't want christian authorities having any power and i want the state and religion separated . 
  we should be more focusing on how secularism and the enlightenment helped form our laws because that 's when most of the better ideals and laws came about . 
   tell potential immigrants that europe is a christian continent , and that they must respect that . 
  fuck that , secularism all the way , none of this christian nation shit . 
  i disagree they are just tools to make a point , it 's more that if you think there is a direct cause for the deaths then you would want to point to that and change it to prevent such things happening again . 
  now peoples reasoning may be shitty and a lot of stupid ideas are expressed in the immediate aftermath often but it 's more from emotion than just coldly using the dead as tools for your agenda . 
   while by thursday nobody will be talking about the victims anymore , not many people are doing that as of right now . 
  everyone seems to exploit what happened here for political gain - and that strikes me as rather disgusting . 
  what do you expect though , people not to talk politically about an issue that killed a load of people ? 
  these kind of events have a massive political effect so it 's stupid to expect people to not talk about them politically . 
  and stockholm was n't really a mass casualty attack , it was just some idiot who managed to only blow himself up . 
   who says they did n't plan this attack months ago and that they just moved the plans forward due to their concern of abdeslam snitching on them ? 
  not me because i mentioned that being possible . 
   how do you know for sure that this particular terror cell is n't investigating and making terror plans on multiple target locations and just picking the most promising one ? 
  they probably did do that , but i imagine they would do some research on possible targets and then focus on some rather than just picking the target on the day . 
   and may i remind you that over 200 muslims rioted against the police , throwing stones and destroying property as revenge against the police raid ? 
  those assholes were not happy , so who 's to say that this was not a revenge attack ? 
  well the organisation of these kinda attacks take time , so it 's not something that you can just pull off overnight . 
  i imagine when more facts come out we shall see that this attack was planned before the arrest . 
  the victims are n't the same though . 
  in the past the main target of groups was often the state so they would target police , army and so on . 
  civilian causalities would be a secondary effect rather than the primary aim of the attack . 
  now the target are just civilians in general and the aim is to kill as many as possible . 
  that 's why the death toll in attacks like the paris attacks and this one are so much higher than most attacks in the past . 
  also the ideology makes a massive difference , with communism and what not the general aim is to win the people to your cause . 
  so a communist or anarchist terrorist group generally would n't just go out to kill as many civilians as possible , they would mainly target the state because that is what they aim to overthrow . 
  i doubt it was a revenge attack , attacks like this take time to plan so it would of been in the making before he was even arrested . 
  maybe it was rushed a bit due to them worrying about abdeslam talking though . 
  but that single event is part of a greater trend . 
  the trend of terrorist attacks now being purely targeted at civilians with the intent to kill as many as possible . 
  so while the overall level of attacks has decreased the severity of a possible attack has increased because groups like isis do n't care about civilians casualties and see that as the aim of the attack . 
  earlier you mentioned the basque and corsicans groups , when they did attacks they never reached the same intensity and death toll as the november paris attacks because they were generally more targeted . 
  they would n't do an attack with the intention of killing as many civilians as possible like groups do now so that what makes the groups now be seen as so much more dangerous . 
  it was n't always like this , terrorism has changed . 
  it used to be that groups like the ira , eta and so on would at least make attempts to target specific people ( police , army and so on ) or give warnings and not just target civilians most times . 
  but now with this new wave of terrorism targeting civilians with the aim of killing as many as possible is how terrorism is done now by groups like isis . 
  so while there may be less attacks the overall severity of a single attack has gotten worse . 
  eta for example during their entire campaign from 1968 to now ( if they are even still going ) has killed around 343 civilians , more than half of that were killed in just the madrid bombings by al-qaeda , in just a single attack . 
  so i would say that while the overall level of attacks has decreased the severity of a terrorist attack has increased because now one attack can kill hundreds of people due to the willingness of the groups now days to just go after random civilians instead of any specific target . 
   possible , but this cant be changed anymore . 
  we are in the situation we are in . 
  yes , we could have acted much earlier , and not only in greece but also in italy . 
  nobody ( but the pope ) seriously gave a fuck about the arrivals in lampedusa . 
  everyone was like `` not my problem '' and that includes my country . 
  yeah , i guess we can all say what should of been done but the eu hardly runs smooth so i doubt half my ideas would actually be possible in reality . 
   if you are running an election campaign warning of some alleged dangers , i would say that the fear was artificially created . 
  plus it is a widespread observation that the people who have the least contact with people of this kind are the most afraid of them . 
  i disagree , you tap into the fear already there , you do n't create it out of nothing . 
   as i said , the first safe country is still a thing . 
  the only reason why we could not send back to turkey so far was the lack of an agreement . 
  legally , it is fine . 
  i am not talking about sending back people to syria . 
  our constitution explicitly allows us to turn down people and deport them if they came via a third country that is safe for them . 
  essentially , this is supposed to be the country where they first entered the eu , but as i elaborated we can not deport to greece . 
  in this case , turkey will do . 
  well the deal is for every person deported a syrian will be accepted right ? 
  so deporting any syrian for the purpose of reducing numbers would be futile anyway . 
   the statement that dublin applies to syrians again was made months ago . 
  it just did not get a lot of feedback from the media . 
  there sure has been a lot of flip flopping during this crisis  it is , but we can also do this with the border arrivals by now . 
  we no longer have numbers that make this impossible . 
  it 's easier to have it done beforehand than to do it when they are already there though . 
   we are . 
  but it sometimes is troublesome to deport into some areas . 
  so the dirty job is handed off to turkey then . 
  this really seems like germany ( and others ) trying to keep their hands clean and letting turkey do the dirty job . 
   if it works out , it will greatly strenghten merkel domestically . 
  would it be right to say her political career hangs on whether this works out or not ? 
  i dunno that much about internal german politics . 
   the passage does not need to be open however . 
  the greek-macedonian border can remain closed , macedonia is not part of schengen and greece now has a way of getting ` rid ' of the refugees . 
  its pretty much a win for everybody .
