  well yeah i agree that is pretty daft , i would say it 's more an attack on the west in general . 
  the only attack i could say was specifically targeted at christians is that priest who was killed . 
   we are slowly turning into america . 
  let 's hope not but if there are more and more terrorist attacks you can expect more destabilization . 
   if we do nothing the is would dominate huge parts of the region . 
  quite a lot of their leaders are ex officers of sadams army , they know how to fight wars and lead a country . 
  you are way way overestimating the power of is . 
   umm i ca n't even figure out the meaning of this sentence silly goose  this makes more sense . 
  i guess we can agree on this point . 
  that was my overall point . 
  that it appears they were overly focused on this one guy . 
  but obviously nothing is confirmed so that 's why i use words like `` if '' and `` appears '' . 
   lol that 's not how it works man . 
  you are being unfair sure it is , this is a post-fair world bud . 
  well if they are telling the czech interior minister not to bother closing borders to prevent any escape then it seems they were pretty sure they got their man . 
  that 's a big if though . 
   they suspected it was him . 
  their communication was pretty clear . 
  read again what i put silly goose and try and figure out my meaning . 
  i said if the whole thing about them saying the czech republic does n't have to bother with border checks it sounds like they were overly certain to the determinant of the search . 
  i 'm not sure what they said is accurate , that 's why i say if . 
   oh come on , it just was a sentence . 
  i 've seen you complain about the same thing a couple of times . 
  so i 'm upgrading it to a rant . 
  also the whole post facts stuff is a pet peeve of mine because as i said , it 's hardly anything new . 
   no , it does n't sound like that . 
  nothing in their communication indicated that `` they really thought it was him '' . 
  well if what trax1 said is accurate then that makes it sounds like they thought it was him . 
   and people give me shit if i talk about the `` post-factual '' world . 
  maybe because you bring it up at random times , i 'm not talking about what the 100 % fact is . 
  i said this is what it sounds like , not that this is totally 100 % fact and i 'm totally right . 
  also the phrase is retarded anyway because it implies that it 's something new , it has been going on for ages . 
  but i guess that wo n't stop you having a rant about `` oh post facts world !!!!!, 
   they always said that they are investigating into every direction . 
  you really think they are that stupid ? 
  i dunno , i would hope not . 
  if what trax1 said about the german police supposedly telling the czech interior minister to not worry about closing the border because they got him is true then that sounds like they were overly focused on this one suspect . 
  it will all come out eventually . 
  of course they would n't say `` yeah this is the guy '' because he has n't been charged yet . 
  but what matters is if they really focused on this guy to the detriment of looking for more suspects . 
  well it 's awkward for the german police , it seems they really thought this was the guy and now it turns out that it may not be the right person and the real perpetrator is still out there . 
  it sounds like the german police put all their eggs in one basket and really thought the guy that witness followed was the one who did it . 
  well that 's fucking awkward , the actual driver could be out the country by now . 
  the death toll has n't come in fully yet , usually it 's low at the start and then rises when more people are checked and declared dead or die from injuries . 
  afp is reporting several dead unfortunately https://twitter.com/afp/status/810938194120282116, 
  the cameraman actually gets attacked it seems at around 3:23 , it seems people were angry at him for filming, 
  which video ? 
  could you link it ? 
  just coincidence , sometimes there are just shitty days, 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  there is a livestream from the scene https://www.periscope.tv/ltzgohawks/1rmgprjqqynxn, 
  it 's been reported in bild , here is a link http://www.bild.de/regional/berlin/weihnachtsmarkt/lkw-rast-in-menschenmenge-49397292.bild.html, 
  he has been shot dead, 
  would be a hell of a way to finish 2016 , it 's highly unlikely though . 
  the only way i could see it happening is if erdogan said something like `` lol i organized it , suck my balls russia '' . 
  it 's in the video of the incident so that 's confirmed . 
  it 's been linked a few times in this thread so you can find it if you 're curious . 
  what 's the source on his bodyguard killing him ? 
  if that 's true that is going to be serious and call into question the screening procedures for bodyguards and what not . 
  in this video you can hear what he says after , warning the footage shows the guy getting shot . 
   i 'm afraid of a circle where people are afraid , this leads to irrationally strong measures from the government , great speeches , lots of media attention , which in turn validates the fear of the people as it shows that this is a serious and dangerous problem , thus making people even more worried , etc. 
  it is an issue i agree , but it 's something that 's really hard to deal with . 
  you can not give it that much attention but then people could always turn to someone who says they will deal with it that could be even worse . 
  you just have to hope for terrorism to be stopped or greatly reduced so it 's less of a factor in peoples lives . 
  the fact is you can always get further appealing to peoples emotions than appealing to their logic . 
  you ca n't really fight this because in reality you 're just fighting the human condition . 
   that is obviously true , however should it dictate the policy of the government ? 
  because fear and unrest is a bad thing for a government . 
  and to ignore it will lead to more fear and unrest . 
  you need to show people that you 're doing something about it . 
   i understand that people are afraid of terrorism , but in my opinion this fear is irrational ( though perfectly human ) as it is completely disproportionate with the actual danger terrorism represents . 
  well people are n't perfectly rational , we are emotional and not cold logical beings . 
   i would even go as far as to say that this , in a way , acknowledges the power of terrorism and makes it stronger and more efficient as a weapon to destabilize societies . 
  it 's a powerful weapon regardless , there is a reason it is done , it 's because it 's effective . 
  even if it was n't acknowledged it would still have the same effects . 
   you 're far more likely to get involved in a car crash , alcohol related violence or suffer from heart disease/diabetes than a terror incident sure , but people have always been more afraid of harm done intentionally . 
  if say in a city you had ten deaths from car crashes and a serial killer who killed five people , people would fear the serial killer more . 
  so the issue is n't the deaths by itself but the destabilizing effect it can have on a country and the effects it has on the general population . 
   we already have the facilities up and running . 
  they just happen to be all over ( well , in parts of the ` all ' , at least ) . 
  concentrating them to one particular area is just unfair burden on the unlucky country who happens to have it and altogether an unrealistic dream that provides no benefits over the current reality of a very distant shot at equal burden sharing . 
  the facilities are n't compulsory and somewhere you ca n't leave though . 
  also it may not be fair but it will be better than the current situation . 
  with joint funding and support it will take a lot of the burden off the countries on the sea border to register and process the people arriving . 
   you ca n't know that . 
  they already know the rejection rate for italy is something like 90 % , yet they still come . 
  yeah because you can either just walk off the another country and try your luck there or just go into illegal work . 
   no one facility can hold many hundreds of thousands of people , not in conditions we 'd consider acceptable in europe and in a sustainable way we could create more facilities as necessary . 
  also if we have a fast tracked deportation system then we could quickly create space . 
  the numbers arriving would quickly reduce when they see that all they will get in just a stay in a holding facility and then deported . 
   the point of that is unsure as well , besides getting them out of your sight , out of your mind and letting ... who , italy ? 
  deal with it . 
  it would ideally be a joint eu effort , it would probably have a better chance of happening than the quota idea that has no chance of happening . 
  also the point of it is to remove all motivation for people to take the sea journey because all that 's going to happen is that they 'll end up in a holding facility and quickly deported unless their claim is valid . 
   the only way the trips can be considered unsuccessful while not letting people die is if libya is stabilized . 
  not really , you could either form a holding facility somewhere in europe or elsewhere that the migrants could n't leave and then do processing and either acceptation of claims or deportations . 
  kinda like what australia does but with better funding and care so the facilities are n't such shitholes . 
   that wo n't happen without military intervention , something the eu is unwilling to do . 
  from what i 've seen military intervention rarely brings stability . 
  it seems to just make things worse .
