  yeah i am just saying that if you leave the passage open and have this deal then plenty of people will still try their luck . 
   just a heads up would be a lot better . 
  i can agree on that , a heads up would be good . 
   we will never find out as the deal with turkey seems to go through . 
  yeah , will be interesting to see how this deal turns out . 
  i expect it to implode to be honest but i 'm a pessimist . 
   it will be a lot faster than actually processing their application . 
  our laws allow it to send back to safe countries . 
  well i guess we shall see . 
   possible , but this can also be fixed by imposing stricter penalties for those who engage in the black market ( on both sides ) . 
  yeah that would be a good idea . 
  though i doubt it would stop people trying if the passage from greece to germany and elsewhere is still open . 
   i was talking about the past however . 
  these countries rejected it prior to cologne , so cologne can hardly serve as a good argument for them . 
  it is some kind ex post validation if anything . 
  fair does  in parts , the government are responsible for this themselves . 
  if you are inciting fear , of course there wo n't be a majority for it . 
  i would say it was the inaction that was the issue on everyone 's part , they should of shut the borders and massively funded and set up refugees camps in greece to process cases and then distribute people with valid claims instead of just letting anyone wonder across europe . 
  also the fear came from real situations not stuff that was just made up . 
  it may be exaggerated but it 's not like there are n't issues . 
   ten thousand people would not even be much for the smaller european countries . 
  ( apart from the really small ones ) . 
  sure , but as i said . 
  there was no limit drawn up , so it 's not like it was just limited to ten thousand . 
  also do you mean to take in people to stay or just until the conflict is over ? 
   of course they would . 
  they cant though as they will be deported back how would they ? 
  they are syrians , it would be a breach of international law for germany to deport them due to their valid claim to asylum . 
  and it would require backtracking on the government 's part due to them saying syrians will be accepted . 
   not the case . 
  the numbers we will take in under the deal will likely exceed the numbers that are currently coming here without the deal . 
  maybe sure , but they will be checked and registered beforehand and that is massively in germany 's interest . 
  also it will allow for non syrians to be deported , though i do n't see why germany ca n't just deport the non syrians themselves , this just seems like handing over the dirty job to someone else so they can pretend to have clean hands . 
   i wrote that they do n't need to negotiate . 
  i simply said that you could coordinate this with your goddamn neighbor . 
  and no , this does not take months or weeks . 
  there does not need to be consent . 
  this can be dealt with by a simple telephone call . 
  what could they coordinate ? 
  it 's a border closure , maybe a heads up would be nice but apart from that what else is there to say ? 
   borders are closed , influx into greece is increasing again . 
  give it time , once the message gets out that the border is closed and will stay closed then people will stop coming . 
  why would they bother crossing the sea just to sit in a camp in greece ? 
  and if this turkey deal actually goes through it will be easier to stop people and sort out cases if the borders are closed . 
   they ca n't though . 
  we will straight up send them back to turkey . 
  in breach of international law ? 
  because every case has to be processed individually and that takes time also there is the issue that turkey may not be deemed a suitable place to deport them too . 
  also once you 're in germany it would be easier to slip into the black economy and there are plenty of myths about what they expect when they get there . 
   have you even read about what i wrote ? 
  macedonia is free to close the borders , but one could expect them to talk to greece first . 
  it does n't have to be negotiations about it - simply talking would be sufficient . 
  much better than just making a press statement that the borders are closed . 
  but what is there to negotiate ? 
  they do n't want a load of random people crossing over their country so they stopped it . 
  it 's that simple . 
  any negotiation or talks would take weeks or even months most likely so it would be better to stop it then talk about it . 
   i have outlined why germany alone wo n't do this elsewhere . 
  should we get a turkey deal , pretty much that is what happens . 
  ( and it seems that way ) well that would be better than just letting people wonder across europe . 
  seems weird that there is such resistance to the border closure though , if you want to stop people coming you need to remove the pull factor . 
  even with a turkey deal if people can just wonder across europe anyway then they will . 
   do n't be ridiculous . 
  france had the poltical capital to take more people in prior to what happened in paris . 
  they choose not to . 
  spain and portugal could have done more ( in fact they did more , but nobody got distributed there ) . 
  not every country is like eastern europe . 
  they could well have taken in some people . 
  after all we are not talking about german numbers here but about a few ten thousand in a country with tens of millions of inhabitants . 
  i 'm on about now not in the past . 
  after stuff like the paris attacks and the shit that went down in cologne there is n't really the political capital for such policies in most places . 
  if there were support for such ideas then it would of been done but the support just is n't there . 
  also there is no limit so it could be ten thousand in a country or more . 
  i 'm sure most syrians would rather go to europe than sit in a refugee camp in jordan or turkey and i ca n't blame them . 
   we obviously do . 
  we as a country have nothing to gain from it , this is a policy that is purely pro-greece . 
  sure you do , you benefit from a plan that would stop the migration from greece because a lot of that migration is going to germany ( though not as much now due to border closures ) . 
  so a plan that would stop that a , allow non syrians to be deported and allow for registered and checked migrants to be taken instead is in germany 's interest . 
   yet it can not be , or actually it must not be that germany ( along with a few other governments who have grown more and more critical ) is the only country that is taking in refugees . 
  yes , we are willing to take the lions share , but it is ridiculous that other governments seem to give a rats arse about greece . 
  france has taken in 30k refugees . 
  in the end of september , this is what we took in within three days . 
  i think it is a disgrace . 
  in many other counties the ruling parties do n't have the political capital to take so many in . 
  if they did they would quickly seem themselves taking a beating next election . 
  so unless you want to create a forth reich and take control of these nations i doubt you will see much change unless the peoples opinion in those nations change and that is doubtful . 
  also let 's be honest , no one gives a rats arse about greece . 
  everyone is out for themselves . 
   and that is why i am supporting the deal with turkey . 
  no matter how bad erdogan is , no matter that it will be expensive , it is the right thing to do . 
  what 's right is just a matter of prospective . 
  you ca n't argue for policy just by saying `` well i 'm right '' . 
  there are still massive issues with any supposed turkey deal like how having mass returns for groups of people is a violation of international law . 
   something that works well for them but fucks everyone else south of their borders . 
  i do not think it is unwarranted to criticize macedonia for closing their border without talking to greece first . 
  yes , they can do whatever they want with their border , but it would be decent if you would talk to the country that you are fucking over by doing so first . 
  so macedonia is expected to sit on their hands and let a load of unknown groups of people cross their border ? 
  what kind of stupid shit is that , they are n't even a eu member and it 's ridiculous to expect them to just let people cross their border without proper checks . 
  let the eu , germany or whoever provide ferries for transport if they want the refugees to be able to move to europe . 
  do n't expect non member nations to act as a highway and not protect their own borders .
