  no they wo n't , they wo n't decide your budget or anything like that . 
  at worst they may put some diplomatic pressure but that 's about it . 
  unless they invade but if that happens we are all fucked anyway because that war would go nuclear for sure . 
  it is n't what russia and the u.s. does that is what you have to worry about . 
  it 's what all the other countries do when you show that the npt means fuck all and you can just go for nukes if you want too . 
  there are many issues with this , how would only being asked for peace keeping operations work ? 
  in every war there are two sides ( at least ) usually at least one wo n't want intervention . 
  also if there is a pretty strong force destroying the peace you would need a good offensive force to fight them . 
  otherwise you 'd end up like the un peacekeeping force many times just sitting on their hands while everything goes to hell . 
  also what about the protection of trade routes ? 
  a country closing some strategic trade routes would cause major damage to the european economy even if it was happening on the far side of the world . 
  you would n't even need to invade a country when you could just crash it 's economy causing all the fallout that comes from that . 
  and there is also always a chance of a major conflict happening somewhere else in the world with a clearly bad party doing fucked up shit . 
  or would you want to be like some people wanted the us to be like in ww2 and take a isolationist approach and allow such a power to grow ever greater and just have to deal with the inevitable fallout . 
  that looks like a horrible situation , i think this is going to be a bad attack , my sympathy is with russia . 
  well they would n't have voting rights for gibraltar unless they live there because that would be silly to have voting rights to a place you do n't live and have no real connection to , but they could have voting rights in the uk . 
  so i doubt it would change anything , hell with the spanish citizenship stuff you mentioned they only got around a few thousand people out of a population of around 100,000 that were originally expelled . 
  so i imagine with gibraltar that had population way less than that you 'd probably find barely any people with proof that their ancestors used to live there hundreds of years ago . 
  but getting citizenship would n't mean they would suddenly get to live in gibraltar . 
  that would require evicting people living there currently . 
  so it would be like the spanish citizenship thing where you can get citizenship but not old homes and lands back because it was too long ago . 
  not at the moment because there has n't really been an interest in it expressed to my knowledge . 
  but if there is a push for it then i would say there should be a referendum . 
  the last referendum was in 2002 and it was overwhelming ( like 99 % ) towards staying a british overseas territory . 
  that 's alright and you 're welcome, 
  well if the spanish are up to it i 'm sure we could enter discussions about giving british citizenship to descendents of those people . 
  i 'd have no problem with this . 
  yes , a referendum of the people living there to decide their fate . 
  there are plenty of people who hate their own country to be fair . 
  i 'm just commenting on the immorality of ignoring a peoples right to self determination due to things that happened hundreds of years ago . 
  also in the part they quoted you can see that is says `` un general assembly resolution 2353 specifically asserted that gibraltar is a colony which impinges on the territorial integrity of spain and thus on spanish right to self-determination , and that a referendum of the colonial population could not change that . '', 
  so in my opinion that implies that it should be given to spain and not go for independence because the islanders views would n't enter into it . 
  it would be totally up to spain . 
  they do have tough choice ahead but i think in the end it should be their choice to make , if they want to join spain , have a power sharing agreement or remain a british overseas territory . 
   i had n't really given much thought to gibraltar up until now , but that legal argument is quite compelling . 
  it 's pretty shitty morally though , it pretty much calls for the population currently living there to be ignored and that their right to self determination means nothing for something that happened hundreds of years ago . 
  and calling a group of people `` imperial client populations '' sounds like the kinda stuff you would say before deporting them all from what is their home . 
   the timings that the scottish government have asked for is the point in the negotiations where the major decisions have been made mentioned by may but before they come into full effect . 
  so still during the negotiations . 
  that 's terrible timing and would cause issues because there would then be two different scenarios to negotiate for instead of just one . 
  there would be a uk negotiating under the assumption that scotland stays in , a scottish negotiation under the idea that it leaves and the eu looking at both and negotiating both . 
  also negotiations are never over until they are signed and done . 
  so there would also be stuff to iron out and what not . 
  and even then there is a chance of some country vetoing and requiring the deal to be re done again . 
   even if there is a yes vote the negotiations for that would be about 2 years ( at least i think that was the time frame mentioned last time ) . 
  at worst there would be 6 months cross over based on the layed out time frames . 
  yeah and during that time there would be some pretty intensive negotiations over stuff like currency , assets , defence , the border and so on . 
  and those negotiations would start immediately and probably be looked into even before the vote has started . 
   it would also allow the uk government to give more focus on the remaining uk and how the brexit changes will impact them . 
  no it would give the uk more things to focus on and a load more things to figure out . 
  as well as making the eu negotiations a whole lot different . 
  that is why it is n't going to happen until after this is over and done with . 
   so like a school child it 's `` not now , it does n't matter what you want '' . 
  that 's not exactly democratic either . 
  specifically when the uk government look to be ready to absorb powers which under current legislation should be devolved . 
  the timing is important . 
  well the timing is terrible for the uk , it would have to negotiate on two fronts and have way to much things to deal with . 
  while i see how it sucks you must see how it would be impossible for the uk to handle holding a referendum now . 
   imagine the eu had said `` sorry now 's not a good time for you to trigger a50 maybe in a few years '' . 
  if we had just had a referendum a couple of years ago and the eu was just about to go through a major political change i 'd say fair does we can wait . 
  well scotland will have it 's vote , it would just be insane and damaging to have both a scottish referendum and the brexit negotiations at the same time . 
  when the brexit stuff is sorted we can hold another referendum . 
  well that 's alight , such things can be talked about in negotiations . 
  i just hope for no ridiculous demands . 
  well taiwan is trying to move away from that now days and just say `` yeah taiwan is it 's own thing now '' but china kicks up a fuss whenever such things are mentioned . 
  well i 'm disappointed you think like that , i hope you mature and have a more grown up viewpoint in the future . 
  fit me irl, 
  wake up silly goose , that says it 's a bad option and may require some negotiation not that we could be vetoed from going to wto rules . 
  also i voted remain . 
   how so ? 
  gib is considered a tax haven , surely the eu wants to have more saying on that ? 
  well that 's fair to be honest , if the eu wants to discuss that i have no issue with it . 
  it could be part of the negotiations in my opinion . 
  yeah and in the same region there is taiwan which we ca n't even recognise as independent officially due to the anger of china over `` muh clay '' . 
   you should talk to some israelis man . 
  they 're the most helpless of people under siege from those fierce palestinians . 
  if you say so , i guess you have just moved to silly sarcasm since your argument did n't pan out . 
  it 's ok it happens to the best of us . 
   did you vote for trump though ? 
  being a uk citizen and not a us citizen i could n't vote in the us election , i 've never even been to the us . 
  though if i did live there i would probably have voted hillary . 
   neah . 
  i still think i got the trump comment right . 
  well you did n't , maybe next time do n't assume so much ? 
  lol you know you ca n't do that right ? 
  that 's like a dude giving a slap to his wife and saying : well she did n't divorce me so she agrees to this !, 
  only if you look at it in an idiotic and wrong way . 
  political arrangements are n't like marriage , maybe you got confused by all the brexit divorce memes . 
   ah yes . 
  i forgot , you 're under siege . 
   i would n't say we are . 
  though it seems some spanish politicians are pushing for a chance of circumstances when it come to gibraltar . 
   dude you 're the embodiment of the under siege mentality . 
  then again all brexiters were like that . 
  trumpists too . 
  hurr durr , everybody wants to take our stuff . 
  that 's interesting because i voted remain and i do n't think we are under siege , i am just reacting to what some people in this thread are saying . 
  as well as talking about how territorial claims are a pretty big deal politically . 
  though i guess just making assumptions is easier than actually asking someone their political stances now days . 
   but no you are n't .
