  fair does  am i one of those people ? 
  where have i made any claims relating to post-brexit destabilisation ? 
  i dunno if you are , i 'm just talking about it because we are in a thread about the threat of war if brexit happens and the eu breaks up and what not . 
   can you not do anything except straw man me ? 
  i 've not made any such stupid assertions . 
  well fair does , it seems we are in agreement then at least when it comes to this . 
   nato has n't `` dealt '' with anything . 
  they 've taken a completely blase approach to the turkey-greece problems . 
  yeah but it did n't fall apart . 
   i 've not said any different and my point still stands . 
  nato is for external threats only , it does nothing to counter internal destabilisation . 
  sure nato is for external threats and is n't designed for countering internal destabilisation . 
  but people are way overestimating the effects of brexit and how destabilisation it may be , sure there may be a bit of bad blood but neither side is going to start building up legions and all of that shit . 
  it 's in the interest of both parties to try and keep relations good . 
   nato is an organisation detected to external threats . 
  what good is it when one nato member is at another nato members throat ? 
  if nato can deal with having greece and turkey in the same organization during all their tensions it can deal with this . 
  it 's not like the uk is going to declare war if it leaves the eu , they still want good relations with europe and i hope that european countries would still want good relations with the uk . 
   every country has to decide for themselves if they want in or out . 
  ca n't argue with that but my point was ideally i imagine you want the eu to stay together right ? 
  my point was that it is n't undemocratic to hope for things to work out a certain way as long as you 're not forcing anyone . 
   the the economic pressure and geopolitical forces are such that few will choose this path , even if some of them should ( for being incompatible with the eu fundamental principles ) . 
  yeah , it 's always scary to take a step into the unknown . 
  also which nations would you say are incompatible . 
   the only countries which could implicitly dissolve the union upon leaving are germany and france . 
  yeah to lose either one of those and it 's essentially game over . 
   i agree with him . 
  i have nothing against uk leaving , but the buck stops there . 
  we do n't need another russia pulling the eu strings from the back alley . 
  sure , but if the european people decided themselves that the eu was n't for them you 'd accept that right ? 
  even if ideally you would n't like that to happen . 
   when did you see this happening ? 
  they are talking about a situation where the eu is a direct democracy . 
  if it was like that then they are right , the bigger countries with larger populations would have a greater say . 
   again , where ? 
  what choices were made because the germans felt german and the dutch felt dutch ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  they are talking about how there is difference of opinion about many issues from nation to nation . 
   i really have troubles understanding how educated citizens could be in favour of a break-up of the eu . 
  in my opinion there is only one way towards peace in europe . 
  and that is at least an economic union . 
  but even without the eu there will be massive economic ties because of the amount of trade there is between european nations . 
  so it would be bad for business to go to war , therefore you are massively overestimating the risk of war . 
  even if nations leave the eu it 's not like all trade will stop unless countries decide to act ridiculous and declare trade embargoes or some shit . 
  also even if people may dislike the state of the eu they still feel close to their fellow europeans and would n't want to go to war with them . 
  also for the record i 'm pretty unsure about which way to vote , i 'm leaning towards in just because i do n't trust the uk government much and the eu has some good ideas mixed in with the shit ones , and hell maybe a few hundred years from now a european superstate would be pretty cool . 
  but it has to be taken slowly , rome was n't built in a day . 
   i do n't see what you 're finding so hard to understand . 
  it 's you who are finding things difficult to understand . 
   wanting your will imposed on others , even if `` ideally '' or in any sort of scenario ; is undemocratic . 
  but in the ideal scenario people will be in agreement . 
  so it will be what the people want . 
  i imagine you have ideas about how you would like the world to turn out right ? 
   it 's just ironic that he claims the eu is undemocratic then goes on to say how he wants all of europe to do as he wishes . 
  it 's not ironic you 're just fucking daft . 
  they are talking about their ideal scenario silly goose , i imagine in their ideal scenario everyone else would be in agreement on this . 
  no silly goose you misread , what he is saying that if the uk did leave and if it did well afterwards then it would likely encourage more nations to leave the eu . 
  that 's the likely they are talking about , they likelihood of others leaving if the uk comes out well from leaving . 
  they are saying that in response to the comment joking about the uk leaving causing the eu to break up . 
  what are you on about ? 
  they were just saying what they would ideally like to happen . 
  not that they think it should be enforced on anyone . 
   yeah if they 're insane . 
  of course because nato is such a good deal . 
  most of the nations in it can just sit on their arse and hardly fund their military because they know big daddy murica will protect them . 
  it 's no surprised the us got tired of it and now is expected members to actually have a reasonable amount of funding for the military . 
   because iraq was n't worth giving up european influence for . 
  however , us is tightly tied to the eu , they have invested massively into the eu integration for nearly a century , arguably they even helped create the eu . 
  disassembling the eu would be a much bigger kick in the balls for them than refusing to join a war one time . 
  they 'll get over it , they still want europe to be pro-us so they would n't want to shit up relations and i would rather europe decides for itself rather than doing what somewhere else wants . 
  if people decide to keep with the eu then sure , if they do n't then fair does . 
   the difference is that eu has public institutions , representatives , and kickback mechanisms that ensure all countries have their say . 
  if you 're going to be dominated anyway , that 's the best way to be dominated . 
  well they can have a say but it still ends up with just being told what do to . 
  like with the refugee crisis . 
   the alternative is a phone call or a backroom meeting with us/russian/chinese / german representatives , where they will tell your government what kind of policy they expect your country to adhere to in exchange for their friendship and cooperation . 
  eh i doubt that would happen to my government so much . 
  we are powerful enough to not need to cuddle up to a big nation , also we have nukes . 
  with smaller governments sure it will happen a bit . 
  but the people can always vote for others if the policy is shit and generally it wo n't be anything massively shit because a democratic government always has to answer to the people first . 
   us leverages nato and their protection in exchange for economic interests and influence in europe . 
  if you undermine us interests , it 's pretty naive to expect the same kind of nearly unconditional protection we have now . 
  there will be more strings attached , because why would n't there be ? 
  you are forced to agree either way . 
  you are n't forced to agree , countries can always withdraw from nato . 
  also there has been plenty of times us interests have been undermined yet i do n't see france for example having to take a paddling at the next nato meeting because they did n't support the iraq war . 
  you are massively exaggerating , yeah the us will expect a certain amount of their interests being represented . 
  so if the eu turned into a communist state i imagine nato would n't be around any more , but it 's not like they are cracking the whip and demanding we do this and that . 
   nobody has to invade if they can dominate you economically , and most countries in europe can and will be dominated economically . 
  well sure but that happens with the eu anyway so it 's not like it would make much difference . 
  countries like germany will be the economically dominate nations and countries like greece will take the shaft . 
   other countries representatives will still be your budgets regardless . 
  the us representatives will come and say that they expect your country to spend x on defense and take part in us operations around the world in exchange for their protection . 
  what ? 
  no they wo n't , when many countries did n't take part in the iraq war they were n't kicked out of nato or anything like that . 
  also it 's only if you 're in nato there will be pressure to spend a certain amount of defence . 
  and that 's for good reason , because it 's unfair to expect certain alliance members to pay for everything and just rely on them . 
   and if us does n't do that , russia will . 
  and if russia does n't , some kind of a tighter mini-eu with germany and france will . 
  but most likely they all will .
