  well they would n't , everyone would be busy trying to make such their own country does n't go to shit to worry about all the other people too . 
   `` fix the problems '' that the western world to a large extent brought upon them ? 
  the children too ? 
  it sucks but life is not fair , just because we made foolish choices does n't mean we should martyr ourselves . 
  there will be hundreds of millions displaced , how do we expect to feed that many people with all the farming land that is due to be fucked by climate change ? 
  let alone all the other basic human needs as well as the political destabilization that would come from such an action . 
   the article is n't about the current refugee crisis , it 's about the climate change crisis that is yet to come . 
  that will happen whether there is war or not . 
  the africans ca n't just go home and reduce climate change because they 're not the ones causing it , it 's mainly the chinese and americans who do . 
  well with the climate change crisis current models have shown it 's inevitable anyway . 
  so now would be the time to invest in a strong military because there are about to be some serious resource wars for the areas that are better off . 
  the amount of people displaced by it will be impossible for europe to take without massive conflict and destabilization and good luck getting help from china or the us . 
  so the only realistic option would be to just shut the border to most people . 
  so is he just making it up as he goes along . 
  it seems he 's always flip flopping from one thing to another . 
   fantastic idea ... go home and fix climate change !, 
  why has n't anyone else thought of that ? 
  have you contacted any news outlets to tell them about your amazing plan ? 
  you ca n't fix climate change but you can try and minimize it 's effects . 
  also climate change is hardly the only issue in the region and the other issues were the ones i was saying people should attempt to fix . 
   that 's interesting but i am not sure if we have the data to back it up . 
  just look at a comparison of the 2008 election and the 2016 election . 
  and look at the way the swing states voted ( because those are the ones that matter ) . 
  places that were democrat since 1988 swung to trump . 
  this clearly shows that people either did n't bother to turn out for the democrats or flipped to republican . 
   same thing happens when people discuss american politics . 
  they think some `` liberal ruling elite '' is out of touch with the `` proud yet poor hard-working peasants '' . 
  yet clinton got 2 million more people on her side , from all income levels . 
  therefore this narrative is fake . 
  you forget that while she got those votes she got way less than obama did when he ran . 
  people get the issue mixed up , it is n't that they feel alienated and then vote for trump , it 's that they feel alienated and just do n't bother voting for clinton or at all . 
  go elsewhere probably or stay home to try and fix the problems . 
   of course there is : you need to introduce , to all of africa , sustainable economic growth , gender equality and contraceptives . 
  so is this the white mans burden 2.0 ? 
   why not ? 
  because it would get vetoed . 
   lets hope republicans win france than . 
  and if uk vetos that , its pasively recognizing crimea as russian . 
  not really , and after long enough crimea will probably be recognized too . 
   they have goten farther than ever . 
  and by the looks of things they might be sucesfull by the turn of the century . 
  now if the `` nation selfdetermination '' prone eu would help them , this would be faster . 
  not really , they are pushing for a unilateral declaration because spain just denies it . 
   city , not the rest of it . 
  yeah  i refere you to the previous response . 
  also its a un intervention , not a serb one or a russian or american one , that is why it has a chance of passing . 
  and if it does n't ? 
   you always have the option af apeal . 
  sure , but if the system is set against you it wo n't help . 
   yes you could . 
  you also need to know your actual name , the one on record and where you live and thats that . 
  its not a perfect system . 
  so what records are these ? 
   as long as you have your papers in order you can vouch for your friends . 
  vouching falsly is purgery . 
  but most people wo n't have serbian papers  full of dead dogs in ditches . 
  and beautiful nature  ok than go sing chatolic hims in a church . 
  im prety sure thats ilegal in england possible by some weird old law , doubt i 'd get arrested though . 
  but i 'd say that 's a law someone is justified in breaking . 
   not important . 
  securety council does not . 
  serbian diplomats might be able to get the number down . 
  and i 'm talking about security council sanctioned un `` intervention '' but a new intervention would require a whole new resolution . 
  that would never pass the security council . 
  also serbia hardly has the diplomatic pull , especially if it starts talking about how many of the albanians are illegal and should be removed . 
   the whole of uk is not one nation . 
  scots are one nation , englis are a nother , so are irish and ulster scots and welshers . 
  it is one nation with different ethnic groups . 
   if they would truly want independance they would work to change the law . 
  as catalonia is doing in sapin . 
  yeah and how is that working out ? 
  spain is just going to say lolnope . 
   im talking about the city not london metropolis . 
  learn your country pall . 
  city of london is even mentioned in magna carta as an ecisting enthety with rights . 
  well london has always been a special case . 
   if serbia requests a un intervention it most certanaly would not be denied . 
  this is different than nato requesting ti interveen in serbia . 
  sure it would , the uk , france and the us would veto it . 
   not necesarely . 
  if nato is desolved , and if trump is a good man , this would go frew after some deliberation . 
  doubt it , britain would veto that and so would france . 
   they must conform with the law . 
  ideally yes , but that often is n't the case . 
  they may be overly harsh in some cases and not so much in others . 
   not realy , you just show up at the `` police '' station with your friend . 
  so i could just grab two random kosovo albanians and have them say i 'm from there ? 
   these are not notaries , these are your friends and famely who vouch for you that you are so and so . 
  well i 'm sure the kosovo albanians will vouch for each other as being from there as they are . 
   they are , but are not legal in serbia . 
  well yeah , but are legal in kosovo . 
  so people wo n't have serbian papers they would have kosovo ones . 
   in that shithole ? 
  you need to civilie those savages first eh it 's not so bad , it 's actually an increasing tourist destination . 
   but existed before that . 
  you cant go around commiting crimes and unlawfull acts . 
  it depends , i would say it 's alright to break an unjust law . 
  was it wrong for serbia to declare independence in the first place because it broke the rules of the ottoman empire ? 
   wich is why we force anto out and put un in . 
  as i said in my other post , the majority of the un recognizes kosovo as independent .
