  but the change is still unnoticeable ( in one opinion poll 85 % of germans have said they have not perceived any changes to their livelihoods or safety as a result of the crisis ) and making it out to be something dramatic and historic is just political exploitation . 
  well germany has been pretty free from attacks until now , we shall see how this attack effects the political atmosphere . 
  only time will tell who is right here . 
  in all honestly i 'd rather be wrong . 
   and the generally agreed upon equilibrium point is n't `` yeah , i 'll help you as long as i do n't have to give anything up myself '' . 
  it also is n't `` yeah , i 'll help you and any terrorist attacks that happen i 'll just deal with and not let it effect me '' . 
  also what 's generally agreed upon can always change , these things are n't set in concrete . 
   we agreed to help 1 + million people and going back on that promise because of a microscopically small share of them , which depending on how strict are you filtering them can mean as little as few dozen people ( i.e. 
  terrorists with the know-how ) . 
  it does n't take a lot of dedicated people to destabilize a country if they are willing to commit mass casualty attacks and die doing it . 
  also you do n't really need much know-how to drive a truck into a crowd . 
  the more this goes on the more people will turn to the right , it is just a matter of can you stop it before we go too far . 
  if there are only a dozen people that should be relatively easy , if there are more then i expect there to be a lot more attacks . 
  only time will tell . 
   more then 10.000 people get deported from austria every year ( nearly every 3rd refugee ) , i say your argument is invalid . 
  i was asking a question not making an argument , i do n't know for sure how things are going in other countries . 
  but that 's one issue out of two solved so that 's great . 
   i have a feeling you 're filtering the terms ` rational ' and ` pragmatic ' through your own eyes instead of their colloquial definitions . 
  it 's funny i could say the same to you . 
   our society is n't a utilitarian one and it assigns value to helping those in need , which is why we do n't murder every disabled and elderly . 
  yes it does and it is a good thing as long as it does n't end up coming back to bite you in the ass . 
  a balance must be made between helping others while also minimizing issues for ourselves . 
   it happens with the turks yeah because most christians have been removed from that area long ago it events like this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom  albanians yeah they have always been more into nationalism than religion , it also helps they spent a long time under an anti-religious dictator . 
   bosnians that has n't exactly been an area showing peaceful coexistence . 
  though i will say that conflict was more based on nationalist interests than religious ones . 
   you 're jumping from one extreme into another . 
  of course the vast majority of people from syria are refugees . 
  i 'm sure you have heard the news about the war there during the last couple of years . 
  you 've seen the pictures . 
  yes the refugees from syria need to be helped ca n't disagree there , as long as it 's done in a sensible manner with screening and priority for families . 
  with people taken directly from the camps and people who enter illegally detained to prevent the majority male situation , to prevent the dodging of screening and also to remove motivations for taking boats . 
   yes , the refugee policies of 2014/15 were a mistake because they were exploited by economic migrants and terrorists . 
  this is obvious by now . 
  that 's why the `` open door '' policies have been changed . 
  and they will keep on changing in a thoughtful and sane manner . 
  so has there been a lot of deportations of people who entered without a valid claim ? 
  also has there been a major change in allowing people who hop on boats to enter without issue ? 
  because from what i 've seen it 's still going on , it 's just mostly coming from libya instead of turkey this time and mainly effecting italy . 
  i feel we will have the same situation again . 
   it is not `` sick and destructive political correctness '' to differentiate between terrorists and normal people i agree , there should be differentiation and that is why screening and blocking of radicals and extremists is important . 
   and we are doing just that , rejecting the notion that one group 's rights are infinitely more important than another 's . 
  that 's not pragmatic or rational , that 's acting emotionally . 
  we should think pragmatically what will cause us the most benefit for our society as a whole , instead of thinking emotionally that the worlds failures are all ours to deal with . 
  yes we should be more rational instead , if letting in more refugees end up causing more issues and there is a risk of destabilization we should act pragmatically and not let emotions rule our decisions . 
   it would be nice if we could only take care of our own shit , but that 's probably not going to work . 
  so what it 's the white mans burden 2.0 ? 
  oh they ca n't take care of themselves , they need the white man to guide the savages to better themselves . 
  let them work on their issues themselves , we generally only make things worse anyway . 
  if they fuck it up then let them deal with it . 
  it would n't really effect us that much apart from some refugees maybe , but we can be more restrictive on that and handle it pragmatically . 
   we need their resources and they need our money and technology . 
  well we can still trade with them , nothing is stopping that . 
  we just do n't need to go over and get involved when shit goes down . 
   all that is probably only going to end when the oil is empty there and we and others have no big interests there anymore . 
  well there we should be actively working towards that , i 'm looking forward to that day . 
   to be fair it 's easy to dominate huge regions there because quite a lot is just desert there . 
  well yeah that 's why it leads to silly overestimates of their power based on territory controlled . 
  it 's the big cities that matter more . 
   they had quite some good equippet including tanks , artillery and aa guns that the iraqs army left when they fled yeah , all the us supplied gear . 
  makes me question the purpose of supplying it in the first place when it will just be dropped for groups like isis . 
   that combined with well trained officers is a bad situation for the region yeah it does , but not as bad as people think . 
  isis 's strength more comes from the total ineptness of it 's enemies . 
  when facing a decent force it does n't do as well . 
   without the help of other states at least syria , iraq , afghanistan and some other countries would be much bigger problems then they 're now . 
  what would have happend if the chemical weapons or the small weapons factories would ' t have been bombed ? 
  there would be a bigger problem sure , but those problems are partly caused be western interventionism . 
  there are always going to be more and more conflicts , are we just going to get involved all the time and have to deal with the mess and pick up the pieces ? 
  i 'd say after isis is done with we take an isolationist approach . 
  just secure our border and detain anyone who enters illegally . 
  then take families directly from the region after screening them so we do n't have the mainly young men situation we have now but only if they drastically need refugee and with priority to minorities in the region like yadizis and christians who are under greater threat . 
   that is the way for the terrorists to win . 
  some people value privacy as much as every other essential human right and having to change that way of life is a defeat . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure groups like isis are n't committing all these terror attacks to get the great victory for their cause that is more cctv cameras . 
  you can say that you value privacy rights more than any real or perceived security benefits that would come from greater surveillance . 
  but this whole `` then the terrorists win '' is fucking stupid . 
  no , everyone in the german government should commit ritual seppeku because of the extent of their failure to not be able to find one guy in a massive panic situation with lots of distractions , wounded to be tended to and so on . 
   i 'm sure i 'll have many replies saying that it 's hard getting the right guy in all the chaos and what not , but these are all excuses . 
  this situation shows absurd levels of incompetence in security . 
  honestly once it 's over the government should just resign . 
  lolwut , why would the whole government resign that 's ridiculous . 
  i agree security should be better but it 's a lot easier to disappear in a crowd when you have the mother of all distractions that is a truck that just drove through a crowded place with all the associated mayhem that comes from that . 
   at the moment they 're in a shitty position , but if the russian , the americans , saudis , etc. 
  had not bombed them and supported other groups ( sometimes equally bad ones ) they would be in a fucking good position . 
  they would of been in a better position sure , but they would n't be dominating huge parts of the region . 
  there are many actors in the region with the strength to take them out , it would be a harder fight but they could do it . 
  strong western involvement can actually be a detriment because isis portray it as the crusaders killing muslims and get more support due to that . 
  you have a habit of not reading what i say huh . 
  go back and read what i said and you 'll see i said clearly that the left would n't politicize this . 
  it 's bad for them politically that such a thing happened so why would they ? 
  they would rather this attack is buried and has a minimal influence on people political opinions . 
  the murder of jo cox for example , that has many on the left blaming in on the right actions and saying that they helped create the situation where such a thing would happen and the right just saying `` oh he 's just a nut it means nothing '' . 
   but can you give me an example of what the ( real or perceived ) left is doing to politicize this ? 
  why would they want to , they would want to bury this because it 's going to be harmful to them politically . 
  now if it was a white nationalist carrying out an attack then it would be flipped . 
  the left would be politicizing it and the right ( well the far right ) would be the ones burying it . 
   some peoples ' attempts to score political points with this is gross . 
  why ? 
  there is a political debate to be had on how to handle this . 
  if i said `` yeah there will likely be an increase in terrorism due to current policies '' and then that happens then of course i am going to point that out . 
   trump and the afd are already talking about `` attacks against christians '' .
