  well the issue is taking down the dictators in the region and messing with the stability . 
  after isis we should wash our hands of the region and leave the dictatorships alone to do whatever , not make it our business . 
  so it is an issue with islam then , it is just certain elements within it like a certain sect rather than just the whole thing . 
   sunni islam is being overtaken by wahhabism and salafism , and it 's a problem that no one inside and outside of islam is willing to tackle . 
  instead of tackling it , people like trump would kiss king salman 's hand instead . 
  well yeah it sucks , i do n't think i 've seen a major politician yet in the us or europe go against saudi arabia in a big way . 
   thanks for downvotes clowns , lets make a big echo chamber out of this place , shall we ? 
  it already is an echo chamber, 
  also likely they believe in what isis says but they do n't like the massive downgrade in living standards . 
  also they may of expected to kill more infidels than their fellow muslims . 
   branch davidians being involved in waco massacre and the well-known oklahoma city bombing the oklahoma city bombing was n't done by a branch dravidian, 
   we 're already adjusting security , immigration and other relevant policies at rapid pace . 
  there has been some adjustments sure but there is still work to be done . 
  for example banning foreign funding of mosques and what not . 
   unless you 're buying into borderline genocidal or dictatorial policies , or for some reason want to declare millions of people guilty by association , there is a limit to what laws can and should do . 
  that is true for any democracy . 
  i do n't buy into those stuff , they would only make things worse . 
  and yeah there are limits in a democracy as there should be . 
   the migration quota thing is dead anyway as the political opposition in poland is too large . 
  and it 's a good thing too , it was a terrible idea . 
  how would you get poland to buy into it when they see the issues caused in other places . 
   that 's not a meaningful argument . 
  well it is to somewhere like poland when it comes to saying no to the whole migrant quota stuff . 
   there are plenty potential and real sources of violence , terrorism , conflict and misery that will inevitably crop up . 
  if the catalonians declare independence in a year or two and violence breaks up , will you say `` how lucky that there are no catalonians here !, 
  '' , how is that valid reasoning it 's valid reasoning when it comes to deciding ones immigration policy . 
  if catalonians developed a habit of blowing themselves up in public places then i would say we should have stricter screening of the ones coming into the country to live and also crack down on the extreme elements . 
   sure it 's never something that just happens , but it can not be entirely avoided , predicted , or immediately solved either . 
  i agree , but if you can see the causes then you can take actions to prevent it . 
   there will always be hotspots of conflict on the planet , at the current moment in history , still following 9 / 11 we are in an era of global terrorism . 
  that wo n't suddenly go away , and the biggest countries on this planet who are politically relevant will stay at the centre of it . 
  well not all of them , just the ones with disaffected muslim communities . 
  if you do n't have that then you can avoid it pretty much . 
   we 're not all going to be iceland or switzerland , and there will always be crises , that 's how it is . 
  and of course it can be combated and we 're pretty much doing what we can , but there 's no absolute safety and there never will be . 
  not if you have cities and nations with hundreds of millions of people . 
  sure there can be no absolute safety , but there are plenty of other populous countries and cities without the same issues . 
  because as it happens if you do n't have disaffected muslim communities in your country then you do n't get islamic terrorism . 
  so that 's why poland and what not do n't have the same problems . 
   we see violence all over the place , it is a natural thing . 
  you do n't see it in switzerland or poland right now because they 're not at the centre of a religious / ethnic / geopolitical conflict , but they 're exceptions . 
  yeah so it 's specific causes it is n't just random  and given the constant powderkeg that is eastern europe , especially concerning the dynamics with russia , this is all subject to change . 
  if you 'd randomly jump through history poland would be a risky place to land . 
  sure , times are different now than before  just look a the fucking troubles , this shit can break out everywhere where enough people with political conflict live together . 
  the world is n't all peaceful and harmonious well yeah if there are specific issues like people who live together who do n't get along it can break out . 
  but it is n't something that just happens , there are concrete causes and because of that it can be avoided . 
   maybe i was thinking of australia ? 
  australia is 23 % though it exports more to china than it imports with 32 % exports to china . 
   it 's not bad per se . 
  it just increases reliance of external forces that are necessarily more unpredictable and harder to reign in should any issue arise . 
  it 's exposure . 
  necessary one , but exposure none the less . 
  well such is life in a global economy . 
   would n't that apply equally to the eu though ? 
  it does , i was actually more thinking of the eu when typing that . 
  i do n't disagree with the eu and actually would rather the uk stayed in it . 
  i just think the integration should be taken slowly and more reliant on public support in the countries . 
  also if countries do n't want to take part that should be respected . 
  no one wants a union with people who do n't even want to be there and who are just there for economical reasons . 
  it would be better to have a union full of people who actually believe in it . 
  well i can agree with you on that . 
   of course it is , but the levels are nowhere similar . 
  actually they are , for the eu the amount of imports from china are around 16 % and for new zealand the amount is around 17 % . 
  so not much difference really . 
   the eu has strong exports and chinese outbound fdi are nowhere near as important as there new zealand while it may not have as many exports as the eu ( thought i dunno per capita how it works out ) still have a good amount which has increased since 2001 from 30 billion dollars to 50 billion dollars . 
  i 'm not sure about fdi so i ca n't really comment on that . 
   there are . 
  policy making at the wto , un security council , imf are of utmost importance and having your say there will have direct consequences at home . 
  those smaller countries are irrelevant in that regard . 
  it will have an impact but not such a major one . 
  new zealand is n't suffering from not having a major say on it. , they are actually doing pretty great . 
   of course . 
  but some much more than others . 
  look up the french gdp compared to taiwan 's , or italy 's to sk 's , and you 'll see foreign trade having a vastly different importance ( especially if you consider the eu as domestic ) . 
  sure but i do n't see why having foreign trade is a bad thing . 
  any countries economy would tank if foreign trade was stopped for whatever reason . 
  so i do n't see how that is some kind of negative . 
   probably . 
  but would n't that create a new eu-like hydra ? 
  what level of downsizing would make everyone happy ? 
  well i doubt you could ever make anyone happy . 
  it 's a hard balance to make . 
  i do think that a union should try and take the progress into greater integration slower because doing it fast creates blowback as we 've seen . 
  then where are the major terrorist attacks in say poland ? 
  how come it seems that some places suffer a lot more and some places do n't seem to have any at all ? 
  when was the last terrorist attack in switzerland ? 
  if it was just a natural thing then we would see it all over the place but it seems that some places have it a lot and some places do n't . 
   although nz and australia have a kind a single economic market similar to that of the eu it 's kinda similar but not on the same level as the eu . 
   both seem to be flooded with chinese/asian goods and capital and have little relevance/say to the world policies . 
  and the eu is n't ? 
  look around the place you are now and i bet you would reach double digits with the stuff made in china . 
  also china just brought greek port not even that long ago . 
  so same stuff is happening in the eu . 
  also there are n't any world policies everyone agrees on . 
  the closest is the un and that hardly has much say . 
  countries generally just do their own thing . 
  the only thing left is the military alliances that has a certain amount of influence on which way the country leans . 
  like the whole us and friends , russia and friends and so on . 
  but even then you can go against it like new zealand did to the us by refusing nuclear armed or powered ships into their territory . 
   they are politically independent but extremely dependant on foreign trade and also fairly irrelevant globally .
