   not easily . 
  they can only transport troops by sea , and everything is in range of nato aircraft etc. 
  it could be done though . 
  it would n't have to be the main attack , just something to stir up shit . 
   and those are fantastical scenarios , ukraine especially . 
  it may be unlikely but it 's possible , i would n't want to not have defenses in place just in case . 
   the baltic states are more vulnerable , but there is no way the russians could just smash through them and continue on to poland with any degree of success . 
  the polish military is quite potent actually . 
  so do you think the baltic 's could hold russia back without nato support ? 
  and yeah the polish military is good , but it 's always better to have more support . 
   they might , it is a real possibility . 
  well i doubt it , it would be a massive loss of face and would make them look extremely weak . 
  also any attack would have to kill russian forces anyway . 
   this does n't alleviates our obligation to help them if they are in dire need of it . 
  international treaties do n't only apply when it 's convenient for us . 
  i think we should recuse them but just do n't take them to europe , therefore removing all motivation for them to take the risk . 
   yes , because some 97 % of the trips succeed . 
  the boats do n't set out expecting to sink . 
  yes but if the trips were n't successful , for example if they were detained and not taken to europe then there would be no motivation to do it . 
  but the more success there is the more encouragement there is for people to do it . 
  also more money for the people traffickers . 
   because kalingrad is exposed to a nato attack a lot more than poland is exposed to a russian attack . 
  kalingrad could easily be used as a staging area for an attack . 
   also , those troops can drive to russia 's border in a day , but russia ca n't do the same . 
  well if russian forces pushed into nato territory or through ukraine they could reach poland . 
  so it would be sensible to have defenses further back . 
  also an assault could be launched from kalingrad . 
   i think it would quickly come down to self proclaimed self preservation versus preserving influence . 
  same could be said for russia , but do you think for example they would withdraw from syria is the us decided to go all in ? 
  also the us would n't be under much threat unless the war went nuclear and in that case russia would have it 's own self preservation to worry about also . 
   just because it 's done does n't mean it 's not unnecessary . 
  the threat is manufactured . 
  except for kalingrad , russia does n't even share a border with poland . 
  it 's hardly manufactured , russia has already taken aggressive actions and there is a lot of aggressive rhetoric . 
  also if poland does n't even share a border with russia apart from kalingrad why is russia so bothered about it ? 
   that they die , but not for poland . 
  that 's your opinion , but i doubt it 's true . 
  to not protect an ally is to end their status and their influence . 
  because who would ally and side with a country that would n't hold by it 's treaty obligations ? 
   with what exactly ? 
  you have no answer to that . 
  sea deaths as % of all arrivals are much lower than people believe them to be , in the single digit % range . 
  jumping from an x % chance to x +0,5 % wo n't deter anyone . 
  you do n't need to increase the sea deaths . 
  you just need to say that anyone who takes the sea journey has no chance of getting to europe and will be put into some holding facility pending deportation . 
  therefore removing all motivation to do the trip in the first place . 
   this is making best of the hostage situation they were put in by the smugglers which they went into willingly . 
  they were n't put into anything they paid for this . 
   who do n't give a rat 's ass about the safety of asylum seekers and just want to maximize their profits by giving them the cheapest things that float because they know they do n't need to go all the way to europe , all they need to do is go a bit off the coast and call for help . 
  then they get picked up taken the rest of the way , so there is no need to invest in a decent boat because it only has to be sea worthy for a little while . 
   this happens not directly because of the ngos ' help , but regardless of it . 
  if the ngos were n't there then going a few miles of the coast and calling for help would n't work . 
  do you think that they would pay for the trip if they knew that they had no chance of getting to europe ? 
  they would just start using better boats because now they know they need to make the whole journey instead of just having to go a bit off the coast of libya and then getting picked up . 
   let 's not go that far . 
  it 's easy to posture in peace when there 's no threat whatsoever . 
  if there was no threat all of this would be unnecessary . 
  also in the past when there was a major threat the us still held fast . 
   it 's more likely that they would evacuate than go die fighting the russians . 
  these troops are not going to be under polish command . 
  any russian attack would have to assault these forces immediately . 
  so even if that was the plan ( and i highly doubt that ) it would n't make a difference because they would be drawn into combat immediately . 
  it 's like if i said `` yeah russia would rather evacuate syria than die fighting the us '' . 
  it does n't matter because any us strike would have to engage them immediately anyway . 
  well it does n't sound like they did out of the good of their hearts and it was more a tactical decision that turned out to be the wrong one in hindsight . 
  actually the uk provided the majority of the naval forces involved in d-day . 
  here is an article about it , the british actually provided a lot of the material for d-day http://edition.cnn.com/2014/06/05/opinion/opinion-d-day-myth-reality/, 
  what was the additional stuff they tried to include ? 
  my supernatural powers also tell me that you 're danish, 
  some people sure , but they forget that polish people have been part of britain for a while . 
  hell tesco and marks and spencer were founded by polish people ( well half founded for marks and spencer ) and there are plenty of politicians , scientists and what not of polish ancestry . 
  also they often forget that polish people fought hard for britain and defended it during our darkest times . 
   you have to be english , welsh , or scottish though ... ? 
  well if you mean ethnicity then no , not really . 
   many white immigrants in the uk too who are n't seen as british , like poles ? 
  i 'd say people of polish ethnicity can be british . 
  there are plenty of british people of polish ancestry . 
   take a walk in berlin , paris , malm\u00f6 , etc. 
  been to berlin recently and paris a while ago . 
  berlin was great and paris sucked ( though the crepes were great ) from what i remember . 
  you do n't have to be white to be british dude  there is a reason british people voted brexit . 
  yeah people getting left behind and fucked over and then lashing out at the wrong people . 
  well this thread will be a shitshow, 
   no , i 'd consider all of those wrong . 
  well in that case i 'm sorry for misjudging you  i was n't following syria for the majority of the conflict , but the shelling of mariupol from the separatist or russian side is a good example of pointless and criminal usage of these weapons . 
  you 're way more reasonable than i gave you credit for . 
  but yeah using these weapons in urban areas is generally criminal and pointless . 
  so let me guess , it was wrong when ukraine did it ( and i agree with that ) but when russia did it in the chechen war and when assad did it in the syria war it was alright . 
  or have i misjudged you ? 
  is shelling cities with mrls wrong or is it an alright thing to do ? 
   yes , russian bombing is way more precise than shelling cities with mrls . 
  so is shelling cities with mrls 100 % wrong ? 
   it depends on whether their orders were legal . 
  so if it 's legal by the law of the nation the soldiers are from it 's alright ? 
   i ca n't say it is right to make a decision that would end up with a tank driving over you . 
  well sometimes you have to put you 're life at risk for your beliefs . 
  by your logic there would be no revolution in history because it may end up in you getting killed and if therefore wrong , so no soviet revolution , no american revolution , no serbian revolution and so on . 
   it was untenable to hold onto them without major violence . 
  if the government decided to use the military to their full potential , that whole thing would be over in hours , there was simply no way for the baltic states to fight back . 
  that 's a pretty fucking weak standard for mercy .
