   80 cops for more than 1000 people spread over a large area . 
  yes i do think they did n't know . 
  but clearly that 's not true because with the police footage released you can see and hear the stuff they were dealing with . 
  i agree they did n't have the numbers to be effective but they knew what was going on . 
  but they were there , there are even videos showing the police there and having fireworks shot at them and what not . 
  there were around 80 police there . 
  how is it hypocritical ? 
  i have no problem admitting the british police 's incompetence in dealing with this and admitting there was a cover up by the police . 
   all over the internet ? 
  i 'd like to see that seeing as even the police did make the facts public knowledge until the 4th . 
  it 's was n't some hidden away event , this was a major thing happening in the public center . 
  so it would be easier to have knowledge of it before the police announced what had happened . 
   why do you think the assaults happened in the first place ? 
  because the police presence was severely lacking that day . 
  they did n't know what went down . 
  the police where there though , there was around 80 . 
  they were right there watching and likely dealing with the victims , do you really think they did n't know what was going on ? 
  well that 's what happens when the mainstream media drops the ball and does n't report for a few days on a major story . 
  it leaves a vacuum for these other places to fill and then the mainstream media are playing catch up with the story . 
   and that 's what they did . 
  the police held a press conference on the 4th concerning the attacks and it was reported the same evening . 
  the police held a press conference after initially saying everything was fine the day after . 
  also yeah they reported on the 4th after it was already all over social media and smaller news sites . 
  sounds like your media is pretty shit if they are playing catch up on a massive story like this . 
  it 's either malice or incompetence . 
  and the police are also pretty shit if firstly they ca n't stop such a thing and secondly they bury it by pretending everything was fine the day after . 
   one major public broadcaster waited , the other reported on the day the other decided to wait why did they decide to wait ? 
  it seems like a pretty major story to break , i know the other person said they were waiting for more soundbites but that sounds like a pretty weird excuse . 
  also when did the other one report on it ? 
  was it the 4th or before that ? 
  because the 4th seems pretty late , that 's playing catch up to an already broken story . 
  reporting on the 4th of january still seems a little late . 
  it was already all over the internet at that point and any journalist worth their salt could think `` hmm maybe there is something there , i should look into this and write a story '' . 
  especially since the police originally said that it was a fine night and nothing went wrong . 
  reddit is literally the most important news source with all the top minds that post here !!, 
  compared to the total number at the end sure , but just 60 would be enough to make me wonder what the hell is going on and to report on it . 
  60 sounds like a high number to me , is 60 attacks in one night in one area a normal thing in germany ? 
  they were already taken over by russia at that point though with the little green men . 
   you are spreading the bullshit lie that pegida , afd , other nazis and interestingly every neo-nazi , `` alt-right '' or russian online news made up that there was a news blockage ( there was n't ) . 
  did n't a major german news agency come out and say `` yeah we did n't report on it but we should of '' . 
  i agree it was n't a major news blockage as you 've just shown but i remember some news agencies did bury it and not report it . 
  it reminds me a lot of that story rolling stone did on the supposed rape by a fraternity that got loads of people riled up and then it turned out to be fabricated . 
  i guess the issue becomes whether you should n't report these cases before they are proven in court due to the risk of this or whether you should report them because it can encourage other victims to come forward ( like with the jimmy savile and bill cosby cases ) . 
  while fake news is a problem i do n't really see any solution . 
  any attempt to block or prevent fake news is massively open to abuse . 
  the only thing i see that can be done is just better fact checking with good analysis of the claims and breaking them down showing how exactly they are wrong . 
  they are n't being rational though , people seem to think that somehow europe has enough food and water for hundreds of millions of people more after the effects of climate change . 
  the eu is a major food importer , what do you think is going to happen when a lot of those importers are cut off either due to war , famine in the providing nation , the destruction of the farming lands and so on . 
  also there is the effect on the oceans too that 's going to shit all over fishing and so on . 
   so what 's going to happen to `` all the other people '' ? 
  well a lot will die due to the wars , famines and so on . 
  the rest will adapt . 
  also the effects are going to happen everywhere , no where will escape . 
   but why make life even more unfair than necessary ? 
  we should n't , but we also should n't be naive and be able to make the hard choices when necessary . 
   why should they martyr themselves for our foolish choices ? 
  well they would n't , they would fight for survival just as we will . 
   i 'm not saying there are any easy solutions , but why do you feel so much more entitled to these basic human needs than the refugees ? 
  just self interest in the end of the day , why would i want to kill myself so someone else can live ? 
   ergo the message of the article : lets avoid a humanitarian shitshow and take climate change seriously . 
  look at current climate change models , it 's already inevitable , now it 's just about how bad it 's going to be . 
  it 's already happening and it 's going to get a lot worse . 
  also all it takes is a country like the us to say climate change is n't real and there is n't much we can do about it . 
   migrations will happen and tolerance and borders will be tested . 
  they will not knock politely and just sit there and sing kumbaya . 
  of course , there will be war and invasions . 
  that 's why a strong military is a good investment . 
   and as far as i can tell the current wave 's ethical , humanitarian , and security concerns will be child 's play compared to the new wave 's . 
  i agree , it 's a whole different ball game that will need an entirely different response . 
   how exactly would that work ? 
  send africa into space ? 
  unless africa is parked a few hundred km off our borders , we will be affected , no matter what . 
  i 'm not even talking about global warming . 
  well will have a strong defensive border to defend ourselves from the inevitable massive ( like tens and hundreds of millions ) migrations and the inevitable wars over resources . 
   if the migrant flow increases dramatically , some very costly and outright horrible measures will have to be taken . 
  why let it come to that point in the first place ? 
  well it 's already too late , africa 's population is still increasing massively . 
  sure the rate has slowed but it 's too little too late . 
  climate change is inevitable at this point , now it 's just about reducing how fucked over we get . 
  so really it 's already come to that point , we just do n't realize it yet . 
   i do n't know if i can speak for everyone but i do n't think the majority of the population would just turn their back to hundreds of millions of people begging entry lest they have a guaranteed death ( not just a poor life like the current refugees ) . 
  sure they will when they know that to let them in would just mean they will die along with them because of famine , destabilization and so on . 
  you seem to be under the illusion that europe can magic food and water out of thin air . 
  we may have rich countries but in the end of the day you ca n't eat or drink money . 
   i 'd rather work in stopping climate change than musing how to isolate my home from people in dire need of help . 
  climate change is inevitable at this point , now it 's just about how hard we are going to get fucked by it . 
   if climate change starts unraveling , these issues will not be factors , they will be direct causes because people will not have access to food , water , safe housing ... anything at all , their home countries will be uninhabitable and that 's when we can not close our doors at all lest we effectively let hundreds of millions die of starvation . 
  those hundreds of millions will die of starvation anyway whether we let them in or not . 
  when all the farming land and food resources are fucked due to climate change we are going to struggle to feed the people in europe already , let alone another hundred million . 
  we simply would n't have the resources , whether it 's clean water , food , shelter and so on . 
   naturally , we 'd rather all die from overpopulation than letting reason prevail . 
  no , of course it 's not our european burden . 
  it 's the burden of all of mankind , because africa is the continent with extreme population growth that is unsustainable for the global environment . 
  it 's unsustainable for africa , it would n't effect us unless we let it . 
  we can try and encourage progress but if they refuse to listen we should leave them to their fate . 
   they 're not gon na go away just because we put up a wall . 
  sure , but it will keep them at bay . 
  there will probably end up being a defensive war other the decent land and resources but i 'm confident in our ability to win if we remain united . 
   where else ? 
  if you do n't think we have any responsibility for them , why would anyone else think they have ?
