  yeah i imagine it really differs country to country, 
   and that 's exactly why the eu is needed : to have a strong voice in the international market , so we can shape things to our advantage . 
  the problem is that voice is n't really united in the slightest , there is so much disagreement . 
  the first thing the eu needs to work out is trying to unify the countries in it , then it can start to work together dealing with the rest of the world . 
  well if there is one way to top off a shitty 2016 it would be stephen hawking dying . 
   i just do n't believe its healthy to somehow claim europe and the european project as a uniquely left idea . 
  it 's pretty funny people think this because the eu is actually on the right economically . 
  so a lot of full on leftists do n't like it . 
   has increased prosperity for all with its trade and cooperation from what i 've read wages have n't really seen much increase . 
  there has n't really been a big increase in prosperity for anyone apart from the people at the very top . 
   this is not about freedom of speech but about hostile propaganda , hate speech , far right agenda peppered with foreign involvement . 
  but it is about freedom of speech . 
  a speech does n't suddenly become unprotected because it says stuff you disagree with . 
  also it 's funny because many far right leaning countries will say similar stuff just flipped to the other side , like russia with the `` homosexual propaganda '' stuff . 
  they see that as hostile foreign propaganda and a far left agenda . 
  that why freedom of speech is so important , it does n't allow one side to block the other because you never know who will end up in control of a government . 
  would you trust donald trump with control over deciding which speech to allow and which speech to block ? 
   freedom of speech is already dead along with the rise of the surveillance state . 
  when you know your 're being watched 24/7 you censor yourself . . 
  it 's not dead yet but yeah it may be on it 's way . 
   as a brit you should be mortified . 
  you brexited based on fake news . 
  there were , for example a ton of articles smearing the romanian community in the uk and while the majority of articles were easily debunked here in romania , in the uk they were taken as a given . 
  less mortified more just disillusioned with politics , at this point i 'm just tired of all the parties and politics in general and just feel really apathetic . 
  that wo n't stop me arguing on reddit though haha also yeah it shitty and our media sucks really bad . 
  but i would n't give up freedom of the press and freedom of speech just because sometimes it goes the wrong way . 
  and replace it with what ? 
  democracy may have it 's issues but i ca n't see any better system to replace it with . 
  i dunno to be honest , it 's a hard thing to rebuild trust that 's been lost . 
  maybe this just has to run it 's course and the populists need to be given enough rope to hang themselves . 
  eh i would say that the fact that people are disillusioned it leads then into buying into such riling up easier . 
  which makes things worse . 
  fair point , i guess there needs to be a balance . 
  but i think mainly this is something we 're just going to learn to live with , though it would help if people were n't so disillusioned with the status quo . 
  i do n't think it has to be limited to school , just in general teach people to be more sceptical and not just blindly trust media and random viral stories . 
  i do n't know exactly how to accomplish this but i think it should be something to be looked into . 
  just after the iraq war with all the stuff that was said as fact that turned out to be bull it should be a lesson learnt that even mainstream media and politicians can mislead people and should be treated with a dose of scepticism . 
   if you look at pictures of some of the cities `` liberated '' in iraq , there is virtually no building left standing . 
  that 's urban warfare for you , especially when your opponent is a big fan of bobby traps and rigging buildings with ieds . 
  yeah , mainstream media have been playing the same game for ages pushing stories with little fact checking that turned out to be outright false . 
  now they 're just pissed that other people are playing the same game . 
  well i do n't think even this is a solution . 
  it may handle some fake news but not others . 
  i think the best idea is just to teach people to be more skeptical in general towards all media because i 've seen fake stories done by many media agencies like large mainstream media groups , smaller news sites and random viral stories . 
   it 's not ideal , but it 's far less worrying than the current trends . 
  i do n't see why people seem to think this is a new trend . 
  it 's been going on for ages , with that girl doing the speech about the babies being taken off incubators and what not before the 1991 gulf war that turned out to be a pr op . 
  the whole build up the the 2003 invasion of iraq where the media played a decisive role . 
  and probably more examples i have n't mentioned . 
  it just seems that now it 's gone against the mainstream media suddenly fake news is a massive issue , but only when other people do it , when they do it it 's still fine . 
   we can dream of scenarios where everyone is acting in good faith and we can convince these people to voluntarily move into a more credible segment of writing , but that 's never going to happen , no matter how much we mope about it . 
  this proposal is something that 's actionable and will have noticeable effects . 
  it is actionable but is also dangerous and wide open to abuse . 
  though i think this idea is better than anything else , at least it 's entirely up to private choice and not some thing done by law . 
  well that 's their right as a independent company . 
  but do n't you find it a bit concerning to have them being the arbiter of which news sites are alright and which are n't ? 
  that much power is easily open to massive manipulation . 
  i agree , but fake news has made a few appearances is syria coverage . 
  like that video of the `` hero syrian boy '' a while back that was reported on that ended up being some made by some random norwegian company . 
  but they said up until the 4th of january sixty reports were made . 
  so that implies that it changed to more on the 4th . 
  i agree that 's an issue but what is the solution ? 
  the media is rife with pieces to appeal to emotion , some fake , some true . 
  that 's just life , we 're emotional creatures after all and not cold and logical . 
  so you get further appealing to emotions than you would appealing to logic . 
  that 's what makes this fake news debate so funny , you got the guardian in another article linked on / r/europe saying how bad fake news is when they and other mainstream media are absolutely atrocious when it comes to covering the war in syria and iraq . 
  it was already reported in local media though and the local media got the reports confirmed by the police . 
  it was in the article someone else linked that was in german . 
  so the story was already broken at that point . 
  so actual journalism would be looking into the local stories and reporting on it instead of letting less than savory media get ahead of you on the story . 
  also the media changed what they were saying several times so it 's not like they even waited to get the proper data . 
  the numbers attacked changed a few times , then it was no refugees involved until it was said there were and so on . 
  yeah you 're probably right, 
  maybe state police ? 
  i just remember reading somewhere there was somewhere the police chief could of got backup from , it could of been wrong though or i 'm just misremembering . 
   yes i agree . 
  in the video you see the huge number of people . 
  how could 80 cops get any control over those ? 
  i do think they did n't know the number of attacks at first and tried to keep it in the down low to cover themselves . 
  yeah there clearly was n't the numbers , but you would think they would call for backup , is n't there some federal police force germany has that provides such things or something like that . 
  but yeah i think they just tried to bury it to cover their incompetence in handling the situation . 
  i agree they likely did n't know of all of the attacks but i do think they knew that such a thing was happening and was widespread . 
  i think even an undercover police officer was assaulted, 
   yeah because at first only a limited number of cases were known . 
  that 's why it was only local news at the start . 
  but that changed after the full scope became known . 
  yeah it does seem that the blame is mainly with the police and the cases were n't really known . 
  though it still seems weird how some many assaults can happen and yet no one really knows about it for 4 days . 
   yeah i think they knew something went down but they either did n't realize the scope or tried to cover their own ass . 
  i 'm guessing the later , it really seems they just tried to bury it . 
  if you look at this police footage https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk3cvojs6ri does it really seems like a fine night ? 
  it sounds like the local media did report on sexual assaults and knew something had gone on from what i read there , with people reporting they were attacked and saying there were many others . 
  also it seems the police did know what had gone on due to confirming those reports to the media on the 2nd yet said the night was fine just a day before . 
  even though police footage released later shows clearly the night was not fine at the time . 
  i can get it on sky , i dunno for the rest of europe though . 
   that 's the point though . 
  until the press conference it was n't widely know . 
  there was not twitter hashtag or something like that . 
  that all started after the conference . 
  check this article http://www.sueddeutsche.de/medien/uebergriffe-an-silvester-warum-die-medien-so-spaet-ueber-koeln-berichteten-1.2808386 can you throw out a google translate for that , i tried to do it but it would n't work for some reason .
