[ according to flightradar24 ] ( https://twitter.com/flightradar24/status/726019009817284608 ) it dropped 2100 feet in the last 10 seconds so i am assuming some form of mechanical failure, 
  yeah , hopefully being so close to bergen would make rescue efforts easier, 
  [ here are the flight details for anyone curious ] ( https://www.flightradar24.com/data/aircraft/ln-ojf#98ee4bc ) edit : it apparently [ dropped 2100 feet in ten seconds ] ( https://twitter.com/flightradar24/status/726019009817284608 ) so i would assume it was some form of mechanical failure . 
  i think it is unlikely there will be any survivors found unfortunately . 
  i 'm trying to think of a group but i really ca n't think of one that does n't have at least a few pricks in it . 
  i agree that they should , i was just pointing out that the abrahamic belief systems are all inherently right wing when it comes to many issues . 
  you say it is n't but is n't the quran pretty clear when it comes to how homosexuality is wrong for example . 
  you may choose to ignore these parts but they are there . 
  all of the abrahamic belief systems are pretty clear when it comes to such things, 
   example ? 
  i sincerely have never heard of one . 
  well right here in this article , the idea that you ca n't shake hands with a woman is an extreme belief in my opinion and should n't be accepted in a leftist party . 
  also again in the article with people in left parties associating with groups such as the grey wolves , a terrorist far right group . 
   i think you are conflating social conservatism with right wing political ideologies . 
  whether or not a politician wants to shake hands with women at the end of the day is inconsequential to leftist policies , which is the whole point of political parties . 
  i disagree , if you 're going to be in a party in a leadership position that believes and strongly advocates in equality of the sexes you should believe it yourself . 
  not even being able to shake a women 's hand is in confliction with this in my opinion . 
   i generally associate leftism with dismantling of social hierarchy and favoring the interests of workers and how can you dismantle the social hierarchy when you believe you ca n't even shake a woman 's hand ? 
  something that comes from a social hierarchy that puts men above women and treats women as something to be kept at a distance because somehow if you shake their hand next you 'll be having sex or some stupid shit like that . 
  it is treating contact with women as an obscenity . 
   and there 's not really a contradiction there no matter what dodgy behavior people of a party are engaging in . 
  sure there is , if i believe women and men should be kept separate in schooling and life in general for example that is a pretty big confliction with the ideology of equality of the sexes , a pretty central belief in many leftist groups . 
   i 'm sure there are leftists who pick their nose and eat it but at the end of the day that was their individual choice to be disgusting and nobody cares because it 's not exactly relevant to anything . 
  well picking your nose and eating it does n't really cause issues for anyone else . 
   i guess but the issue seems exaggerated . 
  if you are an islamist , you are n't really a leftist . 
  any islamist who would attempt to join a leftist party would most likely be looking for attention . 
  yet there seems to be issue after issue with conservative muslims with rather extreme values in my opinion being associated with leftist groups . 
   hilariously , i just looked at the article linked and there is literally no islamist in the swedish green party , whoever posted it here added their own title maybe islamist is the wrong term , i mean more like conservative muslims with values such as not wanting contact with women and often contacts with groups that are clearly far right when you look at their values . 
  i do n't see how not shaking hands with women and contact with such groups is accepted in a modern leftist party . 
  that 's a bit of a stupid comparison to be honest . 
  the late 1930s were a time of events like the kristallnacht and we have seen nothing quite like that , what you 're saying is pure hyperbole . 
  as a leftist muslim would you agree that many leftist organizations are naive and foolish when it comes to dealing with islamists and accepting them into the party ? 
  well if you [ read my comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ghw1h/why_there_are_fresh_hopes_of_a_united_cyprus/d2hsxpf ) you 'll see i was more on about other situations and said clearly that cyprus was n't one of them . 
   just as another observation : do n't confuse greece and cyprus . 
  greek and turkish relations have been normalised a lot in recent years and while obviously cyprus and greece are tight , this is first and foremost a cypriot issue . 
  i 'm not confusing them , i just mentioned turkey and greece because it 's one of the first things that popped into my head because they posted that picture of how turkey was demographically a while ago in a comment . 
   i 'm not sure what i think would be a good solution to the cypriot situation , but you 're misrepresenting things here a bit ... 
  the greek cypriots did n't suddenly wake up 300 years after the event and claim their land back . 
  they 've been consistently objecting from the beginning . 
  in law that makes a huge difference . 
  well yeah that 's why i said earlier that cyprus does n't fit into what i 'm on about because it 's so recent . 
   which is the fault in your final paragraph : when is `` nowadays '' if not in this situation . 
  northern cyprus was heavily sanctioned and punished . 
  it did n't help . 
  should people just give up when the sanctioning does n't work ? 
  and if we do does n't that bring us back to the problem of incentives ? 
  essentially , we 're telling countries that if they steal land and hold out for 30 years , it 'll work out for them ... again , i 'm not on about cyprus . 
  i 'm more talking about different situations where a longer time has passed . 
  well they would n't succeed , it 's a choice between either staying with the uk or joining the roi . 
   i 'm talking about the period after cypriots became totally against the british rule . 
  british empire itself actually founded , and grew the tensions between two communities for being able to hold the island for a longer time , for the exact reasons that you 're mentioning . 
  i would n't say they founded the tensions , they would be there anyway , the idea of enosis was around before the british empire held cyprus . 
  but let them grow sure . 
   there was nobody that wanted a unification with turkey by the way . 
  i just read something that mentioned it , i dunno how accurate it was though . 
   well uk kept those areas under the part of the deal thanks to the tensions . 
  uk became the third `` balancing '' guarantor , and only reason that uk get a change to have those territories was it 's being the `` balancing power '' and cypriots not being united since you know , tensions and so on . 
  yeah i can see that, 
   that was how uk hold the island until it had to give the island it 's independence , and it was how uk hold the current territories on the island . 
  but it was taken from the ottomans so that is how it came to hold it , then it got it 's independence and the current areas were kept under part of the independence deal . 
  or are you saying the tensions were beneficial because it allowed the uk to let the cypriots fight each other rather than focus on independence or union with greece/turkey ? 
  because i would n't be surprised if that was true . 
   in near future , i assume cyprus would gain back those `` british '' territories on the island as well , since uk would be stripped off the ability to use the the current division and the tensions on the island . 
  possibly , i do n't think that the government would want to hand them over though , they are too useful . 
  but if there is enough public pressure i do n't think they would have much choice . 
  also how did the uk use the division and tensions on the island ? 
  from what i have read they mainly stayed out of the whole turkish invasion apart from giving humanitarian aid and allowing people to pass through . 
   strategically insignificant not really , the airbase there is really useful and i 'm pretty sure it 's used for sigint too . 
  makes me want to vote to stay in the eu because we 'll end up stuck with just wales if ni and scotland leave . 
   they will have to , or people could get it individually via the european court of human rights . 
  that would be a good idea , but there is all the chance of turkey just refusing to pay out like what russia has done in the past when it came to judgements . 
   so what do you want ? 
  maybe turkey should invade greece next , will you tell them to get over it ? 
  maybe bulgaria after that ? 
  maybe russia should take kiev ? 
  will you tell the ukrainians to move on ? 
  well those would be new things and i would hope the world would n't stand by and let them happen . 
  i 'm not saying that we should just let bad things be forgotten , but should we hold grudges forever for the mistakes of the past ? 
  should greece and turkey always hate each other , should the balkan nations always hate each other and so on . 
  or should they try and reconcile and move on from the horrors of the past . 
   why should cypriot government , in other words cypriot tax payers , pay the compensations ? 
  that 's why i dunno where the money would be taken from , i just said gas reserves because i could n't think of a better option . 
  maybe it would be good just to pay it for the sake of settling this for good and having a united nation . 
   and there is also the issue about , properties that has been given away to the settlers - which should be paid by turkey itself well if they would agree sure , but i doubt they would agree to payouts . 
   and there is the issue about people not being able to use our properties for decades . 
  that 's also an issue , i dunno how you would sort that out though . 
   two options , or a third option that is about returning a part of it and compensation for the rest should be choosable for everyone . 
  maybe it 's the best option . 
  yeah maybe, 
   if you keep getting pushed around and conceding , you end up with absolutely nothing . 
  and if you never forgive and let things be you 'll end up in a never ending state of war because everyone has some part in history where they got the shaft and lost some land or acted the prick and gained some land . 
  that 's possible and in a case where that does happen i hope that another referendum will be held because i do n't think anyone wants a return to the troubles . 
  well what 's the alternative , grudges that last forever and ethnic cleansing whenever a group says `` hey , three hundred years ago that land was ours so gim me '' and starts a war . 
  there must come a point where you just let bygones be bygones because half the land in the world is stolen from someone at some point in history . 
  you just got to heavily sanction and punish nations that do do that kinda stuff now days and not recognize the lands that are taken . 
  i would say compensation is a better idea . 
  i dunno where the money would be taken from though , maybe if the gas reserves work out you can use that money . 
  well then there can be another referendum due to the chance in circumstances , that 's what the scots seem like they are going to do in the event of a brexit . 
  then hold a referendum and see what the people who live there want .
