   europe abandoning the refugees still stuck in syria and unable to leave the country is genuinely shameful . 
  there 's nothing good about this . 
  what are they meant to do about the people still in syria ? 
   `` western superior values '' ? 
  maybe they have a different idea of what those values are . 
  or think that because they are superior they need to be protected from other cultures . 
   if the jews came knocking in the '30s and '40s just send them back , right ? 
  i would n't say we should . 
  they are targeted for a genocide and there are no other safe harbors in the area , that is why it was men , women and children fleeing instead of just mainly men . 
  also they are more than willing to aid us in the fight and serve in our armed forces and defend our homeland . 
   you 're american . 
  your country is the reason why those problems exist and you did fuck all to help the people being slaughtered for it . 
  that 's a massive oversimplification , the us deserves are fair share of the blame but things are rarely as simple as there being a single cause of it all . 
  maybe they just have a different idea of what those values are than you ? 
  also would you said our society and culture is better ? 
  because either it is and we should be more intensive in pushing it and stopping other `` lesser '' cultures . 
  or it is n't and we should n't feel obligated to be morally superior in the slightest as we are no different than anywhere else . 
  well if a country makes a massive effort to systematically exterminate you then you would n't exactly want to go back there . 
  and they mainly went to israel and the us . 
  and that 's why we should focus on increasing funding for the camps to arrange for education to be provided instead of trying to care for people directly in europe at a greatly increased cost . 
  also their lives are put on hold anyway , they are fleeing their homes and their country is a warzone . 
  well yeah they can settle down temporarily , nothing wrong with that . 
  as long as it 's remembered that once the war is over then it 's time to go home . 
  i 'm expecting that to happen to be honest, 
  why would they ? 
  they see the problems that are happening elsewhere , why would they put themselves in a situation to have to deal with the same issues . 
  it would be foolish . 
  just give it a while and there will be another terrorist attack or something along those lines and it 'll be easier again, 
  or just make sure they are safe until the war is over, 
  i dunno , assad is taking back more and more territory . 
  isis is on the back foot and is losing more and more . 
  i think this war is in it 's closing stages unless something crazy happens . 
  but are n't they meant to just be fleeing until the war is over ? 
  so why would they be building a new life when the point is that they go back when the conflict ends . 
  fair does , i can see how that can happen, 
  i do n't and i think people should n't trust them too much . 
  governments can always change and what could be a trusted government one day might not be the next . 
  and once you give these powers it 's a lot harder to revoke them . 
   the fast propagation over social platforms has proven the potential of false statements/lies to change the outcome of elections and referendums . 
  this has yet to be proven . 
  i would wait for a few independent studies into this first . 
  but even if it is true i do n't see why i should destroy freedom of the press over it . 
  you should instead teach people to be more skeptical of media instead of blindly following what they are told . 
  also there is the fact that political parties have been bullshitting their way into power since the dawn of time , yet somehow it only seems to be a big issue now . 
  it just sounds like there was already clear discontent that was directed in a bad manner , so therefore we should work on improving who things are for them , also a load of education could n't go wrong . 
  you have to remember you ca n't really rile up people as much who are content with the way things are . 
   this was much less of a problem in the past . 
  i find that very disconcerting this has always been an issue and it has effected elections before . 
  black propaganda has been used by political parties a fair few times in the past and i would say that 's even more extreme than what has been happening now . 
   this is very poor reasoning , and effectively states that people from certain states are more important and have greater rights than others . 
  now imagine if someone said that black people did not have the same voting power as white people . 
  its the same level of stupidity . 
  even more in fact when you realise that that the most populated regions are also the most educated . 
  i never said it was a good idea , i just said what i thought the reason for it was . 
  you seem to be arguing as if i said it was good and i agree with it . 
  the electoral college is strange thing , but it has it 's reasoning . 
  it is so all the states get good representation not just the most populated ones . 
   let 's not call it `` fake '' news whatever that is anyway . 
  it 's the current buzz word when it comes to this . 
   i 'm talking about false statements and blatant lies that are easy to fact-check and declare as such . 
  then they should be declared false . 
  i do n't see why more steps are needed . 
  just openly point out the flaws and post a well written debunking . 
  such a thing should be done more often to be honest . 
   it is not an emotional decision to have those made illegal i think it is very reasonable it sets a dangerous precedent . 
  it creates the idea that the government must decide on what the truth is . 
  you have to remember that people always think they are objective and what they think is the truth is the real supreme truth . 
  and it is a emotional decision , such a things have happened for ages but now people are massively overreacting and treating it as if the world is going to end and we need the government to protect us . 
   yes like that 's gon na work . . the empowerment of people is only a viable option if people were not susceptible to emotional decision making . 
  this is not new but the speed with which false information propagates these days takes this to an unprecedented level . 
  sounds like an overreaction to me . 
  also this whole `` yeah lets try and block fake news '' is emotional decision making in of itself . 
  i 'm sure similar things were said in the days of the printing press . 
   as long as other aspects of democracy and constitutional rights are respected i do n't see anything wrong with governmental control in this regard but you ca n't ensure that can you , you can just hope for it . 
  we have already seen many widespread government abuses when it comes to spying and what not , yet somehow people seem to think if we hand over the idea of a free press , they will totally be unbiased and it wo n't be abused at all . 
  why are you talking about the american courts all of a sudden ? 
  also this would get shut down in america instantly for violating the first amendment . 
  courts have been bias before , is there not a real risk of such a process being abused . 
  for example if the government wanted to bury a story that came from an anonymous source for example . 
  they could say `` yeah you are just making it up , it 's fake news , if it 's true some me your sources '' . 
  also with the precedent set that it 's ok for the state to take action against media what would prevent a more radical party using such powers to an abusive manner . 
   trump lost by 3 million votes to someone who was universally disliked . 
  the fun of the electoral college , the amount of votes only goes so far . 
   sanders was the most popular by far . 
  he was popular sure , but the whole `` yeah he would of won in record numbers '' is just being delusional . 
  though i think he may of given trump a better fight . 
   keep kidding yourselves . 
  i could say the same to you, 
  governmental control is not a reasonable option , it 's a dangerous precedent to allow to the government to set up a ministry of truth and will decide what is true and what is false . 
  a better way to deal with this is to teach people to be more skeptical of media in general . 
  also encourage fact checking . 
  we have been dealing with fake news for a long time and it 's been alright , yet somehow it suddenly seems like the end of the world for some people and now the state must control media outlets more . 
   bernie sanders would have won that election in record numbers . 
  lol now who 's the one believing utter bullshit, 
  is n't there a lot of problems with crime in paris also ? 
  so that could also be driving people away . 
  does that mean we 're going to get our own autobahn ? 
  i 'm a far right winger to you too apparently so i 'm not going to trust your judgement on who is and who is n't one . 
  i 'm a far right winger ? 
  that 's news to me .
