  that sounds like a solution for making sure that only people who use the subreddit can vote but not really one for the whole one person one vote issue because plenty of people have alts that will also have some karma on . 
  i do think a vote like that would be a good idea for getting a general feeling of the attitude here towards certain rules and ideas though that the mods can take into account and hopefully act on . 
  i would n't trust it with electing mods though , to open to being hijacked by one group or another . 
   yeah , fuck the democracy !, 
  let me be the head of moderator team . 
  they have a point to be fair , anyone could vote multiple times in any supposed mod election by just having several accounts and using some proxies . 
  also there is no protection from off site brigrading to rig any election . 
  just look at how many times there has been public votes online where random trolling stuff has been voted to the top . 
  so there is no real way of having a representative democracy because there is n't a real way of ensuring one man one vote . 
  and that the people voting even use the subreddit . 
   it 's the dominant viewpoint . 
  i am just shocked at how much it changed this time around , because muslims were involved . 
  i disagree it 's the dominant viewpoint in real life , here maybe . 
  i would say people are generally sympathetic to sexual assault victims . 
  yeah there are still issues with victim blaming but i would n't say that what you are saying is a dominant viewpoint  i mean the semen was not even dry on these victims , yet breitbart was going full steam with its crusade against feminism . 
  they literally could not wait . 
  well yeah but that site is known for such things , it 's a pretty shit news site . 
  shame the more mainstream media dropped the ball on this initially allowing these such sites to fill the void . 
   it 's pretty clear that the victims are used for political gain , hence the lying and deception about the actual number . 
  they are used for political gain sure , i ca n't argue here . 
  the right likes to big this event up , making generalizing claims about groups of people and the left like to ignore the politically inconvenient facts about this case . 
  very few are actually just thinking of the victims . 
   and to pre-empt you , yes the left does this too . 
  everyone does . 
  it 's politics . 
  for a guy who moments ago complained about things being attributed to them that were n't said you sure do like to do it to others . 
  it 's very hypocritical , you 're already treating me as if you know my exact viewpoints when i have expressed very little of what i actually think . 
   you just did . 
  you asked me out of nowhere something irrelevant . 
  the other guy started accusing me that i am denying facts , it sounds like you are following in his footsteps . 
  well i 'm sorry if i came across like that it was n't my intention . 
   why would you even need to ask otherwise ? 
  let me ask you , what do you think a progressive liberal would think of hundreds of sexual assault complaints ? 
  usually sure but you 'd be surprised , i 've seen a fair few supposed progressive liberals act like this event was nothing special and not that big of a deal . 
   actually by 6th of april there were 529 complaints of sexual assault . 
  this started out at ~ 150 complaints and kept increasing until april . 
  and the only reason i mention this is n't because i doubt them ( i absolutely do n't doubt them ) but because we all know that if it was n't muslims we would be dismissing those women in no time . 
  we would be dismissing them ? 
  speak for yourself maybe but i would n't be . 
  also 529 is still an insane amount for one day . 
   women partying at night , 4 months later start accusing others of sexual assault ? 
  they would be talked down as hysterical feminazis , or even sluts who were looking for it and later changed their minds , as we very often hear . 
  what relevance does the viewpoints of some idiots have to this ? 
  it seems you are using the actions of them to dismiss any concern about this . 
   but now we are taking them seriously ( as we should ) only because muslims are involved . 
  not only that , but apparently we can double the number of complaints as you did , because we have an agenda to push , right ? 
  i just went from the [ number on wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_year's_eve_sexual_assaults_in_germany ) , it says there were more than 1,000 victims . 
  but i guess it 's easier for you to just attribute malice to what i did because then you can dismiss what i say out of hand . 
   we are not talking if it `` matters '' but about its frequency . 
  and i was curious to see how often he thinks women are getting gangraped , since he mentioned it . 
  but i guess i wo n't find out because now he switched to soviet occupation . 
  fair does , but i assume that you would agree that there is clearly a major issue that needs to be worked on ? 
   now i think it matters regardless of frequency . 
  but its hard to follow you guys if you keep changing the goalposts . 
  every second comment to talk about something else , as if all you care about is to stir the pot and generate anger and toxicity against immigrants ( duh ) and against myself ( for attributing things to me that i did n't say ) . 
  it 's ironic that you complain about things being attributed to you that you did n't say yet do the same to me saying `` but its hard to follow you guys if you keep changing the goalposts '' and `` as if all you care about is to stir the pot and generate anger and toxicity against immigrants '' . 
  i have done neither of those things so do n't throw me in with others you may of had issues with . 
   so is this your final construct ? 
  when should we expect these weekly rapefests ? 
  are they already happening with all these refugees who have invaded , or is it like next year ? 
  does it have to happen weekly to matter ? 
  do you not think the events of cologne and elsewhere show a worrying new type of attack that may become more common if no action is taken . 
   people were literally asking if its safe to visit cologne or will they get raped ? 
  literally . 
  well you ca n't really blame people for being worried when there were recently the events of new years where something ridiculously high like a thousand women were assaulted just on that one night with the police not being able to prevent it . 
  and that 's why you do n't run off into an aggressive crowd without riot gear and without much backup . 
   and wednesday 's police demo also turned violent as protesters smashed a police vehicle with iron bars , forcing the two officers inside to flee the car , before hurling a petrol bomb into it ~ ~ i 'm pretty sure they actually threw it in while the police were still inside ~ ~ edit : i think it was a flare not a petrol bomb that was thrown in while the police were still inside . 
  i was watching the live stream of the protest and the car was smoking while the cops were still in the car , some decent people helped them out the car and went in between the attackers and the police . 
  you can see a video of it here , https://twitter.com/ruptly/status/732883112493867008, 
  not a permanent force to my knowledge but there are nato forces currently deployed there and and likely to be there in the foreseeable future . 
  most nato countries do n't matter , it 's the us , france and uk and a few others that give it it 's teeth . 
  also with us and other nations troops already in the baltics they would have to be attacked in any theoretical invasion pulling those countries immediately into the war because there is no way they would let their soldiers get killed and do nothing . 
  i am leaning towards voting in , the eu may have lots of shit but there is enough good mixed in to make it worth while . 
  but i 'm open to bribery if the eu wants to send some ukrainian babes my way . 
  well i think farming is a big cultural thing in norway too so people care about it a lot . 
  but i 'm not sure on that . 
  actually from what i 've read the farming was one the main reasons because many of the norwegian farmers were up in arms about the idea of joining the eu because of the effect it would have on them . 
  that 's why there was such rural backlash against the idea of joining . 
  the norwegians in this thread have also mentioned it and do you really think you know better about the situation than the norwegians themselves ? 
  is n't norway mostly rock and shit , so farms not being as productive is kinda expected when you do n't have as much decent farmland . 
  argo and u-571 just from the top of my head, 
  well the harlem hell fighters are included for sure and they fought under french command with french troops . 
  so i ca n't imagine they would include them and not the french army that they served with . 
  also the harlem hell fighters ( who are included in the game ) fought under french command and with french troops during ww1 . 
  so unless they are going full historical revisionism they have to include the french . 
  well you need to include the ottomans if you want to have cool levels in the middle eastern theatre of ww1 . 
   it least all people in ussr had the same civil rights since day one regardless of skin color and sex . 
  all other countries in the world were behind in this questions . 
  if you really believe this then i ca n't be bothered arguing with you . 
   read the mentioned wiki article . 
  it is about joke , but it has real roots . 
  it is hard to imagine for modern people how big was soviet influence all around the world . 
  never heard about soviet spys in gb ? 
  many people were cooperating with ussr on free will , just to make the world better . 
  yeah because many people had delusions about what the ussr was and thought it was some glorious communist state . 
  now days they call those kinda people tankies . 
   only those who cooperated with nazi germany . 
  the us did the same for japanies just in case . 
  it 's disgusting that you try and justify it , yeah because all the women and children cooperated . 
  also yeah the us did the same to the american-japanese and is acknowledged now to be a disgraceful act and a shameful part in american history .
