  reparations were paid and a apology issued . 
  oh fair does , yeah i agree the people 's viewpoint changes all the time . 
  but the people should condemn the actions of the past and not try and excuse them , like some russians do with the ussr and some british people do with the british empire . 
   really ? 
  ok , what about slavery ? 
  where does slavery come into this ? 
   it is good that you remind about black people rights in the usa . 
  that is a good example what good ussr did : without pressure from ussr progress in this area would be much slower . 
  lolwut , it was n't external pressure that changed the us . 
  it was internal pressure . 
  also ussr progress ? 
  it was deporting ethnicities and generally fucking over various groups , that 's hardly progress . 
  yeah it was brutal to russians also , that 's why it 's important to see the ussr for what it was , a brutal regime . 
  it 's a fair amount but no way near enough to show consensus . 
  there is a reason soviet rule did n't last long the first time , the latvian people did n't want it . 
  some latvians did sure , many latvians did n't . 
   maybe that 's because that would be admitting they take part in something ussr did . 
  well they were forced into joining so it 's not like they were taking part by choice . 
   share the glory ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  it is a common knowledge that ussr was n't russia alone and it 's achievments were n't russia 's alone . 
  well i have n't seen any say latvians saying how they sent the first man into space . 
  it does seem to be something just attributed to russia . 
   some ex-ussr countries chose to distance themselves from ussr , they were `` occupied by russians '' , nothing good was created there and ussr was some evil empire well a lot of them were occupied , for example it 's not like latvia got much choice in whether to join or not , same with estonia and lithuania . 
  they were invaded and that was it , they were now part of the ussr . 
  and come on the ussr was a pretty evil empire , yeah there maybe were some good things too but overall it was a bad thing . 
  oh fair does , i guess no space for poland then . 
   so a genocide is any mass policy which is designed to bring about existential issues for a people right ? 
  ie if i chemically castrated indian men , that would clearly be a genocide despite killing nobody well it depends , but yeah mass castration if targeted at a group of people is classed as genocide i think . 
  so poland can in fact go into space , i 'm sure they 'll be pleased . 
  but anyway , while you may think this , do you really think many russians and the current government would agree to share the glory ? 
  sure but ideally you 're meant to have talks about it , hold a referendum and then it can be part of russia if the results want that . 
  not just invade first and then retroactively try and justify it . 
   how about not blaming any nation at all ? 
  because soviets were not about ethnicity , and in absolute numbers , russians suffered the most . 
  so would you say that the praise of all those space milestones and other achievements should go to all the ex soviet union countries instead of just to russia ? 
  no idea , it may do but genocide is a specific term that has all kinds of provisions to be met for it to be classed as genocide . 
  it was definitely ethnic cleansing though . 
  well even then it 's still not true , we had the ira in the uk , spain had eta and there is probably some others i ca n't remember . 
  also there were loads of random terrorist attacks and what not like the munich massacre , iranian embassy siege and so on . 
   leave how ? 
  this is our second referendum and it took more than forty years . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think we 're likely to get another anytime soon after more integration . 
  well if the british public massively rallied against it then the government would have no choice . 
  sure there wo n't be another referendum straight away but there can always be another on in the future if there were major policies to vote about . 
   and change it from within ? 
  what a fucking joke . 
  well if you think it 's a joke then you know which way to vote do n't you . 
   in fairness british history is interesting enough to attract tourists ( like me ) by itself -- perhaps more of your own history could be given a prominent display . 
  but looting other countries is our history haha but seriously , yeah that would be a good idea , i hope they at least keep the rosetta stone though , it 's too cool to let go . 
   not to mention the king tut exhibit which is a modern re-creation and was hugely successful yeah , never as cool as the real thing though . 
   this is just saying , `` i do n't like the current democratically elected uk government , i 'd rather those people over there had the power since i like them '' . 
  it is just a way to bypass democracy this is just me deciding my vote and depending on how it turns out it will either be in or out and the people will decide . 
  so it 's not bypassing democracy . 
   this question follows though . . what happens if the eu becomes something you do n't like ? 
  well then we can leave in the future or try and change it from within . 
   it is quicker and easier for the people of the uk to change the uk government that to change the eu government . 
  i dunno , our voting system is wank and there is hardly a decent selection of parties . 
   also , if you think hard about what it is you dislike about the uk government , you 'll find that the source of your dislike is n't just from the government , but from the system that put them in power . 
  if we did n't have fptp and instead had a more proportional and representative government , you 'd probably prefer it to the eu . 
  i probably would yeah , but at current i see plenty of totally ridiculous laws coming from the government and some pretty frighting laws . 
  so it makes me glad to have to eu human rights court to shoot some of their ideas down , i definitely would n't trust the current government to come up with a new bill of rights alone . 
   reddit is actually one of the few websites that i personally feel comfortable discussing these topics . 
  yeah , here people will just get scolded for being left-wing and pro-immigration instead . 
   because apparently this sub censors discussion about migrants . 
  well they just removed this thread showing there is an effort to remove certain articles it seems, 
   the longer time passes , the more likely we are to forget . 
  in most european countries , it 's the younger generation that 's more eurosceptic than their parents . 
  well i hope we do n't forget and sure , the younger generation are usually the ones to challenge the status quo , in this case the eu . 
  i always thought it was the opposite with the younger being more pro-eu but i guess i was wrong on that . 
   anyways , it seems we have fundamentally different premises and probably should just agree to disagree . 
  fair does, 
   i really think you 're overestimating human rationality . 
  and you are massively underestimating it . 
   in case of a eu breakup it 's likely that a lot of bad blood and resentment will be generated it really depends how a breakup happens . 
  if it 's something done democratically and with the eu accepting members leaving and not trying to fuck them over then it would be alright . 
  but if the eu imploded and fragmented and that 's how it falls then yeah that could cause some bad blood . 
   i do n't think it 's unlikely at all that a few decades later scapegoating , populism and competing interests leads to remilitarization and thereafter war . 
  i doubt it , as i said . 
  war is just a zero sum game for europe . 
  there could be some competing interests but with the amount of trade it 's still more profitable for everyone to remain on good terms . 
   yes , rationally a european war would be completely self destructive , but that was also the case before ww1 started . 
  european nations still went at it with a great deal of enthusiasm . 
  yes and after ww1 there were massive changes in the attitude towards a european war and ww2 so soon after only cemented this . 
  the attitude towards war is very different in europe than it used to be , many nations of europe are still haunted by the wars of the past . 
  yeah i agree with you there . 
  sure , but it 's not like you are open to be shafted by everyone if you are n't part of the eu . 
  ~ ~ what are you on about , there are articles like this posted a lot . 
  yeah the mods have made some daft decisions in the past but it 's hardly like talk about migration is banned here . ~ ~ scratch all that since they removed it , wrongly in my opinion . 
  if you think this news is only relevant to sweden you 're kidding yourself . 
  i disagree , the eu may make some difference sure but i do n't think any nations in europe are itching for another big european war or even have the military to pull it off . 
  it 's a zero sum game , any large scale or even small scale european war among the nations currently in the eu would be far to costly and damaging to make it worth it to anyone . 
  sure it could happen , but it could happen with or without the eu . 
  i think it 's very very unlikely though . 
  well ww1 was a very different situation , there were competing alliances , arms races and so on . 
  but yeah you never know , a war would n't come out of nowhere though , there would be lots of tensions are shit leading up to it and we are n't in a situation like that currently in europe . 
  yeah they were applying diplomatic pressure , but it 's not as extreme as that person was making out . 
  yeah i agree they should be handed back , but the british museum is gon na suck without all the looted artefacts . 
  also when i fist heard the parthenon marbles i thought it was literally a set of marbles haha, 
   i 've never claimed it would fall apart , that 's something you 've invented yourself .
