  well the idea is that they go first and then request unification so their family can be brought direct . 
  you may disagree with allowing this to happen but you must understand the logic behind such an action . 
   if we have to do it for all of them , that will be millions of new refugees , guarenteed . 
  well yeah there probably will , that is why there should be some changes in my opinion . 
  anyone who comes via the boat route should have unification rejected and deported if possible and people should be taken directly from the camps in reasonable numbers after screening with families given priority . 
  i agree it 's a hard choice and i empathize with the people making it . 
  but i also think the situation needs to change and this deadly lottery of the richer risk takers getting priority while the poorer and people who ca n't leave for whatever reason get left behind needs to change . 
  there should be a massive effort to discourage and prevent the boat arrivals and there should be a system to take people directly as a family group . 
  i imagine it would reduce a lot of the issues we are having now and be a lot better of a situation overall . 
  well then the journey must be more dangerous than their current situation . 
  because obviously people would choose the option with the least danger right ? 
  you would n't stay in aleppo ( during the height of the battle ) rather than taking the risk of a boat ride . 
  but if you were in a relatively safe refugee camp then you would stay there because the boat ride and journey is a greater risk . 
   safer than the journey can still be pretty damn shitty/dangerous . 
  yeah but obviously not too bad . 
  the journey itself is n't too risky statistically , yeah it 's not great but it 's not like 25 % fail rate or anything . 
   i can get behind this line of argument , but it does n't really speak against accepting them . 
  germany and the uk are pretty much the main countries providing funding for the camps , so we should look at other countries if we want to blame someone in this regard . 
  well it does speak against accepting them because it encourages just jumping the queue . 
  why would you bother with paperwork that could take a while when you can just get a boat over and skip the queue . 
  it 's all about risk vs reward . 
   this is nice talk , but not very realistic . 
  total resettlements in 2015 , one of the worst years in terms of refugee flows totalled 80,000 people . 
  that 's nothing . 
  literally nothing . 
  yeah because everyone was too focused on the ones arriving by boat . 
  if that was stopped and prevented then the focus could be on taking people directly . 
  also the craziness of the whole boat stuff , terrorist attacks and what not have pissed away a lot of the good will . 
  it could of been prevented if a hard stance was taken to boat arrivals and priority given to people who take a legal route . 
   that 's nice talk , but unrealistic . 
  where do you want to deport them to ? 
  you can not legally deport into countries like syria . 
  a deal could be made like the one with turkey , just offer a large amount of funding and promise to massively help with the camps in jordan , lebanon and turkey and i 'm sure a deal could be reached . 
  it would probably be cheaper in the long run than the situation as is , as well as a lot better security as people could be screened . 
  also if you say `` yeah if you come via boat there is zero chance of your family coming over and you will be detained '' i imagine less people would take the journey as there would be very little incentive . 
   i do . 
  creating gun supply and demand and gun culture only attracts the sort of gun violence that exists in america . 
  europe does n't have america 's gun culture and we also do n't have anywhere near their gun homicide rate and i quite like it that way . 
  having more guns does n't automatically give you an america gun culture . 
  switzerland already has it 's own gun culture that is different and while it has plenty of firearms in circulation and plenty of citizens with guns it has nothing like the gun violence problems america has . 
  of course and if there are issues with how things currently are you can change the law . 
  then there are cases to determine if what happens is by the book . 
  a legal challenge is the best way to set precedent and determine exactly what the law means . 
  would you leave your children ( if you had anyway ) behind in a dangerous situation ? 
  sure the journey would be stressful but that 's better than leaving them behind in danger . 
   because the journey is n't exactly safe so the journey is more dangerous than the area they are currently in then . 
  because i know if i had a choice between staying in a very dangerous area or taking a pretty dangerous journey to reach safety i 'd choose the latter every time . 
   and because it was pretty damn expensive even for a single person . 
  yeah and that 's why it 's a bad idea to accept them , it 's discriminatory towards those with money and leaves the poorer behind . 
  it would be better to invest in improving the camps so all can benefit instead of just the privileged few . 
  then you could arrange a system to take people direct as a family group after screening . 
  people arriving by boat should be detained and deported as they are jumping the queue so to speak . 
  to be fair this is them mainly suing so their families can join them , it 's not like they are suing for bullshit reasons or anything . 
  you may disagree with that being allowed but i would say that wanting you family to join you is n't an unreasonable or ungrateful action . 
  well they must already be safe otherwise why would they be left behind ? 
  if my family was in a dangerous situation i would bring them with me to safety , not leave them behind in a dangerous place . 
   i am not an ideologue and i generally dislike that mode of thinking . 
  for me , practicality comes before ideology . 
  i highly doubt that, 
  they may be talking about the cologne police saying that everything was fine the day after when obviously things clearly were n't . 
   if we wanted stop terrorists with modern technology we would have to detect when ever a journalist writes another news article and shutdown his computer . 
  the only reason terrorism works is because the moment something like this happens we get a 48 hours of ` news ' no , terrorism has been a thing well before the whole 48 hour news coverage and has been effective long before that . 
   at the moment we ca n't hold people that need to get deported more than a few days ( such a law was blocked from the spd until now ) , so they could n't do anything without these tunesian papers . 
  well hopefully that law will be changed to stop things like this happening . 
   2.0 about the spd blocking : at least that 's what the cdu says , i do n't know if that 's true or just typical stuff because of the election next year . 
  well if they voted on it i imagine it 's in the public record . 
  you 'd think such information would at least make it so they detain him pending deportation if there is n't enough evidence to convict instead of just letting him wonder free . 
  sure but the funding that goes to that could be used to hire more people who do more serious things like monitoring terrorists . 
   anti-fascism is not fascism it can be , east germany back in the day used to call the berlin wall the anti-fascist protective wall . 
  we do , that 's why there are heavily regulations about driving . 
  you need a license , there are a fuck ton of laws regarding roads and so on . 
   i do n't think so . 
  people with strong beliefs tend to read what they want to read in other peoples ' comments . 
  that 's a fair point , people do often see what they want to see . 
  but that does n't mean the implication is n't there , as one may see it due to their strong beliefs another may choose to ignore it . 
   i am concerned how terrorism will affect our societies . 
  i think america handled it badly the past 2 decades . 
  i would agree america handled it badly but they had the worst terrorist attack ever and it was such a publicized spectacle . 
  there was just nothing quite like it and there may never be again hopefully . 
  so it 's no surprise it generated a massive reaction . 
  if such a thing happened elsewhere i doubt it would be much different . 
  maybe even worse . 
   and yes i am outraged against outrage culture . 
  i do n't think that is hypocritical . 
  let me justify that before downvoting : i do n't have a problem with anyone being outraged per se , but i have a problem with someone being outraged at things that were never said by anyone . 
  well that 's fair , that sort of a thing is an issue . 
   also , nobody is saying you should ignore it . 
  literally nobody . 
  eh i 've seen a few things that strongly imply you should just ignore this . 
   people are angry at things that nobody said . 
  this is outrage culture and i do n't like it . 
  it 's the same with the same whiny guys who cry about being called `` racist '' all day long . 
  but if you search the comments , that accusation is rarely , if at all , brought against anyone . 
  well yeah a lot of people get outraged over things not said , that 's pretty common . 
  i 've seen some pretty crazy outrage culture like the guy who said a commenter was a bad as isis . 
   all i can say is : fuck outrage culture . 
  being upset is n't an excuse . 
  does it mean they get a free pass to insult progressives ( or the people they believe to be progressives ) ? 
  it does n't . 
  we are all affected by this , myself probably more than 99 % of the people in this sub , so no they should n't act like cunts and insult us nor should you make excuses for people acting like cunts .
