  also some may want things discriminatory , for example orthodox jewish groups may want gender separation on buses and certain public areas for example ( and such a thing happened in new york until is was found illegal ) . 
  but such a thing would not be legal in many places . 
   what you are asking is to strip someone from their rights just because you do n't have one is highly illogical to me . 
  well it 's unequal treatment under the law . 
  sounds like a good thing to try and prevent even if it is something minor . 
   but you see , you do n't have that special request and that 's why you want to deny people who have one . 
  well it 's for the sake of equal treatment under the law for all citizens . 
  allow all headgear or disallow all headgear , either way would give equal treatment to all citizens . 
   no rule is broken . 
  you did n't read the article , heck you did n't even read the title !, 
  did you read the article ? 
  it says and i quote `` headcoverings are in principle unacceptable [ ... ] exceptions are only made for medical or religious reasons . '', 
  the rule is there saying no headcovering but if you are religious then you can have an exemption to that rule . 
  so therefore it 's ok to break the no head covering rule if you have a religious reason to do so . 
   wearing hijab in passport photo is allowed , the bigoted politician wants to ban it . 
  only due to the religious exemption and that 's what i take issue with . 
  it allows some people to bypass the rule and others not to . 
  it 's just an appeal to the fact that since it 's been done like that for so long then it 's ok that it breaks the rules . 
  i do n't think a belief should innately get more value or respect just because of it 's age , it 's not a fine wine . 
  also the whole `` you wo n't always have that on '' is a bad argument , does something get more respect and the right to exemptions just because someone does it all the time ? 
  if i wear a bowler hat everywhere does that make it something people should respect and make exemptions for me so i can keep wearing it ? 
  also fair treatment with respect to their culture is n't fair treatment . 
  by granting an exemption they 're getting something that others do n't , therefore unfair treatment . 
   not at all . 
  you as a non-religious person can also wear a hijab  but i could n't wear other headgear that has the same effects , for example having a hood up in photos or wearing a kick ass hat . 
  so there in lies the difference in treatment . 
   have you even read the article ? 
  there is no such rule to enforce to begin with . 
  it 's about establishing a new bigoted one targeting a certain group of people . 
  well there is a rule saying that you ca n't wear headgear but exemptions are granted for religious or medical reasons . 
  personally i think religious exemptions should be done away with . 
  it 's unfair to other people because it allows some people to break the rules because they happen to be religious . 
  it 's acceptable in the uk too , in the us you apparently have to show your ears though . 
  hair may not but apparently they use your ears to help id you . 
   it 's because in a few short years we really , really wo n't be full . 
  populations are not breeding enough to support the social services through tax and basic manpower . 
  the only answer for populations to have enough people and tax to support our way of life is for immigration to keep our ageing population on the same level , or else in 20 years no one under 35 will have pensions , because we will not be able to pay for it . 
  the ageing population is a more serious issue than immigration i 'd argue . 
  yeah but immigration is n't a solution to this , all it is is just kicking the can further down the road . 
  if the people who come here get permanent residency then their elderly care will have to be paid for and then you 'll need more people are so on . 
  it also leads to an ever increasing population and that 's totally unsustainable in the long term . 
  what would be a better solution is trying to invest in automation and doing more with less people to actually fix the problem instead of just putting it off again and again . 
  or you could just let people immigrate for work but never give them residency or citizenship . 
   they 're not any different . 
  apart from that , asala terrorists did n't only need state sponsor , they had the support of the armenian people do you really think all armenian 's supported them ? 
  there was a lot of support among the diaspora but it was hardly all the people . 
  also the group supposedly lost a lot of the support it had after the airport attack , helping lead to its end . 
  if there was still strong support for the methods it would still be going on now . 
   yet only a small minority in turkey support the bozkurts , they 're seen as violent idiots by the most . 
  they 're our golden dawn . 
  yeah they do n't have massive support but still a fair bit . 
  and anti-armenian sentiment including violent rhetoric and actions is hardly limited to just that group . 
  how is that any different from say the grey wolves who targeted armenian 's ? 
  i do n't really see how they are any worse , apart from the grey wolves were state sponsored . 
  wikipedia does have problems with that , anyone with a bias can edit it , though that 's not the only source fortunately . 
   sorry , but that will have to change over the years . 
  turks are a nationalist people and a turk in armenia would be treated worse than an armenian would be treated in turkey . 
  got any evidence for that ? 
  i have n't really seen many attacks on turkish people in armenia . 
  and calling someone turkish is n't a de-facto insult there to my knowledge . 
   there is discrimination indeed but this has nothing to do with official oppression , which is the main topic we 're supposed to be discussing . 
  i 'm talking about oppression in general not just official codified oppression . 
  i dunno what i 've said that made you think i was only talking about stuff that is written in law . 
   do these constitute as official oppression ? 
  not really . 
  these are issues we all need to solve . 
  i agree they are n't official oppression but can still be oppression . 
  and often oppression from the state can happen even if it 's not written in law . 
  public opinion of certain groups effects state actors like say police officers just as it does the average person . 
  also i agree these are issues that need to be solved , but they wo n't be solved by trying to suppress cultures . 
  that just causes conflict as shown all over the world from turkey to ireland and so on . 
   you 're confusing social stigmas with official rights now . 
  if we put it your way , turks are oppressed in germany because we 're kanacken over there , and we 're oppressed in iran because we 're called '' torke khar '' over there and so on well if it 's very widespread and causes major issues in peoples day to day lives then yeah i would say that 's oppression . 
  it 's does n't have to be legally sanctioned for it to happen . 
  oppression does n't just mean stuff that is written into law . 
   armenians in turkey face no oppression in turkey as we speak . 
  discrimination sure . 
  well i would say massive discrimination is oppression . 
  while it 's not codified in law it 's still a massively held viewpoint and would effect peoples everyday lives . 
   kurds genocided armenians and assyrians in the past . 
  i guess this gives armenians and assyrians the right to commit terror against kurds as we speak . 
  let me find the nearest armenian and assyrian immigrant to arm . 
  who said it gives them the right to commit terror ? 
  i would just understand if they had some anger and bad blood . 
  also interesting you try to lay all the blame on the kurds , turkey also played a big part in those genocides . 
   and they have enough rights indeed . 
  not in my eyes , but in everybody 's eyes . 
  no one gets a special treatment in turkey . 
  arabs , kurds , armenians , laz , cretans , greeks , circassians , chechens , bulgarians , albanians , bosnians , they are treated the same and rightfully so . 
  '' turk '' is a national identity and they should integrate like everybody else . 
  well i 'd say the armenians get special shitty treatment in that calling someone an armenian is essentially an insult and it 's treated as being the worst thing ever . 
  also why do n't you just call them mountain turks , it seems you 're going down that road . 
  and it 's hardly special treatment , it 's just recognizing the different peoples who live in turkey and have their roots there instead of going down the turkification road which helped lead to this whole mess . 
   if they will '' remember '' and call for '' bad blood '' , they should n't bitch about the consequences after the turkish army obliterates them to another dimension . 
  yes , they should just pretend that the turkish state did n't do widespread atrocities or the turkish state will again do atrocities . 
  all of those people who were kicked out their villages or had family killed should just pretend it never happened and have no bad feelings about it , that sounds totally reasonable . 
   and the kurdish language and culture have enough rights in turkey . 
  kurdish is not an official language , that 's it . 
  enough rights in your eyes maybe . 
  but maybe the kurdish people would like their language to have a greater role and maybe official recognition .
