  well if millions start turning up then the border will be militarized for sure because that many people getting through would cause massive tensions , conflict and economic harm . 
  well the passport would have to be one with the relevant visa attached or no go . 
  so you could n't get on with a syrian passport , unless of course it had a visa . 
   until someone gets a cheap boat or attemps to swim it good luck with that in the channel . 
  there would be even more deaths than in the mediterranean and france will look like assholes for letting them try it and dying in the process . 
   or gets inside merchant ships well that already happens anyway  or takes over a ferry out of desperation , lol i doubt that will happen , france may have issues but it 's not so bad that i 'm hijacking a ferry to leave . 
  also any hijacked ferry would be refused entry into british waters anyway . 
   work on making deals , have a realistic immigrantion policy that focuses on full integration , while at the same time making deals with the governments of orign , policies to improve the quality of life for women will result in less population , free woman have less children . 
  you make a wall they get a ladder . 
  work to make the situation better not worse . 
  well yeah i agree that we should work together and make deals . 
  and yeah we should have a realistic immigration policy that allows people to move over here legally but also does n't expect to let anyone move here . 
  free movement with the eu is cool by me too so i 'm hoping we get to keep that and it does seem like we will . 
  it 's a huge hit for everyone , the channel tunnel would go to shit as well as eurostar ( that 's 55 % owned by the french state ) . 
  to go down the tic for tac road of letting stuff like that happen will only end in shit for everyone . 
  well the british government would just fine the fuck out of any ferry or train allowing illegal migrants to board and cross over so the companies would just start requiring passports to board , problem solved . 
  well the eurostar is largely owned by the french government ( more than half ) so if it goes to shit it will cost the french government a lot of money . 
  so it 's in their interest that it keeps running smoothly . 
  it 's pretty easy to stop , you just say for every illegal immigrant that comes over on the ferry or train the company running it gets a fine like they do with lorry drivers at the moment . 
  then the private companies would start requiring passport checks and what not before allowing people to cross over to avoid those fines . 
  they could have a requirement for a passport to be shown when boarding like flights do . 
  well then you just have to levy heavy fines on companies that allow illegal immigrants to board the ferry to cross , so the companies will do the checks themselves . 
  well it sucks , we are n't all like that , many of us like the eu and want to be part of it . 
  now we are stuck along for the ride and have suffer along with the people who voted for this shit . 
   that is what is going to happen can i borrow your crystal ball ? 
  i want to check the lotto numbers, 
  well if that 's what 's going to happen then so be it, 
  love you too man, 
  do n't you mean ue laws , 
   i may hope the rest of the eu would n't even want you to remain by now . 
  well i hope that 's not true . 
  i agree , but it may be done so it makes it easier to ignore the first one without committing political suicide . 
   uk ca n't pretend nothing happened . 
  we can if we try hard enough , we can just call the eu by the french name and when anyone asks about the referendum we can just say `` well we are n't in the european union we are in the union europ\u00e9enne '' . 
  i think so yeah and jeremy hunt is also saying he would call for a second referendum . 
  it is a delicious political meltdown , it would be great to watch if it was n't my country . 
  it 'll go for a bit and then some mps/parties will run with a manifesto that they will either call for a second referendum or just reject the first one and if they get elected then that 'll be the end of it . 
  yeah it is a poisoned chalice , either they go for leave and the union breaks up , the economy tanks and most of the promises of the leave campaign are abandoned or they just ignore the referendum and have to deal with the fact that they are ignoring the democratic vote of the population and get backlash from that . 
  well we have n't left at the moment and legally nothing has changed . 
  so you would n't need to let us back in if the referendum was ignored . 
  well they have n't got rid of anything yet , at the moment nothing has technically changed . 
  the referendum is n't binding after all and is just advisory . 
  well my fingers are crossed hoping for this , i may be to hopeful to think there is actually a plan though . 
  maybe that 's the plan , wait like a month so everyone can see how bad of an idea it was then say `` yeah fuck the referendum '' with popular support due to everyone seeing how bad of an idea leaving was . 
  i do n't think anyone is laughing , the world economy took a hit not just ours . 
  if by some miracle we do end up staying it 's going to be pretty awkward . 
  well the shitstorm is going to be huge either way, 
  it 's going to be a shit couple of years that 's for sure , i may just have to avoid here once the negotiations start, 
  sorry , just a bit tired of all the hate and people hoping we will crash and burn so over reacted a bit . 
  it sucks , i was hoping for a remain vote , i still kinda hope that by some weird circumstances we will somehow stay in but i doubt it . 
  yeah and a trade war and crashing one the biggest world economies would cause a hell of a lot of uncertainty would n't it . 
  we are all so interconnected now days , even if the uk is n't in the eu what effects them effects the eu and vice versa , it 's why we should of stayed in but alas the leave vote came out on top . 
  well yeah , it 's going to piss them off for sure and it makes the whole thing pointless . 
  but i would n't be surprised if it happens , it really depends who we have negotiating for us . 
  well it depends how bitter this whole divorce proceeding is , i have a feeling we 'll be the in people to hate on in / r/europe for a while . 
   brilliant work brits , truly brilliant : / getting mislead and then getting fucked over by who or what we voted for is our style dude, 
  possibly yeah , but we shall see . 
  i know neither side wants trade harmed and the market to become more unstable , it all depends who can hold their nerve . 
  i think both the uk and the eu will have to agree to some shit they would n't really like too . 
   but the 13 million english people who voted remain ( including london which voted overwhelmingly for remain ) can do nothing but watch their country slide into recession and potentially fall apart before them . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to describe how that feels . 
  eh things wo n't be that bad , i do n't think they will be as good as if it was a remain vote . 
  but everyone benefits from both the eu and the uk doing great and there is a load of trade between to the two countries . 
  so they 'll be some deal cut where the uk can appease it 's eurosceptic population but still have reasonable trade and bonds because stability is good for the global economy . 
  from what 's happened in the global market you can see that if the uk goes down , we are taking everyone else with us . 
  hell a lot of places in europe had greater drops on the stock exchange than the uk did . 
  well i thought it was a news agency twitter account , though you 're right that it does n't look to reliable, 
  well that 's good news if correct, 
  but the type of attack usually shows which is more likely . 
  with the right wing it 's usually specifically targeted at what they think is as a political target . 
  while an islamic terrorist attack is usually randomly targeted just with the purpose of mass causalities . 
  though obviously there are always exceptions, 
  [ an earlier tweet by them also mentions several possibly being dead ] ( https://twitter.com/goldenkrant/status/745990325123055616 ), 
  he 's been arrested now supposedly edit : now it 's being reported he was shot dead by police, 
  [ reuters are reporting this ] ( https://twitter.com/reuters/status/745992587731963904 ) i hope it 's correct edit : [ now they are reporting he was shot dead ] ( https://twitter.com/reuters/status/745994747207090176 ), 
  this is worrying , i hope there wo n't be any fatalities but with around 25 wounded being reported it does n't look good . 
  edit : a lot of people are mentioning that a lot of the injuries may just be down to the cs gas being used . 
  i hope that 's correct edit 2 : apparently the person just had a gas pistol so the situation may not be that serious , so that 's good news, 
  this is worrying , the bbc said around 20 wounded on tv just now . 
  it was a big deal sure , and now it 's not really as much of a big deal . 
  so a lot of people see the days of empire as the glory days when really for the average person things are way better now . 
  yeah we do n't have as much say in the world any more but at least i 'm not in a workhouse , down a mine , dying of cholera or some shit like that . 
   i shit you not : if it 's not nationalism then i have no fucking idea what your problem is . 
  the issue is widespread disillusionment among people especially the working class with the establishment and mainstream political parties . 
  this kind of disillusionment is easy for populists to tap into and point it in certain directions , in this case at the eu . 
   why would europe or the world being unified have to lead to group identities getting erased ? 
  well it depends how you go about it really . 
  i do n't think it 's something that will automatically happen and you can have national identities and be grouped together like in the eu . 
  the person i was responding too seemed to want to do away with the idea of nationalism and national identity and instead just have everyone united as a common group . 
   did the english , scots , welsh stop being english/scot/welsh due to being in the uk and having an additional identity on top of that ? 
  no , and i think it 's good they preserve their national identity and culture . 
   i do think there 's something amiss with how it is taught in the uk , purely based on how many people you see online ( not an ideal sample section i know ) whitewashing and hand waving away what happened , its not every british person , not even a majority , but enough to make me think that perhaps kids in school are n't being taught a balanced narrative ... well i can only speak for my own experience and the school i went to but it was n't really all `` yeah the empire was fucking awesome and never did wrong '' . 
  it just was n't covered that much from any side really , history classes was mainly focused on lots of random stuff with the main part being on the troubles . 
  i think the issue is more people online not wanting to admit that maybe their countries history has a lot of fucked up parts in it . 
  people get overly defensive about it and feel like they are on trial for the sins of the past . 
   there 's a not inconsequential number of british people today who glory in their former empire , either not knowing , or caring , what it actually did around the world , which is quite disturbing if you ask me it 's just people wanting to feel like they are all important and are a big deal on the world stage so they cling to the supposed glory days even if they were anything but . 
  people just like to feel like they matter and are really important even if they 're not really . 
   i 've had conversations with british people who have told me that they are not taught about the irish famine , the indian famines , the destruction of cultures , things like british concentration camps in south africa or kenya , only the good things about the empire . 
  when i was at school i was n't taught about all the atrocities but i was n't taught only the good things of the empire either . 
  it did n't really come up that much , it was more focusing on the troubles and it covered stuff like bloody sunday pretty extensively and by no means took a good view of british actions there .
