  how much of a chub did you get while thinking of that ? 
  it 's k baby , you can let those salty tears flow, 
  lol stay salty bud, 
  it applies to military ships too when it 's a strategic strait , it 's called transit passage . 
  we are allowed to sail military vessels through spanish waters on the way to gibraltar . 
   who tells you the us and the eu would allow you to violate spain 's territorial waters with your military ? 
  well spain would be in breach of international law so we would have the right to use our right of passage as laid out in the united nations convention on the law of the sea . 
  if spain is blockading it would be fair to use our military to defend our ships that are exercising this right . 
   the us does n't need you to use spain 's ports . 
  not spanish ports , the port in gibraltar it used for us ships like nuclear submarines and has importance due to it 's strategic location . 
   they are legally entitled to close their border and disallow access to their maritime waters . 
  actually international law says otherwise . 
  it 's pretty big on allowing ships transit through countries territorial waters precisely to prevent stuff like this . 
  well we can just sail on through any blockade with a military escort with us backing most likely because they use the ports there a lot too and it has important strategic uses for them . 
  also i 'm not sure such actions would be legal due to the right of innocent passage in the united nations convention on the law of the sea . 
  so we 'd be justified in sail ships through regardless due to that . 
  did you have a chub while writing this ? 
  the cunning plan is to have no plan , they will never see it coming, 
  yeah he could of learned it while in libya or just looked it up online to be honest . 
  the guy made it himself apparently he did n't get it from a separate bombmaker . 
   pretty sure that dunkerque and dunkirk are the same place  well that 's just my terrible grasp of french having an impact lol . 
  well i have n't heard about the british killing french at dunkirk so i 'd be interested to see some sources about such a thing happening . 
   i made my comment in response to a guy calling out somebody for saying the uk hide from the germans by fleeing . 
  while it is true that the british came back it was not with just british soldiers , they uses commonwealth soldiers instead . 
  make of that what you will but i find it more `` heroic '' for canadian soldiers and new zealand soldiers to travel half the globe without their homes in direct danger to run into germans mgs for the british . 
  it also has to be said that there were deliberate calculations to only land in 1944 when the wehrmacht was nearly finished in the west , and this move was mostly supported by the us . 
  in north africa the british fielded an extremely high number of non-uk soldiers instead of their own . 
  the wehrmacht was hardly finished in the west , they still put up a hard fight . 
  also i think this whole attempt at heroism measurement distasteful tbh . 
  it seems you are deliberately trying to act as if there were barely any people from the uk involved and it was just them sitting on their hands and sending everyone else to do the fighting . 
   so while the term `` hide '' is certainly harsh and uncalled for it is at least possible to see what the person is trying to say . 
  the british were hardly willing to be the first ones to go in while their country together with the ussr was literally the only one in direct danger well they could hardly go in alone , they did n't really have the strength and there was still a fight elsewhere in the world they were greatly involved in . 
   to me , it seems the us was more eager to bring down their troops than the british were . 
  from a political perspective , this makes obvious sense but i think this at least makes the mockery of the french somewhat hypocritical . 
  well the british were among the first to declare war and were alone for a while . 
  they were being defeated all over and had to worry about being invaded itself . 
  while the us did n't have to worry much about a direct invasion . 
  also during ww2 the uk had 244,843 dead ( and this is just the uk ) compared to the us having 407,300 , now think about the difference in population , sounds like the british had no problem sending in their troops . 
  what do you think ? 
  and this is n't including the wounded which drives the number above a million . 
   and the casualties you mentioned already include british colonies . 
  i posted the amount of dead that is just the uk above , here is the source for the numbers https://issuu.com/wargravescommission/docs/ar_2014-2015?e=4065448/31764375 it 's page 39-39, 
  good night dear, 
   and why does your responds seem to rely completely on bashing france ? 
  there is very little balance in your comment . 
  it is all about how bad the french were , and how awesome the brits were . 
  they are just doing the opposite to the rest of the thread it seems . 
  shame they fall to the same trap but they are n't the only one acting this way . 
  well i would n't really say you could measure heroism over an entire people . 
  also i disagree with the leaving out of the french in this movie and agree with you about the valuable contributions of other nations . 
  i think movies and other media do have a habit of focusing on just one nation or portraying a nation a bad way unhistrionically . 
  but i do n't think that means we should try and make some kind of contest over who did what and trying to big up some and lessen the impact of others just because some movie does . 
  well compared to the other big allies the uk was relatively small . 
  when taking the deaths as a percentage of the population we edge out the us , though are way less than the soviet union which is to be expected . 
  well clearly you are n't worth arguing with and i would agree with you that the movie has issues due to it 's leaving out important historical events . 
  i thought it might of been that because i have n't heard of such a thing happening at dunkirk . 
  yeah i could see how those events would make someone bitter . 
   yeah of course it was the right decision to evacuate . 
  but thats nothing close to being heroic , or whatever this movie is trying to depict . 
  well the heroism was n't from the fact they had to evacuate but from the civilians and people who contributed allowed such a massive evacuation to take place . 
  which should of induced the french actions also . 
  it is a big thing to leave out to be honest , it 's a shame after having such things done to the uk in american movies we go on and do the same thing to the french . 
  fair does , it seems this thread is pretty anti-uk atm so i expect such opinions , what event was your grandfather even talking about ? 
  i 'm curious, 
  yeah the english are totally the worst people of all time, 
  yeah not like tens of thousands of french were evacuated or anything , we just drowned them all, 
   so british heroes manage to run away and hide on an island while others do the fighting . 
  wow brave , they deserve a parade . 
  yeah not like they came back to mainland europe to fight in the war when the circumstances were better , fought the war elsewhere or anything ... . . and not like the uk was directly under threat and attacked often via the air and sea or anything . 
   please tell me again how you are tougher than the french , who went to war with their biggest nemesis right at their border . . yeah they fought along with the uk forces until they were out manoeuvred and a withdrawal to fight another day was the best option . 
  and the french were brave along with the british . 
   that 's a truism politicians neither want to admit nor even acknowledge . 
  yeah , you do n't get a good fighter jet without throwing a fuck ton into r&d and what not . 
  i doubt this will end up happening just because of that . 
  once people in germany see how much it would cost i doubt they would support it being done . 
   given how many major projects of the us defense industry have either crashed ( ground combat vehicle , replacement of the m109 etc ) or grown way beyond budget ( including f-35 but also ch-53k , gerald ford class carriers etc ) one could argue whether that `` throw money at it until they drown '' approach still does actually produce reasonable outcomes ( and not works only pamper contractors favored by certain politicians ) . 
  yeah it is n't perfect by any means , though it is still the cutting edge without anyone even close to my knowledge . 
   it remains to be seen whether particular political interests ( and the manic-depressive swing of requirements by the military users - which troubles projects like the tiger helo or the nh-90 to this day ) can be kept out of the project but if pragmatism won out it may be possible to produce a useful platform without the astronomic expenses of the us defense system . 
  that one is really out of this world ... 
  there will be political issues for sure . 
  the us has the advantage of being one country though they still have issues with inter department drama like the navy wanting one thing and the army another . 
  imagine how bad it would be when it comes to multiple countries wanting different things . 
   if we ( the europeans ) do n't have that know-how then we need to ( re ) accquire it . 
  that is the logic . 
  because such high-tech development produces jobs far in excess of just some simply blue or white collar people assembling aircraft , you need designers , engineers and all kinds of people in additions to those who will assemble the aircraft in the end . 
  not to mention that such research often has a spillover effect into civilian areas ( where rolls-royce and mtu have done a really good job over the past few years developing modern jet engines for all kinds of aircraft ) . 
  that 's going to require one hell of a military spending boost . 
  there is a reason the us are at the cutting edge of military tech and that 's because they spend a fuck ton more than anyone else . 
  i have no doubt the eu could match the us if they were willing to spend and dedicate way more resources to the military as well at ironing out differences within the eu so everyone is on the same page . 
  but that would take a fair bit of time , like decades probably if it is even possible with the division within the eu . 
   the saudis do n't give a shit about hezbollah , they have long since abandoned lebanon to iran . 
  yeah but hezbollah is also involved in syria fighting with the assad government . 
  so the saudis most definitely do care , though i dunno if i can agree with zenicaone that they were involved . 
   it 's as `` private '' as the european court of justice . 
  that 's not even true . 
  the private arbitration court is a separate thing from the european court of justice . 
  are you lying or did you just not read the agreement ? 
  they created a new permanent arbitration group of 15 members nominated by the eu and canada . 
  you can read about it here http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/november/tradoc_151918.pdf, 
  it 's on the right below the submit article and submit link buttons , it says the amount of points/upvotes and then a percentage of people who upvoted .
