  well yeah and the subs would make sure to stay out the way and make extra effort to stay hidden . 
  also in increase tensions i imagined more would be scrambled to be out there . 
  they are stealthy to the point of bumping into each other so i think they have a good chance of staying hidden . 
   i mean , it works for the other side too , but even if they lose their entire ballistic missile submarine fleet , they still have a very very big stick . 
  well yeah , both the russian and us arsenal is way bigger . 
  but you do n't need that many to cause all kinds of hell . 
  well in their case their theoretical opponents do n't have nukes so they are n't trying to deter some nuclear first strike . 
   uk already left the eu so they 've rather explicitly stated that their nuclear power is n't europe 's nuclear power and that we definitely can not rely on them . 
  not really , we left the eu not nato . 
   the number of launch platforms is a way bigger problem than the number of warheads really . 
  losing one submarine means losing a fourth of their striking power , and you can bet that they would be targets of the highest priority . 
  well the whole point of the submarines is being very hard to find and the ocean is a big place to hide in . 
  all fun and games until one of them sells out the op for a nice house and a fuck ton of money . 
  or just gets careless and blows the op that way . 
   france has somewhere around 300 warheads correct ? 
  if russians actually manage to make s-500 into an effective anti-icbm system , and it is a big if but still , they will negate your arsenal . 
  not really , anti-icbm systems are n't really good enough to negate that many warheads . 
  also with every development in anti-icbm systems there are counter developments in counter measures to the counter measures . 
  it still breaks the npt , part of the npt is that signatories ( that both france and the uk are ) with nuclear weapons will not transfer weapons to any non-nuclear weapon state . 
   the only way we end up at ww3 is if one side makes a mistake and thinks they can get away with something , but it turns out they really ca n't . 
  or something happens like the norwegians launch a rocket to study the aurora borealis or a game of nuclear chicken starts that involves turkey and cuba or there is simply a computer error with an early warning system . 
  the more players the more likely something can go wrong . 
  there is a reason the npt was signed and is such a good idea . 
   by making more nuclear missiles and making it absolutely clear that we will use them , we are in fact making ww3 less likely . 
  by making more nuclear missile you are making it more likely that it will end up in the hands in someone who will use them , or there is a mistake , or a game of brinkmanship that gets out of hand . 
  it would probably be a good idea for europe having independent defense and being able to have it 's own foreign policy and power projection . 
  i would like the uk to be a part of it but alas it 's seems it 's not going to be . 
  depends how it 's done , playing nuclear chicken and tearing up the npt is the fast path to a nuclear exchange . 
  it really seems you are gunning for ww3, 
   trump is a pathological liar who 's in putin 's pocket . 
  lol you 're kidding yourself if you believe this ( the putin part , ca n't argue against the pathological liar part )  the us was n't trustworthy before trump to begin with , nato is completely doomed with him . 
  i agree that the us is n't exactly trustworthy and independent defense is always a good idea . 
  though i would n't say nato is doomed , what 's said on the election trail and what 's actually done are two very different things . 
  also it would take longer for the eu to develop an effective independent than trump 's entire term even if he wins a second term . 
  yeah and that 's a good thing . 
  but you must see how not everyone agrees on how to proceed , also there is always the chance of someone getting elected who wants to remove or reduce the sanctions . 
   do we have any info that it will be like that ? 
  that seems to be what they are leaning towards but as it 's still very much in the planning phase , what will actually happen is n't fully clear . 
   and we all agree about russian sanctions - some may have different opinions cause of economic relations with russia , but in the end everyone supports the sanctions , cause the threat is the same to everybody . 
  that 's not exactly true though , how far the sanctions should go and what not is still up for debate . 
   do we have any info if an eu army will be any different from nato in how decisions are made ? 
  apart from the army being an entirely eu controlled force instead of being individual countries controlling their own forces not really . 
   and despite having different opinions , in the end we all agree about russia . 
  that 's not even true , there has been many different opinions in the eu apart the sanctions for example . 
  also many countries rely on others to provide their defense and do n't take having a strong army themselves that seriously . 
   security threats are the same for everyone - terrorism , russia , immigration , piracy , etc. 
  sure but the idea of what should be done differs from country to country . 
   it 's the same with nato . 
  controlled by many countries , yet i dont hear someone saying that german people have been forced into anything by others . 
  not really , the german forces still have to be sent by the german government . 
  there are no nato forces that answer to nato alone , they are all sent by the member nations and in the end answer to each member nation they come from . 
   this is why its called a military alliance . 
  all members ' interests are taken in consideration , all members have a voice and they come out with a common stance . 
  nobody forces anyone with anything . 
  but we are n't talking about a military alliance , we are talking about forming a separate army that is answers directly to the eu . 
  instead of the current way under nato where each nation has it 's own army and send troops itself to work with nato . 
  irrelevant of whether it 's a good idea or bad , it 's an entirely different thing that what nato is . 
   why do we act like german people 's interests , especially in security , are different from mine and yours ? 
  if nato/eu army has made a decision , chances are it 's for the security of everyone . 
  well there is a difference in opinion in what to do in the eu . 
  for example there is difference opinions on the russia sanctions from country to country . 
  there is a difference in other foreign policy ideas . 
   the whole idea that having an eu army will somehow make countries lose soveriegnty in the area of security , is ridiculous . 
  well they are losing sovereignty because they are handing off the decision from being theirs alone to being the decision of the eu as a whole . 
  regardless of whether it 's good or bad , it is clearly moving the command and control from being each countries for their own armies to being a joint command and control for a joint army . 
  that by definition requires the giving up of certain control by each member in the eu . 
  making the eu army an entirely separate entity instead of making it up using the existing military forces of the eu member states would make things way more expensive and complex . 
  it if does happen i 'm pretty sure it will be done with the existing military forces . 
  so it would be using someone who volunteered for the german army or the french army and so on . 
   and the eu is n't some obscure unknown insitution . 
  it is the countries themselves . 
  it is germany . 
  yes under control of the eu with many nations in it including germany having a say . 
  not just germany alone controlling it . 
  so the decision would n't be germany 's alone to decide where and when they send troops . 
  well nato just obligates you to join in defense of fellow nato members but the german army is still the german army . 
  it answers to germany . 
  with a theoretical eu army then it would n't be the german army , it would be the eu army answering to eu command and control . 
  lol sure bud , denial much, 
  deny it all you want , you know it to be true, 
  you know you love it bby, 
  bitch please, 
  lol nee , wtf is that, 
  i do n't understand that and i do n't need to . 
  just go back to typing in the superior language as you were earlier , 
  exactly so i do n't need to learn any other languages as i already speak the best language . 
  it 's the others who have to learn english as it is the best and many do . 
  well i already know the best language so there is no need to learn any others, 
  so you do n't stand a chance unless you use some non-english sites because we all know that we have the inability to learn another language, 
  there are still the australians who are even better shitposters than us, 
  we may of been made a vassal of belarus but we can still shitpost you to death, 
  i 'm surprised you think of this as a discussion . 
  also i get the last word so that means i win , 
  well i 'm sure the glorious nation of belarus will guide us onto the right path, 
  eh could be worse , we could have been made a vassal state of france, 
  wait for what ? 
  damn , i 'm sure we can make it up to them by going on their next military misadventure with them, 
  k bby for you , 
  at least effort post for me bby, 
  at least write out a full uk - america fanfic , would be pretty funny,
