  unless you 're on mobile then i dunno if you can see it . 
  i want to get off brexit 's wild ride, 
   if one side is n't abiding by loac , then it does n't relinquish the other side 's responsibility to do so . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure that under international law you are allowed to commit reprisals that break international law as long as the people you 're are doing it to did it first and it 's in response to that . 
  yeah fair point , i did go a bit off from what the other person was saying, 
   first of all , in syria alone they speak a ton of different dialects , expecting to be able to tell someones nationality from that is a fools errand because you 'd need that many `` screeners '' familiar with every dialect spoken in syria and possibly the rest of mena to accurately pin them with even something vaguely resembling accuracy . 
  i 'm sure we could get some syrians to work with us . 
  and they can tell accents just as say in germany you could probably tell if the accent is german german or austrian german . 
  it 's does n't have to be perfect and it will just be one tool of many , but it can help weed out the more obvious liars . 
   not everyone in syria even speaks arabic . 
  not to mention children who are even harder to screen on their language , let alone on local knowledge . 
  well young kids are a different case , they would generally be with parents so you would go by them . 
  if they are teenagers they will have local knowledge and speak the language  same with questions about origin , not only could they just have prepared a story based on stuff told to them by actual syrians , it will also be basically impossible to decide if someone just misremembers things , or if his descrpition of his tiny village is accurate , because how would we even know ? 
  it wo n't be perfect but it can be a decent broad tool . 
  also you would n't just take into account one thing , it would take many things into account . 
  also yeah some people who lie may get through and some people who do n't may get deported , but no system is perfect and expecting a perfect system is foolish . 
   i 'm not saying we should n't have a screening process , but thinking it will reliably filter out actual syrians from other mena migrants with any reasonable reliability is just plain unrealistic and not worth focusing on . 
  what we need to filter out is people who are criminal and violent already during screenning and have systems to get rid of them once we see them being so . 
  well i can agree with the later part and think that should get the greater focus . 
  but i the other is important too , it is already done in many places . 
  that 's how they determine refugee claims in many places , by working out where someone is from and what not . 
  i do n't think we should just put everyone in a camp . 
  i think we should fund refugee camps in the region more and deport people who enter illegally there to show that coming by boat is not an option and you wo n't be able to live in europe if you do that . 
  then we can take families directly from the refugee camps after some screening and checking their identity so it would n't be mainly just young men and also so we can check they are in need of protection and do n't have known links to radical groups . 
  and disperse them in countries that are willing to make sure they are n't all in one area , leaving the place they are sent to go elsewhere will end up in them being deported to discourage everyone just going to germany and what not . 
  also there needs to be quick deportation of people who break the law , we have already seen the problems when you do n't do that with the attacks done by people who should of been deported ages ago . 
  well there are the attacks and stuff like what happened in cologne and elsewhere that have a destabilizing effect as well as the immediate harm of crime and attacks . 
  there is also the fact that they cost money and those costs are going to go up the more there is . 
  also the whole integration and parallel society issue . 
   there is ... have you never heard about frontex or the deal with turkey ? 
  it 's slow but it 's happening . 
  the deal in turkey is hardly a great example , erdogan has already threatened to cancel it and use it against europe . 
  also frontex has n't really done a great job so far . 
   in the meantime eastern europe could help us with the burden a bit so we can ride out this storm together . 
  it would be foolish to agree to share the burden until there is a clear end in sight so you know it 's only temporary . 
  otherwise you open yourself to practically unlimited immigration . 
   so that 's how you know the largest city is lille ? 
  i meant in pas-de-calais as nord-pas-de-calais is n't a thing anymore . 
  it is a bit confusing with the region recently being renamed tbh . 
  weird french region stuff , but i meant just pas-de-calais  dude ... dude ... is 1 equal to 5 in uk ? 
  yes , did you not know that ? 
   you do realise that calais is just one part of nord-pas-de-calais , right ? 
  yeah , but it 's the largest city there right ? 
  also you do n't think that people who live in nord-de-calais pay attention to what happens in the largest city there ? 
   have you ever left your island ? 
  yep , lots of times . 
  have you ever left whatever place you live in france ? 
   given that i was replying to `` arabized cities '' , it was obvious who i was speaking of . 
  not really when you use a broad term like immigrants . 
  well you said immigrants not specifically people who were either born or have lived in france for decades . 
   false : the only places where mlp won against macron were in the north ( pas-de-calais and aisne ) where there are almost no immigrants . 
  yeah calais in pas-de-calais has n't got any immigrants and have n't had any problems with such things at all ... ... 
   thats pretty delusional to think that you could reliably screen for the actual nationality of hundreds of thousand of people . 
  well you could ask basic questions about where they are supposedly from , also you can tell from the accent most times , like syria , iraq and so on all have different arabic dialects . 
  yeah it may take time and cost money but i think it would be for the best if it reduces the amount of crazies and shitty people who get in . 
  they are n't decently screened , the guy posed as several different nationalities and lied about his age . 
  decent screening would of picked that up and detained him awaiting deportation for that . 
  though i do agree that they should be kept track of better . 
   so the problem here is definitly not immigrants being allowed in well i would say it is when they are allowed in without proper screening and letting them to just wherever in europe . 
   but known violent unstable criminals being allowed to stay . 
  well yeah the laws need to be adjusted so people who are known to cause issues are detained and deported . 
   good thing all of these terror attacks ( bar the hilariously failed one @ notre dame ) were homegrown twats then the german christmas market attack was n't the stockholm attack was n't both were done by people who entered as refugees, 
   he was an all-around nutjob while his act was crazy he was n't crazy himself . 
  we should n't dismiss people like that as crazy because it lessens the responsibly for what they did . 
   but he seemed to have been particularly upset by the demise of branch-davidian compound in waco . 
  yeah mainly from that fact that he saw it as an atrocity by the federal government along with the ruby ridge incident and therefore wanting to strike back at the federal government . 
  not due to any shared christian ideology , mcveigh was catholic and later said he was agnostic . 
  well it 's good we can agree on something . 
  let 's just hope our leaders act the same way though i do n't hold out much hope for either of us in that regard . 
   also be a us-ally against a mayor rival ( china/north korea ) , although i do n't know much about indonesia in this regard . 
  indonesia was also a western ally during the cold war . 
   the huge problem here is unless the middle east organizes itself some way our governments wo n't help them for purely cynical reasons . 
  well yeah , no one wants to fund their enemies . 
  though we seem to be doing that anyway in places like syria with the aid to certain rebel groups . 
   or there is the nazi germany way , where they fuck up su much so bad that we will help them for our sakes , but even the marshall plan had also the goal of stopping western communists from taking power in france/italy and stopping soviet influence . 
  well yeah there is always an end game . 
   there are some subreddits that are could be a definition for an echo chamber , but r/europe is not one of them . 
  at least here you can still have a discussion about different topics and see different perspectives . 
  i dunno , it can be very much an echochamber about certain topics . 
  all of them apart from japan ( which was ruled via us military rule ) had dictatorships that were overthrown from within when the time was right . 
  so lesson here is we should leave the dictatorships in the middle east alone . 
  yeah the de-baathification was a massive mistake along with the disbanding of the army . 
   many can be `` born '' muslim but not actual adherents , only to face a similar process of radicalization of being ~ born-again ~ when deciding to shoe-horn radical teachings like those spewed by isis into their own mindsets . 
  they would still be adherents , just not strict adherents . 
  also it 's not shoe horning , it 's more they follow the more radical hadiths and ulama 's . 
  it 's kinda like being a born again christian where someone who has n't had much meaning in their life suddenly finds religion , it 's just with islam there are a lot of extreme elements so it ends up like this . 
   factor in western europe 's history in the middle east since wwii , complete disenfranchisement & lack of opportunity , and nothing to live for/a hopeless future , and you have a petri dish ripe for extremist ideology . 
  well yeah ca n't disagree there , bad situations make people look for more radical changes . 
  add in the fetishisation of the idea of a caliphate and other elements of islam and you got yourself a radical group like isis . 
   by actually encouraging and helping to establish a stable , self-sustaining society with genuine economic growth and satisfaction , people will have actual jobs to attend and lives to live , and isis would lose its primary recruitment line of `` the west destroyed our countries , so lets go destroy theirs !! '', 
  but how can you do that ? 
  you ca n't just enforce that , it has to come from within . 
  throwing funding at the region would just end up taken away via corruption and what not . 
  but you do ignore that this has been an issue within islam since the ottoman days , this is n't something that will just go away with a better economy , though it may make it harder to recruit . 
   given the state syria is in , it 's a monumental task , but if it completely collapses in the same way that afghanistan or iraq did , then we 'll be seeing something even worse than isis in the future . 
  syria has collapsed more than iraq has . 
  also it depends how it 's handled whether we 'll see a worse isis in the future . 
  if there is major sunni backlash against isis and the shia groups refrain from widespread revenge attacks we could see some progress . 
  also the kurdish groups ideas are promising . 
   it 's a domino effect triggered by short-sighted policies and a habit of destroying both the enemy and the country they 're operating in , rather than allowing said country to continue functioning on its own to internally limit such things from happening in the first place .
