  though it would be nice to let someone else take the reigns for a while . 
  silly goose i never said that 's what i thought . 
  i was just showing the issues in their argument . 
   superior western values are about giving people a chance as long as they need it , no matter where they come from . 
  you say this then just afterwards say there are no lesser cultures . 
  therefore having this value is nothing special and you are still fine without it . 
   there are no lesser cultures . 
  yeah so we are n't obligated to be any better than anyone else right ? 
  because all our cultures are equal right ? 
  well it depends how you define successful , you seem to be under some idea that what you think is good is the supreme truth of what is good . 
  do you think the average syrian for example thinks gay marriage is good ? 
   quote me something . 
  how much funding does jordan need to take in 10 million syrian refugees ? 
  not exactly sure , but the un is asking for 7.7 bn dollars to fund their current projects in syria and the surrounding countries . 
  and that 's aid operations for 22.5 million people . 
   you dont even believe that yourself . 
  people having spent 10 years , or whatever long it takes , in refugee camp doing nothing going back to a war-torn country led by one bloodthirsty dictator or another is obviously not the best solution for anyone . 
  well how else are things expected to get better unless people work at it ? 
  also there will be no best situation for everyone because people have varying ideas of what should happen . 
  also a massive chunk of the world is under some dictator or another , are we obligated to save them all ? 
  but people have different ideas of what is a life worth living . 
  western liberalism is n't supported or even wanted by a lot of the world . 
   it 's both true that the camps desperately lack funds and that it isnt that lack of funds that have made all neighboring countries close their borders . 
  they 're generally not paying . 
  it 's the sheer numbers . 
  actually read what people like the king of jordan has said . 
  it 's mainly a funding issue because they are getting way less funding than what was expected and yeah they are paying for it themselves . 
   yes . 
  that 's the point . 
  the best way to help people is to put them in situations where they can thrive . 
  you cant in camps where there 's nothing , barely even security or freedom . 
  the best option for that though is for them to go back to syria and better their homeland . 
  to make it a better country for all syrians . 
  also there is barely security or freedom in a massive chunk of the world . 
  by your logic we should take them all into our countries because otherwise they would lack security or freedom . 
  what are those moral values and how do you define success ? 
   it 's not the lack of funding that stops libanon from accepting more than a million syrians . 
  it 's mainly the un paying for it anyway . 
  there 's a very real limit the number of people neighboring countries are willing to accept . 
  actually if you read into the situation you will see they are in desperate need for funds . 
  jordan has already made it clear that they desperately need more funding for the refugee camps . 
  the un does n't have the money to fund the amount it costs . 
   no level of founding can provide the security , freedom and opportunities necessary for a decent live . 
  is having a decent life where we set the standard ? 
  because in that case a massive chunk of the world is lacking in that department . 
   and most will be extremely hesitant to ever return to live under whoever ends up winning in syria . 
  in libanon , syria ( before the war ) , jordan , kenya and so on people have lived in refugee camps for generations . 
  you seem to be mainly talking about the palestinians i think and that is a special case . 
  i dunno about the situation in kenya . 
  but generally i think most syrians would want to go back to their homeland and that should be the end goal . 
   this is just not true and it 's not even really a question of money . 
  some places they 'll pay for themselves after being resettled . 
  not really , there is n't much need economically of a bunch of people who do n't speak the language and have diploma that are n't valued here . 
  it 's going to end up being a net cost . 
   it 's just the fact that the only way to secure lives worth living is to have people live places where there 's freedom , security and opportunities . 
  it 's the only efficient way to help people . 
  so what should we just move a massive chunk of the world to the west ? 
  because a fuck ton of people in the world lack those things . 
  and many do n't even agree with certain freedoms . 
  also the best way to help someone is to help them to help themselves . 
  also this whole resettlement idea is totally infeasible anyway . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  well how about you go to syria and tell them that and see how far it gets you . 
   the main issue is that the neighboring countries have all closed their borders because that cant/will not handle anymore people in refugee camps . 
  yeah because of a lack of funding also that 's not even true . 
   the secondary issue is that camps are horrible and having generations of refugees live in them will prolong the problem in perpetuity without ever solving it . 
  again because of a lack of funding also it would n't be generations living in them . 
  the syrian war is n't going to last that long . 
   resettlement is the solution . 
  apart from it being totally infeasible it also would just mean you help less people for more money . 
  it would also make it a lot harder for syria to rebuild itself as a nation which should be the end objective . 
  yeah ca n't argue there, 
   and be stuck in limbo for anywhere from 3 to 15 years ? 
  afghanistan has been in constant since the eighties - 30 years now ... 
  the syrian war is coming closer to and end with more the more territory taken from isis and the rebels . 
  i doubt it would last three more years unless something crazy happens that changes the current state of affairs . 
  the focus on the resettlements and the people coming over on boats is which has caused the issue . 
  the focus should be instead on the people in the camps and they should be help there via increased funding and aid . 
  otherwise you just get a lottery system where the more privileged benefit and the people who can take the boat journey are left behind . 
   the genocide was not in full swing until the later years in the war . 
  but people already fled earlier . 
  they were already being specifically targeted . 
  ethnic cleansing was already in full swing . 
   you ca n't look in the future and you would 've sent them back . 
  well growing up in that world i 'd be an entirely different person . 
  but if i was who i am now but without the memory of what was to come i would say we should help them as we are one of the safe countries in the area and they are being targeted for ethnic cleansing . 
   people fleeing from conflict to preserve their lifes should have this opportunity yes and that is why refugee camps are a thing and should get greater funding . 
   and why the gender does play a role is something i probably never will understand . 
  do n't men have a will to survive ? 
  because it show this is primarily an economic thing . 
  the men are leaving the women and children behind in the camps , this is not something that should be encouraged . 
  we did n't make turkey do anything . 
  they did that of their own will , in fact they actually got shit for it . 
   do you really expect refugees , who have now spent in some cases many years in europe , to now say `` oh , the war is over , we 'll pack up and leave '' ? 
  yes , that is the whole point . 
  that we provide a safe place until they can go home . 
   that 's really unfair - a lot of them will have nothing back in syria ( or wherever else they came from ) , because things get destroyed in war-zones . 
  well they will have to rebuild like every other country that has suffered a war has had to do . 
  it will only be harder if large parts of the population just abandon the country . 
  we can offer support in reconstruction .
