  `` sure we could butcher the fuck out of you but since we only killed a few of you it 's totally mercy '' . 
  if i kick your teeth in but then decide not to kill you that 's not mercy . 
   peaceful protests work as long as the entity you are protesting against cares enough not to crush you . 
  i agree , but that 's not an act of mercy , that 's just not being a total butcher . 
   it 's not a war crime when there 's no war . 
  if a group of british soldiers kills you today , it 's not a war crime . 
  well then it 'd be a murder then or do you think it 's somehow ok as long as you were just following orders ? 
   disobeying orders from security forces has consequences obviously . 
  no shit , but that does n't make it wrong to disobey . 
   still , the russians showed mercy and gave the baltic states their independence . 
  only after it became untenable to hold onto them . 
  and it 's hardly an act of mercy when you waste civilians and try to take over tv towers before finally giving up . 
  seriously what are you smoking to think these things , are you just insanely bias or what . 
  i swear you 're not usually this bad , we disagree on plenty but usually you 're reasonable in your points . 
   it 's not a murder if they are acting on legal orders from their superiors . 
  it 's a war crime instead , if i ordered troops under my command to murder a village , i do n't somehow get to avoid blame . 
   then maybe you should n't stand in front of tanks when ordered to disperse . 
  yeah why did n't they just let them take over, 
  but generally when you say an economy is more open you say it 's more open to foreign investment and control of sectors , not that is has more trade as a percentage of gdp . 
  well that 's the issue , the eu blaming is domestic policy that 's fucked over the poor being blamed on the eu . 
  instead of on the people who actually did it . 
  how are they more open ? 
  norway for example is very protectionist with a lot of state intervention in the economy . 
  the transport is part state controlled , the oil is part state controlled , the alcohol shop is part state controlled and so on . 
  they are also protectionist about farming and fishing . 
  so that does ' t sound like they are a lot more open to global trade to me . 
  so what do scandinavian economies do different that makes them more open than the uk or the us ? 
  the issue is what our future relations in the eu should be . 
  should it be a eea relationship , a total breaking of ties , some sort of free trade deal and so on . 
  there are so many options of what to do and that 's what created the issues . 
   domestic crimes with hunting riffles are quite common , they just do n't make the news so are domestic crimes with knives , fists and whatever else . 
  it 's not like say the uk has a really low rate because we banned most guns because that is n't the issue , the issue is tackling domestic violence itself . 
  well let 's just agree to disagree because it 's just about liberty vs safety and where you think the line should be drawn , either to more safety and less liberty or the opposite . 
  such a thing is very rare though and i say we should legislate based on the vast vast majority of responsible gun owners and not on the very rare example of someone going postal . 
  also the law seems to be pushed due to the terrorist attacks in france , regardless of the fact that they got their weapons illegally . 
  the current gun laws are good enough in most places in europe . 
  they already were nasty , do you think all that talk about poaching banks from london would n't get push back ? 
   i hope the uk enjoys being screwed out of the taxes they 're owed . 
  that 's all this move gets . 
  actually this would get us more taxes because they would be paid in the uk instead of luxembourg as they were before . 
  it wo n't be that much but it will be more than it was when it was based in luxembourg . 
  then they should of mentioned that one instead of ones committed by illegally sourced arms, 
  this article is wank , it keeps mentioning terrorist attacks when talking about the gun law as if the terrorists got their weapons legally . 
  when in reality they just smuggled them illegally because that 's far easier . 
  why bother going through all the legal red tape to get a gun when there are hundreds of thousands of firearms in the black market just a car journey away with very few border checks . 
  well backlash against open markets and global free trade hurts them to . 
  well yeah the usa is a special case where it 's essentially hardly any welfare state and is more `` sure you can come here , we wo n't help you but if it turns out alright then good for you i guess you can stay '' . 
   it 's not that easy though . 
  simply discouraging people wo n't stop them unfortunately . 
  well you could always say anyone who comes by boat gets denied and only people who got though the system of being accepted through the camps gets in . 
  i really think they should just fund the camps to get a deal to deport people there and then run an acceptation program in the camps to take people directly and fly them over . 
   and we 're back to square one . 
  cheers . 
  you 're welcome !, 
   so did germany with syrians and the way reddit acts about it you 'd think the german state is on the brink of collapse . 
  well yeah people act like germany is on the state of collapse and that 's pretty retarded . 
  germany is doing pretty alright . 
  the issue is that germany is n't taking people from the camps directly as they should if they want to really help people . 
  they are playing a sick refugee game show where if you defeat the challenges of the ocean and walking across the random countries you then get refugee status . 
  fucking take the families directly from the camps and discourage the risk taking if you really want to help people . 
   you can still be a refugee even if you are n't in the closest country to where you 're fleeing from is the point . 
  sure , but it 's when you start going from safe country to safe country and even leaving a place you are granted refuge to get somewhere better is where you become an economic migrant instead of a refugee . 
  new zealand offered to take some people from the camps , so that 's how they got there . 
  they did n't just wander there on their own . 
  if you read a bit you 'd know this but i guess you are just making up your own story to go along with what you think happened . 
  yes because those places are totally close to each other, 
   sweden , switzerland , the united kingdom were all safe countries as well did you read the article ? 
  they were pushed from soviet territory into iran . 
  they could n't get to sweden , switzerland or the uk without going through soviet territory again . 
  it 's logical sure , but it 's also what makes them an economic migrant . 
  because why would you leave your sister and mother behind unless they were safe ? 
  if the place they were in was some hell hole or a warzone then i would bring them with me because i know there is no other choice . 
  so pretty much they leave the women and children in the camps while they shop around for a better place . 
  i agree that it wo n't be the easiest thing in the world , but it 'd probably be way easier than try to get all countries to accept refugee quotas . 
  because that 's just never going to happen . 
  i do n't think that would be hard to organize to be honest . 
  if you tell all these countries against taking refugees that they wo n't have to take them and instead will just have to contribute some funding towards the refugee camp i 'm sure they 'll jump at the chance . 
  also if you say that this will be a place where people can be deported to if they enter illegally that gives additional motivation to fund this as soon as possible . 
  then you can screen people there and bring in families directly to countries in europe , therefore removing all motivation to take the risky boat trip . 
  and getting more families instead of mostly just men . 
  well the male polish refugees to the uk fought for the uk to defend it ( and europe in general ) and served excellently in the british armed forces . 
  they earned their stay and more . 
  and we fucked them anyway by selling them out . 
  they also had literally no where else to go , almost the whole of europe was under the boot of the nazis or the soviets . 
  they were n't going from safe country to safe country they were going to the only place left for them to go . 
  they were also ready and willing to go back and fight to liberate their homeland . 
  it could have way better conditions if all the money spent on housing refugees in europe was instead spent on the camps . 
  where generally there are more women and children . 
   prosperity is more than just wages though . 
  every consumer benefits from low prices that are made possible by free trade . 
  let 's say you want to buy a new tv ; if it only costs 300 gbp instead of 3000 , that leaves you 2700 gbp to save or spend on whatever else you like . 
  sure but this can backfire if it puts a lot of local companies out of business and therefore lowers the wages a lot of people get in the first place to buy the tv if a lot of industry is no longer hiring . 
  then there is the secondary effects that this has on areas that industry has left like in the uk where you end up paying more money for these areas via taxes because they are declining massively with all the social effects that come from that also the fact that they are no longer earning that much means they pay less taxes also . 
  so while free trade can be a good thing , it also needs to be done in balance with not just fucking over every local business/worker by buying the cheapest product made by the lowest paid worker . 
   of course this is a very simplified example . 
  and yes , it 's still a problem when the few people at the very top gain disproportionately while the rest of the population falls behind , which can lead to all kinds of social issues . 
  but i 'm just saying , economic strength is more than just wage inflation . 
  and those social issues are what we are seeing now with all this populism . 
  and i agree economic strength is more than just wage inflation , but for the average person what matters to them is the money in their pocket and how far it goes . 
  if they are finding themselves worse off than before they are going to turn against you pretty quick , especially when they see the people at the top gaining massively .
