  why do some areas have many attacks and some very few ? 
  clearly it can be prevented or reduced if some places have more than others . 
  i agree we should n't surrender to hate but we also should n't be naive . 
   no , but it would prove that they are registered and marked to be deported . 
  so that they ca n't just throw away their ( german-given ) documents to be granted another check , like you were implying . 
  yes but unless they say where they are from where will they be deported to ? 
  can a deportation even be done in this case ? 
  that is my point and i meant throw away their home country documents not the new german ones . 
   you 're talking about standards that we set ourselves , however , this thread especially specified that the warning was given by unhcr . 
  yes and my argument is that the west clearly give a fuck about the unhcr , otherwise it would n't be the top donators . 
  but yeah more could of been done i do n't disagree with this . 
   camps collapsing proves also that what we did not enough or the right way . 
  or are your arguing that camps would n't have collapsed if we just had given lower standards for ourselves ? 
  my point is that while we should of done more it seems we get the most shit for the problems even though we do the most . 
  we are held to a higher standard than anyone else . 
   also , you did n't specify why unhcr 's plea is ridiculous . 
  when did i say it was ridiculous ? 
  they are neighbouring countries so that 's expected . 
  refugees generally flee within the area . 
  but i think we should help then with increased funding in exchange for them allowing us to deport illegally entires back there . 
  then we can take families directly from the camp and fly them over directly , removing the chaos and danger of the boat option . 
  also ensuring it wo n't just be mostly men and allowing security screening to be done . 
  sure , but it is also not the same as not saying anything as the person said . 
  sure , but that would n't prove where they are from would it ? 
  so if they just never said where they were from how would this be dealt with ? 
  what can you not understand ? 
  only if they are fingerprinted upon entry which many are n't , also if they have already been checked once what would another fingerprint check do ? 
  and even then a fingerprint wo n't tell you where they are from , they could just lie and actually have incentive to . 
  so if they just destroy their papers and never say where they are from what difference would another check make ? 
  nothing will ever be good enough when you set ridiculous standards for yourself . 
   i would n't say isolationist , but yes to the not being interventionist . 
  no more foreign wars under flimsy pretences . 
  i agree , but i also think we should n't be that bothered if shit goes down in the middle east . 
  we should n't make it our business . 
   sure , but the important thing is to not let that fear rule us . 
  i agree but it 's also important to make decisions to prevent such things happening . 
   norway definitely had the right idea after the breivik killings . 
  they did not become a less free , less open , less welcoming country for it . 
  they stuck with their values , rather than destroying them in opposition to someone who hated them for those values in the first place . 
  well yeah they did n't even change gun laws . 
  but they have made some changes to make sure such a thing wo n't happened again , they looked into what mistakes were made . 
  they have also adjusted asylum laws and what not so they are willing to make changes when it 's seen as necessary . 
   let 's go back to how it was before . 
  before we started snooping on our own citizens and locking up people indefinitely without trial . 
  before we started giving up our freedoms in the name of a supposed security that never seems to actually keep us safe . 
  yes , let 's also stop being so interventionist and making middle eastern problems our problems . 
  let 's be more isolationist and focus on bettering ourselves instead of elsewhere . 
  let 's also go back to how it was before with way less overall immigration numbers and a more restrictive system . 
   let 's stop being so afraid , for christ 's sake . 
  we 've been bombed by a better class of bastard than these . 
  well fear is a natural response , we are n't cold logical beings . 
  we are emotional , you can try and pretend this is n't true but it 's going to happen whether you like it or not . 
  sure , i am just saying that the western government give the most fucks compared to anyone else . 
  well by definition it 's not a natural phenomenon . 
  it 's a human created phenomenon . 
  also cars are regulated heavily , you need a license to drive , there are loads of legal regulations and so on . 
   none of the western governments gave a fuck . 
  yeah it 's not like western governments are all the top donators or anything ... . 
  you seem to under some illusion that terrorism is some natural phenomenon . 
  it 's really not , it has concrete causes and is not equal everywhere . 
  some places have more terrorist attacks than others . 
  iraq more than france , france more than germany , germany more than poland and so on . 
  well it seems that such a does n't happen that much elsewhere , i ca n't remember a similar attack happening in say poland for example . 
  so therefore it 's not something that is just naturally going to happen . 
   it would be tragic and we would need to find out where things went wrong , but we would n't need to overhaul everything right now and start showering with bottled water . 
  yes we would need to look into what went wrong and make adjustments to stop it happening again . 
  and yeah it would be best to avoid an overreaction but you also would n't say `` oh 12 deaths of cholera is just how it is , no need to change anything '' . 
   in other words , your actions are not significantly influenced by fear but instead by a semi-rational risk-benefit-analysis . 
  fear generally is n't based on a rational risk analysis . 
  it 's more of a emotional thing , that 's why people are scared of serial killers , spiders , terrorism and so on . 
  people fear being harmed with intent more than they do being harmed by accident . 
  that is also what makes terrorism so dangerous . 
  most people think about issues emotionally not pragmatically . 
  you get further appealing to their emotions than their logic . 
   let 's be honest , you are happy about the attack because you can promote your far right agenda . 
  you are no better than isis . 
  unless they has recently taken a sex slave , committed ethnic cleaning or targeted civilians in a terrorist attack they are way better than isis . 
  to say otherwise is disgraceful . 
   what makes you think we are doing anything else ? 
  who is we ? 
   to these questions , the answers so far is no . 
  but that does n't mean that people are not working on it . 
  there are legal processes for these things and they have to be obeyed . 
  and some of these processes have to be adjusted to meet these challenges . 
  but you ca n't say that there has been no change to the situation . 
  the massive flow of 2015 has stopped . 
  border checks are being established . 
  deportations will definitely be upscaled quite drastically but it wo n't happen over night . 
  well it 's good progress is being made , though it does seem like there are still issues . 
  like people who by all rights should of been deported due to committing crimes like the suspect in this attack , but are still allowed to just go around wherever . 
  i think the legal system much make some changes to adapt because at current it seems rather ineffective . 
   those numbers do n't compare at all . 
  but i agree that we have to learn from the mistakes made in germany and should takle that issue collectively . 
  it depends what tackling it collectively means , the whole quota idea is dead and has no chance after all these attacks and what not . 
  it 's a fools errand to try and push it . 
  i do agree there should be collective support though but it has to be something that everyone will agree to . 
   no european country is on the brink of destabilization , maybe only by mass hysteria . 
  we 've seen that work in yours . 
  not like a major one is in a state of emergency or anything ... also mass hysteria has the same effect and must be taken into account also . 
   and it 's naturally a challenge to stick with your principles if you go from essentially a perfect situation to anything less than that .
