  russia vs turkey would probably get pretty bad if both were committed , but if erdogan can get strong nato support ( including us support ) when russia does something , then russia would be in a very bad position , and would probably be forced to leave relatively quickly . 
  russia is in a good position , it already has an air defense umbrella and troops in the region . 
  to attack syria you would have to kill russia troops , therefore ending up in a direct war with russia and we both know how that will end up . 
  whose business should it be ? 
  oh my bad lol, 
   that was what was suposed to happen ( and was in part alredy in place ) after the reteret of nato . 
  well maybe that would of been a better idea , but it 's too late now . 
   kosovo can not and is not an independant state . 
  it already is dude . 
  giving a place independence is n't really so easy to call backsies on . 
  it would have to be conquered and it would be a bloody affair with more ethnic cleansing . 
   actualy serbia is doing this . 
  wich makes me wery happy . 
  they are presuring pri\u0161tina to alowe the serbian refugees to return and are building selfsustaingn settelments for serbs in kosovo . 
  there was also an apartmant building built by the goverment for serbs in mitrovica . 
  we can however do more . 
  we should give all children born in kosovo a `` rent '' of say 50 $ / month . 
  that will be plenty to school them . 
  that just sounds like stuff they are doing for serbs , it 's the albanians you have to win over . 
  the serbs likely already support what you want . 
  so maybe tone down the whole `` you 're mostly all illegal and have no right to be there , serbia did nothing wrong '' rhetoric . 
  because that is n't exactly going to win hearts and minds is it . 
   lol brit meat europe europe this is brit . 
  there is no time in the future when nations of europ dont hate echother . 
  right now ? 
  sure there are issues but we are hardly conquering each other and constantly warring like the old days . 
   in the time of pretend independance , while serbia is experiancing dinamic growth kosovo is in a deeep economic hole . 
  well that should make it easier to win over the population of kosovo if you play nice . 
   actualy abot 40 + % of albanians want to be part of serbia . 
  tey reason they are so numerous they would influance the elections a lot and also better economy . 
  well then push for a referendum to be held to settle the issue . 
   keep its status as an authonomous region , as it is today . 
  if that 's agreed to by both populations then sure  do n't tempt me . 
  well nato would have to slap you around again and that 's just annoying for everyone . 
   many do n't have serbian papers , kaming them ilegals . 
  the law is clear on that matter . 
  and what about people who lost their papers ? 
  or just did n't keep them after independence and so on . 
  i doubt there is exactly great record keeping and such rule has often been used to ethnically cleanse groups by just saying `` yeah no one had papers '' . 
   you brits . 
  you know if you wish you can do it for us . 
  well give you trep\u010de south . 
  there are no nice beaches so no deal  yup ever since they started seteling kosovo after ww2 , ok after the 50s when the border was opened for albanian setelment . 
  well from a quick reading even before ww2 albanians were the majority . 
   they all moved there in the past hald of tht century . 
  same shit . 
  well as i said , from what i read they were the majority for more than just the past half of a century . 
  so that does n't sound exactly true . 
  maybe the un should control it , because giving either side the power is likely to end with the other fucked over . 
  or just keep with the independence to avoid a restart of the conflict and try and encourage reconciliation in the mean time . 
  then maybe a long time from now when they do n't hate each other they could reunite if they choose too . 
   kosovo is an integral part of serbia . 
  if you really think about it do you think having kosovo would make serbia a better place or would it just create more problems because now you have more than a million people who do n't want to be part of your country . 
  what you going to do ? 
  kill them all ? 
  deport them ? 
  crush them under the boot heel . 
   imagine manchaster being settled by those calais migrants , than some more from other parts of the country join the and than they start kiling brits and declare independance . 
  would you be ok with that ? 
  bad example , albanians are native to the area and have been there for a long time . 
  if they all moved there in the pass say 20 years then i 'd agree with you but that 's not true and you know it . 
  well the problem is it 's too late to take it back now , kosovo got it 's independence for better or for worse . 
  trying to shove it back into serbia would just kickstart the conflict again . 
  and that 's why it 's a good idea for independence because otherwise they 'd just keep killing each other and it 'd be a bloodbath . 
   but seriously , assad is a douche and he should go . 
  the issue with this is who 's going to fill the void left over ? 
  there are n't really any other viable options . 
  assad is shit but he 's the only real option to bring some stability to the country . 
   furthermore it is a geopolitical interest of the eu that russia does not have syria as a puppet state , so i see no reason why the eu should be critical about this , especially if erdogan does n't take the refugee deal down soon ( more refugees could be the one legitimate concern for the eu ) . 
  well such actions would prolong the war even longer and that would extend the refugee crisis and possible make it even worse than it already is . 
  also i 'd rather syria is a russian puppet state than a massive conflict starts in the region . 
  russia has shown they are extremely invested in syria and anyone wanting to remove assad would have to engage in direct conflict with russia . 
  it 's really cold in some areas so that could be a reason , also i would say that during a protest it would be a smart idea if the state is the kind to disappear or fuck over protesters , though that does n't really apply to the netherlands . 
   i suppose by the same standards the uk marines should be have been shot and killed when they landed in spain ? 
  if they refused to respond then firing warning shots and then using lethal ammunition is a reasonable option . 
  though with ships they 'd likely just board instead of opening fire . 
   the social services sector will be destroyed , but who cares about that after all . 
  that was getting destroyed anyway to be honest , regardless of if we are in the eu or out . 
  at least now there wo n't be anyone for the politicians to put the blame on ( though they will likely find a way to dodge the blame anyway ) . 
   the us and russia have giant arsenals . 
  by the sheer weight of numbers they are the ones most likely to make the mistake that triggers the terrors you describe . 
  well i would say pakistan and india are more likely to end up using weapons . 
  but yeah the us and russia are a risk too . 
  that 's why it 's good when there are treaties between them to reduce their nuclear arsenal and also steps taken between them to reduce the risk of mistakes like the hotline . 
   if we 're going by the threat of bad government , the risk seems higher in just about any place you can name , compared to europe . 
  there is still a major increase in risk though . 
  also if the npt is torn up other countries will look to nukes also because how can a big player on the political stage like europe break the npt and expect it to be treated seriously ? 
   afaik none of them are being done by france , only russians and chinese are working on them , like the hypersonic gliders or quasi-ballistic missiles . 
  well yeah because of the us working on missile defense , if it was flipped it would be the same . 
   of course , and the other side would try to track them when they 're leaving port or their assigned patrol areas , etc. 
  we ca n't know what would happen in what scenario , but 100 % survivablity is the very best case , and no military would work with those assumptions . 
  well yeah i imagine the military would have backup plans in place . 
  i would hope so at least . 
   but seriously , i would expect that one submarine decided to fuck around and track the other , leading to the collision . 
  i doubt that they just ran into each other accidentally . 
  yeah maybe , what really happened is probably all classified . 
   of course , but you can not expect 100 % survivability for any kind of platform when fighting against equals . 
  of course , but you can expect a pretty good chance . 
   any remotely plausible scenario would involve increased tensions , probably conventional hostilities , etc. 
  and during this time they would be searching for the submarines very hard , and tracking those that are found .
