  there are also pro and anti eu parties and people to vote for . 
  i agree it 's a nice gesture , but it hardly sends a clear political message of what people in general want . 
  but but my alternative news said that trumps inauguration totally had the biggest crowd ever , those white spaces are just due to many of the crowd wearing white hoods, 
  well we shall see i guess and whether it will translate into the voting booth . 
   it 's going to be really complicated though - also lets see how it gets reported on in the uk . 
  that 'll be a laugh . 
  yeah the shitty tabloids are going to have a field day with this . 
  we 've already seen their disdain for the legal system after the whole high court stuff . 
  yeah it is a legal matter , i guess we agree on this lol, 
  i think it will go to court at some point to figure out who owes what . 
  i just hope things do n't get messy because i would like to have good relations with the eu . 
   actually , probably a fair bit more than most people seeing as how i work with the people that deal with this very sort of thing . 
  well i 'm sure those people will be hard at work trying to figure out the legal intricacies of this because i doubt it is a simple matter at all . 
   and you are n't at all arguing what i am saying . 
  what do you mean ? 
  fair does , i do n't have much problem with paying for projects that were agreed to previously as long as we still get the benefits from them and we are n't fucked around , i heard there are some other things thrown into the 60bn cost as well though like money for a possible future irish bailout and what not . 
  there really needs to be a breakdown of exactly what makes up this 60bn cost . 
   what do you mean not sure what it is ? 
  there has n't been a ruling determining what is what . 
  so this could be fact , it could be wishful thinking or just a highball request to be lowered in negotiations . 
   it is nothing to do with emotions and everything to do with the law . 
  how do you know ? 
  do you know in intricacies of international trade law ? 
  do you know the whether the agreement was a binding contract or a declaration of intent ? 
   it 's a matter of legality , not emotions . 
  at current we are not sure which it is , there needs to be a court case and some lawyers talked with to determine exactly what the uk is liable for and what assets we have claim on if any . 
  it 's like a divorce , one partner may say that they will get the house and so much in alimony but you do n't really know who gets what until you get the lawyers and a judge involved . 
  the people in the uk who voted in the referendum to let their opinion be known on the issue . 
  ~ ~ that budget cost you linked only comes to 27bn though , what is the rest that is being asked for for ? ~ ~ i read it wrong apparently so scratch all that . 
  that looks like more people for sure , though we 've already had a vote that showed what the majority wanted here . 
  what is said in the voting booth usually has more weight than what is said in some protest . 
  there looks like maybe a couple thousand people there ? 
  that 's hardly a clear message of a certain political thing being wanted by a lot of people . 
  well i assume they only dock when they need to , for maintenance , r and r or other reasons . 
  so i assume it 's useful for that . 
  well they have docked nuclear submarines there before so there must be some benefit or reason . 
  otherwise why would they ? 
  it has signit uses and has a place for nuclear subs and other naval forces to dock . 
   so did we back in the day , time to burn witches ig and ban gay people and those came straight from teaching in christianity . 
  it 's there in the bible it 's just that many people just started ignoring it now days . 
   she is not wrong on this well she 's partly wrong , it 's not the only source but i would say it is an aggravating factor . 
   certainly does n't fit an isis attack . 
  sure it does , there have been fair few past attacks and attempted attacks on soldiers and police by isis sympathisers in the past . 
  it is also encouraged to do such things in isis propaganda . 
  it 's the opinion of the uk government also so it counts for a fair bit ( that 's why they refuse to discuss the matter that much , because as far as they see it the matter is settled ) also i do n't care what the un says about this if it is counter to the idea of self determination of the people living there and if it includes the concept of forcing them to accept another countries control either in full or in part via a power sharing deal . 
   following the un position that the two nationa should talk what is there to talk about , the people living there voted overwhelmingly to be part of the uk . 
  so that 's the matter settled , they will remain part of the uk now and as long as they want to . 
  argentina just needs to accept it and move on . 
  around that time when the red army did have major victories in the eastern front yeah though they did it with massive help via the land lease so it was n't really a one nation show and was won by the combined effort of all the allied powers . 
  yep , he even wrote a letter about it http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/7510420/adolf-hitler-letter-hoping-for-cordial-relationship-with-britain-sold.html, 
  you should read more into what hitler thought relations with the uk would be like . 
  he really wanted a good cordial relationship . 
  they were hardly underlings , they were just uninvolved mainly and just traded . 
  if they were underlings they would n't of provided refugee for jewish people who fled . 
  but hitler was interested in co existence not capitulation ( at least until the war started ) , so we would be like sweden where would could just sit out of it , do trade and not be attacked . 
   not appropriate to britains ambitions . 
  so first you say it was for survival and now you say it 's about ambitions , moving the goalposts much ? 
   the us dismantled it mostly and you fought for your own survival it was not out of generosity of the heart . 
  hitler was pretty open to the idea of a peace deal with the uk and before war was declared there was overall a positive view , so we could of easily just played it like sweden and stayed out of it all . 
  so no it was n't really for our survival , if we only cared about that we would of just pushed for peace and not got involved . 
  also you underestimate the uk 's actions in ww2 , for example it provided the majority of the naval forces for d day . 
  of course i would say the us did more but the uk played a major role . 
   edit : sorry , triggered brexflakes . 
  / r/europe is not your fucking safe space . 
  sounds like you 're the one triggered when you put this salty edit, 
   why should it ? 
  we do n't get a vote in nato . 
  we do n't get any democratic supervision of nato . 
  we do n't even get to pick the commander of nato forces . 
  so pass . 
  the military should n't be democratic . 
  having heavy democratic involvement would just make it more open to political issues and complications . 
  you do n't want to vote for commanders of military forces , that 's a terrible idea . 
  well it 's a lot easier to respond to a relatively weak country like iraq compared to russia which is a pretty strong nuclear armed state . 
  but yeah you should always look to yourself for self defense in the end . 
  relying on others to defend you is foolish . 
  no shit , it 's also not something that can be started to anywhere quickly . 
  if you had to flee your home , likely be scattered from you extended family and friends and lose what ever property you own . 
  do you think you could just restart you life elsewhere easily ? 
  or do you think you life would mainly be put on hold until you can go home and those issues fixed . 
   because the way that you presented them looked like it 's a personal opinion . 
  if they 're not , i apologize . 
  i 'd like to know what your opinion is nonetheless . 
  well i believe some cultures have better elements than others . 
  for example a culture than says a woman and a man deserve equal treatment is better than one that says a man is superior and a woman is property . 
  but that 's just down to my values and in the end of the day values are subjective anyway . 
   of course you should . 
  i did n't say that either . 
  you should always strive to be better . 
  but not in the context of `` us being better/superior to them '' that some short sighted nationalistic morons seem to like to blazon . 
  blind competition among `` cultures '' is what led to the horrors of the past century . 
  but what way would it be better if all cultures and societies formed from them are equal ? 
  a society that welcomes refugees and outsiders would be the same as one that rejects them . 
  also i agree there should n't be blind competition , but there also should n't be blind acceptance . 
  a balance must be made . 
   you should do it in the context of being better at helping human beings who have not been as fortunate as you . 
  it 's called taking the higher ground . 
  the higher ground is n't so great if it may end up causing you issues and crumbling beneath your feet . 
  i agree we should attempt to take the higher ground but not at a large cost to ourselves . 
  we are not obligated to be the world 's martyrs .
