  you sure are acting outraged for someone supposedly against outrage culture . 
  you yourself are saying stuff like `` i hope europe does n't turn in america '' , that sounds like a pretty strong over reaction to me . 
  but yeah people have been pretty ridiculous here . 
  but that 's just the internet , people have a habit of being silly . 
   yes , hat 's the thing with left-wing terrorism : you ca n't kill the people you want to inspire to revolt , even if they are completely uninterested in revolution . 
  you can argue that the raf 's goals were ideological , naive and completely divorced from reality , but at least they were n't apocalyptic . 
  i have no doubts that if `` is '' had the possibility to nuke a city in europe , they would do it . 
  well yeah that 's what makes is so dangerous , with previous groups like red army faction at the end of the day they want public support and like you said they want the revolution . 
  so obviously they do n't want to alienate the average person too much . 
  with is they do n't care about that , we are all just kafir to them and the more they kill the better . 
  so yeah they 'd detonate a nuke , shoot up a public place or do whatever to kill as many as possible . 
   still , i think that we are nowhere near the intensity of those years . 
  people were literally fighting in the streets . 
  students got shot , their apartments searched , politicians and bankers got killed - their security detail too . 
  politicians discussed the possibility of executing locked up terrorists in retaliation for terror attacks -- which was a giant taboo after germany 's conduct in ww2 . 
  i remember that post office counters used to be protected with thick bulletproof glass when i grew up . 
  it was completely normal to me back then , and that was the tail end of the raf era . 
  all of this stuff is unbelievable looking back and nothing today compares to it -- yet . 
  yeah i agree , we are no way near the cold war levels of intensity . 
  people seem to think either we are in a hell like never before due to immigration or about to turn into some fascist hell hole due to right wing parties . 
  but i do think that we ca n't be foolish and ignore the obvious divides there are and the risk of escalation there is . 
  it 's better to sort things out now that let things get out of control . 
   maybe i am too optimistic , but i think our society is as free as it ever was , and it will remain free if we do n't let thugs whip us up into a frenzy . 
  we will mourn and bury the dead , let the security forces do their job , and live on as we always do . 
  would be nice though if our intelligence agencies could act immediately once they identify a person who poses a risk . 
  yeah , i think there is a balance to be made . 
  you do n't want an overreaction but you do n't want an underreaction either . 
  i would say there are clearly changes that need to be made but also i do n't think like some other people that we should throw out all muslims or something ridiculous like that . 
   you are a heartless basstard . 
  not really  a now friend of mine , a refugee from afghanistan , was a translator for the us army and as the americans left the country he was denied any help from the us , you can imagine how the taliban loved people who helped the us army . 
  after the taliban killed one if his kids , his mom , dad and two of his siblings in a nightly raid he fled the country with his wife , the two kids left and his youngest brother . 
  he fighted for the americans in the hope for a better future for his country and was dropped after he had no value anymore . 
  yeah and they are the kind of people who should be allowed in . 
  it should be priority for people like that who want a better future and helped the coalition when they were there . 
  at the moment it 's priority given to whoever pays a smuggler to take them over with the people still in the camps and who ca n't afford it largely forgotten . 
  what serious actions do you think the government should take if such a thing happened ? 
   they did n't , but the genesis of the raf was setting fire to a department store ( after business hours ) and the printers of the bild tabloid . 
  sounds a lot better than driving a bus through a christmas market . 
   my parents told me how oppressive the 70s felt . 
  armed police conducting searches , roadblocks -- the society was very divided too . 
  i imagine it was way worse back then . 
  i think that is more due to the cold war , germany was literally divided in two with landmine and all sorts of hell in between . 
  also the paranoia of a communist uprising or a sudden attack . 
  so how many deaths would there need to be for you to think there needs to be some serious changes ? 
   you could however argue that the left-wing terrorism of the 70s had a bigger impact on everyday life ; it was born in west-berlin , many incidents happened in west-berlin , and it led to legislative measures that affected large groups of people ( e.g. 
  the so-called `` radikalenerlass '' ) . 
  i think that is more due to the worries of a communist uprising than the attacks themselves . 
  it was at the time of the cold war so fear of a communist uprising was pretty high . 
   for tunisia , it would have been much better to lock him up in tunisia then to let him drag tunisian reputation into the dirt all over the world . 
  not really , if you can just export the shitty people elsewhere so you do n't have to deal with them that 's good for you . 
  unless the countries they end up in start taking serious steps against you . 
   a lot of people will be very unhappy with the tunisian authorities because of their spineless behavior . 
  well unless that unhappiness turns into action i do n't think they 'll care much . 
   raf terrorism in the 70s ... was raf terrorism really worse ? 
  they generally targeted military/police and did n't really kill that many people . 
  they did n't aim for mass civilian casualties as islamist groups do . 
  for example more died in just the attack in nice than during the raf 's entire existence . 
  i think the anger is less at the fact that people say `` do n't be afraid '' and more at the implication that this is how it is now and nothing will change so just ignore it and move on . 
  also a bunch of people being killed in a terrorist attack generally gets peoples a bit worked up . 
  so all possibilities that may happen that would n't even be committed by this random reddit commenter and that they may not even support . 
  compared to brutal actions that have already and are still being committed , yeah sounds totally equal . 
  i find such a thing pretty unlikely though , germany has had a successful attack and a fair few attempts . 
  it is clearly doing worse off when it comes to this . 
   americans are an anglo people regardless , so why distinguish them from the english , right ? 
  hardly , there are some english descendants there sure but there are also people descended from almost everywhere in europe . 
  there are actually more german and irish descendants than english descendants . 
  yeah but not on turkey itself . 
   thats for sure . 
  it happened before when turkey invaded cyprus so it will probably happen again . 
  however you must realize those sanctions were primarely aimed at military technology and weaponry . 
  yeah because the us and friends did n't want to fuck turkey too hard , you were still a valuable ally against the soviets . 
   we are much more prepared then we were back then . 
  though no doubt economic sanctions will be harsh in return . 
  they would be very harsh , they would fuck your economy hard . 
  also you 'd likely be kicked out of nato and even possibly engaged . 
   i am not talking about british bases being attacked . 
  why would you do that ? 
  i thought that was being implied . 
   all i am saying is that you legit can not get into a major war without someone attacking you directly . 
  sure you can , there are loads of interventions that started without direct engagement . 
   allies of cyprus did not really help during the turkish operation right ? 
  even greece did not lift a finger . 
  turkey was a far more valuable ally back then for nato . 
  now days you would get sanctioned into oblivion and there could be a possible intervention . 
  well that 's fair , though if there was an invasion there could possibly be an intervention and a fuck ton of sanctions for sure . 
   wars do not work like that in the 21st century pal sure they do , attacking a base is a quick way to end up at war . 
  what do you think would happen ? 
   there are too many things at stake here . 
  yeah like setting precedent that attacks on military forces would n't get a response . 
  also the immense value those bases provide , like the us flying u-2s from there and the spying shit that goes on there . 
   those british bases wont stop shit initially yeah but you 'd quickly have the uk and friends coming to bring the pain if you fucked with them . 
  not really , the turkish cypriots are cypriots . 
  so i would personally say that ideally it should be a united cypriot nation with both the greek and turkish cypriots living together , not a turkish nation ( as in turkey the country ) being separate . 
  well yeah germany has a low level , but other places it is n't even an issue at all really and some places it 's an even worse issue . 
  maybe we agree on more than we think . 
  i agree we should n't contribute to an atmosphere of hatred , but we also must come down harder on extreme elements and not allow such things to grow and fester . 
  it 's a balance that must be made , you must n't fall to hatred but you also must n't be overly naive and blind . 
  well i think it 's still possible and it will be a lot easier to get backing for it now it 's been shown what happens when we let it fester . 
  also yeah a limited military intervention could be possible but may end up causing more problems as they would become a priority target and there will be inevitable fuck ups and civilian deaths . 
  but if it 's naturally occurring in the nature of humans then why is it not uniform everywhere ?
