  that would be great, 
  obviously , but you said you doubt any brit . 
  not just that you think many or some would think that . 
  i never said we should so it , i 'm just saying such things are easier than you think and we are n't above such things . 
  people seem to think that such a thing would n't work and is n't possible but is and that 's what makes the idea more scary . 
  i see the british empire like that so you 're wrong there, 
  it 's the better option but it would need to be done along with strict border control . 
  as well as obligating the countries helped to take their citizens back . 
  if you do n't get it you do n't get it . 
  i 'm probably wrong anyway , i 'm no expert on economics . 
  well not everyone on the market thinks alike , some may sell , some may buy . 
  i guess some people got nervous and decided to sell and some people saw the opportunity in dropped prices and decided to buy . 
  well if they already knew it was going back up they would n't of sold it in the first place . 
  well at least the nuclear winter will cancel out the global warming, 
   but this is europe , we should n't ever be soft but we 're not monsters either . 
  if pushed or led down a dark path we can be monsters just like everyone else . 
  eh they 'll be some survivors as long as they 're smart and do n't try to play hero to the whole world . 
  because there will be some areas that 's are n't as badly effected and those areas will be the new rich awesome countries . 
  well if that happens it 's every nation for itself because no one would be able to feed and maintain the amount of people there would be to care for . 
   right . 
  but i suppose the average person will prefer taking a bribe over shooting someone unarmed . 
  even shooting someone armed in self-defense leaves serious psychical scar , there are enough people on reddit who went through it , there were discussions in populous us subreddits ... people would do it anyway , just look at history . 
  it 's not hard to organize and order massacres , happens all the time . 
  and after a while the message would be out there . 
  and hell we could always outsource the work , pay off some gaddafi type to do it for us . 
   and people who 'd prefer shooting wo n't be really good for society , especially after the actual hands-on killing experience . 
  well you would n't really need them . 
  the average person is capable of more brutality than you think , tell them they 're under threat , fill their head with propaganda and they 'll kill groups of civilians . 
  well hopefully it 'll work out but i doubt it, 
   when us stock markets skyrocketed , media was saying it had a lot to do with the peaceful transition of power , which is one really nice thing - us has the longest peaceful transition of power in the world . 
  i would say it 's more to do with the fact that after the panic when it dropped really low , a lot of people took the opportunity to grab great stocks cheap because they were way below what they were really worth and that shot the value back up . 
  not that i agree with their idea but the threat would work , it 's all about risk vs reward . 
  at the moment there is some risk but there is a pretty good reward so people do it , you decrease the reward and increase the risk then people would n't do it anymore . 
   or you know , you could fight climate change and not make it so that hundreds of millions lose their homes ? 
  i 'm pretty sure by current research they found out that climate change is now inevitable , now it 's just about how fucked we are going to get . 
  who did ? 
  fair does and yeah it was n't left in a great state at all . 
  well the whole history wars was the debate of which view to take on australian history , either to focus on the horrible shit or to ignore it ( to put it in simple terms ) from what i understand . 
  so that by itself shows there is a debate about it , it was n't as simple as just `` no we are perfect , nothing ever happened and everyone thinks we 're awesome '' . 
  no shit ? 
   thinking the uk can `` cherry pick '' it away is totally unrealistic i 'm sure if we hold our breath a little longer you 'll come around , 
  to be fair the autobahn is pretty awesome, 
  so could you find me a similar statement ? 
  because while i 've seen plenty of the old `` oh well the empire was more good than bad '' i 've never seen a statement along the lines like my quotation by a major political figure . 
   are you sure about that ? 
  the british backed partition of india has led to two nuclear armed states in a stand-off for almost 70 years . 
  blaming that entirely on britain is removing the agency of the people who live there . 
  you saying those things as if i am denying them , i know well the amount of atrocities committed by the british empire . 
  did you think the part in quotations was serious or something ? 
  they are n't really the worst if they at least admit there was bad . 
  imagine if they said something like `` and you will see no one mentions colony , invasion , oppression or massacres alongside the united kingdom '' like erdogan is saying about turkey . 
  that 's on a whole different level of revisionism and denial . 
  i guess he just sticks his fingers in his ears and says `` lalalala ca n't hear you lalala '', 
   and the balkans remember turkish people from history as being `` truehearted '' . 
  lolwut  today , visit anywhere in syria , iraq , north africa , the middle east or the balkans , and ask the people there their opinions of turkey , and you will see no one mentions colony , invasion , oppression or massacres alongside turkey , '' erdo\u011fan said . 
  i want to try what he 's been smoking because it must of been strong to make him forget the whole ottoman empire period of history . 
  88 is sometimes used by neo-nazis because the 8th letter is h so hh for heil hitler . 
   and nuclear reactors are the quietest option available . 
  i think diesel subs are quieter actually because you can switch the engine off and run off the batteries they charge . 
  but nuclear reactors always need coolant running and what not . 
  nuclear reactors can stay at sea longer though and that 's good for ballistic missile submarines because you always want them lurking around out there . 
   he says . 
  `` i also wanted to escape this french government , which was segregationist , racist and all that . '' so he went to isis , that is racist and segregationist to the point of executing thousands of shia 's and videotaping the whole thing for use in propaganda . 
  hopefully they were n't seriously injured, 
   there is no doubt that if the will of the people of all 32 counties had been expressed that the majority would have overwhelmingly voted for complete independence from england . 
  so essentially a minority of the people are given majority control in a section of the country . 
  well we do n't want to kick start the troubles again by forcing decisions onto the people in northern ireland . 
  let them vote in a referendum again and if it 's to join ireland then so be it . 
   besides , it is extremely hypocritical for us or eu countries to blame turkey for cherry picking the `` good ones '' , while they are doing the same thing . 
  well there is a difference between picking the good ones to allow in than picking the good ones and then refusing to let them leave . 
  you should remove the religious requirement and also allow other headgear provided it does n't cover the face and what not . 
   ca n't you see that our discussion is proving my point . 
  both of us have similar background and culture yet we fundamentally differ in the view of laws of our countries ? 
  i would n't say it 's proving your point at all . 
  i never said there would n't be disagreement , it 's exactly because of this disagreement that we should be treated equally under the law . 
   you ca n't please everyone and thus you have to be flexible to maximize utility . 
  you ca n't treat all people the same because not everyone want 's to be treated the same . 
  i would say that because you ca n't please everyone you should at least ensure their equality under the law . 
  to grant extra stuff to one group is always going to be discriminatory to another group so it 's better to just try and make it as equal under the law as possible . 
  for example if you said `` yeah headgear is allowed provided it does n't cover the face and prevent identification '' then it would n't prevent the wearing of the hijab but still provide equality under the law . 
  also how flexible must you be ? 
  i listed some examples in the comment you replied to , would you say those are things that we should be flexible on ? 
  where is the line drawn ? 
   you 're trying to view your laws and policies as an utopianistic world but that is simply not possible . 
  laws will always discriminate someone and be less fair to others . 
  there will always be issues be we can try and make it as non-discriminatory as possible by trying to ensure everyone is treated equally to the best of our ability . 
   let 's just agree to disagree . 
  alright, 
   people will never have equal needs and can not be represented in their best interest by having everything the same for all people . 
  i agree for certain circumstances like when it comes to physical differences or mental challenges . 
  but when it comes purely to cultural or religious ideals ( or lack of religious ideals ) then they should all be treated equally . 
  because there are way to many conflicting religious and cultural ideals . 
  for example non voluntary gender separation ? 
  should such a thing be allowed in areas because it 's traditional to a culture or is believed by a religious group ( i edited in an example in my comment above ) ? 
  or say discriminatory teaching methods in children 's education like having a separate curriculum for boys and girls based on religious ideals . 
  there are just so many issues and conflictions and that 's why it 's best to just enforce equal treatment for all . 
   people are diverse and different , have different beliefs , customs , culture etc. 
  and all should be treated equal under the law , no exceptions . 
   a country should serve all those beliefs , cultures and customs to their best interest . 
  it ca n't serve them all to the best interest of all of them because many are conflicting , some cultures disagree with things that others do n't and what not , that 's why it 's best to just treat them all equally .
