  but they agreed to be with us on foreign policy decisions . 
  that is what they voted for by voting to be a british overseas territory . 
  it 's part of the deal , they can handle many of their own affairs but foreign policy and defence are decided by the uk as a whole . 
  so yeah we are respecting their wishes because they agreed to being a british overseas territory with all that entails . 
  it is n't a `` yeah we go with the foreign policy of the uk but only if we like it '' it is a `` we go with the foreign policy of the uk ''  and spain respected that . 
  case closed . 
  for now , it seems they may want to push for a change in circumstances . 
  if that includes some joint sovereignty deal or even a transfer of gibraltar without a referendum that is going against the will of the people living there . 
   well / u/fatortu [ +5 ] lives in an imaginary world where spain did n't respect the wishes of the gibraltarians and i brought him to the current world where it is uk that is not respecting the wishes of gibraltarians . 
  but we are , they voted to remain a british overseas territory . 
  part of that includes going with the uk in decisions like this even if they may not like it . 
  now if they want out they are more than welcome to hold another referendum . 
  well i mean if you want a recent well known example just look at crimea . 
  that is an example of the whole `` muh clay '' sentiment . 
  also argentina and the falklands , serbia and kosovo and probably many others i have n't thought of . 
  territorial claims are and will probably always be a hot issue at least for a foreseeable future . 
   well uk will ignore the gilbraltarian referendum that is the most recent which referendum ? 
  if you are referring to the whole eu referendum that was a referendum for the whole of the uk to decide on a course of action via a majority . 
  so the whole of the uk will be together in this including gibraltar as a part of the uk as an overseas territory . 
  you 're naive , the whole `` muh clay '' is a pretty strong sentiment among many countries and politicians and i doubt spain is any different . 
  i 'm sure there will be a discussion over how the border and what not will run from now on but it wo n't involve handing over gibraltar . 
  it would be against the constitution of gibraltar as well as being political suicide in the uk to suggest it . 
  trying to grab land off the uk via blackmail is a quick way to have a hostile neighbour . 
  do you really think we will just take this lying down ? 
  i 'm sure we can find all kinds of ways to push back if it comes to that which i hope it does n't . 
  it 's nice to see comments like this so thanks for that, 
  yeah but often after one attack a few people will take it as motivation to do their own so they often occur in clusters . 
  a copycat attempt maybe due to the recent attack in london . 
  i just hope this can be over soon , i do n't want this to be something we just have live with from now on . 
   but overall far fewer people are being killed now than in the 70s or 80s . 
  yeah and that 's a good thing , but it seems things are taking a turn for the worse again when you look at the recent attacks in europe and now this attack in the uk . 
   it was objectively worse back then . 
  i agree , but i would say the terrorist groups are worse now because they have no qualms about killing civilians and going for mass casualty attacks by whatever means . 
  and the groups are n't exactly the types you can negotiate with . 
  yeah i agree there are less terrorist attacks overall , but attacks have become more deadly due to groups like isis just wanting to kill as many as possible because we are all seen as enemies/infidels to be killed . 
  so i would say that is worse . 
  i would rather have more bombs but with warnings than less bombs without warnings tbh . 
  they would rarely target civilians though , i think more people died in the 7/7 bombings than in all the ira bombings in london . 
  that time stamp is a terrible shop probably done in microsoft paint so it 's probably just a weird coincidence . 
  what language would you put the tv channel in though ? 
  i do n't there would be agreement on what language to use . 
  or would it be like a different language for each hour or something weird like that . 
   the problem is that the events were massively exaggerated . 
  `` sexual assault '' literally happens in every night club ever weekend when some guy grabs a women 's ass , which is sadly quite common . 
  the stuff that happens in clubs is an issue i agree , but a rampaging mob going around in a public place randomly assaulting women is n't exactly an average day in germany . 
  it was a unprecedented event and while it may of been exaggerated by some what really happened is serious enough . 
  to treat it as if it is just a normal event and not such a big deal is being misleading and it lends propaganda to the far right types because they can say `` see they are trying to bury it '' . 
   i want to see the far right protest against german men groping women , we all know it would never happen . 
  why would that happen ? 
  it 's not something they are focused on politically . 
  political groups generally focus on issues they think prove their point . 
  that 's the same with every group out there . 
   they do n't care about the victims , it 's just used to bashing immigrants . 
  same with terror attacks , only if it 's muslims it 's called terrorism and front page . 
  and the far right loves terror attacks because it gives them propaganda material . 
  well yeah i ca n't argue with terrorist attacks being beneficial to them politically and them using that . 
  but is that really so different than what other groups do like anti-gun groups during mass shootings and the left during a far right attack . 
  if something happens that a group thinks proves their point of course they are going to point to it a lot and say `` see i am right '' . 
  we should hold a scottish referendum before we do the whole article 50 stuff . 
  doing them at the same time would be insane . 
  better to just get this referendum and possible scottish independence over and done with and then work out the whole leaving the eu business . 
  building nukes for germany and what not would be a breach of the npt . 
  which france and germany ( and pretty much all of europe and the world ) are signatories too . 
  the only option is just france saying `` yeah we will have your back '' . 
  unless you want to just tear up the npt which would set a precedent . 
  though there has been the precedent already set that france could have nukes staged in other countries because the us has been doing that for years . 
  well my tl ; dr is , it says it 's going to be shit but in the end it is just a prediction . 
  they have been right before they have been wrong before , only time can tell . 
  but i expect lots of misery and a shit . 
  so this prediction seems right in line with that . 
  eh i glanced over it , i 'm not going to read a big document . 
  it 's too depressing anyway , maybe i was just trying to at least see something positive even if it may not be true . 
  that generally shows there will be a short time impact and then things will even out more in the long term . 
  so pretty much what is expected , though it does not really take into account possible regulatory changes that could benefit the financial market . 
  these kinda predictions show possibilities but it general you just have to wait and see because there are all kind of factors to take into account and what is true today could be massively different tomorrow . 
  an even bigger part is stuff outside the common market though . 
  it will make an impact sure but it would n't be as big as a lot of people seem to think . 
   i empathise with your caution , but i 'm sorry , i can not agree with this sophistry . 
  not really sophistry when such things have already happened like in the example i gave . 
  such things have already happened before , just as we learn to have caution due to history when it comes to fascism let us also have caution of authoritarianism under the guise of anti-fascism due to history . 
   the defining traits of nazis and fascists are not really up to debate . 
  their current and historical beliefs are a matter of public record . 
  sure , but a lot of people overuse the term fascist and nazi so to them the defining traits are no so clear . 
   does someone hold most or all of those views ? 
  then they are probably a nazi . 
  sure i ca n't argue with that . 
   when fascists get in power , they wo n't give a toss about freedom of speech , so we should n't afford them this luxury either only issue with this is who gets to decide who the fascists are ? 
  it could easily be abused to silence groups some people disagree with or enforce authoritarian policies , remember that the berlin wall was called the anti-fascist protective wall . 
  if you mean the people who voted no then yeah they did by voting no in the first place . 
  being hysterical seems to be the norm in politics now days . 
  everything is the end of the world , a country becoming a hell hole , the rise of fascism , the rise of sharia and so on . 
   the message sent from the demonstration was clear . 
  i do n't know what is there to argue about . 
  i was n't really arguing , i was just saying what i thought . 
   it certainly does n't say `` we did a representative survey and the result is shown in the picture '' . 
  sure , i feel like there is an implication of this being a widely held view though . 
  but i could be wrong in that . 
  sure and the way the german people vote is a better way of showing the german people 's opinion . 
  afd are n't really that big of a party so they clearly do n't have that many people in germany agreeing with them . 
  well a referendum is n't the only thing to vote for that shows your opinion is it ?
