  if they want to remain part of britain then let it be , if they want to join ireland then fair does , let them . 
   if you steal something , it does n't magically become yours after 15,256 days . 
  well i would say that after a long enough time it 's not worth bothering with . 
  i would n't say that 's the case in cyprus now but in other areas where it 's been several generations there is so much distance between the people who did it and had it did to and the people there now it 's pointless to try and move people around again , it 'll just cause more problems . 
  so what 's the chance of the military doing a coup like what has happened previously ? 
  where is n't there a underlying threat of terrorism , i think every country has had experience and issues with some nut wanting to blow something up or shoot someone over some bullshit . 
  let 's be honest , gchq and mi5/6 is spying on them anyway . 
  also there is no fucking way they would share all their intel with europe , never have and never will . 
  well i did say morality is subjective , i 'm not saying my morals are the only right ones to have . 
  they are just my idea of right and wrong . 
  you 've lost me , maybe someone better at philosophy will give you a better discussion . 
  i just see killing someone who 's a shitty person who has caused massive harm and killed others as less bad than killing someone who has n't killed and caused harm to others . 
  for example if i was forced between killing brevik or a random person i would feel obligated morally to kill brevik over that random person . 
  what would you do in such a situation ? 
  as i said , morality is subjective . 
  i do n't think the outcome and the harm caused are the only thing that matters . 
  if it was then we would judge someone who causes an accidental death the same as we do someone who kills by design . 
  well i would say the morality behind the action is different . 
  it 's less immoral to kill someone who has harmed and killed others than to kill someone who has n't , but morality is subjective so you may not agree . 
   then we 'd just be lowering ourselves towards his level not really , there is a difference between killing a killer and killing kids . 
  but i agree that it would n't be the right thing to do . 
  this is / r/europe , do you really expect people to know what they 're talking about . 
  step 4 : re-create the ottoman empire step 5 : conquer lost territories while europe is busy burning and the middle east is destabilized dear god i think i figured out erdogans plan !, 
   right now you are as bad as saudi arabia no they really are n't , turkey may have problems but let 's not be stupid . 
  how do you define what an affiliate is and who is and is n't an affiliate ? 
  at least from what i know of the definition it 's someone officially linked to a group . 
  like they both take orders from the same overall organization or something . 
  but islam is n't that organized , there is no official central authority . 
  britain can just opt out , france is fucked though, 
   create a legal immigration corridor , only open to speakers of the language of the country they would immigrate to , and that have attended an introductory course . 
  would n't that mean that only countries like france and the uk would get immigrants because while there are plenty of french and english speaking people elsewhere . 
  i doubt there are many say polish or estonian speaking people . 
  well to be fair every once in a blue moon they 're right and it all goes to hell . 
  also if i was rich as fuck i 'd rather be in the roman republic getting pissed on wine , watching gladiator fights and living the decadent life . 
   but they 're dominant position is being eroded by competition from within the eu . 
  i think norway 's market share has actually increased in recent years , so no not really . 
  the eu is mainly importing fish from norway instead of exporting fish themselves . 
   being outside gives the insiders an advantage . 
  i dunno , i do n't really see much advantage . 
  what country in the eu is actually doing well in the fishing industry with a comparative industry to norway ? 
   plus norway in its protectionism does n't have a monopoly on salmon farming . 
  protectionism is n't stopping the advance of the competition . 
  sure it is n't stopping the competition , but it is protecting norway 's dominate position . 
   british industrialist once thought this way and then had the legs cut from under by their competitors !, 
  well i have n't seen much benefit fishing wise we have got from the eu . 
  ca n't argue with the numbers , norway is kicking our ass . 
   for the sector they 're facing competition from within the eu the argument against protectionism is actually stronger !, 
  they have to pay tariffs to compete against their eu competitors !, 
  yet even with these tariffs they remain one of the top exporters and fishing remains a massively profitable industry for them . 
  why do you think that is ? 
   the problem is is that the advances that norway has made in salmon farming can be replicated elsewhere and protectionism ca n't change the growth in competition . 
  well protectionism seems to be working very well for them so far even with the competition out there . 
  well you said norway ca n't compete and they get no benefit from being outside the eu at first so i was arguing against those points . 
  so therefore mentioning the protectionism is relevant . 
  of course they face competition anyway but they do well for themselves . 
  probably yeah , but the scottish fishing industry is very weak after many years of downturn so it 's unlikely . 
  while the norwegian fishing industry is strong due to norway strongly protecting it . 
  well they do have a deal negotiated yeah but eu companies do n't have free reign to operate in and fish norwegian waters . 
  norway is very strict with quotas and restricting others fishing in their waters . 
  yes is it , it is covered by the cfp, 
  because they can , the uk is n't as protectionist about fishing as norway is . 
  so while norwegian companies do great and grow the scottish fishing industry does n't do so well and loses out . 
  also a lot of the quotas of the cfp end up with scotland losing out and places like the faroe islands having better deals . 
  maybe because being wrong is seen as something so bad . 
  but to be honest to admit you 're wrong takes courage and should be respected . 
   yes you really do need to read more about it . 
  modern salmon farming is not deep sea fishing . 
  in fact a lot happens in fresh water too , which is where a lot of the competition to norway is coming from . 
  sure , i never said it was only deep sea fishing though or there was no competition . 
  but the norwegian waters have lot of fish which makes them great fishing waters . 
   i 'm afraid i ca n't make sense of the rest of your thoughts . 
  i do n't want to assume that you mean being non eu means all companies are norwegian owned , that 's not how it works . 
  that 's not my point , my point is more that due to restricting other countries ability to fish they can do a form of protectionism of norwegian fisherman and companies . 
  therefore keeping a lot of the business within norway . 
  if they were in the eu they would have to let all eu members fish their waters also and would n't be able to enforce quotas heavily like they do now . 
  well it would effect it by over fishing ( i heard norway has really strict quotas ) as well as places with lower wages under cutting the norwegian companies . 
  also the profits would move overseas because instead of being a norwegian company whose jobs , tax paid and so on would all be in norway it would be overseas companies instead . 
  i 'm not sure about all this though , i 'm no expert on fishing . 
  i imagine when they had a referendum on eu membership all this was looked into so more details are likely on the internet somewhere . 
  but if norway joined the eu would n't they have to open their waters to all other eu countries to fish also ? 
  therefore moving more of the profits overseas and risking more overfishing, 
  sure but i 'm pretty sure that the norwegian salmon industry is pretty profitable . 
  also i think they restrict other countries ability to fish their waters keeping a lot of the profit going to norwegian companies and fishermen . 
  sure , i do n't really see what your point is , could you clarify ? 
  if you say so, 
   lower minimum wage yeah let 's fuck over workers , i 'm sure nothing will go wrong . 
  how about we just remove any minimum wage and employment regulations . 
  then there will be jobs for everyone !!, 
  their country was n't swedish to begin with, 
   okay i do n't understand what being in nato has to do with the fact that the poles helped significantly destabilize the region in the iraq war . 
  you 're really overestimating the polish contribution to the iraq war . 
  they did very little in comparison to the us and uk . 
   its also funny that the poles are the ones fleeing their own country to work in the west but are not willing to accept any foreigners themself . 
  it 's hardly fleeing , they just go to richer countries for better paying work . 
  the whole workers moving around is a pretty central part to the whole eu . 
  people from other eu countries could go and work in poland if they wanted to , it 's just that not many want to . 
  huh ? 
  i thought norway was the worlds largest salmon exporter . 
  change is scary , i suggest we have cameron as permanent leader and when he dies we will just keep his corpse in the house of commons and pretend nothing is wrong . 
  no you 're wrong , it 's a choice between scandinavia being the new muslim caliphate or the new fascist reich .
