  most of the time they are switching sides on daily basis . 
  yeah but the us has withdrawn a lot of support because the rebels are too tainted with their associations with islamist groups . 
  they wo n't admit the rebels are totally hopeless to save face but i reckon they realise it . 
   also i do n't think turkey 's support of factions in syria will affect europe at all . 
  however , europe 's support of ypg directly affected turkey . 
  let 's say , tomorrow turkey starts supplying ira with weapons , would you be happy ? 
  well it ira were fighting a greater evil then it may just be a hard pill to swallow but the lesser evil overall . 
  i would push for greater negotiation to try and bring them into the fold . 
  yeah i expect there will be some blowback from this to turkey . 
  it was foolish to support these islamist groups . 
  there really needs to be good negotiation between turkey and the ypg with maybe the us mediating . 
  because the ypg is one of the better actors in the regions ( though they are n't perfect ) and are on the front in the fight with isis . 
  well turkey supported allies of and al-nusra itself that 's an al-queda affiliate ( yeah they recently said they are cutting ties but that is clearly a political play ) . 
  so they can hardly call foul when about supporting supposed terrorist groups when they do the same . 
  sure , that 's why at countries over time and not just focusing on a specific period . 
  well i would n't say looking at individual countries is deceptive . 
   so why was the number of casualties caused by those `` considerate '' terrorists in the 70s and 80s so much higher than that caused by our today 's `` hellbent friends '' ? 
  well it depends where you look , in france things are worse now when it comes to number of casualties . 
  in the uk things have gotten better . 
   the `` nice '' old terrorists also carried out mass casualty attacks . 
  yeah but the were a lot less common because civilian casualties were n't often the primary aim while with groups like isis killing as many civilians as possible is the primary aim . 
  that 's why many of the worst terrorist attacks in a countries history are happening now . 
  because the islamist groups do n't care about civilians in the slightest . 
  the game has changed to be honest and i only expect it to get worse and more bloody . 
  huh that does explain a lot thanks , i guess they are n't that bothered by it after all . 
   the ira killed about 1,800 people during its 30-year campaign , of which about 650 were civilians . 
  i think this is only the start though , as you say , since daesh are in a corner right now . 
  a thirty year campaign with 650 civilian deaths compared to now in france where they have had around a third of that in just two years . 
  makes me miss the ira style of terrorism where they would at least often give a warning call to avoid civilian deaths compared to terrorism now where civilian deaths are the whole point . 
  and the question is if the events in france are just a couple of one off events or the beginnings of an upwards trend . 
  i think it may be the latter . 
  also the scale of deaths in the attacks in also seem to be massive compared to the past . 
  it used to be many minor attacks and now it 's a few major attacks . 
  it due to other arabic words it sounds like apparently , i just know they do n't like it . 
  worldwide sure , but i 'm focusing on france . 
  the world overall can get better while certain areas can get worse . 
  so i would be interested to see a graph like that just for france . 
   they 're also saying that the two men were bearded and that they screamed `` daesh ! '', 
  when entering the church . 
  if that 's true they must be dumb as fuck because isis hate being called that and it 's said as an insult to them in the arab world . 
  edit : others have explained that they actually are n't that bothered by it so i was wrong on that . 
  here is a comment that explains it well http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4unp3g/hostages_taken_in_french_church_bbc_news/d5ragnq, 
  i 'm pretty sure more people have died in the past two years due to terrorist attacks than during the entire 80s and 90s in france . 
  someone should really do the math on it for france alone to see the scale of attacks over time because i 'm sure we will see a massive increase in the past two years . 
  that 's a definite possibility, 
  thanks for the translation, 
  can anyone translate what 's being said in this ? 
  there is [ this footage ] ( https://twitter.com/onlinemagazin/status/756539012551176194 ) of the supposed shooter , could you translate what 's being said ? 
  yeah , we 're going to have to wait and see i guess, 
  it 's called being an idiot, 
  yeah , it could be , though the fact they got away ( for now at least ) makes me think they knew what they were doing . 
   you have as much morality as isis . 
  unless they are committing genocide , raping women , massacring civilians and doing other various war crimes then that 's a retarded comparison . 
  it 's possible , seems a weird target though . 
  if it was a right wing extremist usually they would target something or somewhere political or certain groups of people and not just random people in a random place as this seems to be . 
  i hope it wo n't be anything serious like a major attack edit : [ livestream from outside the scene ] ( https://www.periscope.tv/jackyfakkindaniels/1myxnzdwdknxw ) edit 2 : livestream has ended, 
  actually she died the day after , not the same day as these attacks . 
  france really ca n't catch a break, 
  indeed , but maybe you should wait for the facts to come out before rushing to judgement ? 
  we do n't even know the details of this case and you 're already holding the eu responsible for not keeping people safe ? 
  that 's a bit ridiculous . 
  the perpetrator has been shot according [ to this ] ( https://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?depth=1&amp;rurl=translate.google.com&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://www.mainpost.de/regional/wuerzburg/grosseinsatz-in-wuerzburg-heidingsfeld%3bart735,9293374&amp;usg=alkjrhgou10jhvtfiqzbxraiuueukaatdq ), 
  the rote armee fraktion were a different kettle of fish , i 'm pretty sure more people died in just the attack in nice than in every attack done by the raf throughout their campaign because the raf while a terrorist group were targeted , they went after police , the army and what not . 
  these islamist groups just want to kill as many civilians as possible and that makes them far more dangerous . 
  if they did bring back the death penalty would n't it be illegal for greece to extradite those people who claimed asylum if there was any chance of them being sentenced to death . 
  the military are liberal ? 
  maybe you should read about the coup in the 80s where people were executed and thousands arrested with widespread abuses . 
  they may be secular sure but they are n't liberal . 
   but erdogan supports isis , they are oil-allies everyone buys oil from isis , turkey , assad and rebels . 
  they all do it because they need oil and it 's really fucking cheap . 
  holy shit this sounds like a fucking coup, 
  i 'd be surprised if there was n't at least one more attack by the end of the year . 
  three major attacks in france within 18 months , something is clearly going very wrong . 
  nope never heard of them until they were made minister, 
  i personally have n't really heard of them until now so i dunno, 
   i think it is more about having some of the brexiteers in the government , while the brexit , because otherwise they 'd just claim that may etc. 
  did n't get the best deal possible . 
  and considering the `` deal '' the brexiteers promoted during their campaign was never even considered by any eu leader , but just some crap they claimed to get votes , they would always claim it was mays fault , the brexit turned out a desaster . 
  also when we inevitably get a way worse deal than what the breixters were saying we 'd get she can throw boris and that other leave guy who is the minster to brexit to the wolves to save herself . 
  well i 'm curious about their opinion and will do them the favour of not assuming their viewpoint, 
  yeah , i can only see it happening if the british parliament supports it and that 's possible but unlikely . 
  why clinton ? 
  there really needs to be a lawyer who specializes in international law to go over this and see if that 's a possibility . 
  from what i read about that specific international law i dunno if it applies ( it 's usually meaning wars of aggression or violating treaties saying you would n't do it and what not ) , but it 's possible it does . 
  the problem is that they need to legally prove specific intent and prove the case in a court of law . 
  it 's easy to say and a lot harder to do , there is a reason the trials usually last for ages . 
  the lawyers will be going over the report seeing if there is something to charge him with though . 
  would be good if it happened though , would love to see the look on tony blair 's face when the sentence came down as guilty . 
   here 's hoping blair is impeached , and that america follows suit and impeaches bush so they can keep each other company . 
  then the whole gang can be turned over to the hague to be tried for war crimes . 
  in the us there is actually a law saying us people ca n't be tried in the hague and they will use military force to stop it if it did happen . 
  source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_service-members%27_protection_act  i know a lot , maybe most people in the uk and us would prefer to pretend that none of this matters anymore and is all irrelevant . 
  the sober truth is however , that a crime remains relevant until the persons responsible are held accountable , especially when that crime is committed by the state on behalf of the public . 
  i dunno who you been talking too in the uk but the idea of holding blair responsible and digging into this is very popular . 
   the decay in respect for human rights and international law in the last 10 years or so , i.e. 
  russian aggression in the crimea , and the belligerence of north korea to name a few , are the direct result of the undermining of international mores precipitated by the bush-blair war in iraq eh that 's pushing it , north korea was the same before the iraq war and russia was n't exactly a great follower of human rights and international law before the iraq war either . 
  though i do agree it makes it harder for the us and uk to give criticism when they have done shit like the iraq war themselves . 
  i 'd laugh if it was n't so fucking depressing , i guarantee there will just be more cuts to the nhs . 
  well when that happens the world will likely erupt in conflict, 
  well we can try and help desperate people , but millions of people is way to much and would just end up causing massive harm to the county .
