  no , that 's not at all what i said . 
  terrorists can live wherever . 
  that 's a social issue , not an intelligence issue . 
  them being able to carry out their attacks with little intervention , that 's a failure of intelligence agencies . 
  mi5 , mi6 , gchq and the police have managed to stop [ 50 attacks since 2005 here in the uk ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-33417300 ) clearly that is n't ` little intervention ' . . 
  they 've been intervening regularly and successfully for a decade now . 
  they will never catch them all , but they 're doing their best to try . 
  on the other hand we have : * train attack that was stopped by pure chance ? 
  planned in belgium . 
  * paris attacks 3 days ago ? 
  planned in belgium . 
  * weapons used for kosher supermarket attack ? 
  bought in belgium . 
  * weapons used to kill people at a jewish museum in 2014 ? 
  bought in belgium , and then used in belgium . 
   on the other side of the same coin , for all you & your british fellows could know , your mis might hold hague by the balls with blackmail if he had n't picked those two in particular ... or , heck , maybe hague is their man . 
  or alternatively he felt they were the best people for the job . 
   after charlie hebdo , they enacted big brother laws , correct ? 
  well , color me oblivious , but it seems those big brother laws did n't anticipated this attack . 
  it takes more than 6 months to build a gchq of your own . . 
  reply to this comment when the sources are up . 
  cheers . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   cctv all the homes in uk . 
  literally , every room in every house in uk needs to be under cctv . 
  perhaps this will help too ? 
  obviously there is a balance to be struck . 
   who was it , franklin that said : those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . 
  yes , said in the 1700 's . 
  things have changed a wee bit . 
  threats have changed , and ways to stop them have changed . 
  alex younger was appointed head of mi6 by william hague . 
  pretty sure andrew parker , head of mi5 , was also appointed by william hague . . 
  and yet they have the resources to descend on 168 places in one morning a few days after a terrorist attack . . 
  mental . 
  they have been investigating 168 places , and when raided they find 31 weapons , including a fucking rocket launcher . 
  if it turns out they were monitoring the guys that committed fridays attacks , heads will role . 
  why were these guys left for so long ? 
  why did it take a devastating terrorist attack to actually move on them ? 
  i am * not * claiming we wo n't be attacked again , nor am i claiming our security services are infallible . 
  nice to see you 'll use a terrorist attack as a ` gotcha ' , though . 
  to be fair , we 're doing that too . 
  it 's not proven that it did n't . 
  kind of the point of security services . 
  they keep their cards close to their chest . 
  if it did n't work , i 'm sure the head of security services would much rather stop it and spend the money elsewhere on more effective means . 
  it 's one more tool in the box . 
  [ our security services have prevented 7 terrorist attacks in 6 months . . ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/14033689.david_cameron__seven_terror_attacks_have_been_stopped_in_the_last_six_months/ ) we 've not had a major attack in a decade . 
  we 're doing something right . 
  if your government did their job we would n't be forced to do it for them . . 
  do you remember how much everyone on here cried when they found out gchq had hacked a belgian telecoms company ? 
  because i remember . 
  i remember calls to kick us out the union for it . . 
  oh , i did n't realise . 
  regardless , that 's not how conventional border controls work . 
  having the passport of the country you 're entering does n't make you immune from search . 
  i get searched sometimes coming back to the uk from france . 
  edit : the guy they 're hunting was born in belgium , but is also a french national . 
  that 's why i was confused . 
  does it have to be either/or ? 
  yeah , but the rest were from belgium . 
  seems we need to protect internal and external borders alike . 
  er , did n't these terrorists mostly come from belgium . 
  seems to me that all countries need to control their borders . 
  guys gayer than the day is long . 
  staging an infiltration via migrant routes does n't have any part in turning the people of europe against each other . 
  all it does is turn the people of europe against ` refugees ' . 
  the terrorist attacks themselves help turn the far right in europe against the muslims in europe . 
  what isis have done is proof of concept . 
  no more discussion really needs to be had at this point . 
  it 's no longer a hypothetical that 's up for debate . 
  we now have absolute proof that terrorists from syria can use our lax immigration policy to infiltrate our countries . 
  if we do n't act , we are starry-eyed fools . 
  does it matter if it was staged ? 
  he 's shown that yes , terrorists can easily enter europe using that route thanks to our failed immigration policy . 
  huh . . 
  or , like , no . 
   these terrorists are very well trained in every sense . 
  they also probably use super encryption , so no form of mass surveillance is going to detect them . 
  they might have great opsec , but there only needs to be one failure for flags to be raised . 
  maybe not even someone directly involved in the attack . 
  and given that isis are routinely getting drone striked due to posting on twitter from their mobiles , i 'm not sure they 're all the masterminds they 're made out to be . 
  also , there 's countless examples of ` idiot terrorists ' . . 
  i mean , how smart are you really if you 're attempting to kill other people and yourself based on the words of some guy a few thousand years ago ? 
   if there were even a couple armed guards at the event or an armed patron at the restaurants the entire event might have been avoided . 
  unlikely . 
  they 'd just get taken our first . 
  plus , they were wearing vests . 
  as soon as they get shot , they 'd just blow themselves up . 
  just like they did yesterday when the police shot them . 
  [ gchq , mi5 and mi6 seem to do a pretty good job . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/terrorism-in-the-uk/10433482/spy-chiefs-public-hearing-security-services-have-foiled-34-terror-plots-in-uk-since-77.html ) we 've not had a major terrorist attack in over 10 years despite having a relatively high muslim population , and we 're constantly involved in all the drone strikes and wars that everyone else is . 
   get rid of all foreign facing units wut ? 
   what would fits better : 28 random different sets of agencies that do n't cooperate , and each set of agencies controls its own arbitrary patch of land relatively certain gchq is constantly monitoring the world , not just within our borders . 
  they share data regularly with other countries if it 's relevant . 
  turkey probably will follow nato because they might need nato to come to their aid in the future . 
  hahahaha , i 've never seen that before . 
  but the guy in the picture of comical ali , not chemical ali . 
  as the other commenter said , he 's retired in the uae now . 
  kinda glad he made it out alive .
