  fuck it now . . 
  they can go do one . 
  finland will win . 
  i suggest that next year our entry should be a transsexual , gay , retarded , paraplegic , quadriplegic banjo playing orangutan . 
  our pensions cost # 80bn a year . 
  norways fund has grown to # 530bn since 1971 . 
  so around # 12bn a year . 
  it 'd make a difference . 
  but not by much . . 
  genevas layout is stupid as hell . 
  it 's absurd . 
  the media everywhere ( especially the uk ) seem to be obsessed with them . 
  they 're predicted , best case scenario , 1.8 % of seats in parliament . 
   it must be pretty frustrating for greek redditors to see us focus so much on every sentence uttered by greek politicians . 
  i 'm just glad that no one 's posting farage/ukip shit any more . 
  click those links , read the articles , then come back to me and apologise . 
  actually , i 'll save you some time . 
   home office spokesperson said there were already extensive restrictions in place to control the sale and possession of knives . 
   `` the law already prohibits the possession of offensive weapons in a public place , and the possession of knives in public without good reason or lawful authority , with the exception of a folding pocket knife with a blade not exceeding three inches . 
   `` offensive weapons are defined as any weapon designed or adapted to cause injury , or intended by the person possessing them to do so . 
   `` an individual has to demonstrate that he had good reason to possess a knife , for example for fishing , other sporting purposes or as part of his profession ( e.g. 
  a chef ) in a public place . 
   `` the manufacture , sale and importation of 17 bladed , pointed and other offensive weapons have been banned , in addition to flick knives and gravity knives . '', 
  so our government laughed it off as the ridiculous request it was . 
  60 cents each . 
  hope you all enjoyed todays spend . 
  ^ ^ champiooonnnsssssss !, 
   in the event of a brexit in order to protect our economy and for the uk to protect theirs it is understood by everyone here that something similar to the ireland acts of 1948 and 1949 will be introduced . 
  how does this work ? 
  i thought all trade agreements to external countries have to go through the eu now . 
  if the we left the eu , and ireland stayed , ireland could n't just go over the eu 's head and create their own trade agreement with us . 
  [ this seems to confirm what i said about the eu handling trade agreements . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/reducing-barriers-to-international-free-trade--3/supporting-pages/international-trade-agreements ), 
   yes , it 's classified as an accepted risk , because it 's each citizens duty to make sure his pc is clean of malware , not the governments and therein lies the problem . 
  it 's the governments responsibility to offer a corruption free way to vote . 
  they ca n't do that with e-voting without securing everyones computer , which they ca n't and do n't do . 
  and i 'd argue that they ca n't offer a corruption free way to e-vote even if they could somehow secure everyones computers . . 
  it 's an absolute joke . 
  i 'm done here , we 're talking in circles . 
  damn , you replied just seconds after i deleted my post to edit it . 
  here 's some more negative and recent reviews of e-voting in general , including estonias . 
  all from experts . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/mar/30/why-electronic-voting-is-not-secure i just skimmed both of those links you posted ( badly translated to english by google ) and none of what was said was a convincing counter argument to the other sites claims . 
  they even admit that client side malware is a clear and present danger . 
  that 's reason enough to bin evoting . 
  when you have gchq operating as they do , you 'd need to be mental to think that estonias voting system is safe from them . 
  the us , russian and chinese 's similar organisations will be just as competent . 
  https://estoniaevoting.org/findings/summary/ https://jhalderm.com/pub/papers/ivoting-ccs14.pdf they broke it . 
  it 's peer reviewed . 
  e-voting in estonia is seriously flawed . 
  that organisation has basically proved that everything tom scott said in the video above is true of estonias system . 
  i do n't understand how to explain it to you any better than i already have . 
  you think that there only point of failure to a client/server based system is the client . 
  that demonstrates your complete lack of knowledge when it comes to information security . 
   no black boxes for us . 
  er . .  mobile app there 's your black box . 
  along with the server the mobile app connects to . 
  the wider point i was making is that it literally does n't matter . 
  if there 's a computer involved , the ` black box of tricks ' factor comes into play . 
  there 's no way there 'll be another one so soon . 
  it 'll piss people off more than anything . 
  plus oil price is in the shitter at the moment . 
  they wo n't have that card to play to guarantee scottish prosperity outside of the uk . 
  how ? 
  it that makes total sense . 
  why would you want an institution you deem undemocratic to have more power over you ? 
  where 's the hypocrisy ? 
  you sure you 're using the word right ? 
  what if we fuck it up and it becomes a 50 % chance ? 
  people would be pretty pissed at us . 
  interesting . 
  people have been trying this for quite a while , and this looks like the most promising one yet . 
  now , make me my iron man suit , scientists !, 
  they were on dragons den were n't they ? 
  hard to find their products nowadays . 
   but fuck , i remember talk of banning kitchen knives in the uk . 
  no you do n't . 
  unless it was you and your mate , drunk at a bar , pulling facts out your arse and trying to justify prolific gun ownership in the usa . 
   all the points he covered in the video were about electronic voting his points apply to any computer based voting solution . 
  whether using a browser , or using a terminal at a polling station . 
  it makes no difference . 
  they all apply . 
  just watch the [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ) , maybe ? 
  debunks everything you 're saying , and the bloke is extremely knowledgeable when it comes to programming and computing in general . 
  voting is n't difficult in the majority of the eu . 
  here in the uk i can either do a postal vote , or on thursday the 7th of may i can go to a polling station from 7am to 10pm and vote . 
  in my area of 60,000 people there are 17 polling stations . 
  my nearest one is a 3 minute walk from my home . 
  i just checked and it seems you 're no more than a 10 minute walk from any polling station in my area . 
  so once every 5 years , you either have to post a letter or walk 10 minutes . 
  sorry , that 's not difficult by any standard . 
  difficult is having an e-voting system without corruption , as explained in the above video . 
  and i fear our elected officials much more than any current royal . 
  i quite like that the queen technically has the ability to oust any government she wants whenever she wants . 
  if they ever did something that was clearly against the common good , then she could dismiss the government and call an election . 
  it happened in australia in 1975 , and even after it happened they did n't remove that power from the governor general . 
  we could never get into a putin style situation here in the uk . 
  but william and kate are well loved . 
  so as soon as charles dies we 'll see new support . 
  forever .
