  swings and roundabouts , really . 
  if / r/thegreatwarchannel has taught me one thing it 's that austria-hungry 's army had borderline retards in charge . 
  bloody refugees . 
  when will sweden say enough is enough ? 
  yeah , and then ww2 happened . 
  the nazis were comic book evil . . 
  standing up against them is truly something to be proud of . 
  going to war with the french and spanish in a geopolitical pissing match ca n't really compare . 
  churchill was a truly superb writer . 
  well deserving of his nobel prize in literature . 
  first thing that came to mind . 
  absolutely hilarious . 
  we had this article yesterday . . 
   who is this  they ? 
  those who have been alerted to this subs existence via the multiple submissions this subreddit got to meta subs during the immigration megathread bullcrap . 
   this also counts as mistakes , but it 's also embarrassing because we ran the biggest empire in the world and owned the largest amount of land ever in human civilisation history and we threw it away making the same mistakes over and over again . 
  that said , we got the high score and literally no one is ever going to break it . 
  he was n't making the case for invasion . 
  he was just pointing out that the plan was so fucking crazy they actually called it ` operation unthinkable ' . . 
  presumably ` operation suicide ' was taken by hitler a few months earlier . 
  yeah , but you know when you throw a bit of dirt on the casket ? 
  yeah , that 's what hong kong was . 
  unfortunately he was known for talking in innuendos and all he could get out of the higher ups was ` oh matron ! ', 
  no matter how hard he stressed the issue . 
  was pretty cool when de gaulle came back and beheaded everyone though . 
  and when proper france was being lame as fuck he went off and created a new france , with blackjack and hookers . 
  totally crushing on the syrian girl at 0:39 . . 
  no one gave great britain the fucking memo . . 
  i 've seen some that show legal migration to the uk has been a net gain in terms of tax receipts . 
  illegal immigration though ? 
  i ca n't see how there 's any positives that can come from it . 
  / r/askhistorians strict moderating is incredibly easy . 
  is the post about history , and does it have sufficient sources ? 
  yes ? 
  let it stay . 
  things are nowhere near that simple on a sub which essentially has the theme of ` european people saying stuff ' . . how do you police that strictly without enforcing your own views on other people ? 
  haha , yeah . 
  i have css off by default . 
  i ask myself that question every day . 
  why do we continue to allow ireland to be independent :p, 
  these are great . 
  particularly like the confusion about spain not just annexing portugal . 
  i believe so , yeah . 
  you can only remove the downvote button via css , which can be disabled . 
  any genuinely organized brigade would start with ` everyone turn of css ' ... 
  so it 's pointless . 
  i 'm not convinced there 's an organized brigade happening on this sub . 
  the mods just painted a target on our backs with the megathread rubbish . 
  we got linked to on a bunch of meta subs , and sjw subs , subreddit drama , etc. 
  our profile was raised , but to all the wrong people . 
  those people are now posting and upvoting/downvoting , but whether they actually stay on here is another matter . 
  also , there 's no denying it . 
  europe ( the continent ) is growing weary of immigration , and the polls are showing that pretty conclusively . 
  as are the elections in various countries . 
  3 million brits voted for ukip . . / r/europe is a default for anyone in a european country ( minus uk and russia ) , so the prevailing attitudes of europe will carry over to / r/europe . 
  you can only read english and your own language , so you only really read our tabloid shite and your own tabloid shite . 
   this . 
  sadly over the last year i 've noticed a real shift towards all pro-immigration comments being downvoted . . 
  if the polls are to be believed , the whole of europe ( the place , not the subreddit ) has become less welcoming of immigration in the past year . 
  surely this is just an accurate reflection of that . 
  it 's the mods fault in the first place . 
  it was never this bad before . . by banning talk of immigration they painted a big target on the subreddits back . 
  i think if we just put up with it for a week or two more they 'll get bored . 
  they 're just excited they can post again . 
  lol , and people want that in london . . 
  yeah , none of that excuses you though . 
  ` oh , we only invaded for favours . . ', 
  i think it will calm down over time . 
  the people who were pissed off by the megathread are just venting . 
  but yeah , there 's been a huge influx of racists . 
  probably because the megathread shit painted a target on our backs . 
  it was never this bad before . 
  eh , to be honest i ca n't be bothered to argue this all again in detail . 
  this is all stuff i dug up around the referendum and argued to death . 
  the referendum was lost , and i 'm well and truly bored of the whole issue . 
  maybe someone else will come along who still has the patience left to argue the snp 's ridiculous whitepaper . 
  much less wrong , and there was less riding on the figures being right . 
   so does that mean , since oil is unlikely to go back over $ 100 pb , english tax payers are footing the bill ? 
  yes , as has been the norm for most of scotlands recent history . 
  the snps ` we pay our own way ' figures are cherry picked from the few years ( a set of three , iirc ) where oil was trading unusually high . 
  the oil predictions were absurdly optimistic . 
  pie in the sky , even . 
  everyone but the snp and their followers laughed at the figures when they were released . 
  it was propaganda . 
  pure and simple . 
  if that 's the criteria , then add poland to your list . 
  hide the thread , and move on . 
  either it 'll calm down , or it wo n't . 
  if it does n't then it 's clearly something the community cares about enough to have multiple threads on . 
  who are you or i to make demands ? 
  if the community is genuinely upset at the amount of immigration threads on the front page they would n't be there . 
  no small sub brigades ( is there even any proof of organized brigades ? ), 
  can really have an impact on a ~ 400k subscriber subreddit . 
  hang out on / r/new and downvote immigration threads if you want . 
  that 'll give you the best chance of stopping them getting to the front page . 
  people are venting after not being able to post any for a few weeks . 
  give it another few weeks and they 'll settle down . 
  until then , downvote and hide if it upsets you . 
  just today angela merkel said that illegal immigration is going to be the biggest issue europe faces this year . 
  bigger even than greece .
