  not being funny but ... 
  put bigger locks on the doors ? 
  would n't have expected germany to be higher than us . 
  14.4 % seems way too low for the uk , imo . 
  lol . 
  they 're a meme party . 
  trying to read private eye is pretty difficult . 
  full of inside jokes . 
  charlie hebdo is a bit shit really , is n't it ? 
   surely providing policemen lol , foreign police in their country ? 
  talk about an impossible sell . 
  exactly , so i 'm not sure why everyone 's losing their shit over something we know nothing about . 
  complain if there 's something actually worth complaining about . 
  yeah , i meant all other costs covered . 
  we 'll only know when it gets put to a vote . 
  it might not be as bad as everyone is making out . . 
  i tend to think our collective politicians are n't so dumb as to allow everything people think ttip will include . 
  we can get it shorter . 
  from limited googling , 150m would be ~ 4 times your current government spending . 
  seems significant to me . 
  and the shetlands are part of the eu , which is where the problems arise . 
  i guess an african island does make most sense . 
  out of interest , if we gave you guys on the faroe islands 150m euros a year do you reckon your government/population would mind us keeping a detention centre on your island to process these asylum seekers ? 
  maybe we could strike a deal with greenland or the faroe islands ? 
  they 're not eu members , and they 're cold enough to make africans seriously consider if it 's worth staying . . 
  if the eu chucks them a 150m euros in rent for a detention centre i 'm sure they 'd be tempted . 
  from what i can tell , that 's roughly 5 times their current government spending . 
  they could do a lot with that extra money . 
   there 's no immigrants trying to get into france on the british side , so it 's not exactly a `` symmetrical setup '' anymore . 
  are you trying to downplay the icelandic threat !, 
   modern humans and neanderthals interbred in europe just go to an asda on a saturday morning and you can prove that statement true . 
  haha , u wot ? 
  do n't celebrate name days in the uk . 
  first they 're told europe is paradise on earth , but then they get through a few continental european countries and realise : 1 ) it 's hard to find work as an illegal 2 ) everything is expensive as fuck 3 ) no one wants them there so with their dream crushed , the dream must live on in another form . 
  so they focus all that hope and desperation for a promised land across * another * sea . 
  i say we start spreading rumors that iceland is the absolute tits , then let them cross into the uk . 
  soon enough they 'll be icelands problem . 
  then iceland just has to start a rumour that greenland is the bees knees and we 'll have finally solved this . 
  the immigrants can have their own country in the form of greenland . 
  i was wondering , could n't the uk set up a defacto border by telling train/ferry companies that for each illegal immigrant that makes it to british shores they 'd be fined # 50,000 ? 
  then the ferry and train companies would have to set something up . 
  yep . 
  we also measure fuel in litres but fuel efficiency in miles per gallon . 
  there 's no sense behind some of the stuff we do . 
  we just do it because that 's how we 've always done it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juxtaposed_controls as you can see , the situation is complicated . 
  essentially , we 've extended our boarder into france . 
  this means that we can go ` non ' when they ask to pass and they remain frances problem . 
  if they were to tear up that treaty we could n't stop them just letting anyone on the boats/euro-tunnel that buys a ticket . 
  our boarder would be in dover . 
  so they 'd make it to the uk and then regardless of if we let them in or not , they 're then our problem . 
  obviously france should be doing more to keep them out of france in the first place , but it 's certainly not as simple as it being all their fault . 
  if our boarders worked like most other countries boarders then the majority of the illegal immigrants in calais would n't be there . 
  they 'd all be over here instead . 
  we should be sending many millions of euros to help fund calais police , imo . 
  we should do absolutely everything in our power to : 1 ) make sure that treaty remains in place . 
  2 ) clear up calais . 
  4.5 odds . 
  how long until they use my old homework trick of opening up a word document in notepad , deleting a load of shit , then trying to open it in class only to say ` oh , looks like it 's corrupted miss !, 
  i did do it , i swear . . ', 
  jeez , they 're unionizing now ? 
  when do they go on strike ? 
   russians : rude , think they can flash a 500 $ to get what they want . 
  that 'd work 9 times out of 10 on me . 
  foreigners ca n't be trusted !, 
  what 's wrong with you people ?!, 
  takes me about 40 minutes to go from sleep to out the house . 
  erm , i 'm a brit and learning about the holocaust was still important . 
  it 's not only important for germans . 
  the lessons learned during the 1930 's and 1940 's are for everyone . 
  we solved this issue by putting ` keep right ' signs up . 
  silently ? 
  i saw a man in london just barge straight through two women who were walking slowly side by side on a foot bridge . 
  if you 're slow , and you 're travelling on foot in london ... keep right everywhere . 
  there 's fast and slow lanes everywhere . 
  i think it 's likely it 'll reach a natural equilibrium at some point . 
  lets hope it 's a sustainable one . 
  ugh , you 've really changed germany !, 
  instead of a full moon , it 's the orange glow of an easyjet cabin that sets us off . 
  til i am german . 
  but seriously , i 'd say i 'm on time to the minute about 9 times out of 10 if i agree to meet at a certain time . 
  late people fucking infuriate me . 
  oh , and that one time i 'm late ? 
  i phone ahead 15 minutes before the scheduled time to warn them i 'll be a bit late . 
  because i 'm not an inconsiderate bellend . 
  fucking late people . 
  leave the house earlier . 
  if you know you 're almost always 30 minutes late to everything , then you know to leave the house 30 minutes earlier . 
  christ . 
  i 'm getting worked up just thinking about it . 
  i give different times to different friends now . 
  for friends that are habitually late , i give them a time that is 15-30 minutes before the actual time . 
  for reference , the state pension in the uk is ~ # 505 per month otherwise known as 706 euros . 
  fucking cop out , lad . 
   i agree that this will not equally disperse the stress of the migrants over the eu , but we have money for that . 
  money is n't a magical cure to everything . 
  there 's social impact to consider , and that 's not easily overcome . 
  if hull gets 20,000 refugees , for example , it 'd entire change the community in hull . 
  then you add in refugees getting huge amounts of money thrown at them and you breed contempt . 
  basically what you want to do is create a privileged class of refugees .
