   it would be cool if it works , but reusable rockets like the one being designed at spacex are probably the way to go in the future . 
  maybe so , but history is full of people doing the impossible . 
  plus the prospect of flying into space like you would in a plane is just too cool not to fund . 
  it 's the classical sci-fi method of launch . 
  sainsburys is king , though . 
  saying that , i 've not tried waitrose . 
  and i 'm assming m&s 's do n't count because i 'm not a damn king . 
  the sainsburys one is decent if you go for the ` posh ' sandwiches that come in a bag . 
  certainly no worse than a sandwich i 'd make myself . 
   why a foreign country should cover your losses is beyond me ? 
  because if the regulatory environment is lax enough that banks can misadvertise that badly , then the government is at fault . 
  this was the statement released by icesave about 6 months before they crash and burned . 
   icelandic banks pay into a fund which is set aside to be paid out for compensation should it be needed -- the uk scheme does n't have this and could therefore technically take longer than the icelandic scheme !, 
   all talk of compensation schemes is purely hypothetical because they have never been used , but given the above , there is no reason to assume that the icelandic scheme would be any more complicated or take longer . 
   in the extremely unlikely event that the icelandic government was n't in a position to meet all claims , all the nordic countries have an arrangement where they will step in and help any one of the participating countries that are in trouble so there is an additional layer of reassurance and cover . 
   if you could make it clear that icesave customers are fully protected up to # 35k the same as customers of any uk bank and that they will be paid as quickly i 'd be very grateful ! '' and was something [ i read before depositing money there ] ( http://blog.moneysavingexpert.com/2008/04/01/icesave-how-safe-are-your-savings-facts-and-myths/ ) . . due diligence is no good if they 're lying to your face . 
  they said that if the scheme could n't pay out , then the icelandic government would . 
  and if the icleandic government could n't , then other nordic countries would pay out . . that 's a lot of bullshit to be told . 
   the government of iceland was cooperative , the uk just refused to negotiate a reasonable payment scheme . 
  if iceland had protected deposits from # 0-12 ,500 i doubt our government would have kicked up much of a fuss . 
  iceland not honouring that ( even going to far as to go to court about it ) is the reason our government went full on ` fuck this shit . 
  gib money , terrorists ! ', 
  mode . 
  they 'd felt ( and i agree ) that british depositors were mislead about the ability of the passport deposit protection scheme in place . 
  if i 'd known there was only # 90m in the scheme , i 'd have stayed clear . 
  our government was heavy handed , but it 's not like the icelandic government is blameless . 
  bigger ships are slower to steer . 
  if there was a referendum tomorrow here to vote for if we all wanted our mortgage debt written off , how do you think people would vote ? 
  a referendum does n't mean it 's inherently fair . 
  to be fair , icesave deposits were meant to be covered from # 0-12 ,500 by the icelandic governments deposit protection scheme and then from # 12,501-35 ,000 by the uk 's . 
  the icelandic government gave us a guarantee , and then they tried to welch on it . 
  this is why i think us leaving would be a much bigger deal than people on here like to make out . 
  it could have a domino effect , and fuel euroskeptism as power is consolidated to just two countries . 
   sweden is a plausible country to speak up for non-eurozone countries interests i feel like denmark are vastly more likely to take that role . 
  sweden taking a leading role in , well , anything ? 
  seems unlikely . 
  none . 
  the eu will just then have `` two main eu powers '' . . 
  if there 's not four now , there wo n't be three if we leave . 
  and a chinese work day . 
  you 're not very good at this whole redditing thing . 
  er , yes you are ? 
  no one else here mentioned them . 
  why is no one mentioning that fucking monster unibrow ? 
   victorian levels yeah . 
  literally work houses here in the uk , and i 've had to send my kids up the chimneys . . 
   yeah , but it is based on the uk economy , not an european one . 
  thank goodness for that !, 
  the eu ca n't do internet laws worth a fucking damn . 
  first the annoying and incredibly pointless cookie warning shite , and now this . 
   because the government has forced an isp to spend development and maintenance dollars to build a draconian filtering system that nope . 
  all the companies already had these filters as ` opt in ' features of their service . 
  how many times do i have to say that it 's not law ? 
  there is no legislation in regards to internet filters . 
  is it even a law ? 
  i think the phone companies are just being more cautious , because anyone can get a pay as you go sim card and get on the internet . 
  i 'm think they just had a * lot * of complaints from customers , and responded to that . 
   and if you chose to disable them it likely meant you got put on some gchq list , which was probably their intended purpose from the start . 
  stop talking shit . 
  daily mail ran a campaign . 
  the daily mail reading public became outraged about porn . 
  cameron reacted . 
  and , more accurately , because you clicked a button when asked . 
  we truly are living in an orwellian nightmare . 
  forced to click a button . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  next we 'll be forced to click two buttons . 
  okay , so you pressed the correct button okay ? 
  you pressed the button , and then got unfiltered internet ? 
  is that correct ? 
  regardless of what the article says , the government did n't set up the parental filters . 
  all four of the isp 's that have these filters had them before david cameron was even pm . 
  the only difference is that they 're now ` opt-out ' , in that you get asked if you want to be in or not rather than having to explicitly ask to be in . 
  and no law was made . 
  it was essentially a request to those 4 big isp 's . 
  so i guess i 'll go back to your original statement :  it is wrong for the government to tell me what i can or ca n't do in my bedroom . 
  when are they doing that ? 
  how is clicking ' i do not want parental controls ' telling you what you can or ca n't do in your bedroom ? 
  but the british government did n't set up an internet filter . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  just another reason to leave sky , to be honest . 
  it 's entirely their prerogative that they implemented it in such a stupid manner . 
  show them your disapproval with your wallet . 
  which did you click ? 
  solution , do n't use sky broadband due to their shitty filter implementation . 
  [ seems that they 've corrected it , btw . 
  ] ( http://help.sky.com/articles/sky-broadband-shield-explained ), 
  that 's what you replied to ? 
  but that was an absurd example he was using to make his wider point that we have controls in place in the real world , why ca n't we have them in cyber space too . 
  how does the government have the data when , as said above , there 's no law mandating these filters and there 's no government oversight . 
  they 're all run independently by the isp 's . 
  now that the eu has passed this net neutrality law , and effectively banned this lax as fuck implementation that was only meant to appease the mumsnet voters , they 'll likely be forced ( to keep those voters appeased ) to create some legislation that might genuinely give them a centrally controlled by the government opt-out filter . 
   it is wrong for the government to tell me what i can or ca n't do in my bedroom . 
  wait , when are they doing that ? 
  i do n't really understand your argument . 
  you 're saying that parents should be monitoring their kids internet usage , but at the same time they ca n't use technology to assist in that ? 
  am i interpreting your position correctly ? 
  okay , what is the entire issue then ? 
  seriously , why are you even replying when you 're insistent on being so obtuse ? 
  what are you adding to the conversation other than a bit of mystique .
