  it 's only a sector worth ~ # 116bn ( 2011 ) . . 
  it 's quite important , but it 's not such a large part of our economy to be dangerous . 
  sub 10 % . 
  the ` poor ' did n't help themselves at all during the thatcher years . 
  thatcher was open to modernization of most industries that ended up dying , but the unions were n't because it 'd mean lost jobs . 
  so she said fine , and removed government subsidies . 
  the workers stepped up onto the stool , the unions tied the noose around the workers necks , and thatcher kicked out the stool . 
  three groups of people who were unwavering to a fault . 
  unfortunately for the workers and the union leaders , thatcher held all the cards . 
  she never really killed any industries anyway . 
  just like a doctor removing a brain dead persons life support is n't killing them . 
  they were dead long before . 
  they were being artificially kept alive . 
  they burned them alive ?!, 
  that 's really really fucked up . 
  i 'm pretty convinced that cheddar is the most versatile cheese . 
  there should be one of those silly websites . . something like www.isitthatchersfault.com and it should just say ` yes ' all the time . 
  thatcher hate is pretty ridiculous , imo . 
   i 've always heard it said that thatcher 's policies where painful but necessary . 
  so why is she so devisive ? 
  she 's divisive because her reforms were painful . 
  the minority who felt the pain of the reforms have hated her ever since , and that hate has been inherited by their children . 
  its basically a bunch of bitter people who hold onto the delusion that there was any other way out of the mess we were in during the 60 's / 70 's . 
  a gaggle of captain hindsights . 
  thatcher did what needed to be done . 
   note i said she started the process not that she caused the crash . 
  well i blame the fish crawling out of the water a billion years ago for the current mess we 're in . 
  anyway , equality means nothing if you 're just dragging everyone down to a certain level like labour were in the 60 's . 
  a country where everyone is poor and earns # 50 a week is theoretically the most equal country ever . . 
  but it 's still an absolute shitehole to live in . 
  i 'm not convinced equality even matters . 
  as long as the vast majority of people are doing okay , what does it matter if there 's 1 % of people doing really okay ? 
   that women started the deregulation and changes in tax policy that led to the 2009 crisis and the fact we 're the most unequal country in western europe i 'd love to see you justify both those claims . 
  particularly the first one . 
  short term pain for long term ~ ~ pain ~ ~ gain . 
  you ca n't progress as a society without stepping on toes . 
  it 's simply not possible . 
  what 's being highlighted on that map ? 
  there 's no legend . 
  this fish is raaaaaawwwwww, 
  can you explain it a bit to me ? 
  farmers have it pretty shit in all of western europe . 
   the euro is a success . 
  france needs its own thatcher , to be honest . 
  someone who 'll just take all the strikes on the chin and not back down . 
  at the end of the day , there 's a common market . 
  if french farmers are going to strike , then just buy from elsewhere until they 're sick of having no money . 
  [ they 're currently building this in brighton . . ] ( http://www.westpier.co.uk/wp-content/gallery/i360/i360_3.jpg ) literally looks like a giant dildo with cock ring . 
  brighton is ugly from above too . 
  just a bunch of poorly maintained roofs . 
  do they get jail for all this vandalism ? 
  what happened to the taxi driver who threw a cinder block onto an uber car from the bridge ? 
  ca n't find anything on google , and i do n't speak french so i 'm unlikely to find anything other than the video which was widely reported about in english . 
  in the video you get a pretty clear view of the guy doing it . 
  seriously , what 's wrong with the french ? 
  you 'd honestly never see this kind of shit in the uk , nor most other large european countries . 
  at worst they 'd do a road block or something . 
  the french workers seem to think it 's perfectly fine to just fuck shit up every time things do n't go their way . 
  want us to work 31 hours instead of 30 ? 
  jean , fetch me my petrol can . 
  pierre , find me the nearest citroen , i 've got a point to make !, 
  turkey will never be an eu member . 
   neo-nazis are against europe , they just happen to hate russia more . 
  a long held nazi tradition . 
  regardless , getting pepper sprayed is worse than anything that happened in the moscow video . 
  well until about 10 seconds ago i 've always felt it should be called the 18th century , because it 's 18 whole centuries and then a bit . 
  but then i thought about if i was eating ice cream and i 'd had 18 ice creams , then i was eating another . 
  if someone came up to me and said ` you fat shit . 
  what number ice cream is that ? 
  ' , i 'd say it 's my 19th . 
  that 's been an issue of contention inside my head for 26 years . 
   near the end of the story the mayor of new york city is made to share gracie mansion with three families from harlem , the queen of the united kingdom must agree to have her son marry a pakistani woman , and only one drunken soviet soldier stands in the way of thousands of chinese people as they swarm into siberia . 
  the one holdout until the end of the novel is switzerland , but by then international pressure isolating it as a rogue state for not opening its borders forces it to capitulate . 
  lmao . 
  bants . 
  taste ? 
  ability . 
  [ we lost three fish based wars to the bastards !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cod_wars ) it 's payback time !, 
  i still do n't get why its like that . . 
  the special relationship has been dead since suez in 1956 . 
  since then it 's been incredibly one sided in favour of the usa . 
  they used all their money up on the mediterranean voyage . 
  and a french smuggler is going to want a shit ton more money than an african smuggler . 
  the risks are much higher for a european smuggler as there 's a much clearer and well defined legal framework that can be used to prosecute . 
  got to mainland europe after being told mainland europe was the promised land . 
  no one in the promised land likes them . 
  people are n't fighting to give them jobs , a house and a car . 
  in fact , they 're fucking homeless and everything is 100 times more expensive . 
  and it 's cold . 
  ` pst . . 
  there 's * another * promised land . 
  it 's called the uk and it 's just across a bit more sea ! ', 
  i still think we just need to aggressively start the rumour that icelands roads are paved with gold and they 'll just bypass us completely . 
   either of those would prevent migrants getting blocked up in calais . 
  er , being outside of the eu would n't stop migrants filling up calais trying to get in . 
  they 're not going to give up . . what they 're attempting is illegal anyway . 
  we gave them # 12m this time last year . 
  we 've given them a huge fuck off fence . 
  would n't call that ` not a penny ' . .
