  i have literally no idea what you 're trying to say , and it 's probably my most frequented subreddit . 
  well if you 're simplifying ww2 down to a ` proxy war ' like the guy above , then you ca n't really say it ended in 1945 . 
  it kept going until 1991 . 
   we do n't see it much from the perspective of a proxy war between fascists and communists which we would probably have been better off staying out of . 
  that is another valid opinion as far as i 'm concerned . 
  ridiculous . 
  you ca n't just remove the fact that capitalists were involved in the war too . . 
  if you want to go down a rather silly line of reasoning that it was a ` proxy war ' ( silly use of the term too ) then you 'll have to admit it was a proxy war between fascists , communists and capitalists . 
  and that the capitalists won . 
  ridiculous revisionism , though . 
   you need her birth cert , marriage cert and death cert ( if applicable ) . 
  then your parents ( her son or daughter ) birth and marriage cert along with your own birth cert . 
  right , well that 's that idea out the window . 
  have literally none of that with no way of getting it . 
  i 'll be getting one just in case . 
  assuming my ni gran qualifies me for citizenship . 
  i think she does . 
  wish we 'd do the same to be honest . 
  let me tell you a little something about british summer . . 
  seems if anyone is going to be the prime suspect for defacing the art , it 'd probably be that guy . 
  i picked denmark every time . 
  france spain austria gibraltar hungary netherlands not much of a traveller . 
  i 've never even been to ireland , wales or scotland haha . 
  asking our government to implement an it system of any kind ? 
  good laff . 
  british summers are extreme !, 
  i really do n't think we have much in common with canada , really . 
  sports , politics , etc. 
  very different . 
  honestly , whenever i speak to an american irl i soon realise how different we are as nations and cultures . 
  it 's quite surprising given the common language . 
  on reddit it 's not so bad , as reddit is more left leaning . 
  but even the reddit american population holds some pretty right wing views . 
  i could n't live somewhere without proper seasons . 
  even if they 're extreme , it 's much needed . 
  you wish it was ireland , but deep down you know it 's england . 
  no one hates the english more than the english . 
  ireland , then probably germany . 
  i 'm presuming you meant european countries given the subreddit . 
  otherwise australia would rank before germany . 
  fun fact lifted from the / r/unitedkingdom thread on this :  only two countries in the world base their immigration and emigration estimates entirely on counting . 
  one is australia , which is a good example . 
  a less encouraging example is north korea . 
  however , every other country in the world bases its migration flow estimates on samples , measuring and estimating or a population register . 
  germany , for example , keeps an up-to-date population register -- the equivalent of a census kept constantly up to date -- to monitor its migration flows . 
   we are in a no man 's land at the moment . 
  we neither count effectively nor sample effectively , and even though we have the decennial census , which has provided the correction of 346,000 , that does not resolve the problem between censuses . 
  the underestimation of net migration was identified only by the census on a 10-yearly basis , so the ons is unable to revise its annual estimates of immigration and emigration as components of migration during the same period , even though it knows that they must be wrong . 
  as a result , for the years from 2001 to 2011 , our best estimate of net migration each year is not equal to our best estimate of immigration minus our best estimate of emigration . 
  we are into an alice in wonderland world of numbers in which we know that our official figures for each year are wrong , but they can not be changed , as we have no other sources to use . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theyworkforyou.com/whall/?id=2014-06-26a.129.0 ) basically , our stats are shit and we 'll only really find out our correct immigration statistics in 2021 . 
  yeah , blow it up with a fucking grenade instead !, 
  ha , that was her ? 
  she fucked with that guys life big time . 
  he became neckbeard jesus for a bit . 
  reddit is based entirely on majorities . 
  nothing can get upvoted or downvoted without the majority agreeing or disagreeing . . 
   they are currently in the process of implementing marxist utopia , where the evil white swedish men are the enemy , and the poor `` migrants '' are enriching their culture by taking slowly taking over the cities in which they concentrate . 
  you do n't help your argument by going off the deep end . . 
  shit goes on everywhere . 
  got to say , though . . that 's pretty blatant and i 'm from the nation that created jimmy savile !, 
  would probably be best spent by just straight up giving 5,000 euros to each one of them if they let us put them on a plane back to their home country . 
   the uk will get the most money , 370 million . 
  lmao , how the fuck did we swing that ? 
  operation ` make europe hate us ' is going swimmingly . 
  i thought germany does n't ask it for , er , historical reasons . 
  lol , is he short sighted too ? 
  lol @ this patent . . means nothing . 
  about that , yeah . 
  love the show , and i 've been listening since the beginning . 
  story of my life !, 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  it would n't be hard to set up a submission that mods edit when they ban someone that states why and how long for . 
  i strongly believe that modding should be out in the open . 
  i was using that modding technique on forums 10 years ago . 
  no reason it ca n't be used on reddit today . 
  can sum this article up in one sentence : omnimulticulturalism is shit and dangerous . 
  presumably they also buy training . 
  that 's usually how these deals go down . 
  [ just say no ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2nq8dzytoe ), 
  lmao . 
  nice try , entrepreneur . 
  lol . 
  all i know is this sub is going to be hilarious when the referendum campaign starts . 
  this is what bothers me the most . 
  they use an account all mods can access , and not a single one is bothering . 
  it 's clear that this is n't really an attempt to have a megathread . 
  it 's just containment for a talking point they want silenced . 
   at one time literally 60 % of the frontpage was about immigration threads . 
  i come here often and i do n't think that 's ever been true . 
   the ban was then lifted after 1 day with no explanation given to me as to why the ban was lifted had this on friday . 
  no explanation for the ban , no explanation for the unban . 
  [ check it . . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/loateiu.png ) none of the mods can be held accountable . 
  it should be required that you get a reason and the name of the mod who banned you . 
   it 's really a pity you kind of petered out after the industrial revolution . 
  i do n't think that 's true at all . 
  everyone just kind of caught up . 
  there 's plenty of things you use every day that were invented in the uk in the past few decades . 
  sorry , i meant kidney . 
  they 're both completely gross tasting , imo .
