   but why expect to be given all these while doing less for it than everyone else ? 
  we 're the second biggest net contributor to the eu budget . . hardly ` doing less than everyone else ' . . 
  swedish ? 
  western european ? 
  u wot m8 ? 
  i imagine the vast majority of actual europe do n't give a damn either way . 
  nato is more important than the eu in that respect . 
  the eu is completely impotent when it comes to russia . 
   what you can not deny though is that there is an extremely strong misinformation of what eu actually in britain . 
  rarely a person knows what are the powers of the eu , how much britain pays for it , even what are the eu 's institutions and what they actually do . 
  surely that 's a failure of the eu . 
  still does n't explain why you mentioned the euro . 
  does intent matter ? 
  ah , the glorious pitcairn islands . 
  seemingly the only place with more paedos than the mainland !, 
  just like everyone was saying they 'd show braveheart the night of the scottish referendum ? 
  leave the eu , and funnel that # 10bn straight into scientific r&d . if the government said that was their plan , then i 'd vote to leave in a heartbeat . 
  that 'd be the most hilarious parting gift ever . 
   `` no free movement for new eu states until their economies develop '' yeah let 's make the eu club for the rich . 
  i honestly think this would greatly benefit those countries . 
  brain drain is a real thing . 
   brits can get back to dreaming of an empire . 
  why is this attitude to prevalent on here ? 
  if we were really dreaming of empire we 'd be trying to get more involved in the eu , not less . 
  it 's a completely baseless accusation . 
  i 'm completely on the fence . 
  i do n't care if we vote in or out , really . 
  but i ca n't bloody wait for the reddit threads . 
  so much salt . 
  \\ - / r/europe, 
  the salt in this thread is palatable . 
  if cameron somehow pulls this off and gets the concessions , the corresponding thread on here will be hilarious . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  tony blairs popularity dropped off a cliff quite quickly though . 
  when he 'd been in power as long as merkel he was at about 30 % . 
  a leader with 75 % approval blows my mind . 
  that does n't really happen over here . 
   would make the competitions more about chemistry than athletics . 
  has been for a long time . 
  now it 's the person who best hides their ped usage , and has a genetic gift for their sport , wins . 
  legalizing peds would n't make it all about the chemicals . 
  regardless of how many peds i took , i could never run as fast as usain bolt . 
  there 'll still be a genetic and talent aspect . 
  almost everyone in the olympics takes peds . 
  you think [ this olympian is natty ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tdzfv.jpg ) lol , i got a bridge to sell you . 
  you reckon [ this olympian has never taken steroids ? 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02294/greipel-and-forste_2294083b.jpg ) i 've got a timeshare offer i think you should hear about . 
  they 're all on them to some extent . 
  some are more obvious than others , mind . 
  we need to just give up on drug testing all together . 
  why do n't we attempt to just create the greatest human beings ever , via any means possible ? 
  i want to see a steroids olympics where anything goes . 
  fuck usain bolts 9.58 , i want to watch a roided out beast run an 8.98 . . 
  yeah , that 's why it 's good for us . 
  holy shit , is it really that much ? 
  i thought we spent about # 3bn on the eu . 
  a 51 % in , 49 % out would be the ideal result for us i reckon . 
  close enough that we can have another go in 10 years time if nothing changes . 
  a vengeful and spiteful eu is n't an eu i want to be a member of . 
  also , [ one third of mep 's are classed as euroskeptic ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-28107633 ) . . that 's a pretty large block that will vote in favour of us joining the free trade area because us prospering outside of the eu is advantageous to them . 
  in what world is the 5th largest economy on earth , ` mid sized ' ? 
  lmao , russia manages to get 11,000 back and we 're struggling with 2,000 . . 
  yep . 
  riverdance is actually fun to watch and listen to . 
  i do n't think you 'll find another traditional dance that packs out stadiums outside of its country . 
  how has this tradition survived ? 
  englands entry would be morris dancers . . 
  so we 've lost bit time . 
  irish riverdance clearly wins , because it 's hugely popular around the world . 
  thinking is haram . 
  it 's a product of the high wages in the premier league . 
  you 're paid more in england to sit on the bench and not play than to actually play in most foreign leagues . 
  also , we 're not great at learning languages as a country in general so that also stops players moving abroad to improve their game . 
  not really . 
  we just import talent from all around the world , and give them giant wages . 
  we 're bad at nurturing native talent , and that 's why our national team does badly . 
   black-out drunk is terrifying , since you no longer know what 's happening to you , while you 're thinking poorly and moving poorly . 
  it 's just begging to get hurt , not to mention the liver damage if you keep doing that . 
  as someone who only gets black out drunk , that 's not how being black out drunk works . 
  while black out drunk , you function normally for the most part . 
  your brain just stops committing events to memory . 
  i 'll regularly wake up with no recollection of the night before , but when i ask my friends what i got up to they do n't remember me being especially drunk . 
  i just chatted , and acted generally normal , although obviously pissed though . 
  so yeah , they were n't similar size . 
  especially given that ireland had 40 % of the uk 's population . 
  source ? 
  that seems incredibly unlikely . 
  a lot of people coordinating an attack leaves a lot of people to leak that it 's going to happen . 
  a lot of red flags raised . 
  a lot of suspicious families . 
  a lot of internet/phone chatter . 
  stuff that would likely get picked up by security services quite quickly one way or another . 
  it 's no coincidence that only the lone gunman types really pull off successful but ultimately low scale attacks . 
  the groups of 5 + seem to always be in the news getting caught before anything happens . 
   id rather have trained marksmen that are easy to deploy . 
  you do n't train your armed police in marksmanship ? 
  you should probably sort that out for starters . 
  seems like a huge oversight not to train your armed police in pretty much the only skill they require . 
  bringing up charles de menezes is a pretty weak move .
