  but maybe that 's just me . . 
  pretty sick of the short sightedness of your argument . 
  it 's posted absolutely everywhere , and i hear it down the pub too . 
  it 's the conclusion you come to if you 've only done 5 seconds of thinking about the actual problem . 
  it 's * kind * of like germany joining in , if you think about it . 
  nigel farage championing europe . 
  well , that 's odd . 
  nigel really should look at a career in media rather than politics . 
  he 'd be a good talking head on some yank news show . 
  kinda like piers morgan but likeable . 
  [ my friends . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854xqcfcy ), 
  get bent france !, 
  i do n't know what that means . 
  it 's just getting worse . 
  in the 00 's we were fighting vague emotions like ` terror ' . . now we 're fighting verbs . 
  sweden , here i come !, 
  my brain defaulted to single mothers . 
  speed is n't a factor in most road accidents . 
  at least not in the uk . 
  it 's mostly a red herring . 
  welcome to the party . 
  we need cars . 
  we do n't much need terrorists . 
  danny boyle turned a really solid scifi film into a pretty shitty horror film . 
  really disappointing . 
  you seen the intouchables ? 
  one of my favourite french films , but i really have no idea if the acting was good because i do n't understand french . 
  it seemed good , and i loved the story . 
  they 're all great movies , apart from the last 25 or so minute of sunshine where it goes full retard . 
  i 've still not seen it fully . 
  it was pretty depressing and i do n't think i 've properly been in the mood for it when i 've attempted to watch it . 
  it 's pretty sad to see a country go backwards like this . . 
  haha , i predicted this top comment . 
  aka , i thought i was going to be witty and clever , but nothing i ever think up is original . 
  you mean four . 
  yeah , but it fucks people like me that do n't like credit cards . 
  credit cards are n't even * that * popular here . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that less than 50 % of the country have one . 
  this is the uk remember . . 
  there 's [ predators everywhere . 
  ] ( http://i3.dailyrecord.co.uk/incoming/article2472564.ece/alternates/s615b/jimmy-savile-photographed-in-2007.jpg ), 
  yeah , seriously . 
  2 weeks in some hot country and i ca n't wait to get home . . 
  hot weather is n't for me . 
  i like mild and dry . 
  do the us have a similar system as we have ( had ? ), 
  in the uk where if you generate solar energy you can sell it back to the grid at 3 times markup ? 
  that really boosted solar panel adoption . 
  south east england master race , haha . 
  just get in there with the slightly more daylight . 
   you do know that those porn filters were never even debated in parliament , right ? 
  of course not . 
  people on here have a high level cursory understanding of what goes on in this country . 
  kind of like how i ` know ' what 's going on in france . 
  i remember a few years ago o2 required me to either put in a credit card number , or take it into an o2 store ... 
  so fucking annoying , so i had to put up with parental restrictions . 
  i did n't have a credit card and could n't be bothered to visit an o2 store . 
  i had this on orange years before they kicked up a fuss . . 
  it 's been really common with phone internet for years . 
  i think it was on o2 as well . 
  they 're the only 2 i 've used . 
  most french thing ever . 
  so far uk is number 4 . 
  poland can into pie chart . 
   nothing to run home about . 
  top banter . 
  i 've used something identical though . 
  ca n't remember the name and did n't keep up with it . 
  keeping track of spending is * so * much easier with cash . 
  if i ever need to save money for any reason , i change to using only cash . 
  i have envelopes and i 'll get four of them and put some spending money in each one , then open one a week and only spend that . 
  when it 's gone , it 's gone . 
  so much easier to save . 
  russia , you are being weird again . 
  no , i 'm saying that surely no one made it to the point where they could lose their life savings to bitcoin and kill themselves because the world would have killed them long before that point for being so monumentally stupid . 
  those people did n't put their lives savings into it . 
  they just mined it when it was easy as piss to mine . 
  fair enough . 
  but some people do care , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  england leaving the uk now would be possibly the funniest thing ever . 
  [ this is worse . 
  ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1823286/thumbs/o-david-cameron-alex-salmond-face-swap-570.jpg?6 ), 
  i care . . 
  i was pretty torn up at the idea they 'd leave . 
  i see myself as british first and foremost . 
  you got ta be monumentally stupid to put your life savings into bitcoin . 
  as in walk-into-traffic-to-pick-up-a-penny stupid . 
  basically , anyone stupid enough to do that already died in childhood . 
   it makes a labour majority in westminster in 2015 look likely i honestly think we 'll see the con/dems in for another term . 
  i suspect we will be next since the scottish referendum is out of the way . . 
  the white paper was complete wank , or at least the bits i read were . 
  i got a # 25 free bet . . was going to put it on ` no ' but it 'd return # 1 . 
  [ a bit of scotland themed comedy from one of the uk 's best comedians . 
  some comic relief is probably needed !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tha1ufmlzqy ) it 's filmed in glasgow , btw . 
  do n't fucking jinx it you tit !, 
  not one actual area has submitted their results yet !, 
  part of me wants a yes vote because of the exciting politics that will happen for the next year and a bit . 
  but then the sensible part wants what 's best for the uk and scotland and i genuinely think we 're all better off inside the union . 
  i do n't think we 're a friendly partner to break up with .
