  the fuck , haha . 
  take it from a brit , it does n't come to nearly that much unless you 're watering your garden every day of the year or something equally as mad . . 
  this really does n't sound like all that awful and idea . 
  it 's better than literally every other plan . 
  does n't mean it 's perfect . 
  i feel like we 're going about it too slowly . 
  we should be going full steam ahead with nuclear fission , imo . 
  at least the tories are actually tackling the issue though instead of putting their fingers in their ears like labour . 
  if the tories put energy independence via nuclear power in their manifesto i 'd vote for them in a heartbeat . 
  energy independence , or rather lack of it , is going to be the single biggest issue of the next 100 years in most of the world . 
  they can give all the contracts to their bestest mates for all i care . 
  just get them fucking built !, 
  i did n't realise that the uk is a natural disaster hotspot and in the 1980 's . 
  he was pointing out the absurdity . 
  i feel like the whole ` relative ' poverty idea is a bit of a cop out . 
  we need a new word . 
  i do n't think we should be devaluing the impact of actual poverty . 
  what the hell is up with sweden ? 
  they hear about refuges and start popping boners left right and centre . 
  well it 's maybe better than nothing !, 
  apart from the op comment was clearly a joke . . 
   a fifth of german children are raised in poverty . 
  surely that 's not right . . 
  if i tell you to not touch a tree , and then every time you touch the tree i give you # 1m , how many times will you touch that tree ? 
  if i tell you not to touch that tree , and then every time you touch the tree i either do nothing or i shove a missile up your and your friends arses , how many time will you touch that tree ? 
  hope that helps . 
   however , government has no right to get in the way of friends or families wishing to pay the ransom themselves . 
  sure they do . 
  they ca n't just let citizens of their country fund terrorism in another . . 
  what do you mean ? 
  ouch , that bottle thrown in the first 5 seconds must have hurt . 
  i 'm so glad we have our moat . 
  he calls the uk ` england ' and it gets on my goat . 
  alright , so imagine the eurozone is a burger . 
  germany would be the bun , and they 'd be huge . 
  almost a loaf of bread in size . 
  france would be the burger . 
  just an average sized burger knocking about in an entirely too big bun . 
  italy would be the mustard . 
  enough to cover the whole burger easily . . then slovakia would be a single piece of diced onion , cyprus would be a small 0.393700787 inch squared piece of lettuce and slovenia would be 0.0351950652 fluid ounces of ketchup . 
  now , does that sound like the kind of burger you 'd want to eat ? 
  no , it 'd be unbalanced and awful . 
  the taste and texture of the bread would overpower everything else and your tastebuds would never even notice the ketchup and onion . 
  who would buy a burger that imbalanced , and likewise who would invest in a eurozone that 's so imbalanced ? 
  they 'll be plastic though , a nod to their oil economy . 
  cuntish attitude . 
  # 40k a year to stop the murder of more innocent iraqis and syrians is a small price to pay , imo . 
  what 's new ? 
  what , so they can do more damage ? 
  that 's why we invented the service sector . 
  i am absolutely fuming . 
  my point is , what 's the point ? 
  is there a single irish person in ireland that does n't know english ? 
  bring 'em back and lock them up . 
  at least then society is protected from their fuckwittery . 
  there should be a world cup that just cycles through all the countries that have the ability to host it . 
  you get put on the front of the list if you voluntarily bring your country up to scratch . . 
  they should have told them to get fucked years ago . 
  i want us to take either russias spot , or qatars . 
  i really do n't mind which . 
  a lot of the time people convert blank firers or replicas into working guns with predictably bad results . 
  iirc those guys that killed lee rigby had a converted blank firer and when they fired it at police it blew up in their hand . 
  then they got shot up , haha . 
  it 's hard to gauge if this is a good idea or not . 
  currently swift has a monopoly on the sector ... 
  if we start cutting people off then countries might look to set up their own systems , and in time we might be forced to use theirs for certain parts of the world and be at the mercy of them cutting * us * off . 
  higher gdp than russia with less than half the people , and our country is n't an authoritarian nightmare . 
  definitely won . 
  it was always an economic battle , even when the guns came out . 
  she thought we 'd forgotten because of all this isis crap going on . 
  but oh no . . we 're coming for you nessie . 
  we 're winning the cold war for the second time in a century . 
  champiooonnnsss . 
  they ca n't take the bantz bus to bantz town because the bantz bus drivers are striking . 
  [ the fishing lobby is an all powerful enterprise . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khyttoqcypg#t=239 ), 
  that map that was on here the other day lied to me , dammit . 
  still champions at not being french , though . 
  trumped you on that one big time !, 
  if france would just stop dying already and just die we could move on !, 
  it 's been hundreds of years . 
  you 're boring us now , france . 
  i chuckled . 
   and yet it has a larger gdp than the uk . 
  psh , it 's cheating when you have more people . 
  by that metric the people in china have it better than the people in france . 
  clearly not the case . 
  alcohol stupidity combo mega mix . 
   before the germany and the uk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854xqcfcy#t=38, 
  i do n't know anything about cycling . . 
  i was lead to believe that the tour de france always takes place in , well , france . 
  i know it started here this year , but i thought proximity to france was pretty important . 
  i 'm surprised 100 % of people do n't hold that view . 
  it 's clearly the case at the moment . 
   `` their worst is our best . '', 
  ( referring to `` bad '' neighborhoods ) while not true , it is true that there 's literally nowhere anywhere near as bad as the us worst in the uk . 
  they only got half way through the question . 
   to be frank , the irish in the us had a very rough go of things for a long time and eventually thrived over here . 
  people are proud of where they came from and i guess think that , conversely , actual irish would be proud of the ancestors of their kin that have thrived . 
  who would be proud of an american ever ?
