  besides , how would it really have played out for poland had britain/france gone in guns blazing in the first few weeks of the war ? 
  even if we 'd defeated germany by striking hard and fast , we 'd still have had stalin to contend with after . . 
  the red army would have been relatively fresh ( minus winter war troops ) and british/french forces would have just expended a ton of men and equipment defeating the germans . 
  there 'd not have been any american backup either since there 'd be no hitler to declare war on the usa and bring them into the european fray . 
  poland was fucked regardless because it was hitler and stalins will to fuck poland . 
  maybe you should calm down because putin is never going to invade a nato country . 
  exactly . 
  it 's all very self centred of the polish , imo . 
  they want france to stop the sale of $ 3bn of ships to russia , but they 're not even willing to show solidarity with france and guarantee them the $ 6bn missile shield deal if they do . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  they 're asking for everything and giving nothing . 
  the fact they 're not promising that they 'll buy the french missiles makes it pretty damn obvious that they want to buy the us ones . 
  it 's almost always the militarily insignificant countries citizens who beat the war drum the loudest on here . 
  that 's an interesting take on history you 've got going there . . 
  i was actually referring to ww2 . 
  britain and france both declared war on germany after germany invaded poland . 
  he took a hard stance when asked about iran ... that was wrong , and that 's all i remember . 
  i 'm sure he was wrong a lot . 
  track record says yes . 
  france has way more assets in the region than the us does . 
  remember when tony blair was given the job of ` middle east peace envoy ' ? 
  yeah , this is a lot like that . 
  i bet she 'd take the bants bus to bantsville even though it 's only 300 meters down the road . 
  nah , that sounds hard . 
  it 's much easier to not practice what you preach . 
  just ask all politicians ever . 
  i 'd take the piss equally if it were a man . 
  i 'm an equal opportunity arsehole . 
  all fat bastards in the uk government get the piss taken out of them . 
  jeremy hunt does n't believe in the nhs ? 
  i 'd love to see you back that up . 
  not sure about the rest of the world , but here in the uk the calories are displayed both on the boxes the food comes in and next to the pictures on the menu in large chain fast food places . 
  it 's really not hard , and is not a valid excuse . 
  it takes effort to overeat . 
  i know it takes effort because i 'm doing it right now and it 's a fucking chore cramming 3200 calories down your throat every day . 
  the ` too busy ' excuse is fucking bunk . 
  i do n't buy it for a second . 
  are n't all governments nationalist by design ? 
   yes , it makes it harder to eat , so you 'll more quickly eat some fast junkfood . 
  regardless , junk food does n't magically make you fat . 
  you can [ lose weight eating twinkies for goodness sake . . ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2010/health/11/08/twinkie.diet.professor/ ) if you have to eat fast food , then just eat the amount you need . 
   but you ca n't overgeneralize every situation . 
  this is really a problem where i think you can . 
  hell , when i 'm cutting weight it only takes me 30 minutes to make all of my meals ( from scratch ) for the day . 
  they can all be done at once and then put into tupperware . 
  i do n't believe that there 's people that work so hard that they do n't have 30 minutes to prepare their meals . 
  i think there 's a nice middle ground between fitness trainer and obese person . 
  if she was genuinely eating a normal amount of calories for someone her height and gender she 'd be losing weight because of all that fat she 's lugging around . 
  she can cut on a normal womans maintenance diet . 
  at least we know she 's an apt liar . 
  she 'll probably make a fantastic politician . 
   so what , it 's laughable how the foreign media and other think of her . 
  yes she 's fat , yes she 's the example of how not to be . 
  she is a doctor , she is experienced in the medical industry in belgium and how medical services work . 
  she is competent and experienced and i 'm happy she got the job . 
  i believe in leading by example . 
  if you do n't even take your own advice then i think it 's pretty fucking rich to expect anyone else to . 
   also , there was this show that followed the life of some politicians for a short while , apperantly she got fat by bad eating habits growing up and she never really got rid of it , she eats like a ` normal ' person these days . 
  but that 's not enough to get rid of the excess fat you 've build up . 
  simply eating 500 calories less per day than you expend will shed ~ 1lb of bodyweight per week . 
  it 's absolute piss . 
  i life weights and do the standard bulk/cut cycle . 
  3200 calories when bulking , ~ 1800 calories when cutting . 
  i 'll put on and lose weight like clockwork . 
  it 's not magic . . 
  it 's and incredibly simple concept , but it requires will power and concious effort . 
   to those saying she could change her diet , true but do ` nt forget she has very weird and sometimes long hours to work . 
  working long hours makes it harder to eat a surplus , not easier . 
  less time for cooking and eating . 
  i 've never understood the ` i 'm fat because i 'm busy ' excuse . 
  if you 're genuinely busy then when are you finding the time to stuff your face with the amount of calories needed to get obese ? 
  the only reason it 's used as an excuse is because people like to believe they 're too hard working , and not too lazy like the reality of it . 
  they did n't adapt quick enough and they kept their shitty smartphone os for way too long . 
  yes , but it 'll also drive wages up . 
  i wo n't say there 's not negatives , because there are some negatives . 
  but they 're far outweighed by the positives . 
  what do uneducated poor people contribute to a society when they emigrate ? 
  they just bring the average down , imo . 
  the problem is that the standard of living in shithole countries is so bad that they can live 10 to a 5 bedroom house in a developed nation and still have a drastically increased quality of life . . 
  when this is happening en mass all it does is bring down the average quality of life of the host country . 
  when you 're living 10 to a 5 bed house , it 's extremely easy to get by so you can accept lower wages than the people living 5 to a 5 bed house . . 
  the same happens in reverse , though . 
  when rich people from developed countries move to shithole countries en mass they demand a better quality of life from the country , and it follows . 
  they bring the average up . 
  that 's why no one complains about immigrants from any of the rich countries of the eu . 
   an article in the belfast telegraph says this level may get them 128 seats that shows an extreme misunderstanding of how our political process works . 
  if we had proportional representation , that 'd be the case . 
  but we do n't . 
  thank fuck for fptp . 
   dont forget they are the only modern tank proven in a large scale battle . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/challenger_2 ), 
  if it 's friday night and i just want to have an early one , i buy the biggest portion of fish and chips and slip into a food coma . 
  as if !, 
  that 's one of the scottish 5 a day . 
  so in maths do you use comas for decimal places ? 
  so 1.5 + 2.5 = 4 or 1,5 + 2,5 = 4 ? 
  or is it only currency ? 
  bloody continentals and their comma usage . . 
  i almost fell off my chair reading how much you paid for a m ^ ^ 3 of water , haha . 
  900 euros a year ?
