  hell , italy are looking at solving their illegal immigrant problem by issuing temp visas . . that 's as near as admitting that they 're not refugees , they just want to go elsewhere in the eu and get work . 
  very good point . 
  it 's very rare to even see broken english being typed on this sub , which is astounding when you think about how many people are commenting . 
   i think the worst is when british people complain about the `` paki '' in the cornershop speaking `` broken english '' when often they are criticising someone who knows three languages . 
  if they 're calling people pakis then they have bigger problems than being english language aficionados . .  it 's embarrassing . 
  people here complain about immigrants not learning the language when by far we are the worst for it . 
  no doubt it happens , but i 've never really seen it as a prevailing attitude . 
  there is an opinion that everyone working in the public sector should be fluent in english , but i feel that 's just common sense . 
  [ ` buttered toast ' ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/edwikia/images/7/7b/ed_falling.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121211010927 ), 
  so i learn another language and open up maybe another 1/100th population to conversation . . not worth the effort , really . 
  on the other hand , if you 're a latvian and you learn english you go from being able to speak with 1/3500th of the world to 1/4 of the world . 
  the incentive is huge . 
  they do n't . 
  but i 'd imagine that the percentage of people in the uk who know a second language is similar to the percentage of people in most european countries who know a 3rd language after english and their own . . because the same incentives exist . 
   so if some other very useful/popular thing appears , that is centered around another language , that language could become the new norm . 
  but someone will just make an english clone which will then instantly be 100x more useful because it 's in english and therefore more accessible . . 
  how many europeans learn english because america speaks english ? 
  i ca n't imagine it 's many at all . . 
  most people will learn it because that 's what everyone else is learning around europe . 
  i completely disagree with the idea that english will ever be unseated as the world language . 
  why would anyone bother learning chinese when the chinese learn english ? 
  why would anyone bother learning one of the tens of indian languages when ... 
  they learn english ( and it 's even an official language of india ) . . 
  it 's unrealistic . 
  you really ca n't compare any language in history to the environment that english is now flourishing in . 
  we 're a truly globalized society and english came at just the right time to take advantage of that . 
  there 'll be no conceivable incentive to learn anything else given another 100 years . 
  it 's reached critical mass . 
  watch out everyone , germany is getting angry !, 
  i voted 6 . 
  uncontrolled immigration does not concern me directly , but neither do a lot of things that are damaging . 
  i do n't have cancer , but i recognise it as devastating . 
  so i could n't put 10 , because there 's bigger issues for me at the moment . 
  but it 's still extremely important . 
  if france ever just say ` fuck it ' and stop letting us have our boarder on their soil then dover will be fucked and it 'll be a 10 issue for everyone that lives in dover . 
  man , she 's lucky they were n't violent . 
  we operate the ` one bigger ' rule too . 
  however you ca n't own pepper spray/guns for self defense so it does n't really work . 
  it does mean that you can use a knife in self defense if a guy is using his fists . . 
  but again , you ca n't have the knife on you for self defense . 
  it 's a bit confusing . 
  if a guy breaks into your house , and you grab a knife . . that should be okay as long as you show restraint while using it . 
  we should be supplying more money/men to france to protect the le touquet treaty . 
  it 's incredibly important to us , and a burden to the french . 
  it 's false economy not to do anything in our power to help the french out . 
  if they give up , then it just means that dover gets completely fucked . 
  3 months out of date on canned goods means nothing , lol . 
  and they explained it to the immigrants , and even ate some of it themselves to show it was fine . . canned goods last almost indefinitely , but they have to have a ` best before ' date on them . 
  i 'm just glad that this is relatively simple to stop compared to elsewhere in the eu . 
  literally just need to fund our boarder police better and the problem is mostly mitigated . 
  in some of the eu there 's no reasonable amount of funding you can increase to stop the illegal immigration happening . 
  in italy , for example . 
   enlighten me . 
  how did the holocaust start ? 
  you do n't remember ? 
  the jews all sailed their boats from africa to germany . 
   and create heavy monetary losses honestly , there 's more at threat than gdp here . 
  the negative cultural impact of unlimited , unplanned and unwanted african immigration ca n't be underplayed , imo . 
  our cultures are not similar . 
  they do not naturally fuse . 
  if stopping it causes a hit in gdp , then it could still be very worth it . 
  i do n't blame them one bit . 
  not willing to take any in though . 
  they can all pile up at calais i guess . . 
  i tried saying movie/film and neither seemed unnatural . 
  i * think * i say ` film ' and ` cinema ' in normal conversation but it 's hard to tell . 
  it does n't bother me . 
  it happens the other way around too . 
  for example , h\u00e4agen-dazs ice cream . 
  meant to sound danish , lol . 
   we need international language , it 's not the first and it wo n't be the last . 
  er , i think the first language to reach world status would also be the last . 
  why would anyone bother switching ? 
  odds they were pissed up and aiming at the plane on purpose ? 
  i reckon quite high . 
  i 'm literally on edge if there 's a sharp knife about during the cutting of the wedding cake . 
  i could not survive in albania . 
  i 'd be a wreck . 
  very very true . 
  man , we 'd be so fucked without our moat . 
   unless we were to go rogue and chose not abide by the echr rulings . 
  what power does the ehcr even have to collect fines ? 
  just do n't pay them . 
  because then all you 're doing is paying blackmail money . 
  backlash by who ? 
  failed north african states ? 
  they 're going to take on the french and british fleets , are they ? 
  like fuck . 
   so increasingly , gypsies in the uk are drawing from both roma and irish traveller culture that sounds like polishing a turd using another turd . 
   these irish travellers are campaigning to be recognised as a separate ethnicity/race distinct from other irish people , which is nonsense . 
  i * really * hope they do n't get recognized as such . 
  they 're just trying to use our own liberal culture against us so they can legitimize their backwards as fuck one . 
  this is why dave wants to move it up to 2016 . 
  he wants it out of the way as soon as possible so that businesses do n't put off investment in the uk for 2 years . 
  its complicated over here . 
  gypsy is essentially a catch all term for travelers/pikeys . . people who travel the country in caravans/converted vans and ` work ' . . 
  but they always seem to set up home on village/town parks and fucking shit up the place with their commercial and private waste . 
  then they fuck off to the next town and the council is left with a # xx , xxx bill to clean up or repair the park or green . 
  so when someone says ' i fucking hate gypsies ' they almost always mean ' i fucking hate travelers . . ' and the vast majority of travelers in my experience are white . 
   that 's not a very representative number for 80 million people .
