  lets be honest . . 
  the reason most nato members are slacking in defence spending is because the usa is a member . 
  the best thing for nato would be for the usa to leave . 
  or to word it another way , the uk spends more in the eu than the eu spends in the uk . 
  so , think about it again . 
  who depends on who more ? 
  * london is frances 6th biggest city . 
  * there 's over half a million polish people living in the uk * uk is germany 's 3rd biggest export market . 
  * uk is france 's 3rd biggest export market . 
  * uk is spain 's 5th biggest export market . 
  * uk is italy 's 5th biggest export market . 
  we 're basically in the top 5 exporters for all the eu countries whose opinions actually matter . 
  we 're not norway . 
  we 're about 11 times their size in population , we have a military worth a damn and we 're the financial centre of the world . 
  if you think much will actually change if we leave , you 're greatly mistaken . 
  personally , i do n't want us to leave . 
  i 'd rather us stay in a reformed and non federal eu . 
  but if federalization is the only course that can be taken , then we might as well leave as soon as possible and let you get on with it . 
  because federalization is not something i 'm interested in . 
  i 'd rather be and independent small player than a dependent large player . 
  the fact of the matter is , the eu has more to lose from us leaving . 
  deep down , that 's why you guys all fucking bitch non stop about a possible brexit . 
  and the uk buys more from the eu than it sells , so regardless of size the eu is on the backfoot . 
  no one cares , russia . 
  plenty of countries around the world to pick up the slack . 
  so that 's what they 've done with all our copper wiring . 
  we do n't mind polish people any more . 
  we change our xenophobia every 5-10 years or so . 
  hating you lot has gone out of fashion , but hating romanians is in vogue right now . 
   no there 's more countries that does n't want that . 
  calling bullshit on that . 
  likelihood is we 'd step up anyway , though . 
  historically we do n't like people shitting in our back yard , or rather we like people shitting there but on our terms . 
  in reality , i doubt trade would change much . 
  we 'd just renegotiate with the eu so that it operates exactly how it does already , minus the payments we make to the eu . 
  i mean , why would n't that be the outcome ? 
  it 'd be mutually beneficial . 
  the only way it would n't happen would be if all the eu leaders got mad butthurt and decided to put a dent in their gdp just to put a dent in ours as vengeance . . and i like to think that 's not what the eu is like . 
  and if it is , maybe that 's not something i want to be a part of anyway . 
  i do n't see why not . 
   his body was found on friday ( 1 august ) in a wood near the nalchik suburb of khasania after he went missing the previous evening . 
  there were no visible signs of violence . 
  at the time of his burial on saturday , the results of an autopsy to determine the cause of his death were unknown . 
  clear case of suicide . 
  wrap it up , boys . 
  well , they 've failed the entry exam for the uk . 
  but every cloud has a silver lining and by rioting , turning over cars and setting alight to things they 've passed the entry exam to france . 
  hahahahahaha . 
  did n't see that coming . 
  100 % option 2 unless the eu/us asks for assistance , in which case maybe option 3 . 
  there wo n't be war , though . 
   we have no use for stupid twats that are making the union counterproductive , by critisising it or making us look bad . 
  why wait for us to leave ? 
  kick us out if we 're such a hindrance . . 
  oh my god , as if bendy buses were n't useless enough they added another bend to the mix . 
  holy fuck . 
  you 're making us sound like complete twats . 
  at least half of those are n't even remotely true . 
  how about dem apples ? 
  can someone confirm if madagascar has closed its port ? 
  the jokes write themselves . 
  i just meant that in the 70 's our country was fucked and nowhere near as prosperous as we are now . . winter of discontent and all that . 
   the uk was not a poor country at the time we were the sick man of europe . . 
  he 's a bitcoiner , and likely has the seriously warped economic views that come with the territory . 
  one of which being that deflation is good for the economy . 
  saying something positive about thatcher . 
  that 's a bold strategy . 
  naturally this happens * after * i buy . 
  haha , but i do n't mind . 
  stagnation is fine by me , i just do n't want negative equity . 
  why the fuck would you trust putin to hold up his end of the deal ?!, 
  so , we 've found out why the eu is a bit gutless . 
  it has a gutless leader at its heart . . 
  ' i believe that we should absolutely sanction our biggest competitor . ', 
  - norway the brave . 
  weapons are so cool . 
  i wish they were n't , but the just are . 
  india and pakistan have had a few goes at each other while nuclear powers . 
  if there 's any war , it will be a war where nuclear weapons are removed from the equation . 
  look at how ww2 ended . 
  even when hitler was on his back foot and being completely trampled by russia he did n't order the use of chemical weapons , which were the nukes of the day . 
  nuclear exchange benefits no one , so no one would bother . 
  even if you 're about to lose the war what would the point of launching nukes when you know you 'd just get them fired right back at you ? 
  you would n't . 
  you 'd just take the loss . 
  because even a devastating loss is better than a total loss . 
  for clarity , there wo n't be a war . 
   that deal was from 2000 or so . 
  it takes a while to build those things it 's not like france magics minstrals from its arse . . 
  the deal for those was made 4 years ago . 
  i am of course assuming the war is kept conventional . 
  honestly , we have enough sanctions to go around . 
  i think israel are being ridiculously heavy handed in their supposed targeting of hamas , and i 'm usually on israels side when it comes to these ventures in gaza . 
  this one is just too far . 
  i think some financial sanctions might make them think twice . 
  what fucking year is it ? 
  putin is n't stupid . 
  he 's not going to start a war with the rest of europe because it would be the end of russia with him at the helm . 
  he 'd probably be ousted by his people before he could start an actual war . 
  welsh and scottish are my favourite accents to get when phoning a company .
