  literally guaranteeing ghettos and social problems in a few decades . 
  can someone explain to me why norway does n't join the eu if it 's so terrible being outside of it ? 
  lol, 
  sounds like some game of thrones shit . 
  did st george targaryen fly in on his dragons ? 
  huh . 
  that 's surprisingly low . 
  some . 
  some kids have died . 
  other kids have just had a jolly good time . 
  sure , just put on a squint . 
  there 's something i like to call omnimulticulturalism . 
  where there 's multiple cultures in one country , and they do n't mix in any meaningful manner . 
  i think it should be a popularized concept , because that 's what we 're seeing in a lot of countries under the guise of beneficial multiculturalism . 
  without a clear programme to ease integration , no one will benefit from the concept of multiculturalism . 
  which , btw , i think is beneficial but only when it 's true to its meaning . 
  multiple cultures , living side by side and accepting each other . 
  omnimulticulturalism is destructive to a country , imo . 
  it build barriers in society that were n't there before . 
  does that make it okay ? 
  or am i ? 
  where the hell are they getting the idea that the uk is where they need to be ? 
  we 've been pumping out a steady stream of anti-immigrant rhetoric for about a decade . . 
  given what her party stands for , she did the right thing . 
  what leverage ? 
  be nice or we wo n't give your gold back ? 
  seems like a shitty way to have leverage anyway . 
  alright old man jenkins , you 're in !, 
  no , i mean why does it matter if they take it back from us . 
  why does it matter to us if we have it ? 
  surely it makes no difference . 
  i ca n't imagine it mattering much either way . 
  they 'll likely just vote for what their parents vote for . . 
  but i like consistency , so i think it 's silly to allow them to vote in this referendum but not general elections . . 
  i was out at 20 , but at 26 a lot of my friends are still living with their parents . 
  probably 90 % or so . 
  he 's probably right . 
  why he 's going about being right in the single most antagonistic way possible is beyond me . 
   `` cameron wants to dock his country permanently to europe . '' it 's like he wants us to leave . 
  it looks like it was created to solve the problem of being able to read graphs . . 
   by provoking an attack from a christian country so they can benefit from the consequent radicalisation . 
  luckily europe is devoid of christian countries . . 
  wait . 
  why does it even matter if we have other countries gold , though ? 
  which is annoying . 
  we do n't wear bowler hats !, 
  the us wo n't give germany back its gold , or even let it see it . . 
  if i were to judge you by your ancestors then i 'd assume you 're still trying to exterminate the armenian race . 
  see how dumb a line of reasoning that is ? 
  you 're not shackled by the actions of your ancestors , and neither am i. 
  first off , i do n't trust our government to help them integrate and encourage them not to form ghettos/centralize . 
  and that would cause social tension , which i do n't much like the idea of . 
  secondly , i do n't believe that taking a countries citizens en mass does anything to benefit that country . 
  we should be looking at raising the living standards of africa via business and diplomacy rather than helping out the few who manage to get on a boat . 
  our developmental aid budget is larger than any other countries , bar the usa . 
  but if you adjust it for per capita , we eclipse everyone . 
  we 're thinking ahead with the big picture in mind , whereas the eu and a lot of people in this sub are attempting to put a band-aid on a broken leg . 
  so do n't get sanctimonious with me . 
  time to stop eu payments , then . 
  right , lads . 
  i need an attractive woman , a cockney geezer , an old bloke , an asian , some insanely attractive guy and 3 squirrels . 
  this 'll be the job to end all jobs !, 
  no more ripping off atm 's , we 're going for the big one !, 
  * gordon brown coughs nervously *, 
  literally europes drunk uncle at a wedding . 
  would maybe smash ? 
  i 'm useless at languages , so regardless of how shit people are at english i respect them for even getting it a little bit right . 
  i do n't think cameron ever used the words ` cherry picking ' . . 
  i think that was miss-dubbed or translated wrong . 
  there 's no way he 'd use words with such a negative connotation . 
  can anyone find the actual clip with its original audio ? 
  from the little bit i can hear under the loud narration , the words do n't match the subtitles . 
  edit : [ found it . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-16116276 ) 2:25 onwards . 
  i am the 60 % . 
   france is n't as awesome as so many of you guys think it is . 
  oh it ca n't be that bad , surely . . 
  just a minor correction , or rather added information . 
  it was n't the enigma code that was used throughout ww2 , it was an earlier version with two less rotors and less plugboard connections . 
  not to diminish the achievement , just when people say ` enigma code ' it 's usually the one during ww2 that people focus on . 
  i 've been shitfaced and been around shitfaced people enough times to recognise it a mile off . 
  it seems entirely possible that social mechanisms will put a hard limit on the worlds overall population . 
  people always fear about over population , but it seems as a whole it might be self regulating . 
  when a country reaches a certain level of development and living standards the priority to have children lowers until you get under 2 children per woman , at which point your population is in decline . 
  obviously the limit is going to be far beyond the current 7 billion people . 
  but it 'll be interesting to see what it levels out at . 
  i wo n't be alive then , but it * would * be interesting to see . 
  us birthrate is dropping generally , though . 
  it 's on a downward trend . 
  the tories are going to implement 30 hours of free childcare for 2-4 year olds which is probably one of their better policies . 
  i predict it 'll make a huge difference . 
  polish catholics and our muslim population are bringing our average up . 
  say what you like about immigrants , but they 're seemingly good for churning out future tax payers !, 
  yeah , i do n't know why we opposed him as president . 
  anyway , serious hat on . 
  this is pretty unprofessional . . 
  i 'm all for relaxed and less stuffy politicians , but there 's a limit . 
  you ca n't be shitfaced for goodness sake . 
  that 's fantastic , haha . 
  wooo , we 're not ` winning ' .
