  it 's 5th and losing out to countries with under half its population . 
  seems like a huge waste of potential . 
  man , being president does a number on your hair . 
  op obviously is . 
  i 'm not . 
  25 mile moat , though . 
  no fucks to give . 
  if ww3 happens , i 'll probably die either in a nuclear blast , or maybe a bit later from general radiation poisoning . . 
  but if not then i 'm more than happy to be that guy from saving private ryan that gets shot in the head before he even steps off the landing craft ramp . 
  yeah , i 'm up for some comment section astroturfing . 
   this ai n't necessary , just wait for the germans to negotiate with putin . 
  [ and here she is negotiating . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/trbhofk.jpg ), 
  impossible . 
  america ca n't into railways . 
  man , hebrew is weird . 
  so you think the fsb control putin and not the other way around ? 
  that 's not what makes you a superpower . 
  that 's why you buy curry sauce with your fish and chips !, 
  yeah , but that 's now our food . . we stole it , and it 's ours now and no backsies . 
  that first food they show looks nice . 
  but then bangers and mash is a classic british food , and that 's pretty much exactly what that is . 
  but the sausage looks better . 
  i treat myself to a sit down piss if it 's 1am . 
  fuck trying to aim when i 'm attempting not to actually wake up . 
  but we have dicks . 
  we must lord them over women . . look at me pissing standing up . 
  bow down to me and my toiletry dominance . 
  watch as i step away from the toilet while pissing until i 'm pissing in the toiled from ~ 6 feet away . . 
  i still find the poo shelf funny . 
  i check out my shit all the time without one . 
  you just have a look before you wipe . 
  or you stack the paper at the front of the bowl . 
  do n't they need a lot more cleaning when you 're shitting right onto a shelf ? 
  i have never put a shaver to my balls . 
  what if you cut the ball seam thingy ? 
  noooope . 
  electric trimmer only . 
  what country do you come from ? 
  i 've never heard of that . 
  i can imagine it might make sense if you live in a hot country where you 'll be sweating a lot . 
  reduce the surface area for smelly bacteria to grow . 
  but i barely sweat as is . 
  it 's not worth the hassle . 
  women shave though . 
  if germany pulls the plug on greece , that 's the end of the eu . 
  not hyperbole . . why would anyone be in a union that 'd kick you out so readily ? 
  good god , haha . 
  iceland know their shit when it comes to fishing . 
  they 'd be mad to give that up to the eu . 
  our fisherman would fish the shit out of their waters . . 
  it 'd be one big money grab at the expense of the fish stocks and the icelandic people . 
  it was ridiculous anyway . 
  the eu fishing shite would have decimated their fishing sector which is something like 20 % of their gdp . 
  is n't this the exact attitude he 's complaining about ? 
  well it 's at least entertaining . 
  i 'd probably have a stronger opinion of them if my country was part of the eurozone . 
  we do n't even use the sodding things and we 're still managing to piss of the french . 
  today was a good day . 
  for those who do n't read articles , the headline is a bit deceptive . 
  the ` rich ' in this context are the top 20 % of the population . 
  that 's approximately 13 million people . 
  in fact , the top 40 % which is some 26 million people got richer . 
  then the middle 20 % got neither richer nor poorer . 
  and the bottom 40 % got poorer . 
  also , that top 20 % have increased their savings account from # 6k on average to # 10k on average ... that 's how these percentages have been figured out . 
  the top 20 % of the population have increased their savings account by # 4,000 in 7 years and that is somehow deserving of the title :  britain 's divided decade : the rich are 64 % richer than before the recession , while the poor are 57 % poorer . 
  junk article , imo . 
  beachy head . 
   the british are as bad the oligarchs in this situation . 
  yeah , right . . 
  going to be pretty hard to run the country with only half our mp 's though . . 
  completely understand . 
  [ damn , they have a flag . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utduy7qkvk8 ), 
  it could do with being a * bit * taller , but it 'll do . 
  that 's a weird comparison . 
  i just read everything you typed above and it just seems so absurdly complicated . 
  it 's very easy to see why people fall through the gaps of such a complicated system . 
  would n't it be easier to just pay 5 % extra income tax and not have to worry about any of that shit ? 
  i mean , here 's our version of what you just typed . . ` when we 're ill we go to the hospital , and then we leave when we 're better ... ', 
  you buy insurance for $ x per month . 
  it covers you for a network of hospitals that your insurer deals with . 
  the cheaper you go , the less cover you get . 
  you have to pay some nominal amount for each doctors visit . 
  am i close ? 
   you ca n't indefinitely increase military spending without eventually subtracting from somewhere else . 
  you can raise taxes though . 
  and despite what you 've been told , raising taxes is n't the devil . 
  it 's sometimes necessary to have a functioning and developed society . 
  we 'd support a raise on taxes before we supported a cutting of the nhs , for example . 
  ` better get crimea back before it 's overrun by the eu homosex . ', 
  the thing is , your argument has a few ridiculous assumptions . . of which the two biggest are : * that the us built up its military for purely altruistic purposes * that given the choices of decent military * and * social programs or low taxes , we 'd choose low taxes . . 
  neither of which i think is true . 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  sweden is haram now . 
  we do n't speak of sweden . 
   american living in the uk  i live in europe i do n't like the implication . 
  i was n't being sarcastic . 
  you 're a flid . 
  russia was a strong contender with their twins basil , twins . 
  and it 's not like there 's any talent on display anyway .
