  they attempted to welch on the original deal . 
  i 'd never have put money in icesave without the icelandic governments guarantee . 
  where the uk government was out of order was when it went full retard and told iceland it must cover the total amount of losses . . that was never the deal either . 
  being smart and believing in sky fairies do n't often go together . 
  limiting yourself of greek statue mode ? 
  never gunna make it , brah . 
  got ta go for greek god mode . 
  ^ ^ yay . . 
  i 'd be building a wall if i was south africa . . christ . 
  this guy has 117 link karma , and 2198 comment karma . . 
  however he has no submissions and no comments listed in his profile . 
  take what he has to say with a large pinch of salt . 
  something is strange about this account , and i ca n't say i 've ever experienced anyone holding particularly strong views for or against the eu . 
  the idea that you need to fear voicing your pro eu opinions is laughable to me . 
  edit : from the little i could find using google cache , it seems [ he 's not even pro eu ? 
  i guess i always just assumed it was a bunch of pr bullshit . 
  the ping pong clearly was . 
   it helps to understand that cameron and obama are good friends ( so much so they had to scale in back in public due to negative media attention ) . 
  source ? 
  i 've never got the vibe that they 're good friends . 
  all i ask is that if you come to the uk please use tripadvisor.com to find good place to eat . . 
  the amount of people that eat in tourist traps in london and then form an opinion about the quality of british food is too damn high . 
  jesus christ , how do you even save a country when everyone flat out refuses to pay their taxes even when the country is circling the drain ? 
  illegal how ? 
  what law was broken ? 
  with 110 % of the vote as well . 
  i wonder if we 'll see something similar to what the uk government did for the scottish referendum . 
  a big promise of something or rather a week or so before the vote . 
   the uk is fighting extremely hard to reduce/eliminate its net contribution to the eu while insisting on having as strong a voice as possible in eu forums . 
  the guy you 're replying to never said he wanted us to reduce our contributions , though . 
  and i do n't think the uk governments position is ` pay up or shut up ' . . you 're conflating two different arguments by two different people/entities , so it ca n't by hypocritical . 
  we 'd be hypocrites if we ever condemned another country doing the same elsewhere in the world . 
  it 's not worth losing that moral high ground , and on top of that there 'd be a ton of death . 
  it 'd be an insurgency like nothing we 've ever seen before . 
  every anti western government would be funneling money/arms to insurgents to get us out . 
  it 'd go terribly . 
   if cameron can kill off the benefit tourism myth then he seriously undermines the ukip reason de etre . 
  very good point . 
   the ecj has also in a verdict made clear that member-states have the right to deny benefits to nationals from other member-states . 
  which is why i do n't really understand why cameron is bothering to splash about in eu politics . . 
  surely everything he wants to do can be done via british parliament . 
  you can understand the theory of what the eu is , and then also understand the reality of what the eu is . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  also , not agreeing with the concept is n't the same as not understanding the concept . 
   let 's turn the boats back and violate territorial sovereignty of north african nations in the process . 
  as if this is even a problem in practice . . 
   impose [ . . ] a provisional government yeah , that 'll go down a treat i 'm sure . 
  how is it hypocritical ? 
  berlin would have likely been nuked , assuming russia did n't storm right through eastern europe like they ended up doing . 
  most likely scenario would be the soviets taking germany alone . 
  for too long seagulls have gone unopposed !, 
  so , fury is based on a true story lol . 
  that sounds like the attitude of a lot of my friends who moved to australia , haha . 
  i think that 's highly dependent on where you live in the uk . 
  they 're concentrated in big cities , as are most eu migrants . 
   and it did n't change that much since 1989 . 
  it 's basically impossible for a country to increase their gdp by 750 % and not become more developed . 
  maybe you just live in a deprived area ? 
   and how shitty the tap water was in dublin . 
  they 're attempting to fix that , and for some reason there 's huge amounts of resistance . . 
   romanians throw trash everywhere . 
  on city streets , parks , forests , anywhere . 
  funnily enough , this is the stereotype gypsies/travelers have here in the uk . 
  it 's not really a stereotype when it comes to gypsies/travelers , though . 
  they fucking do dump their shit absolutely everywhere . 
  it 's a huge issue of contention . 
  they could change peoples opinion of them within a decade if they collectively decided to stop doing that . 
  from what i can tell , it 's a stereotype exclusive to paris . 
  i have n't been for years , but i do n't remember seeing shit everywhere . 
  just burning cars . 
  ayyy lmao . 
  would n't call iceland urbanized . 
  their entire population is less than manchester 's . 
  although iirc , police in ni carry guns as standard . 
  this is why you guys integrated so well over here . 
  how do you ever get a girlfriend in those countries ? 
  funny , because i had an american friend come over and complain about all the cctv cameras he saw . 
  it 's weird , is n't it . 
  policeman with a gun on his hip is apparently okay and not weird at all . 
  some guy in a booth somewhere controlling cameras and directing unarmed police to trouble spots is literally 1984 and/or hitler . 
  well the french are n't actually all awful . 
  just the ones in and around paris are . 
  budapest is a lot more run down than i expected . 
  geneva airport sucks . 
  spain feels really dusty . 
  i ca n't believe tumblr shitheads made him cry on his special day where his project to land a fucking space ship on an asteroid finally came to fruition . 
  and they did it over a fucking comic book shirt . 
  and , i 'm mad as fuck again . 
  god dammit , the yanks out big dick 'd us . 
  take them on board , sail near the coast of wherever they 're suspected to have come from , shove them in a life boat and put an oar in their hands . 
  point them to the coast . 
  if they hear news stories of even one migrant making it across , then they 'll try . 
  remove the hope . 
  yeah , they 're not going to be as well armed as a navy though are they ? 
  they 're only acting up because they know we 're soft . 
  a .5 second burst of phalanx into the water near by will scare the entire boat shitless . 
   it was the second such episode this year . 
  in february , the italian coastguard was confronted by armed traffickers who ordered the migrant boat be handed over once the rescue operation was complete . 
  this is why i believe we need armed patrols . 
  a coast guard can be intimidated with an ak47 .
