  bet they put the milk in first . 
  oh , i 'm sure it was ` on the job ' training they were giving !, 
  would like to see that video if you have it . 
  have n't they only been training people so far ? 
  they 're now allowed to raid and direct air strikes . . that 's a huge increase in scope . 
  they 're fucking everywhere !, 
  loving these constant ultimatums . 
  so suspenseful . 
  ca n't wait for the next one . 
  [ try this instead . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x23yv5y_stewart-lee-on-immigration-paul-nuttall-and-ukip_fun ) timestamp 4:00 , or watch from the beginning for full effect . 
  [ bloody immigrants . . ] ( https://youtu.be/3hmhwb95ldq?t=275 ) ( 4:30 if you 're on a mobile ), 
  brexit wo n't be happening . 
  we 're risk averse as a nation , and we wo n't be giving up on the status quo for a few billion quid savings . 
  now we 're talking . 
  it 'll be just like old times . 
   they 'll print euros really ca n't see them doing this . 
  the international reaction would be ridiculously negative . 
  they 'd lose all sympathy at that point . . 
  our skin produces more vitamin d in low light conditions , which is why we 're generally found in areas with less sunlight . 
  one of the few genetic advantages of being a ginge . 
  hotter than satans ballsack . 
  fuck that noise . 
  got to 32 here the other day and i was n't happy ... 
  none are on the scale of london . 
  london has 8.3 million people . . birmingham is the next biggest uk city , and it has 1 million people . 
  i could be talking about my arse , of course . 
  but i 've heard concrete makes a hell of a difference . 
  they have aircon as well , but yeah . 
  i 'd fucking hate it . 
  give me mild over hot any day of the week . 
  it 's a bit unorthodox , but so is the whole devolution scenario . 
  no , she 's the leader of the snp full stop . 
  westminster and holyrood . 
  she 's just not an mp . 
  she 's the leader of the snp , who have 56 mp 's in parliament . 
  much more power than boris . 
  he 's wanted a mohawk for years . 
  well as i 'm sure you know as an italian , allies are only allies up until the point at which they 're not allies . 
   you do realize by conceding that your government fucked up you do n't concede that you fucked up ? 
  i agree that they fucked up . 
  they should n't have got caught . 
  i disagree with my government on a lot of things , but spying is n't one of them . 
  because countries are going to spy regardless , and by the nature of it you ca n't really tell if they are/aren ` t. 
  so why just sit there and take it ? 
  most eu have been doing that , and now it 's come back to bite them in the arse . 
  at least fight back . 
  it 'll also keep our government on its toes . 
  i welcome it . 
  you spy , we spy . 
  everyone spies . 
  level playing field . 
  did we even break an eu law ? 
  besides , everyone is doing it . 
  you can bitch about it , or you can secure your shit better . 
  complaining about it * maybe * stops us spying . 
  securing your shit better does stop us spying , and then stops other countries spying too . 
  secure your shit better . 
  we 're not the only people spying . . 
  right , you 're off the christmas card list . . 
  democracy is only good if you do n't vote in retards . 
  hey , i 'm not finished with the greeks !, 
  i thought we were talking about this fella :  https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/10400007_474778076013344_3572568706287847788_n.jpg?oh=39104f17cfa9895a0602f69edfe9d39f&amp;oe=5619732e according to [ this ] ( https://gr.linkedin.com/in/gregoryfarmakis ) he is a small business owner , and employs 30 people . 
   you neoliberal twat . 
  mate , i was just trying to empathize with why an owner of a small business might take such drastic action . 
  calm your tits . 
   that exalts nation and often race above the individual as far as i know a business is n't a nation , and it is n't a race either . 
  in fact , what i described above is basically the opposite of that . 
  the boss in that scenario would be influencing politics to help himself and his workers . 
  aka , individuals . 
  the guy above asked how anyone could think that was okay . 
  i gave some possible reasoning . 
  if he truly believes that a ` yes ' vote will save his business and keep all his employees employed , then he might think the ends justify the means . 
   he probably thinks, 
  explain . 
   how could anybody think that this is ok ? 
  because he probably thinks that if they vote no then he wo n't have a business and he 'll have to let them all go anyway . . 
  so what 's the harm in it ? 
  we could probably only actually get a few thousand across the atlantic , and they 'd be abruptly slaughtered before even getting to shore . 
  think about how much effort went into d-day , and that was just to travel 20 odd miles across the ocean . 
  accurate , but then have a 250m + kill radius . 
  an explosion is indiscriminate in who it kills , so i think it 's misleading to call them surgical strikes . 
  it just makes it sound more palatable . 
   as long as we 're only bombing isis not really how bombs work in practice . 
  we 'll no doubt kill others too . 
  the idea of a ` surgical strike ' is one of the most impressive feats of military pr ever . 
  there 's nothing surgical about a missile . 
  ` what do we say to the god of death ? ', 
  ` the roof !, 
  the roof !, 
  the roof it on fire ! ', 
  the harrier is ancient at this point . 
  completely unsuitable for anything but the least sophisticated enemies , which admittedly is who we 're usually fighting . . 
  but still , we needed something new . 
  we really should have designed our own plane though . 
  we have the expertise , and it 's very much use it or lose it knowledge . 
  nuclear is expensive as hell and we ca n't benefit from economies of scale like the us can . 
  plus an aircraft carrier never goes anywhere without her support ships , who are all diesel other than the submarines . 
  and she still has a range double that of her surface support ships . 
  biggest cost savings are in reactor replacement and eventual decommissioning .
