  did n't do any throwing up . 
  my friend did shit himself in a club , though . 
  but also britain . 
  i did n't look at your flair . 
  i guessed romania . 
   but hey , self-determination apparently trumps even the human rights of citizens . 
  they 're one of the same , no ? 
  anyway , there was a poll recently where 60 % of jamaicans answered that they 'd be better off now if the had remained a colony . 
  only 17 % said they 'd be worse off . 
  it 's interesting . . 
  does self determination work both ways ? 
  can a country ask to become part of another country ? 
  has it happened before ? 
  geopolitically it 'd be hilarious if it happened . 
  99 % of australia for starters . 
  it 's still a fucking miracle we managed that . 
  not really . 
  you chuck enough energy at salt water and you can make fresh water . . and where does energy come from ? 
  oil . 
  oil will be the new oil . 
   i , for one , will also blame the privatization of the water authorities . 
  but ireland has it even worse than us , and they 've had nationalized water up until this year . 
   the uk and france both have privatized water and both lose 19 % to leakage . 
  germany and the netherlands have state-controlled water supplies and lose only 7 % and 6 % . 
  the consumer price of water is about the same in each . 
  and ireland loses 41 % ( yes , you read that correct ) with their nationalized water service . 
  it 's really not as clear as gubberment good , private bad . 
  spain just has a selection of condoms to accommodate any man . 
  the ... 
  double cross ? 
  sounds suspicious . 
  just following orders . 
  it did n't fly back then , and it wo n't fly now dammit !, 
   [ norway ] is one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  to link that to immigration is ridiculous . 
  the fact they have oil , and they have extracted it in the most sane and well managed way possible is the main reason for their wealth . 
  do n't be disingenuous . . also i 'm not making the claim that eu withdrawal would be beneficial . 
  just that it 's almost certainly better now than later , if it 's going to happen . 
  and if it does happen i do n't think the sky will fall like people are making out . 
  many many countries do okay outside of the eu . 
  to confirm my position . 
  if we 're going to head towards federalism , we should get out now as we 'll certainly leave at some point in the future anyway . 
  if we can reform the eu and rule out federalism , then i 'm okay with staying . 
  as such there should be a referendum soon if there 's going to be one . 
  a 1 year set back at current growth . 
  if that 's doom and gloom , then what the fuck was 2008 ? 
  i do n't really buy the economic argument . 
  [ worse case scenario is 2.2 % loss of gdp . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-32021291 ) so about the gains we made in the last 12 months or so . 
  hardly the doom and gloom you 're projecting . 
  the benefits of a referendum seem pretty clear . 
  1 ) we 'll decide now if we want to continue on the path the eu is taking , or not . 
  2 ) our populace will get more educated on the matter of the eu , so our participation in the eu ( assuming we stay ) will increase greatly . 
  3 ) if we leave now , at least we do it when only 2.2 % of our gdp is at risk . 
  if we wait until federalism becomes a real possibility , and then leave , we will have a disadvantage of however many decades we spent in the eu from now until then . . 
  if we 're going to leave , now is the time . 
  if we 're going to stay , then at least the eu will be more in our day to day minds and we might actually start participating in eu elections and elect people that will actually represent our interests in the eu . 
  i do n't get why people are so against a referendum . 
  i want to stay , but if the majority of the people in the uk want to leave then who am i to say otherwise ? 
  now is probably the best time to have a referendum if we 're going to have one . 
  also , labour is clearly against a referendum . 
  ed has said there wo n't be a referendum if he wins multiple times . 
  you need to say fantastical things to be charismatic . 
  it basically dooms the lib dems , because really they 're the most sensible party that exists in the uk . 
  they 're never going to make fantastic claims , or promise us the world . 
  because they know that 's no realistic , and those things never come true . 
  i turned off half way through because i hated them all . 
  my experience with muslims is pretty limited , but from what i can tell they 're generally quite devout over here . 
  i 've not really experienced middle of the road muslims . 
  guys that came to buy my car were all pakistani origin , although clearly all born here . 
  they asked if i had a dog when i invited them in ( apparently dogs are bad according to islam ) , then when leaving the youngest one asked me if i had a girlfriend and when i said no they said i should get one to clean and cook for me . 
  he was a fair few years younger than me , so it annoyed me a bit . 
  : / not exactly a blindingly good last experience . 
  it was just the blatant sexism expressed to as near as matters a total stranger that caught me off guard . 
  [ not working particularly well here when out of 500 british muslims asked , not one said that homosexuality was morally acceptable . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ) the numbers for french and german muslims were much better . 
  we 're doing something wrong this side of the channel . 
  i wonder how big a part faith schools play . 
  honestly , they do n't need to be particularly vocal or radical about their religion to have a negative effect . 
  we see it here in the uk where they [ literally could n't find a muslim who thought homosexuality was okay . . ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ) they just need to abide by the rules in their book . 
  stoning people to death is shitty as fuck . 
  main complaint is that they all taste like sugar . 
  i 'm not saying you * ca n't * get good bread in the us . 
  that 'd be ridiculous . 
  just that it 's apparently not as breadily available . 
  not sure why you went after me . 
  what i said was pretty mild compared to the rest of the thread . 
  literally every us expat i 've met has complained about the standard of bread in the us , so there has to be something to it . 
  you seem to manage tbf . 
  removing the downvote button is such a better idea . 
  honestly , there 's no need for a comment downvote button reddit wide . 
  removing the downvote button should be something the reddits should do . 
  it adds nothing to the reddit experience . 
  yeah , that bigotry one is going to be used to justify banning a lot of people unjustly . 
  i can see it now . 
   it is not ok to suggest that some races or cultures are inherently better than others . 
  this is such bollocks . 
  some are objectively better than others . 
   the eu has a thankless job : no praise when it does things right , all the blame when anybody else does anything wrong . 
  it ca n't win .
