  yet in the article it 's only mentioning the 11 states who want it . 
  seems like a pretty wishy washy form of legislation . . 
  haha , what the hell ? 
  can someone please confirm if this would be a horrible place for me to go ? 
  i 'm ginger and very fair skinned . 
  i burn badly in english summer . 
  i 've heard it gets really hot . 
  i set this particular policy as my line in the sand for eu exit . 
  i want this cleared up by the time the referendum comes around , or i 'll seriously consider voting yes to leave . 
  we do n't try and fuck with the rest of europes pet sectors , so do n't fuck with ours . 
  unless this is implemented world wide , all it does is remove competitive edge . 
  i do n't see why he could n't have pulled it off . 
  he did it in leningrad . 
  the plan was never to completely get rid of the native russian population , just reduce it until it was basically a skeleton crew . 
  the major flaw was that he thought that a mere 80m people needed that much living space . 
  they do n't . 
  at all . 
  pretty sure drilling holes on a saturday morning is true the world over . . 
  if it 's not drilling holes , it 's mowing a fucking lawn or using a strimmer . 
  that was basically hitlers plan for russia !, 
   i just love the fact that when we speak italian we still casually use latin words/phrases . 
  it certainly does add * decorum * to a sentence . 
  spanish ? 
  that 's an odd one to pick . 
  i do n't even have to say anything . 
  i get greeted in english . 
  it 's not like i 'm wearing a football shirt and an ` england ' baseball cap !, 
  how do they know ? 
  internet , though . . 
  i have literally no reference point , but i think english can be an extremely beautiful language . 
  i think the difference is that some languages ( french ) always sound beautiful , but with english it takes effort to make something that sounds nice to the ears . 
  it seems to me that it 's quite forgiving . 
  fucking up sentence structure or not following a few fringe rules does n't mean you 'll be saying something incomprehensible . 
  even when a non native speaker totally fucks up , i 'll generally know what they 're trying to say . 
   have to learn mhmm ? 
  [ i was , of course , referring to this . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_moscow ), 
   the international markets would hahahahaha . 
  stalin did n't use chemical weapons under those circumstances . 
  no one will use nukes . 
  had biggest empire . 
  everyone started bumming . 
  lost empire . 
  the logic is there , i 'm afraid . 
  because political freedom is important in a democracy ? 
  i want the muslim penguins the bnp promised if i do n't vote for them . 
  no one in the uk cares about european elections . 
  that 's why bnp and ukip get the seats . 
  in 2009 , 34.7 % of people in the uk voted in the eu elections . 
  that 's a full 10 % less than the average for the eu . 
  there were only 6 states with a lower percentage of voters . 
  pretty much unworkable . 
  how can the unemployed afford to travel that often ? 
  no , because if we 'd let them fail we would have waved goodbye to a large portion of that # 62bn a year tax income for the past 6 years . 
  we paid # 128bn ( correct number ) of taxpayers money to secure ~ # 350bn in tax income over the past six years . 
  oh , and we also now own 85 % of rbs which wo n't be toxic forever . 
   the banks were bailed out to the tune of # 140 billion the financial sector pays that in tax approximately every 2 years . 
  do we have a bailout every two years ? 
  then we 're quids in . 
  psh , you can never be too prepared . 
  skinny as in underweight . 
  seemingly all countries are willing to do this , if it 's actually possible . 
  according to the guardian , the bank bailouts in the uk cost the taxpayer # 124bn . 
  according to figures i can find , the financial sector in the uk brings in # 61bn of tax per year . 
  it 's probably more now , since the figures are from 2009 and that was n't exactly a prosperous year . 
  so essentially , we paid out 2 years of tax earnings to bail out the banks . 
  and we have huge stakes in some very big banks now , such as rbs . 
  i think we own 85 % of rbs now . . 
  if we were having to bail out the banks every < 2 years , you might have a point . 
  as it stands , it 's an extremely rare occurrence and we 're still very much quids in with the financial sector as is . 
  objectivity for the sake of objectivity does n't help anyone , though . 
  i see it all the time with the bbc . 
  they 'll be talking about global warming , and on one side they 'll have a climate scientist and then on the other side they 'll have some talking head journalist for ` objectivity ' . . not all arguments have two sides . 
  for some arguments , the debate is over . 
  at the end of the day , money makes the world go around . 
  if we can stay as involved as possible with money , we will stay relevant long after we should have faded into irrelevancy . 
  i do n't particularly subscribe to the vilification of bankers and the banking system . 
  mistakes get made , greed can get the better of people . . that 's life . 
  that happens regardless of what your main export is . 
  if it was n't bankers , it 'd be automobile giants . . whoever has the money , influences the country . 
  this is true the world over . 
  at the end of the day , i look at how we were before we made the swing to financial services and i look at us now and we 're in a much better place . 
  even with the odd hiccup . 
  it 's a comparison . 
  i 'm saying that the eu being able to shut down british banking is as likely as the eu being able to close all the farms in france . 
  not very likely . 
  i just ca n't be bothered to deal with uncertainty . 
  the status quo is working well for * me * right now . 
  and in the end , you have to look out for number one . 
  however if they attempt to take our financial sector hostage again , then i 'll happily wave goodbye . 
  that 's not cricket . 
   but i predict that either the eu will shut this down that 'll happen on the same day that the eu shuts down frances farms . . 
  it 's lucky he 's not saying that then , is n't it ? 
  1 ) less of a language barrier . 
  how man japanese know polish ? 
  2 ) extremely reliable and stable country . 
  no surprises expected . . eu referendum came from left field , really . 
  3 ) has a 25 mile moat . 
  4 ) higher level of expertise in precision manufacturing , particularly cars ( f1 , etc ) . 
   were actually surprisingly still industrialised , take car production seeing as your german and will understand that . 
  shots fired .
