  i do n't see it ever changing , to be honest . 
  and i 'm entirely okay with that . 
  i believe change needs to serve a practical purpose , not just an ideological one . 
  if you go around changing things just based on ideology then you end up fixing things that are n't broken , and possibly end up breaking things that work . 
  if it ever becomes unfit for purpose , then we should remove it . 
  but we 're perfectly fine as is . 
  i wonder how all other aspects could be improved . .  income taxes i 'm being disingenuous , of course . 
  russia would see a great improvement with a reduction in corruption alone . 
  agreed about alcohol . 
  our drinking culture sucks big time . . 
  yeah . 
  it 's very hard to find anyone who agrees with the bishops having seats . 
  [ here 's a top gear segment on road signage in the uk you might find interesting . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6qypmxbwd1k?t=114 ) essentially they 're the product of two people in the 50 's . 
  fuck off tony . 
  no one cares what you think about anything , you utter twat . 
   `` surveillance kings of europe '' fuck , we did n't keep that crown for long did we . . 
  left side of the road is apparently safer . 
  something to do with the right eye being dominant and better at judging distance , speed , etc. 
  get a pack of each flavour and you get a shitty form of tapas going , haha . 
  a bag of crisps opened like [ this . 
  ] ( http://c1.thejournal.ie/media/2013/10/989536766_2501964db6-2.jpg ), 
  honestly , though . 
  this sub is not representative of the eu . 
  i 've never felt animosity in any country i 've been in , nor when speaking to any european . 
  just this sub . 
  not the family , clearly . 
  my opinion would change in a second if anyone i knew was involved . 
  but my change in opinion would be entirely self serving . 
  if i was the the guy making the decision i 'd not pay a penny to the kidnappers , send in the sas if they thought they could rescue the hostage , let the hostage die if not . 
  that 's been the way we 've dealt with these situations for decades now , and i would n't be the one to rock the boat . 
  especially not when the logic is so clear cut . 
  i read ` retraining ' as ` retaining ' every time i re-read that sentence trying to understand it . 
  maybe i need retraining in english !, 
  anyway , if a few staff having to learn english is the biggest burden our pensioners are putting on spain then they really have fuck all to worry about , imo . 
  i think it 's scummy that they move there and do n't bother to learnt he language . 
  i 'd hate if a part of the uk was french only , and everyone had to learn french . 
  but at the end of the day the biggest impact is cultural , not economic . 
   and force local councils to spend loads on retraining already established staff to learn english . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  half of hollywood comes from the uk , so my answer will be boring and news to no one . 
  gary oldman is very good . 
  a few times i 've not even realised he was in a film i like . 
  the guys a chameleon . 
  i did n't know he was zorg from the fifth element until pretty recently . 
  pensioners are cash cows because the nhs pays for their treatment , and pays their pensions . 
  medical costs and pensions are the only reason pensioners cost countries money , and host countries to our pensioners do n't have to worry about either . 
  ransoms should n't be paid out of principle . 
  i 'd rather spend # 15m on a botched special forces mission to attempt a rescue than hand over # 100 directly to the kidnappers for the hostages safe return . 
  you ca n't incentivise kidnapping . 
  the world needs to know that if you kidnap people and ask for a ransom , you 'll either end up dead or killing some guy for no reason . 
  or both . 
  it should also be illegal for private parties to pay ransoms , including family . 
   how is this sub anglophobic , exaclty ? 
  article showing us as alleged hypocrites from over a year ago gets posted and upvoted . . and the data is 5 years old . 
  i 've stopped giving a fuck . 
  i just read and chuckle . 
  i mean , think about the news sites they 're likely reading . 
  probably their own domestic ones in their native tongue , and then ours in english . 
  how many french people are reading slovak or lithuanian news sites and forming an opinion of those countries ? 
  how many finnish people are reading spanish news sites and forming an opinion of spain ? 
  i doubt many . 
  having the eu 's lingua franca as our native tongue clearly has it 's minor disadvantages . 
  everyone can understand and hear about our shitstain politicians and citizens . 
  that 's not as true when your native language is n't english . 
  i do n't understand how anyone from greece would welcome us . 
  especially after how we behave in kavos . 
  surely that 's the spanish governments fault , not theirs . 
  they should be required to register before they can get health treatment . 
  how about as a percentage of population ? 
  2 million brits moved to eu countries . 
  eu population minus the uk population is around 440 million . 
  2 million represents a 0.45 % increase in the population of the rest of the eu . 
  in the third quarter of 2014 there were 1.7 million eu workers in the uk . 
  that represents 2.69 % of the uk 's population . 
  it 's apples and oranges , really . 
  i do n't really care either way when it comes to immigration , but this proves nothing either way . 
  plus the article its self says that ~ 1/4 of those immigrants to the reu are pensioners who have retired . 
  aka , cash cows who are about to die anyway . 
  sure we do . 
  we can threaten to re-nationalize if it 's that big a political hot potato . 
  or we can bail them out . 
  googles giving me nothing . 
  proof ? 
  [ castles need places to fire bows from . . ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8f/windsor_castle_at_sunset_-_nov_2006.jpg/800px-windsor_castle_at_sunset_-_nov_2006.jpg ) otherwise what 's the point ? 
   privatizing the sanitation , however , seems to have simply allowed the government to wash their hands of any responsibility over the water infrastructure . 
  well yeah . 
  that 's the entire point of privatization . . 
  anyway , since privatization : * drinking water quality , as measured by the compliance with iron levels and coliform bacteria in service reservoirs , has improved substantially from 1996 to 2010 . 
  * network pressure has improved substantially : the share or `` properties at risk of low pressure '' declined from 1.33 % in 1990-95 0.01 % in 2009-10 . 
  * supply interruptions have declined : the share of properties subject to unplanned supply interruptions of 12 hours or more declined from 0.33 % to 0.06 % during the same period . 
  * the number of written complaints not responded to within ten working days has declined from 21 % to less than 1 % . 
  * leakage has been reduced from 5,112 megaliters per day in 1994-95 to less than 3,281 megaliters per day in 2009-10 ( the measuring method of two companies has changed over the period , so the actual reduction is even higher ) seems like a substantial improvement to what we had . 
  ugh tilt shift . 
  we need to talk about what you guys call a castle . . 
  i could take that place with 10 men and 10 noble steeds . 
  surely can be any country with cows . . 
  [ she looks exactly like jos\u00e9 mujica , the ex president of uruguay ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uyhduqk.jpg ), 
  can confirm . 
  i spent 2 nights in budapest and i was drunk for both of them .
