  they want the euro but know that saying so is political suicide . 
  a currency union would mean they 'd have ~ 1 member out of 10 on the board of the boe . . 
  they 'd never influence policy and the remaining 9 would just band together to make sure no votes every came down to a 1 vote decider . 
  it 's a completely pointless thing to want , and it 's pointless to give . 
   so there is no reason to drop a nuke on submarine bases at all , since it does n't help you at all . 
  not all nuclear weapons are at sea all the time . 
  nuking the base reduces the arsenal to just what is at sea , which is way less than total capability . 
  there 's literally no mention of ascension island when it comes to moving our arsenal , though . 
  my theory is that the geography is wrong or it 'd just be too expensive to build something so far away . 
  on top of that you 'd need a few thousand people stationed there at all times . 
  i think there 's only 500 odd there at the moment . 
  the running costs would be astronomical . 
   i know some snp people have said if they ca n't have the pound , they wo n't take their share of the debt ... yeah right even if they do n't we can really easily absorb that debt . 
  we 've already pledged to . . 
  but that 's an awful way to start a new country and i hope they do n't do it . 
  a new currency and a a low credit rating . . that 's economic suicide . 
  i do n't recognise that the uk has been ` taken over by bankers ' . 
  i 'd love to see the evidence you have for such a claim . 
  i got on the bus this morning and i do n't remember asking a ` bankers ' permission . 
  i went and got a cup of coffee and i do n't remember asking ` bankers ' permission for that either . 
  in fact , the only time i needed a bankers permission that i can remember was when i wanted to buy a flat and they lent me the money . 
  those fucking bastards !, 
  i do n't feel very ` taken over ' . . 
  but i 'm open to being corrected . 
  we 've not been overtaken by bankers any more than denmark has been overtaken by pig farmers . 
  i 'm sure i could find evidence of their involvement in your governments policy . 
  particularly when it comes to the ethical treatment of animals . 
   the north sea oil would belong to scotland under the convention on the law of the sea . 
  actually , it 'd be something like 92 % scotlands . 
  some of it would be in english waters . 
  it has nothing to do with us . 
  we ca n't vote , so there 's no point in caring . 
  they 'll do whatever they do . 
  you ca n't glean anything more from that than you can from england , wales or ni . 
  the turnout was abysmal uk wide . 
  / r/scotland is not a good barometer for public opinion in / r/scotland . . 
  are there not laws in denmark against this kind of thing ? 
  it was n't really a world war until the biggest players in europe entered the fray . 
  then it got really world war-y when america and japan joined in . 
  are you not feeling at least a little cognitive dissonance ? 
  the exact same arguments for the uk staying in the eu can be made to argue that scotland should stay in the uk . 
  i 'm trying to figure out who the baby is . 
  is it wales ? 
  i bet it 's wales . 
  and denmark is nothing more than one big pig farm . 
  and everyone works on pig farms , farming pigs . 
  on pig farms . . stereotypes go both ways , and they often miss the point . 
  bbc often change their titles . 
  the difference is that we 're not being a dick to scotland , and we 're culturally really really alike regardless of the differences they pretend are huge issues . 
  16 % of scottish mep 's are ukip . 
  for the entire uk the number is 27 % of mep 's are ukip . 
  the scottish are generally pretty evenly split on whether to stay or leave the eu . 
  http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/if-there-were-a-referendum-on-eu-membership-tomorrow-would-you-vote-to-stay#table 40:60 to stay in the eu . 
  he should have used poland in his example . 
  it 'd have made more sense . 
  that 's a really unlikely scenario , because it would mean war . 
  he knows that ukraine has a weak hand , and he exploited that . 
   realising that the french were n't as bad as they thought . 
  but that 's impossible . 
  damn , that was 10 years ago ? 
  i remember it well . 
   we have two patriot missile systems you 're two russian sorties away from having zero patriot missile systems , though . 
  you 're honestly better having way more less capable anti air systems than two dogs bollocks ones . 
  central points of failure . 
  oh , and germany , greece and spain all have patriot missiles . . 
   estonia, 
  if that 's the army , i do n't want to see what the navy get up to . 
   because when india and pakistan was in a state of conflict us was forced to side with someone and they chose pakistan why would anyone choose pakistan !, 
  no france ? 
  i doubt we 'd get knocked out , though . 
  home advantage . 
  we 'll be playing in our climate , not someone elses . 
  france and britain has a more modern military than germany in 1939 . 
  most of germanys forces still relied on horses , although to be fair so did a lot of frances . 
  but the allies had better tanks , more men and more mechanization in general . 
  tactics was where germany had the advantage . 
  their generals were extremely talented and hitler was fond of high risk high reward plans that landed on his desk . 
  driving a huge column of tanks single file ( at times ) through the ardennes forest was an extremely high risk maneuver . 
  a few fighter planes could have put an end to that whole plan . 
  the original odd couple . 
  time to start typing english first and french second , i reckon . 
  alert the olympic comity . 
  oh god , it 's the olympics all over again . . 
  [ related ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-york-north-yorkshire-22689552 ), 
   it was bullshit that russia was rewarded for starting wwii with germany as an ally . 
  yes , it was bullshit but i think that they more than paid their dues in the resulting war . 
  the problem is that there was no real alternative that would n't have sparked ww3 . . and europe was in complete ruins with russia on a war footing with home soil advantage . 
  the entire world was war weary by the end of ww2 . 
  the political will just was n't there . . 
  if the allies had taken the proposal of ww3 with russia to their electorate they would have almost certainly been met with ` oh fuck it . 
  we 're not going to war for poland again . ', 
  especially as ` uncle joe ' had pretty decent pr up until that point as one of the key allies . 
  no one would have understood why war was needed . 
  ` so uncle joe has control of poland ? 
  why do they care ? ', 
   i do think that , if the french and the british would have thrown the kitchen sink at germany in september 1939 , that might have made a difference . 
  i think it 's well accepted that an attack on germany as soon as possible after war was declared probably would have been a swift allied victory . 
  the problem was everyone but germanys generals were getting prepared to fight the last war . 
  france and britain were digging in and getting ready for trench warfare take two . 
  and it cost the allies france and then most of europe .
