  when you 're younger you have less to lose by rocking the boat . 
  as you establish yourself in society you naturally shift to a more conservative stance to protect what you 're built for yourself . 
  show me a young conservative and i 'll show you a man with no heart . 
  show me an old liberal and i 'll show you a man with no brain . 
  well we 've got a # 12bn foreign aid budget to spend . 
  we might as well send some ukraines way , it 's really the least we could do . 
  got those figures ? 
  from a 10 minute google search it seemed to be an average of about 30 % . 
   in non-british europeans media the brits are increasingly appearing as people that either want out or want special privileges where cameron is going to tell all the europeans how to run europe . 
  cameron has been pretty clear in his intentions . 
  he wants reform of the entire eu . 
  failing that , he wants british exceptions which account to reform just for us whereby everyone else can continue doing whatever they want . 
  failing that , he wants out . 
  he 's not keen on the last option at all . 
  some might say the first two options are arrogant . 
  but who here can really say they 're 100 % happy with how the eu is working out at the moment ? 
  i wish we were n't having the vote . 
  when we vote to stay it 'll reduce our bargaining power greatly . 
  we 'd be better off not crying wolf every 20 seconds and instead saving our complaints for the things that really matter a great deal . 
  i guess you could make an argument that cameron believes that the eu 's lack of will to reform is worth threatening the diplomatic nuclear option of leaving the eu . 
  but the vote wo n't achieve that . 
  it 'll just mean the rest of the eu can go ` shut up , the british people clearly like things the way they are ' and then nothing will get done or achieved . 
  apart from it 's not , because it 's dominated by ukip . 
  if you did n't get it from my previous post , i 'm calling bullshit on your claim that you 've spoken to 10,000 brits about the eu . 
  wo n't deny that . 
  but that does n't make kippers hypocrites . 
  scottish independence and uk independence are two entirely different beasts . 
  for example , scotland does 66 % of its trade with england/wales/ni . 
  the uk does ~ 30 % of its trade with the eu . . that 's just one example of how much the arguments differ in validity . 
   i have spoken to more than 10.000 people . 
  sounds legit . 
   how about you ? 
  i do n't know . 
  20 people , maybe ? 
  it 's not . 
  what 's pusher ? 
  most people do . 
  our ability to magic # 500bn from nothing and bail out the banks saved our arses big time . 
  there 's no way the eu would have been able to react in such a decisive and extreme manner . 
  we 'd still be discussing it now . . we 'd have been fucked , and we 'd have dragged the eu down with us most likely . 
  some more food for thought . 
  had the eu acted quickly and appropriately , we 'd probably all be sitting here thanking it now . 
  going on about how wonderful the eu is and how much we owe it . 
  or if they did n't act accordingly we 'd be cursing them , and claiming it 's all their fault . 
  but we sorted it out ourselves . 
  we do n't have anyone to thank , nor anyone to blame . 
  maybe there 's a lesson to be learned there ? 
  i do n't know . 
  funnily enough , no one i 've spoken to in real life wants to leave . 
  funny how people you befriend often have common interests , is n't it ? 
  here here . 
  there 's no hypocrisy there . 
  they 're the united kingdom independence party . 
  they 're not a general independence party . 
  do n't mention ze jokes . 
  i mentioned it once , but i think i got away with it !, 
  there 's a thread for that video on here . 
  we seemingly got extremely butthurt at the germans having a little dig . 
  [ football fans around the world for the past week . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hjum6g3.gif ), 
   mind you , it 's the uk attitude putting . every . 
  . single . 
  . tiny . 
  eu decision on a grocer 's scale separately to see whether it gets more out of it than it has to give that is considered a negative . 
  literally the bare minimum governments should be doing , no ? 
   but i 'd agree that most other europeans want the uk out . 
  given how many come to work here , i really really doubt that . 
  do n't let / r/europe cloud your judgement . 
  they 're not representative of the general population of / r/europe . 
  they 're not even close . 
  yeah , i do n't get it either . 
  does n't being exempt from an ` ever closer union ' mean we can just opt out of every bit of legislation made after the moment we agree ? 
  sounds like a victory to me . 
  why do we need a veto when we 're not constrained by actually having to follow any new rules ? 
  do n't assume i wa n't a brexit just because i 'm not a hopeless optimist . 
  the idea that we 're forced or would be forced to bend to the us 's will . 
  i 'll never understand this train of thought . 
  opinion can change very quickly , mind . 
  surely if they pay their workers more , more people will want to go there to work . . 
  but that 's what you want to stop . 
  am i missing something ? 
  this is great news . 
  when will other countries wake up ? 
  you do n't win an argument by making a plea to emotion . 
  form a proper counter argument . 
   i think the problem is that the eurozone already tried to force euro-denominated business to be conducted within its jurisdiction what , so you can only so euro denominated business in the eu ? 
  where 's the logic there ? 
   while britain is already the most unequal country in the western world rip credibility, 
  we lent our own banks # 500bn . . 
  i 'd say that 's somewhat significant . 
   and then puts in place some necessary reforms * raised eyebrow *, 
  i guarantee the government will just loosen restrictions/regulations to make it even more competitive . 
  london wo n't fall . 
  not to anywhere in europe . 
  not in our life times . 
  asia and nyc are londons biggest threats . 
   the british cherry picking is honestly super arrogant . 
  can you really blame us ? 
  we got 4 opt-outs . 
  why would n't we attempt for 5 ? 
  jesus fuck no .
