   also , if uk was to lose northern ireland by republic of ireland , would uk still react in the same manner ? 
  if they had 15,000 tanks and nuclear weapons yes we probably would . 
   it 's all very well , but we still have to try and avoid global war . 
  at the end of the day if losing the crimea is the cost of avoiding all out war , it is worth it . 
  neville chamberlain , is that you ? 
  i jest , i completely agree . 
  however even if we took back the crimea by force there 'd be no world war in this day and age . 
   while usa , uk and germany are doing almost nothing . 
  the fuck are we supposed to do ? 
  start some proxy war like the olden days ? 
  would you like it if we funnelled weapons to the ukrainian protesters on the sly and have them have a go at the ridiculously well equipped russian army ? 
  hell , we can even have the 24 hour news channels broadcast their complete an perpetual slaughter . 
  or maybe we should * really * take the gloves off , skip the bullshit and just go straight to a nuclear exchange . 
   nationalists you 're talking about are just people who got rid of a very very very very very bad president and his sidekicks . 
  how bad was he ? 
  i mean , in recent revolutions i 've always had an idea that the previous government were complete assholes . 
  i 've known before the news coverage started . 
  not with ukraine . 
  i do n't buy it , to be honest . 
  yep , that 's a text book case of treason if i 've ever seen it . 
  in the end though , a bullet is a bullet . 
  hitler comparisons ? 
  he was afraid of food , and as a result he died . 
  i do n't understand why this is being turned into a benefits debate . 
  article says he had # 40 to live on a week after the benefits cut . 
  i 'm going to assume that means after housing because otherwise he 'd have been living under a bridge . 
  # 10 on electric , # 30 on food . 
  that 's more than enough to live off . 
  was he only able to eat caviar or some shit ? 
  i do n't like the way this has been framed . 
  i guess they could send latvia their strategic supply of pota - oh wait . 
   i think the best course of action right now is for ukraine to request that poland sends some troops into ukraine to help stabilize the situation , before russia invades . 
  this is how world wars start . . 
  i 've already started spreading rumours that we kept secret icbm sites in ireland . 
  if we go down , everyone goes down . 
  lol , the artist of that comic picked the wrong countries to be berating . 
  germany , fair one . 
  the uk and france both meet and exceed the 2 % of gdp recommended by nato ( read : the usa ) . . 
  well churchill at least wanted to get the usa involved asap . 
  he campaigned tirelessly even though america was extremely isolationist after ww1 . 
  chamberlain was just a bit whishy washy . 
  he was n't a strong enough leader to start a war , but the british people soon voted him out when that became apparent . 
  churchill was much better suited to war . 
  war technology is so cool . . 
  it 's a real shame that our coolest tech is meant for murder . 
   what country declares war , and then issues an ultimatum , and does nothing when more countries are invaded ? 
  a country hoping to get the usa into the fight quickly . 
  it did n't really work out , so we had a year of nothing happening . . 
  i think the brits back then more than made up for it in the end !, 
  we need a proper skirmish against europe to remind everyone that defense spending matters . . 70 years of ( relative ) peace and everyone forgets . 
   also there will be no war with russia over ukraine . 
  it 's just not going to happen unless it descedands into balkan style slaugtherfest . 
  truth . 
   even worse the action in afghanistan , iraq and syria has turned off the british public from forgien wars . 
  only wars where we 're blowing people up with tanks , planes and cruise missiles when they only have ak47 's and donkeys . 
  the british public is bored of fighting unfair fights in foreign lands , that 's all . 
  a war against russia would be supported if , like you say , it turned into a bloodbath . 
   are you smoking something ? 
  the british army is incapable of fighting independently let alone against russia . 
  not only that but we are in the middle of austerity and military reorganisation . 
  all that would be halted and money would be poured into the armed forces if war ( unbelievably ) broke out . 
  we 'd just borrow borrow borrow like we did last time . 
  money has next to no meaning when you 're looking at a war on the scale we 're talking here . 
  we all have nukes though , so i do n't really see how war can ever actually break out without everyone dying . 
   churchill even sold poland to the ussr behind the iron curtain even though roosevelt explicitly did not want to happen during the yalta conference . 
  did you read the wiki you linked to . 
  it 's explained why churchill had to give up the fight for poland . 
   max hastings states that churchill urged roosevelt to continue armed conflict in europe in 1945 - but carried out against the soviet union , to prevent the ussr from extending its control west of its own borders . 
  [ 5 ] roosevelt apparently trusted stalin 's assurances , and he was unwilling to support churchill in ensuring the liberation of all of central and eastern europe west of the ussr . 
  without american backing , the united kingdom , with its strength exhausted by six years of war , was unable to take any military actions in that part of europe . 
  pointless metric since there 's no central command structure in place . 
  even though russia spends less their central command structure almost certainly makes them a more effective force . 
  i think france , uk , germany and italy could probably work together reasonably well though . 
  and if every other countries military does n't mind being following orders from those foreign nations then it might be more effective . 
  if it 's just the 4 big guns of the eu working together than then the other 23 just doing their own thing then they 'll get steamrolled by a force like russia . 
   poland and estonia are the only european nato members that are fulfilling 2 % ( gdp ) requirements on military spendings . 
  what a load of shit . 
  we 're at 2.5 % . . plus 2 % of nothing is fuck all anyway . 
   europe is becoming very large and there is no real basis for special conditions anymore . 
  just did the maths . 
  france , germany and italy on their own are richer than every other eu country put together by about 1.5 trillion dollars . 
  they do n't need the uk to be a huge influence in europe . 
  but if the majority ( not sure if it is a majority ) of people who live in a specific area inside a country wish to be part of another country , who is to say they ca n't be ? 
  is n't that self determination ? 
  they smell the oil they 're sitting on . 
  it boils down to : economic union = good . 
  political union = bad . 
  the specifics of which do n't really matter to me . 
  i value political sovereignty highly , although i think the economic union will be more important in the long term . 
  the federal pipe dream , mostly . 
  i do n't even want that on the table and i do n't want any money to be allocated to further that cause . 
  she sounds so much softer speaking english . 
   a hypothetical federal europe could work without the uk as a member , but britain would still be their most important ally after the us . 
  in some ways , they 'd probably be even more important . 
  it seems to me that it 's beneficial to the eu as a whole to have a well armed unaffiliated ally just off the coast who is still part of the eea but not part of the eu . 
  we 'd be able to unilaterally act in the interest of the eea/eu to the benefit of the eu even when the eu ca n't decide on action to take or ca n't respond in a timely manner . 
  my head is going to war because i think the future is extremely uncertain . 
  as we start running out of resources on the planet i think we 'll start seeing the emerging megastates throwing their weight around to get what they want . 
  why ca n't we just wind back the eu to be just a common market ? 
  in the future , money will talk .
