  clearly the soviets spilled the most blood , but blood does n't win wars . 
  it was teamwork . 
   the us played a larger indirect role in the conflict than most people give us credit for . 
  lend-lease was important to both the uk and ussr before the us had even entered the war . 
  does anyone really doubt the importance of lend lease ? 
   germany was ahead of them or at the same sort of point in bomb development at the time what are you talking about ? 
  germany was nowhere near making a nuclear bomb . 
  they did small scale experiments mostly to do with nuclear power . 
  did you know who he was ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/putin,_russia_and_the_west that 's a superior documentary if anyone 's interested . 
  reward for living in a fucking desert for millennia , i guess . 
  as someone who is fucking useless at learning languages , this makes me sad . 
  ww1 was n't fought in germany . 
  nothing to rebuilt , really . 
  just the economy . 
  the economic prosperity under hitler was entirely smoke and mirrors . 
  nazi germany was one of the greatest examples of a military industrial complex that 's ever existed . 
  without war , the economy would crumble . 
  germany after ww2 had a huge amount of help from the usa . . eastern germany was run by the soviets and communism , the west by americans/the west and democracy . 
  we all collectively had to make sure that western germany succeeded in an attempt to stamp out communism . 
  it was imperative to our ideals . 
  it was n't all done under their own steam . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  but it still makes me feel uneasy relying on us tech . 
  plus there 's been [ stories like this ] ( http://www.engadget.com/2014/05/16/nsa-bugged-cisco-routers/ ) recently . 
  i know a nuclear missile platform will go through more stringent checks than some cisco router , but it does make you wonder . 
  ~ 5 % of the uk is built on . 
  i think we 'll be alright upping that to 10 % so that people can actually afford a house to live in and not be reduced to living in fucking garages . 
   allow tall buildings fuck that noise . 
  just expand outwards . 
  no reason to go back to high rises again . . 
  they 're awful to live in and look at . 
  ideally we 'd be creating a new town/city every decade or so to keep up with demand . 
  offer financial incentives for businesses to set up shop there . 
  their d-day was 4 years long and cost 20m people odd . 
  thanks obama !, 
  i knew there was a reason this looked really strange . 
  my instinct was ` do n't touch her . . ', 
  oh man , biggest laugh of the day from reddit . 
  putin internal monologue : ' ... help ! ', 
   the problem with shish and other related dishes is that customers rarely order them . 
  i just do n't think that 's true . 
  probably more true of kofta , but not shish . 
  only france has a truly independent nuclear deterrent , though . 
  we bought our missiles from the usa and i 'm not convinced they do n't include a kill switch somewhere . 
   french intervention in northern africa surely a bad example to give . 
  they 're doing really well in mali . 
  could n't go 20 feet in budapest without some guy offering us a kebab from a hole in the wall , haha . 
  they were n't as good as i expected , considering how many there were . 
  had better here in the uk , that 's for sure . 
  almost everywhere that does doner in the uk will also do shish . 
  i 've never even been to a kebab shop that did n't offer shish . . 
  i 'm reluctant to say every kebab house offers it though . 
  although it 's got to be damn near every one . 
  shish is the only kebab worth eating . 
  do you have a better example you can give ? 
  because it seems to me that 's not a good example at all . 
  opt outs are something every country has in one form or another . 
  but it 's gone ahead and the vast majority of countries are signatories . 
   hell , even if any of those countries said , ` if they leave then we 'll leave , ' that would up the ante . 
  that requires a backbone . 
   playing contrarian is a healthy thing that every democracy needs , sabotaging the goals of the majority by non-democratic means ( imposing the will of one council member state over the results of a continent-wide elections ) is just crossing a line . 
  can i get some examples of us ` sabotaging the goals of the majority ' , juncker issue excluded . 
  it 's nice that vice has recognised scottish independence early , haha . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cold_war_ ( tv_series ), 
  change = destruction ? 
  i 'm not discussing an exit , though . 
  i 'd rather we just kept things as is . 
  no further progression towards a federal europe . 
  i was n't talking about the schengen area . 
  i mean i can go live and work in any eu country if i feel like it without jumping through hoops like everywhere else in the world . 
  that 's free movement to me . 
  having to show my passport is of no consequence . 
   it is quite simple . 
  the eu will fk the brits over so bad that no other country will ever dream of abandoning the eu project . 
  haha , if true we 're better off outside . 
  sounds a lot like an abusive relationship . 
   the uk being locked out of the single market that would make no sense . 
  loads of eu countries would be really pissed that they 'd also been locked out of a $ 2tn + market . 
  as will most european countries . 
   what makes you think that china will `` likely break up '' ? 
  just because it 's big ? 
  i thought i made it pretty clear that i was talking about population , not landmass . 
   do you think the usa is worse at representing its people than slovenia is ? 
  well the us government seems to be doing a pretty piss poor job , yes . 
  i really do n't know anything about slovenia , so i ca n't comment on if their government is doing a worse job . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that they 're not . 
  did he campaign on this policy then ? 
  did the italian voters know this was his opinion and plan ? 
  #rekt one of the best burns in parliament , imo . 
  fantastically written and executed . 
  sounds fair . 
  i 'm not bashing the usa . 
  there 's no real proof that india/china can progress much more with such large populations . 
  i actually think all the mega states such as china and india will likely break up into separate countries at some point with more manageable populations . 
  100-300m population states . 
  i do n't think a government can accurately represent that many people , which is also why i do n't believe in a federal europe . 
  i do n't want to be 1 in 700 million when it comes to decision making . 
  i 'd much rather be 1 in 60-70 million . 
  italy has the largest euroskeptic party in europe .
