  that 'd backfire spectacularly . 
  if you could see my facebook news feed already you 'd see that people already have the misguided idea that immigrants are stealing council houses and benefits . . 
  it 'd be ten times worse , and their stupid shared facebook pics would actually be correct . 
  not worth it . 
  and fuck off with this ` locked in a country ' shit . 
  they 're locked in a first world european country . 
  how fucking awful for them . 
  if they do n't like it , they can go back to their war torn country if they want . 
  this is literally charity . 
  they can take it , or they can fuck off . 
  that 'd be idea for the netherlands , because that 's not going to be in the forefront of refugees minds . 
  uk , france , germany . . 
  they 'll be the ones they pick . 
   bought some properties in london . 
  i think you were going to be alright regardless if that was an option for you . 
  you have it better than about 95 % of the uk , lol . 
   greece has best seals in the europe sbs disagrees . 
  that 's understandable . 
  that 's a political nightmare . 
  one french person is hit by one of our police or something and it 's an international incident . 
  we should offer money . 
  house doe ... 
  private eye is the same . . goofy front cover , but damn near unreadable it 's so high brow . 
  they do n't just want better , though . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bca8fcctmsq he says he wants a house and a car , and he thinks he can get those things in europe . 
  shit , most brits do n't manage that . 
  desperation does n't help , mind . 
  fuck this shit . 
  i 'm not letting denmark get away with having their own ukip without them getting shat on like we were ... and ukip only got 13 % of the vote in the uk . 
  same with sweden . 
  they do n't catch nearly as much flack for sd as we did for ukip even though sd got more votes , and sd had some policies that were way beyond anything ukip were proposing . 
  say what you like about fptp , but it does lend its self to only allowing center left and center right parties to have any actual power . 
  keeps the crazies on each side away from making laws , or blocking laws . . 
  so yeah , i 'm on the fence about fptp . 
  i was annoyed after the election , but i 'm now thinking a bit more clearly . 
  do i really want ukip and the greens having ~ 15 % of seats in the commons ? 
  no , not really . 
  do i think this is democratic ? 
  no , not really . 
  do i think democracy is the perfect form of governance ? 
  no , not really . 
  it 's entirely possible that this unfair system still results in better governance . 
  the jury is out , imo . 
  you missed out the snp . 
  it 's not based on facts . 
  they 've been sold a dream . 
  they were sold the dream of continental europe initially , then when the streets were n't paved with gold they had to move onto the next dream . 
  maybe we should start rumours that everyone gets a free house and car in iceland ? 
  they spent all their money on the mediterranean sea crossing . 
  no more money to give smugglers , so they just sit in calais shitting it up . 
  we should be monetarily supporting the calais police force , imo . 
  if we do n't i can easily see france tearing up the le touquet treaty and then this turns into our problem pretty darn quickly . 
  i do n't know how our country would react to these kind of scenes on british soil . . 
  gchq report to him . 
  yeah , this is a bbc report . . http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p02gkbls i mean , fucking hell . 
  that 's the bbc !, 
  i agree with david cameron on this . 
  i think people are in a bit of denial . 
  not really . 
  lets say we have : one 20 year old liberal one 40 year old conservative one 60 year old conservative so lets add another generation : one 20 year old liberal one 40 year old liberal one 60 year old conservative one 80 year old conservative now lets add another generation : one 20 year old liberal one 40 year old liberal one 60 year old liberal one 80 year old conservative one 100 year old conservative so this makes no sense unless you think being old makes you become conservative . 
   the idea to unify taxes to combat tax avoidance derives from the lax rules around localization of profit , which are hard to fix in a common market . 
  we 've managed : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/google_tax maybe we veto 'd it because it 's not something that the eu needs to get involved in ? 
   must be all the old people . 
  that makes no sense . 
  lmao , that 'd never get said by either of the two main parties here in the uk . 
  that 's ukip territory . 
  calling bullshit on them being the equivalent of our left wing . . 
  power stance !, 
  tesla has made a usable electric car that people actually want . . 
  it 's like what apple did with the mp3 player . 
  that 's not really true . 
  osbourne has probably done more to combat tax avoidance/evasion in his 5 years than labour did with their 13 years . . 
  the tories like the idea of lower taxes . 
  they do n't like the idea of simply not paying the taxes you 're meant to . 
  is that true of our weird whateverthefucktheyares like the isle of man and gibraltar ? 
  to be fair , that 's an equally important issue . 
  2,300,000 americans in jail should be a much much biggest scandal than it is . 
  this is quality banter . 
  the reviews make it . 
  yadda yadda , victim blaming . 
  whatever . 
  unless you 're attempting to argue that most men ca n't overpower most women then your comment is completely off topic . 
  my comment was on the attitude towards male rape by men . 
  it was n't appropriating any blame , it was theorizing why attitudes differ so much between sexes . 
  i was talking in generalities , and was well within my right to do so . 
  we 're getting the band back together !, 
  it 's sad and funny in equal measure . 
  on one hand , i do n't like seeing happiness that i know is going to turn to sadness . 
  on the other hand , they 're in france ffs . 
  it 's not like they were escaping civil war . 
  jez is pretty useless , though . 
  jerry in seinfeld was n't . 
  he was the wise cracker who was seemingly always on top of things . 
  you 'd never see jerry decide to eat a dog in front of its owners , for example . 
  plus the first person view is pretty unique , and the humour is cringe over standard observational . 
  it 's as good as seinfeld though , imo . 
  later this year , apparently . 
  so hyped . 
  it 's been too long . 
  iirc , this is the last series . 
  should be interesting to see how it ends .
