  show me . 
   if you look at demographics , according to the un , the uk 's population is supposed to grow by 24 % by 2100 , germany 's is supposed to shrink by 31 % . 
  predictions that far into the future are absurd . 
  we genuinely need fuck happy immigrants to pull off this plan for eu domination . 
  i always thought a monolithic dome would be a cool solution . 
  not sure if there 's size constraints , though . 
  i 'm just going to throw out words . . blonde , skinny , quiet . 
   the press in sweden might be free but it 's very tainted by leftwing journalists and then we should ask the question how objective they are . 
  that 's not anything to do with having a free press . 
   by the end of the battle it was clear britain was producing enough planes and pilots such that eventually the raf would outstrip the luftwaffe . 
  then germany decided to invade russia . 
  you know you 've won when your opponent decides to start a winter war with russia instead . 
  i think it means the british government was the only opposition left standing for a while . 
  aka , the british government were footing the entire bill for a bit . 
   there were french soldiers in the uk as well . 
  plus de gaulle basically said ` fuck france . 
  i 'm going to make my own france . . with colonies . 
  and courage ! ', 
  horrible histories is pretty great . 
  irish neutrality was never going to stop germany if they thought they could realistically pull off an invasion of ireland . 
   although , i know when we sent our challenger 1 tanks to iraq in the first gulf war , they destroyed over 300 ( russian made ) iraqi tanks without suffering a single loss . 
  just googled that because it seemed like an unbelievable k :d , but it was true . 
  also , a challenger 1 holds the record for longest range tank kill . 
  5,100 meters . 
  that 'd have to sting . 
  it 's hard enough extracting oil and that literally flows from the holes once they 're drilled . 
  i 'm not sure mining ore from under the oceans is going to be a reality for many many years . 
  way beyond our lifetimes . 
  maybe . 
  i have no idea , but is deep water mining as easy as just finding it 10 feet under soil like china currently does ? 
  fook , # 100k each haha . 
  i guess that 's a bargain in the grand scheme of things as the troop carrier things costs several times that . 
  kinda like palestine vs israel . 
  hezbollah fires $ 1000 rocket at israel , israel fires 3 rockets worth # 40k each to disable it . 
  net gain . 
  because there 's only 300k people there , next to no natural resources and 3-d printing is in its infancy and slow as hell . 
  we 're better mates with the yanks . 
  plus that would probably require running the cable through russia and that seems like a bad idea . 
  i 'd rather go through nice neutral ocean . 
  it seems to me that that best possible scenario would be a transatlantic electricity swap . 
  it 'd be ridiculously expensive though , i guess . 
  but it 'd be perfect in terms of us using power when the yanks are asleep and vice versa . 
  but seriously , why ca n't we do that ? 
  edit : [ answer ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17694215 ) , we can ... and are trying . 
  apparently . 
  beans without toast . 
  tuna pasta seems like a relatively cheap and popular meal here . 
  also has some pretty good macros . 
  ingredients : couple of tablespoons of mayonnaise cracked pepper can of tuna , water squeezed out . 
  pasta some tinned sweetcorn instructions : combine . 
  baked beans are n't the same as canned beans . 
  canned beans can pretty much mean any bean , in a can . 
  look for heinz . 
  means . 
  [ i share david mitchells opinion when it comes to god and god in society . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa85lvmqg0m ) as long as it stays out of government , i do n't give a damn . 
  which is probably ironic as we 're the few countries in europe to have a state religion . 
  why kick a bees nest when you do n't need to ? 
  if this was akadakbergistan moving against muhamadamamdambad then sure , the us might be throwing its weight around a bit more . 
  but russia with thousands of nuclear weapons , moving against a non nato country . . not worth the risk . 
  why do you think iran want a nuke so bad ? 
  it 's basically a get out of jail free card with america . 
  yeah , seriously . 
  russia does n't fuck about . 
  makes you wonder what a real war ( modern vs modern , competent vs competent ) would look like today . 
  well , hitler brought peace to the continent . 
  i mean it was n't his goal , but it was the result of his actions . 
  2.5 % minimum , imo . 
  that 's the nato advisory . 
   germany would be happy to stand up for europe where on earth did you get that idea ? 
  germany has been extremely placid and come under a lot of fire for doing fuck all about the ukraine situation . 
  as a country , they 're established pacifists now . 
  the idea that they 'd want to take the reign militarily is not something i 've seen any evidence of . 
  there 'll never be a coherent eu foreign policy . . too many conflicts of interest . 
  too much history . 
  without that , no superpower status . 
   not that russia is a superpower but the eu now ca n't really do shit . 
  eu countries do not need the okay from brussels to go to war or partake in military action . 
  if we actually wanted to do anything , we would have . 
  we could have banded together . . we do n't * need * the eu to tell us . 
  plus , with the eu sanctioning military action you run the risk of militarily insignificant countries dragging militarily significant countries into war . 
  which seems like bullshit to me . 
  1 for teen pregnancy and obesity in europe . 
  woooooo . 
  so our women are fat , but on the plus side they put out . 
   usa  one country where the 50 component parts ( not including territories ) have huge levels of autonomy and independence . 
   eu  28 countries which have huge levels of integration and pooled sovereignty . 
  i swear this is the wrong way around . 
  the us states are way more integrated than eu countries . 
  no unified an coherent foreign policy . 
  the eu ca n't be a genuine superpower without that . . 
  wait until they 're almost all dead , then offer compensation . 
  it 's cheap and it looks good . 
  easily political points scored . 
   why do you think argentina invaded the falklands that example , at least , is wrong . 
  no one knew there was oil there at the time . 
  it was mostly just the junta trying to rally their nationalists . 
  i agree with your point on the whole , though . 
  maybe they 're banking on a population correction ? 
  over a billion people in a single country is too many .
