  whatever . 
  no it is n't . 
  only about 1/3rd of it is his nan impression . 
  2/3rds are about how political correctness is generally a good thing , and has improved society . 
   nobody here is confusing political correctness with health and safety regulations . 
  that 's not even his main point . 
  [ it 's political correctness gone mad , stew . . ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99s19hbs-6a ), 
  is it normal for dutch people to just say a phrase randomly in english ? 
  they said ` we asked for the news , not the weather ' at 1:45 . 
  if you 're hoping that a ` stay ' vote will mean we 'll fall in line and do as we 're told , you 're sadly mistaken . 
  it shows that you 're not british , because if you were you 'd realise the new student loan system is far superior to what it was . 
  the fact you do n't pay anything back until you earn over 22,500 a year is a huge improvement , as it used to be set at something like 13,000 . 
  basically , the only time you 'll notice the student loan is when you 're doing better than a huge amount of the population . 
  zero inflation is not good , but it 's not awful either . 
  it 's just ... meh . 
  ideally we 'd like to see 1 or 2 percent . 
  yeah , i think this is the first time i 've heard someone high up in a bank say that the eu is n't all that . 
  it 's strange enough that i thought ` huh , well look at that . ', 
  when i read the headline . 
  trump is such a fucking bantersaurus . 
  taxes that go out via paye are still the employees taxes . 
  you ca n't really say facebook is paying those taxes . 
  i mean , they are technically . . 
  but they are n't . 
  however if you 're a multinational it 's very easy to structure your business so that you make zero profit in the high tax countries , and shit loads in the low tax countries . . that 's why looking at profit alone is bullshit , because within reason it can be manipulated to be whatever they want . 
  you 've just got to ask yourself , do you really think facebook is operating on such thin margins that they make # 25,000 profit on # 105m of revenue ? 
  because i do n't . 
  and i 'd say the fact that they reported $ 2.94 bn of profit last year to their shareholders indicates that maybe they 're playing silly buggers with their accounts . 
  we now have a ` diverted profits tax ' to deal with this , so it should be interesting to see how much profit facebook uk reports for this financial year . 
  the diverted profits tax has absolutely nothing to do with technology , online selling , or anything like that . 
  it 's for any company that tries to divert profits outside of the country so they do n't have to pay corporation tax . 
  it applies to brick and mortar businesses just as much as online ones . 
  pretty sure osbornes ` diverted profits tax ' came into effect this year . 
  if they try and pull this shit again this year , they 'll be a prime target for an audit . 
  facebook made $ 2.94 billion profit last year . 
  there 's no way the uk 's share of that profit was a measly 25,000 quid . . we 're the 5th biggest economy in the world . 
  how is london a tax haven ? 
  not really much to do , though . 
  not much variety . 
  the lady 's not for turning !, 
  unless you think she should turn , in which case she will turn . 
  and if you want to give any advise on how many degrees she should turn , she 's open to suggestions . 
  but rooney has been really good this seasons , 
  nah , we 've got a strong team this time !, 
  i 'll tell you what 's going on . . 
  it 's coming home , lads . 
  watching the video in that article ... 
  religious fsa fighting with american weapons . 
  russia supporting a struggling secular allied dictator . 
  the parallels with the soviet-afghan war ca n't be ignored . 
  a camp dragon , though . 
  an absolute banger of a flag . 
  can i see it ? 
  at this time of year , at this time of day , in this part of the country , localized entirely within your kitchen ? 
  there 's basically no chance it 'll be anyone other than osborne , assuming the economy does n't shit itself . 
  psh , what would it think [ of this ... ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/the+magic+roundabout,+swindon+sn1+2ea/@51.5628742,-1.7713839,106m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x4871444acffa3da5:0x586d14ab6c0548c1 ), 
  us bankruptcy laws are great for business . 
  it 's pretty crazy we have n't emulated them . 
  failure should n't be penalized as much as it is in most european countries . 
  basically , the us system = if at first you do n't succeed , try and try again . 
  british system = if at first you do n't succeed , you had your fucking shot you spack . 
  maybe there 's no specific law , but surely judges and juries do n't look kindly to it and will be more likely to look for the maximum sentences . 
  that 's what happens over here . 
  people quoting gordon brown . 
  well i never . 
  they 're all chapter 11 's . 
  that does n't mean you walk away from your debt , it means that the people you owe money to are temporarily prohibited for going after you while you raise funds to pay them . 
  often companies who file for chapter 11 sell assets to get the money , but that takes time . 
  it 's not the same as going broke . 
  it does show that he 's not great at running a business . 
  yes we can . 
  cameron really is n't that bad . 
  he 's just a tory , and therefore everyone on the internet thinks he 's literally hitler . 
  trump only does bankruptcy lite , no ? 
  he 's never broke , and he 's still wildly successful . 
  sometimes his obligations just outstrip his liquidity . 
  nowhere near as amusing as boris johnson . 
  if theresa may is chosen over osborne to be new tory leader i think i 'll just give up on politics all together . 
  may vs corbyn . 
  what hope would there be ? 
  this is news how , exactly ? 
  of course they do . 
  it 's like saying the sky is blue . 
  should just be on as default . 
  yeah , it 's a res feature . 
  puts a number next to their name that shows their combined score of downvotes/upvotes . 
  he 's on -3 from me . 
  given that i almost never downvote , and rarely see anyone with a minus number next to their name then i guess i do n't like his posts much . 
  having money does n't make you a race car driver . . who knew ? 
  i 've said it before , and i 'll say it again . . 
  i do n't mind refugees as long as effort is put into doing it right . 
  * only taken from refugee camps * spread out evenly around the country , and forced to live in a given area for the first 5 years of their refugee status . 
  we could easily take in 50,000 a year with those kind of policies in place , and integration would n't be nearly as much as a problem as they 'd be forced to integrate through necessity . 
  take away their ability to ghetto themselves into isolation , and you remove a lot of the potential social problems that come with immigration of any kind . 
  they ruined scotland !, 
  essentially is boils down to the fact that a lot of the country feel we 're paying through the nose for quantifiable bad stuff , and unquantifiable good stuff . 
  the alleged bad parts of the eu are very easy to point at . 
  the alleged good parts , not so much . 
  aka , ` pulling a scotland ' . . 
  all our influence comes from being paired up with geopolitical powerhouses such as latvia and bulgaria .
