  m5s for 25.5 % of the votes in the 2013 general election . 
  i do n't think one man speaks for italy in its entirety . 
  just like when david cameron decides to say some shit , it does n't mean we all agree with him . 
  honestly , that 'd change dramatically if there was any real move towards federalization . 
   currently they are the only significant eurosceptic nation in the union have you been living under a rock for the past few weeks ? 
  check the european election results . 
  france is just as euroskeptic as us . 
  any concrete move towards a federal europe would shift me squarely from the ` stay ' camp to the ` leave ' camp . 
  i have no interest in having my country dominated by a majority who i have very little in common with . 
  i ca n't even speak the same languages as they do . . free trade and free movement = good . . leave it at that . 
  why spoil a good thing ? 
  small population countries generally seem to support federalization because it makes them more relevant on the world stage . 
  bigger population countries like france , germany , uk , italy , spain ... 
  they do n't give a fuck . 
  they 're already relevant enough to have some clout on the world stage . 
  why mess that up by giving a bunch of tiny countries a say in how we do business with the rest of the world ? 
  what the hell does that have to do with what i said ? 
  also , i 'd be money on you being romanian . 
  you guys are just so confrontational towards us brits on here . 
  stands out like a sore thumb . 
  flair up so i can find out if i 'm right . 
   if `` we '' you mean the us and uk , sure i meant the allies as a whole . 
  we 're spending almost double that to fill one of our new carriers with airplanes . 
  a billion euros is fuck all . 
  a billiion dollars is even less . 
  it 's a pr/political move . 
  it 's not actually useful . 
  problem is , you ca n't fully rely on other countries . 
  if part of your military relies on a part of another countries military , there 's a clear and obvious point of attack . 
  we worked together pretty well during ww2 . 
  when a real threat emerges , needs must . 
  european expansion pack . 
  no one cares if you do it . 
  they only care if you 're a lot better at it than them . 
  nothing related to me comes up for my name because i 've practised decent opsec since i was about 14 . 
  i keep my online and real life identities very separate . 
  you can probably get which town i live in via reddit comments , but that 'll be about it . 
  you get a day off for her birthday ?!, 
  * grumble grumble *, 
  oh yeah , good point . 
  seems likely to me . 
  if it ever took the proper leap to federalism there 's be individual referendums in every member country . 
  the eu would likely lose over half of its members out of principle . 
  i do n't believe that the eu will be able to overcome a millennia of history to unite europe as a federation . 
  it 's a pipe dream and a laughable one at that . 
  particularly us . 
  we 're taught from an early age about our history and how we 've fended off various invaders . . we 're not going to walk straight into being run by countries we , generally , do n't give a fuck about . 
  [ this explains it pretty well . . ] ( http://www.veoh.com/watch/v25177726qgywn5pc?h1=yes+minister+s1e5-european+union ), 
  weddings , jubilees , etc. 
  more often than every 30 years for sure . 
   no , absolutely not . 
  if you want to be in the common market , you have to get the whole package , no pick and choose . 
  why ? 
   it 's often the case name one time where that was the case . 
  you 're so full of shit . 
  butthurt romanians on / r/europe are the best . 
  do n't look a gift horse in the mouth . . 
  see , this is what republics/federations do n't get . . monarchies are great for getting days off work to get drunk . 
  they managed to vote in a ukip mep . . 
  i 'm not convinced they 're as ` liberal ' as they claim . 
  especially given that the party currently in power is a nationalist party . 
  i think they should have the choice , i just do n't think they should vote to leave . 
  i do n't think anyone 's against scotland having the referendum . 
  no need to be a cunt about it . 
  that ` sthejoke.jpg, 
  just generally , or ? 
  psh , the political will was n't there to slaughter a bunch of icelanders because we like fish . 
  total war scenario ( as it should have been !, 
  i really like cod ) we would have wrecked them good 'n proper . 
  conservative went from 27.3 % in 2009 to 23.9 % in 2014 . 
  that 's really not a bad result . 
  the problem was that the lib dems got their shit wrecked . 
  seems to me that the lib dem votes went to labour , some of the labour votes went to the conservatives and some of the conservative votes went to ukip . 
  and a bunch of people who 'd never voted before also went for ukip . 
  it was always going to happen with that title . 
  i 'd feel really weird not holding my own umbrella . 
  haha . 
  how about that !, 
  maybe speed things up a bit ? 
  why bother ? 
  i 'm part of that 65 % and it had nothing to do with apathy . 
  i did 1-2 hours of research during my lunch break about all the candidates in my area and they were all shit and did n't deserve my vote . 
  either anti nuclear or pro financial transaction tax . 
  the only people who liked nuclear and hated the financial transaction tax were ukip and i could n't in good conscious vote for them . 
  where 's the hugo boss ? 
  large european wide infrastructure project ? 
  a high speed rail network between countries ? 
  that 'd be cool and would employ a ton of people in each country . 
  i 'm wondering if we could limit immigration on the per capita gdp of each country . 
  for you to get free movement your countries gdp must be at least 2/3rds of the destination countries . 
  this would stop the brain drain on poor countries entering the eu and would limit the influx of cheap labour into the established economies of the eu . 
  maybe a happy compromise ? 
  have n't we collectively done well . . * sigh * honestly , this is all just a protest at the eu itself . 
  if there were a centre party that was staunchly anti-eu i 'd bet decent money that they 'd be in those seats right now . 
  this is the result of a lack of parties willing to listen to their people and adjust policy accordingly . 
  as a result people have been forced to vote for shitstain parties who are the only ones brave enough to say what people want to hear in regards to the eu . 
  i do n't believe there 's much of an increase in racism , or far right ideals . 
   anti-homosexual homophobic . 
  lib dems committed a spectacular political suicide with the tuition fee nonsense . 
  tbh , their decision to pursue av over student fees showed they 're not competent to run a country .
