  lol , and david cameron got bitched out in the media for saying they 've been swarming police and lorries . 
  looks like a swarm to me . 
  silly politically correct bullshit . 
  does nothing to progress the conversation . 
  that 's a shit ton of people . 
   brighton also surely ? 
  tomorrow in brighton you 'll get teased if you 're not gay . 
  i 'm putting on eyeliner just to go to asda to try and blend in a bit . 
  kidding , of course . 
  pride is the best day of the year in brighton . 
  everything 's fabulous . 
  there 's been a rainbow flag hanging from a church for a few days near me . 
  i find it real hard to believe 20 % of people want the euro in the uk . 
  i imagine it 's much lower . 
  there 's an independent commission that picks lords . 
  they kind of are , actually . 
  maybe france will pull some ex colonial strings ? 
  allow them to be sent to an african country they 're friendly with . 
  mali owes them a favour . 
  basically the australia tactic . 
  dump them in a friendly and safe african country that agrees , and then let them loose basically . 
  odds are they 'll make their own way back to their home country to be with their families . 
  offer help , if needs be . 
  any individual submissions deleted for being related to immigration should be added to the original post by the mod that deleted them . 
  we did n't get an update for 2 days in the last thread . 
  at least convincingly pretend this thread is for the purpose you say it is . 
  anyway , what do people think of this : [ calais crisis : new deal to send migrants home to africa ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11769123/calais-crisis-new-deal-to-send-migrants-home-to-africa.html ) ( open in incognito ) think it 'll actually happen ? 
  seems like mays pipe dream . 
  france pls . 
  pls france !, 
  incredibly impressive , imo . 
  well done ireland . 
  looks like i 'm unbannned now . 
  no information on why i was banned or unbanned . 
  lmao at leaving out the third biggest party , the snp . . 
  counter terrorists win . 
  yeah , but then they ca n't force their beliefs on 412,783 people . 
  pointless . 
  no one is reading the mega thread , other than to complain . 
  check the megathread . 
  this thread has been deleted , but not added to the megathread . 
  that 's how pointless the megathread is . 
  it 's just an excuse to delete all threads on a given topic they do n't like , and if you think otherwise you 're a naive fool . 
  i just posted a thread about a new deal with france to send the calais migrants back to africa . 
  a huge development , and it got deleted . 
  i check the megathread , and it 's not added . 
  these mods are so shite . 
  old as fuck video , to be fair . 
  that would n't warrant a submission and does n't warrant posting in this thread . 
  mods are literally brain dead . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules there 's no rule about the megathread . 
  they have a duty to their subscribers . 
  they 're not meant to be gate keepers , they 're meant to be gate maintainers . 
  this is a substantial change in the situation , not some fodder . 
  also , i 'm ignoring the megathread . 
  it 's a fucking dumb idea , and the mods on this subreddit are some of the most incompetent on reddit . 
  accepting gifts from isis is probably even worse a crime . 
  edit : just editing to show the quality of modding on this sub : https://i.imgur.com/loateiu.png edit2 : and just for / u/mokittheomniscient who thinks i faked it , here 's some more evidence : https://vid.me/e/vtuu, 
  possibly . 
  it 'd not be seen that way , though . 
  lol , his teeth look fucking ridiculous . 
  can you two not read up on me , please . 
  pretty sure we 're denying refuge to everyone equally . 
  if we only let in christians we 'd get shat on for that . 
  mods , just posting to remind you that this is a fucking stupid idea . 
  hth, 
  it 's bacon cheese . 
  what 's not to like !, 
   as anybody who does science knows , new discoveries usually follow ** three ** simple words : `` that 's weird . . '' am i missing a joke ? 
  camp dragon , though . 
  a 1 in 125 chance of surviving that campaign . 
  that blows goats . 
  it 's very strange . 
  it should be common sense that you ca n't have a comprehensive welfare state with open boarders . 
  people will take advantage . 
  but apparently not to the left . 
   i tend to agree . 
  the concept does n't make any sense and there is just too much bullshit in the same avenue of `` inventor makes world overturning discovery in his garage '' . 
  generally , though , those are never independently tested . . and certainly not independently tested by nasa . 
  i 'm cautiously optimistic . 
  i love that it looks like it was made from meccano in a shed . 
  will be interesting to see if this pans out . 
  we 're goldfish . 
  we vote in labour because we want nice shit , but then nice shit costs money and labour buy too much nice shit until we ca n't afford essential shit . 
  so we vote in tories to fix the mess , and they take away all our nice shit because we could n't afford it . 
  so we call the tories bastards . 
  eventually the economies going well again and we want nice shit , so we vote in labour . 
  rinse repeat , until the end of time . 
  as someone with a remortgage coming up this time next year , no please . 
  third quarter would be ideal . 
  this is growth despite poor eu performance , not thanks to it . 
  if the eu was doing better , we 'd be doing even better . 
  it 's been an anti-tory circlejerk for as long as i can remember . 
  just call them out on it . 
  take the downvotes on the chin . 
  someone has to . 
  [ here 's me getting downvoted to -30 for saying that the communists coming out in support of corbyn probably wo n't help his popularity . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/3enf3a/jeremy_corbyn_on_the_andrew_marr_show/ctgm7pi ) comments of note : everyone who was trying to promote communism . 
   yeah it 's extremely frustrating and why i never use that subreddit anymore . 
  the entire place is a left-wing circlejerk where anything regarding the tories is bad and anything regarding labour or the greens is good .
