  then after some guestimation ( actual terminology used ) they extrapolate again using population . 
  1 camera to 14 people . 
  so entire population of the uk / 14 . 
  they got all this from counting the amount of cameras on one street in london . 
  for example it 's like counting the amount of cctv cameras in bloomingdales , nyc and deriving the amount of cctv cameras in a personal injury lawyers practice in abbott , texas . 
  as i said , junk statistics . 
  arg , even worse . 
  anecdotal . 
  what figures are you using ? 
  ( in b4 junk statistics figures ) i mean , realistically since they have a population of billions they will have less . 
  but i still think you 're probably using crappy statistics . 
   so they do n't want to work with anyone else ? 
  i really wonder what their political goals are because they obviously ca n't win the majority all by themselves . 
  heh , familiar . 
   '' stunning revelations '' aside , i 'd estimate that good citizens of united kingdom firmly hold the title of most watched populace in whole wide world . 
  pretty absurd statement considering china and north korea exist . 
  yeeaaah , no one buys that dave . 
  it 's because qi is n't as silly as the rest . 
  he shines when he 's the straight man . 
  also , someone did n't call someone else a pleb . 
  nice try scotland . 
  you just want us to buy your windmill energy . 
  i 'm on to you . 
  easiest way to fuck with a system is from within . 
   we interbred with neanderthals wait , seriously ? 
  probably not that bad an idea , really . 
  a written and well defined constitution , i mean . 
  it 's all in jest . 
  upvoted for satire . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  yeah , but it 's a bomb . 
  1cm or 1 meter does n't really matter when the kill radius is 100 meters . 
  this has happened a lot . 
  every 3 odd years on average since the 70 's . 
  i do n't understand the need for limiting the resolution of these systems . 
  says the public system is down to 1 meter and the private ones are down to 1cm . 
  what reason is there for that limit of 1m ? 
  it 's glorious . 
  i did not . 
  french francs , though . 
  talk to frank advert came on tv when i was creating a forum name in ~ 2003 . 
  frank was taken . 
  i added ` eh ' on the end . 
  or us and the french . 
  or us and the germans . 
  or us and the italians . 
  or us and the spanish . 
  or us and the french again . 
  in donald we trust . 
  i 've argued with americans multiple times who insist the cultural difference between states is as stark as the cultural difference between eu countries . 
  it 's absurd . 
  it 's complete bullshit . 
  i really do n't care about illegal immigrants though . 
  plus she 's also proposing that all immigrants have to pay a fee to the nhs on arrival in an attempt to save a whopping 0.01 % on the nhs bill . . fucking pointless . 
  when it was mentioned on the radio that it would almost certainly cost more to administer than the savings she said it was ` the principle ' that counted . 
  absurd . 
  plus they 're illegal by definition . 
  they 're going to do illegal things anyway . 
  making more things illegal wo n't help . 
   in fact , most people that study outside of iceland study in denmark . 
  how much of that is just because they know danish ? 
  we used to just torment our french teacher . 
  trying to teach us the language of the enemy !, 
  i should have had her head for that . 
  it 's easiest to keep an eye on the french when you know their gobbledygook . 
  lightweights , 
  i listened to her speaking on the radio . 
  thought she was just some idiot pundit for the whole conversation . 
  ` okay , that 's all we 've got time for . 
  we 'd like to thank the home secretary theresa may for joining us . ', 
  ** fuck . . ** she does n't want to let immigrants have bank accounts , rent property or get a drivers license . 
  she basically wants immigrants to work cash in hand , squat and drive untrained and uninsured . 
  can i propose we just make the daily mail illegal ? 
  the end result will be the same , less fear of paedogedon . 
  did anyone hear something ? 
  long live the smoking ban . 
  only allowed to fire hemp bullets . 
  when putin said no flamers he did n't mean it like that . . 
  what is the cut off age for being in the lost generation ? 
  i want to know if i can blame my shortcomings on the government or not . 
  25 for the record . 
  i knew they 'd come around eventually . 
  3 odd hours a day ? 
  the rest of my countrymen need to step up their fucking game . 
  i 'm running rings around them . 
  two and a half , really . 
  i always open with ` bad ireland or good ireland ? ', 
  when talking to a new irish person i 've met . 
  never had it gone wrong . 
  usually gets a laugh and some respect for opening with it . 
  i usually go with ` good irish ' and ` bad irish ' sooooo . 
   and tremendous suffering for the rest of us i 'm actually doing really okay . 
  edit : -2 . 
  top kek . 
  all articles are vague if you do n't read them . 
  it 's like us invading a planet where cyanide falls from the sky periodically . 
  what 's the going rate for a tony blair nowadays ? 
  # 200,000 a month is n't it ? 
  is * anyone * preparing ? 
  it 's not like it 's an exclusively british problem .
