  at the end of the day though , still better than being french . 
  northern ireland ca n't into gb . 
  i say my name when answering my work phone , but not my home phone . 
  * imply that pizza is the same in every state . 
  this works on me every time . 
   you can piss off english people by mentioning they invented cricket and now pakistanis and indians are kicking their asses at it . 
  no you ca n't . 
  we know we suck at sports , it 's a running gag . 
  but we invented them in the first place so fuck everyone else . .  only time they won the world cup was on home turf by cheating . 
  that ball was not in !, 
  this would work . 
  well you 're lazy at paying taxes , at least . 
  i do n't even really know what the balkans actually refers to , and i bet that pisses them off a bit . 
   palace of culture and science just googled it . 
  looks great , but i 'm a fan of brutalist architecture . 
  that 's no fun , because it 's just obvious trolling . 
  a good insult needs to have an element of truth to it . 
  for example , people saying we have bad food pisses me off because it 's true to an extent , but we also have tons of really good food as well . 
  had to legalize drugs and prostitution to get anyone to visit . 
  you know it 's true . 
   how to piss off shovinist russian is there any other kind of russian ? 
  swedish people always go on about how hot their women are because they literally have nothing of consequence to be proud of . 
   i once sat on a boat tour through prague listening to an american guy try and impress this american women by loudly slagging off the whole of europe , saying you 'd see more culture going from california to kentucky than you would travelling across europe , how it was overrated etc etc. 
  i seriously thought these americans existed solely on reddit . 
  they voice these opinions outside of the safe confines of the internet ?!, 
  i 'd have argued with him for fun . 
  nothing like a good argument . 
   someone else said that hitler is buried in an anonymous grave . 
  this is true enough , is n't it ? 
  he was n't burned to ashes . 
  they just poured diesel on him and set him alight . 
  it 's likely his remains are buried somewhere , and no one knows where . 
  i like asking irish people if they 're from good ireland or bad ireland . 
  it 's not hard to piss off a frenchman . 
  it 's their natural state . 
  pleasing a frenchman is much harder , but with a stale baguette and condom it 's possible . 
  bread that one person can eat all of without : 1 ) becoming fat 2 ) eating stale bread, 
  my friend pissed off so many hungarians in hungary by insinuating they were bulgarian . 
   `` i know why the sun never sets on the british empire , god would never trust an englishman in the dark ''  -- duncan spaeth this quote has always just made me chuckle . 
  certainly not going to offend . 
  i do n't have flags enabled . 
  i know you 're from denmark . 
  how about your government increases your military budget by 30 % to meet the minimum nato guidelines . 
  then you can puff out your chest . . 
  the olympics is a hell of a party if you have money to burn . 
  best two weeks of 2012 , imo . 
  but really it 's just a bit of fun . 
   ban on swinging on the roads to and from the olympic construction lol , no dogging allowed . 
  yeah , that 'd be political suicide . 
  so germany just giving countries money ? 
  to be fair , david really can fuck off with this one . 
  metric makes so much sense and imperial makes . . well ... 
  essentially no sense . 
  what are transfer payments ? 
   we use imperial for most things in the uk anyway with a bit of effort and the co-operation of schools we can stamp this out for good . 
   i wish the metrification would stop . 
  go away . 
  fuck off , david . 
   under pressure from the u.s. , china has appreciated its currency by around 30 % since 2006 , not including inflation . 
  although the imf says china 's yuan is still between 5 % -10 % undervalued , it estimates the euro to be up to 15 % undervalued for germany 's economy . 
  is n't this the problem with the currency union , though ? 
  just because the euro is undervalued for germanys economy does n't mean it 's not overvalued or correctly valued for the other economies of the eu . . or does it ? 
  his face looks pretty french though . 
  about 11 pictures in i started to suspect you were obama . 
  they never found out who did it ?!, 
  that 's crazy . 
   maybe they are still more reliable than french ones ? 
  steam engines are pretty damn reliable too . 
  to be fair though , he 's right . . if you 're going to ask someone for something , you should really having something to offer them . 
  yes please !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  look a laos . 
  it 's prospering . 
  they have cow drawn ploughs now !, 
  [ u wot m8 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/20/united_kingdom_%28overseas%2bcrown_dependencies%29%2c_administrative_divisions_-_nmbrs_%28multiple_zoom%29.svg/1024px-united_kingdom_%28overseas%2bcrown_dependencies%29%2c_administrative_divisions_-_nmbrs_%28multiple_zoom%29.svg.png ) sun never sets . 
  you 're just like us . 
  you only really do it due to pride and memories of past empire greatness . 
  do n't tell anyone i said we 're alike . 
  it looks so wrong . 
  where do you end that line of reasoning though ? 
  the majority of people in my country are n't addicted to heroin , but enough are that it 's a problem that we need to look at . 
  i do n't see why this is any different . 
  if youths are do disenchanted with british life that they feel the need to seek out beheadings in far away lands , then we should be asking why . 
  if it were one or two , i might just say some bad apples . 
  but when there 's literally hundreds going over there then we need to look at the larger context . 
  they are when they 're citizens of europe . 
  ask yourself * why * these kids feel that they have more in common with isis shitheads and feel more at home in a war torn middle eastern country than they do in their places of birth . 
  we 're not innocent in all this . 
  we brought them up , and we should bring them to justice . 
  not just fob off our mess onto iraq . 
  we already fucked them over pretty well with out botched ousting of saddam hussein . 
  i 'd like to stop now . 
  well to me the lives of innocent iraqis are a bit more valuable than the # 35k a year or whatever it costs to keep a prisoner . 
  plus my way we do n't see extrajudicial exile which is the slipperiest slope i can imagine . 
  # 35k a year to retain my civil liberties is a fucking bargain . 
  i covered that in my post . 
   and it does n't result in them going back to iraq to massacre more innocent civilians . 
  we forgive you for icesave , iceland . 
  i feel like if we can identify them well enough to not let them back in the country , then we can surely identify them well enough to arrest them on entry and put them on trial . 
  seems like a better use of our time , and it does n't result in them going back to iraq to massacre more innocent civilians .
