  you just get the chance to read about ours , and not theirs . 
  what flag ? 
  he 's just a gay bloke in drag . . 
  he literally only dressed like that for that ` character ' . 
  there might have been a flag flying , but it was n't * his * . 
  he was flying other peoples . 
   a sudden hit of serious deflation would be ** undebatedly ** a bad thing . 
  take a trip to / r/bitcoin if you want to put that to the test . 
  they 'll debate it regardless of how demonstrably wrong they are . 
   if i have to believe reddit this is bad practice . 
  i meant because your post was the most upvoted . 
  i stand by what i said . 
  wait , is this really the opinion of / r/europe ? 
  it 's bullshit censorship , and if you ca n't see the huge amount of ways this can and will be abused then you 're extremely short sighted . 
  sore losers . 
  ` we 'll make our own eurovision !, 
  with blackjack , and hookers ! ', 
  d-did somebody say [ danger zone ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14ie7e&amp;feature=kp ), 
  haha , #rekt . 
  if your government is n't actively trying to get the best deal for its citizens , then it 's not doing a very good job . 
  all i know about the nordic countries will be summed up below : * high cost of alcohol * high cost of pizza * finnland is ripped on for being fatties by the rest of the nordics . 
  no idea if it 's actually true . 
  * norway has oil and were annoyingly clever about it . 
  * sweden at least thinks their country is full of 10/10 women . 
  no idea if it 's actually true . 
  * not sure if denmark are even nordic , but they make good bacon and apparently the bacon they eat is shit because they send the good stuff to us . 
  i heard some italians bad mouthing irn bru and deep fried heroin earlier . . 
  do n't mention the war !, 
  i mentioned it once , but i think i got away with it !, 
   despite the fact that the most popular food in europe is all european food hell , all our bacon is danish for christ sake !, 
   brits hate europe so much this is such a load of shite . 
  i want a referendum just to clear this misconception up . . 
  i do n't know anyone that gives a damn . 
   british politicians , and it seems also the general public , like nothing better than europe-bashing . 
  such a complete load of shit . 
  show david , nick or ed saying anything staunchly negative about europe and i 'll fall off my chair . 
  ukip do n't count , because they do n't even have a single mp . 
   either we 're horrible socialists , or we 're horrible nazis , or whatever other slurs you come up with this week . 
  oh , you saw a german ? 
  better do a hilarious nazi salute and tell him about how you won the war !, 
  11 upvotes ? 
  what the hell ? 
  i thought my brother was homophobic for the longest time . 
  then he admitted him and all his builder work mates went to a gay bar a while back and had a great time . 
  it span me out big time . . 
  seems he just does n't give a fuck either way . 
  as long as he 's not involved in any of the ` gayness ' he does n't mind . 
  i think 1 stars are worth mentioning . 
  they show a high standard of affordable average food . 
  did n't know they only test a few cities in the us though !, 
  edit : london link does n't work . 
  goes to nyc ratings . 
  ca n't find a list anywhere . 
  i like when other nationalities on reddit attempt to out tea us in comment threads . . as if we 're all boiling pots with fresh tea leaves and drinking it with just water and a splash of lemon . 
  the majority of the time it 's just a teabag shoved in some water with milk and sugar . 
  the least amount of effort needed to make a tea . 
  for the record , i hate the stuff . 
  at least we can all admit you love heroin . 
  my mate has a japanese girlfriend and she literally does n't eat any english food . 
  she just orders sushi or chinese even if we 're ordering something else . 
  it 's not about our traditional dishes , it 's about our contemporary cooking . 
  we cook other peoples national dishes very well . 
  or at least out chefs do . 
  more michelin star restaurants than the usa with a 5th of the population . 
  we 're just extremely average . 
  we do n't have any extreme either way . 
  it 's sometimes hot , sometimes it 's cold , sometimes it 's mild ... 
  but it 's never over 32 degrees , never under -10 ( well , unless you count the highlands ) . . 
  it 's just extremely average weather . 
  personally , i 'm a fan . 
  i could n't stand living in a country without clear seasons . 
   as you say though they 're evading tax so it 's not really owed in that sense because it 's not really illegal . 
  just a crappy thing to do . 
  evasion = illegal . 
  avoidance = legal . 
  i believe vodafone were using a scumbag form of avoidance . 
  i meant avoiding in my previous post . 
  decent british terrorists . 
  they did n't want to be , but they were . 
  cool , so we should be raiding vodafones bank accounts for that # 6.3 bn they owe us . 
  right ? 
  like fuck we will . . 
  there should n't be this double standard where the little man is gone after relentlessly and the huge companies evading tax get let off with an angry letter and a pat on the arse . . what lesson does that teach ? 
  i honestly do n't think that matters . 
  right , that 's it . 
  we 're taking the potato back . 
  you ca n't be trusted . . 
  oi , speak real . 
  i think that the olympics is far worse . 
  doing french before english when it 's a world audience . . 
  so stubborn . 
  persecution complex in general . 
  like if someone makes a joke at americas expense , you 'll retort with facts . 
  i think both are downplayed . 
  i 'll admit that the soviets invading poland with hitler * is * downplayed more . 
  but just look at popular culture . 
  tons of movies , books and tv shows about the heroic western front . 
  nothing about the much more bloody eastern front . 
  regardless of what you think of the russians , they did have the largest battles of the war , and were probably the biggest reason we won when we did .
