  other nation : ` then we 'll go to war . 
  and we will win . 
  because we spent money on weapons . ', 
  eu : ` please do n't hurt us . ', 
  nothing else matters when it comes to foreign policy . 
  the us has proved that beyond doubt . 
  have you tried the word ` kidnappers ' ? 
  i do n't understand why they 'd still be using unsecure channels after their first conversations got intercepted . 
  i also do n't understand why the ukraine government is uploading them to youtube as soon as they intercept them . 
  ` hey , guys . 
  we can hear you ! ', 
  why would you do that ? 
  you 'd keep it a secret so they do n't switch to more secure forms of communication . 
  no matter how many times people try to paint this as terrorism , it 's not going to make it so . 
  if it were a terrorist attack they 'd not be trying to hide shit . 
  it 's really annoying me that we label everything we do n't like a ` terrorist attack ' . . 
  oh man , stealing a camera/phone is fucking cold . 
  it 'll probably have the last images/videos ever taken of those dead people . 
  what the fuck ? 
  money , i do n't give a damn about . 
  that scenario you described would be a breeding ground for fascism . 
  imagine the nutter russian who could dethrone putin without being locked in a grotty prison somewhere instantly . . now imagine he 's in charge . 
  i have a feeling that those particular russians are n't particularly patriotic people . 
  if shit hits the fan , they wo n't be going back to russia . 
  there 's a reason they 're all over here , funding our premiere league and living it up in london , and it 's not because russia is such a lovely place to be that they have to ration their time there . . 
   and therein lies the problem . 
  look at all the good nato did for european security throughout the recent crisis ukraine . 
  is n't . 
  member . 
  nato . 
  if they were , russia would n't have touched them with a barge pole . 
  nato is extremely effective , in part because it 's basically america and co. 
  so if a nato member were to be attacked , it 'd be an attack against americas dominance on the world stage . 
  and america does n't fuck about when that 's brought into question . 
  getting 28 states to all agree on foreign policy when there 's hundreds , if not thousands of years of history with each one is going to be a difficult task . 
  it has n't been put off for fun . 
  it 's been put off because in all reality it 's probably impossible . 
  oh , and the only militaries worth a damn in the eu are uk and frances . 
  so you get yourself into a position where the eu deciding to go to war basically uses british/french blood , experience and money . 
  how that 's any kind of fair is beyond me . 
  maybe when every eu country is spending the 2.5 % of gdp on their military we can begin to talk about a unified foreign policy . 
  but until then , sod off . 
  frankly . 
  i think there 's actually limits in physics that stop a satellite being able to see with the kind of resolution you 're talking about . 
  i looked it up once . 
  or maybe it was on / r/askscience . 
  either way , the argument sounded convincing . 
   we 've had gear that can read newspapers and car license plates in orbit for decades now . 
  that 's a line from enemy of the state . 
  i did n't realise they could detect such small missiles , though . 
  icbm 's are quite a bit bigger . 
  but yeah , i guess ukraine will be comprehensively covered with radar due to the history of the area . 
  i 'd like to know how they 're confirming it . 
  there must be some pretty cool technology in place to confirm a small surface to air missile being launched 5000 miles away . 
  satellites ? 
  ground stations ? 
  33,000 feet above their heads . 
   is n't that fair enough ? 
  it absolutely is . 
  i 'm a little bit disappointed with how gung-ho everyone on here is being in regards to military/economic action aimed at russia . 
  we have * so * little information to go on . 
  it 's been ~ 24 hours since the plane crashed , and if / r/europe got its way there 'd be a full embargo on russia and a proxy war raging in ukraine . 
  why are we calling them terrorists ? 
  i do n't think that term applies here . . 
  even the leaked recordings have them confused about what they shot down , with the commander eventually asking ` why were they flying in our air space , do n't they know we 're at war ? ', 
  ( paraphrased ) . 
  i do n't think it was a terrorist attack . 
  it was a mistake . 
  i think that 's clear . 
  i think the only reason the ukranians are calling it a terrorist attack is because they know it 'll force action under the war on terror ^ ^ tm cause , which will drag in westerners with their significant military might . 
  i think objectively , given the evidence we have , this was not a terrorist attack . 
  til that hilary is n't the secretary of state still . 
  i wondered why everyone cared about what john kerry had to say recently . 
  it 's fucking tony abbot . 
  step 2 of his plan is to hold his breath for a really long time until putin gives in . 
  because you 're only remembering that one time we did nothing and it was the wrong course of action . 
  what about all those other times we did nothing and it went well ? 
  no one remembers those times . 
  and it does n't even involve a western country . 
  you 're proposing a proxy war with russia , on russias border . 
  do you know how absolutely insane that is ? 
   i really doubt that if the us/uk/france / germany all agree to react in a particular way we would oppose . 
  yeah , i find it very hard to believe too . 
  i 'm pretty certain italy also trades more with those other other countries than with russia . 
  and allied sanctions on germany worked brilliant from 1918-1932 . 
  see , i too can godwin with the best of 'em . 
  bringing up nazis is a fucking lazy argument . 
  man , you never miss a chance to have a go do you ? 
  even when the thread has nothing to do with ukip . 
  honestly ? 
  do nothing . 
  it will be a stain in the history books , but at the end of the day the alternative is a destitute russia ( sanctions ) or a long drawn out proxy war in the heart of europe . 
  i 'd rather not set the doomsday clock to 11:59 over a minor clay dispute . 
  do we want to cripple the russian economy ? 
  if you think they 're fascist in times of economic prosperity , wait until shit hits the fan and they 're all poor as shit and angry about it . 
  who will rise from the ashes to take the reigns of a broken country with almost 6,000 nuclear warheads ? 
  it 'll have to be a son of a bitch even scarier than putin to dethrone putin . 
  sounds like a recipe for disaster . 
  erm , the us and the ussr were fighting proxy wars for the majority of the 20th century . 
  korea , vietnam , afghanistan , etc.
