  they 're not going to take any shit from religious minorities . 
  not ever . 
  the entire thing is pretty much exclusively about illegal immigration , which damn near every country on earth is against . . 
  i see nothing wrong with criminalizing all aspects of working here illegally . 
  they 're breaking the law . 
  they 're not meant to be here . 
  it 's common sense to punish them and employers for hiring them . 
  most eu countries have a similar system in place . 
  what specifically in there is ` bad as in bad ' ? 
  compared to what i think is strong anti-immigration rhetoric . 
  i mean , you got any examples of dave and co dishing out strong anti-immigration rhetoric ? 
  more of a ukip thing nowadays . 
  the tory leadership will be campaigning to stay in the eu , fyi . 
  and i would n't say the tories have that strong an anti-immigration rhetoric . 
  certainly was in 1939 . 
  well mark duggan bought a handgun , which instantly makes him a scumbag . 
  michael brown punched a police offer in the face , which instantly makes him a scumbag . 
  these are not the people to rally behind . 
  the mark duggan one * really * does n't make sense because british police kill ~ 1 person a year and i do n't think black people are even over represented in police shootings here in the uk like they are in the usa . 
  the only real annoying bit is that they always seem to protest some confirmed scumbag that got killed , and it 's usually proven that they were a scumbag who actually deserved shooting . 
  yet some 14 year old kid with a toy gun gets gunned down by police without warning and ... no protest . 
  they need to fucking learn to rally around the right people . 
  rallying around the death of scumbags is never going to warm people to your cause . 
  same happened with mark duggan here in the uk . 
  did he at least get put in jail in iceland ? 
  fun fact . 
  more americans have been extradited to the uk than vice versa . 
  i was just making a point that people from all over the political spectrum have specifically become labour members to vote for him . 
  him becoming leader is n't that insane a prospect . 
  he said he got video of it , yet he 's not posted it . 
  i 'm wondering how true this all is . . 
  he is ukip . 
  not at all . 
  what good would attacking mindlessly to the arbitrary time frame of a treaty have done if we were n't sure of winning ? 
  none . 
  treaty be damned , frankly . 
  it was one big bluff , and hitler called it . 
  i disagree with this . 
  i reckon you 'd get heckled . 
   im not racist , but kek . 
  sure . 
  yeah , that 'll go down a treat . 
  just a bit wary after tony blair admitted he consulted god about the iraq war ... tim seems a lot more religious than tony . 
  party as a whole , since labour does n't even have a proper leader at the moment . 
  if corbyn takes over , then labour will become fiscally , er , retarded , and , er , socially retarded too . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think labour are socially left . 
  they love war , they wanted things like the id card system , they created the dna database and it 'd be even more expansive if it were up to them . . then there 's 90 day detention for terror suspects , that 's been predictably abused to shit . 
  lib dems plan to capture the centre again : step 1 ) appoint hardcore christian as leader step 2 ) well , fuck . 
  what about the scaling problem ? 
  bitcoin can do ~ 2.7 transactions per second , but visa stress tested their systems and managed ~ 40,000 transactions per second . 
  i do n't see how bitcoin or any decentralized ( read : inefficient ) cryptocurrency is going to be able to compete . 
  the current consensus is that to get the kind of levels of volume currently seen by visa or mastercard transactions will have to start taking place off chain ( read : not using bitcoin ) at which point , what the hell is the point of even messing with bitcoin given that it 's insanely unstable and at the whim of some internet nerds who mined hundreds of thousands of the coins 5 + years ago on some graphics cards . 
  hell , satoshi has ~ 1m bitcoins ( 1/21 of the entire bitcoin supply ) and no one knows who he is or what he plans to do with them . 
  it 's such a non starter . 
   transaction took over an hour to complete , although probably because i 've used smaller than recommended transaction fee . 
  even after payment was confirmed , the payment system ( the webapp ) did n't work - i 've had to call customer support . 
  they 've manually checked transaction and confirmed it and i got my tickets . 
  so bitcoin is at ~ 1995 levels of online payment usability . 
  fiscally conservative , socially liberal . 
  ca n't get more centre than that . 
  the lib dems are the closest we have to a centre party . 
  retailers do n't get to dictate payment systems used , though . 
  the consumer does . 
  literally could n't give a fuck what costs merchants are subjected to . 
  i do n't worry about how much they pay on postage , i do n't worry how much they 're paying for their unit rental , i do n't care what they 're paying for buildings insurance . 
  it 's not my concern . 
  i 'm not going to give up charge backs and general consumer protection for them to save 2 % on their bottom line , and neither is anyone other than the most ardent bitcoin enthusiast who are likely only promoting it because they 're heavily invested in it financially . 
  in summary , it 's worse for the consumer but better for the retailer . 
  it will therefore never take off . 
  for the record , i do believe the snp and their supporters have a retarded opinion of trident based on bad science and bad economics . 
  i just got the dig in at the referendum to wind you up . 
  but . . 
  neither of those two people are our foreign secretary . 
  you lot are so easy to wind up . 
  needs more cannons and monkeys . 
  smartphones offer an actual quantifiable and obvioust advantage over dumbphones . 
  bitcoin does no such thing when it comes to debit/credit cards . 
  cool , how 'd that work out ? 
  how so ? 
   germans used almost the whole army , and were open to attack from the west for over a month . 
  this is all what we know now , not what we knew at the time . 
  we prepared for a repeat of ww1 . 
  we got ww2 instead , and were quickly defeated and pushed from the continent . 
  not sure what we were supposed to do with the vast majority of our hardware destroyed on the beaches of dunkirk . 
  it took us years to rebuild our military and get onto full war footing . 
  it 's very easy to make these complaints with the advantages afforded by 20/20 hindsight . 
  teddy would have taken on the ussr single handedly and won . 
  he was n't happy about it , to be fair . 
  plus the ussr on full war footing would have likely slaughtered rallied forces . 
  we 'd already fought total war for poland once . 
  no one would support it again , especially not with all the pro stalin propaganda we 'd been bombarded with for 5 years . 
  uncle joe , and all that . 
  well the tories are signing up to vote for him . 
  the greens are signing up to vote for him . 
  even the fucking communists are signing up to vote for him . 
  i 'm well and firmly place in the centre and i 'd say the same . 
  i 'd usually throw my vote away on the lib dems , but if corbyn looks like he stands a chance i 'll vote tory just to keep him out . 
   i 'd say that george galloway as labour leader christ , can you imagine ? 
  there can be no dialogue when there was a referendum ~ 2 years ago where 98 % + of the islanders said they wanted to remain a british overseas territory .
