yep, 
  deep fried heroin . 
  i am not joking . 
  thank you based saudi arabia . 
  can someone please check putin for dementia . . 
  rocknrolla was good . 
  cameron and cleg had fucking big ben with them . . 
   and going around with signs saying `` no popery '' . 
  they just hate the smell . 
  trains are always rammed . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i 'd say leave a bit early if you can . 
  will hot air do ? 
  that 's all they have on tap . 
  how did we not unite over this hundreds of years ago ? 
  we 're on your side , pain au chocolats !, 
  bore off , m8 . 
  the fuck do you even do with that many churches ? 
  are they genuinely being filled with people regularly ? 
   why does everyone assume i am being sarcastic . 
  well you framed it as near perfect sarcasm . 
  everyone on here 's lost a little bit of objectivity when it comes to discussing russia . 
  david cameron comes off pretty well there . 
   do n't seem to have noticed that america has become the centre of the english-speaking world everyone has noticed that . 
  it 's easy to win when your opponent is n't willing to kill you over some fish . 
  now i ca n't decide who 's worse . 
  him or the yank . 
  lets get them both on camera and have them talk foreign politics . 
  i think it 's the fact that scotland has scottish pounds which added to his confusion . 
  it 's about a 10 second conversation with a scot to get the full story though , so there 's no excuse . 
   americans are n't more ignorant than europeans , it 's just that their ignorants are more confident than ours . 
  the dunning-kruger effect . 
  oh man , so much fucking cringe . 
   yeah , like that will happen . 
  why would n't it if china , russia and india were legitimately becoming a threat to us supremacy ? 
  personally , i do n't think china or india will ever get a point where they challenge us supremacy . 
  my post was in the context of your hypothetical where that happens . 
  and i 'm not a ukiper . 
  that 's insulting . 
   i never called an opt-out a violation of eu rules . 
  i called it picking and choosing , which is exactly what an opt out is . 
  well you said violating first , then you said picking and choosing . 
  re-reading it i may have got the wrong end of the stick . 
  were you saying you do n't want the uk to violate eu law or pick and choose eu law ? 
  if so , my mistake but it 's clear we 're one of the least likely to violate eu law going by our track record so it 's odd to pick on us . 
  fyi , cameron is posturing . 
  nothing will come of this . 
  we will not unilaterally impose immigration restrictions . 
   and the eu is moving further towards tighter integration . 
  in this year 's eu elections , most seats in most countries went to parties supporting the current course , or even tighter integration , but in the uk most seats went to the party advocating withdrawal from the eu . 
  [ how can you point to the last eu elections and claim we 're heading towards closer integration ? 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21603034-impact-rise-anti-establishment-parties-europe-and-abroad-eurosceptic-union ) euroscepticism went up across the board . 
   if you disagree on an important issue or two , great . 
  if you are vocal about it , great . 
  but when you disagree about several major issues of how the eu already is , and when your desires are pretty much the opposite of the eu 's direction for the last 10 years , it 's really time to consider whether continued membership is best for everyone . 
  which is why i would strongly support the uk holding a referendum soon to decide their membership . 
  a referendum is a double edged sword for us though . 
  it 's very likely we 'd vote to stay ( see : scottish referendum ) and once we do there 'll be very little bargaining power . . 
  the eu as a whole will see that as our admission that everything is fine and dandy when in reality we 'll most likely just be too scared to rock the boat when our economy is finally recovering after a pretty tough 6 years . 
  what a complicated man . 
  i 'd not even know where to look for a fire extinguisher if that happened in front of me . 
  top work , bloke on the right . 
  i do n't think she 'll last . 
  you do n't even know my stance on the eu . 
  i 'm in favour of staying in a reformed eu . 
  immigration is n't even that big a deal to me as i 'm not a minimum wage worker . 
  what i wo n't have is double standards where by we 're bitched at for being honest with our intentions while a bunch of other countries get much less flack for ignoring way more eu law . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  if anyone 's being whipped up into a nationalist frenzy it 's the people on here who are promoting ` well leave our club then ! ' . 
  the uk is currently the eu 's boogieman . 
  it 's us that 's apparently hindering progress and therefore growth , when in reality there 's a bunch of other nations that are being way bigger shits and there 's just some bad eu legislation that probably will never work . 
   it will consist of bullying russia , opportunistic china and the other up-and-comers . 
  dude , are you kidding ? 
  if the anglosphere created a proper political , economic and military union it 'd shit all over anything russia , china and anyone else could muster . 
  even the eu . 
  the usa can pretty much do that alone . 
  well you said :  uk just wants all for itself . 
  give us the benfits , do n't bother us with responsibilities . 
  and my link proves that there 's 7 countries who are worse at ` taking the benefits and ignoring the responsibilities ' . . 
  including germany , france and italy . 
  we 're the most law abiding major eu power . 
  we 'll moan and try to get our way , but if we do n't then at least we tend to tow the line . 
  unlike italy who stays quiet and then just disregards eu law . 
  i have no idea how you can call and opt out a ` violation of eu rules ' . 
  it 's an opt out . 
  it 's mutually agreed . 
  it 's not a violation of anything . 
  page 11 of that document shows genuine violations . 
  and were n't most of our opt outs done 20 + years ago ? 
  why are they suddenly an issue ? 
  and denmark has as many opt outs as we do . 
  it all just seems like everyone here on / r/europe is getting a bit whipped up into a tizzy because we 're vocal about shit that worries us whereas other nations seem to just keep quiet and then ignore the laws they do n't like . 
  i think our way is better . 
  proper democratic process should allow for protests , and that 's essentially what this is just at the highest level . 
  it 's important to remember that we must hold children responsible for their actions for the rest of their lives . 
  so down for this . 
  they really do n't . 
  not as much as posters on here make out . 
  they 're slightly more pro eu than ruk . 
   however , i prefer the uk leaving to the uk deciding to violate eu rules and getting away with it .
