  just 5 more to find . 
  1 , 3 , 6 are easily bi-products of a large population . 
  7 is certainly something that could happen to china . 
  and there 's no evidence because we 've never had such a populous country gain economic power . 
  the us has a much smaller population than india/china though . 
  plus india has about 4 times the population with about 4 times less land than the usa . 
  china has about 4 times the population with about the same amount of land as the usa . 
  google 's doing some pretty amazing shit , to be fair to them . 
  driverless car , for example . 
  stop resisting , wales . 
  just admit it already . 
  you 're one of us , one of us . 
  gooble gobble . 
  stuff like this makes me wonder . . can ultra high population countries like india and china ever really compete in terms of gdp with the likes of the eu/us or will the natural result of an educated and rich populous be a request for more representation accumulating in separatist movements and eventual separation into smaller more manageable states . 
  none of that matters , because you have money . 
  and if here 's one thing america loves , it 's money . 
  if germany did the same to the usa , the usa 's reaction would be very similar . 
  public condemnation , and not much else . 
   fairly unlikely that germany would let him free if the us demands it : haha germany is a huge player on the world stage . 
  they can tell the usa to fuck off with relative impunity . 
  usa 's strengths are bulling shithole countries that barely have an economy . 
  when up against another first world nation they do n't have anywhere near the clout some people on here make out . 
  ** i n s u l t c e p t i o n **, 
  interesting . 
  i 'd have thought that legal gay marriage in all states would have been way bigger news . 
  i 'd have figured i 'd have heard it from the bbc or something . 
  we got coverage when you legalized weed in a few states . 
  it was bantz . 
  fuck me you guys have rods square up your arses . 
  although it 's not really rods , it 's fucking hamburgers . 
  highest gdp of any country in the world , biggest military , biggest r&d sector , yadda yadda and you still get riled the fuck up about the stupidest shit . 
  i know , at a high level , how the us system works . 
  in fact , my previous post only makes sense if you assume i understand how it works . 
  also , americans ca n't into banter . 
  house of lords and the queen is fucking sweet though . 
  every country should have an unelected house , imo . 
  in our system the house of commons had the end say and * can * push through whatever they want with enough persistence but generally if the house of lords oppose it enough it 'll start making the news and turn public opinion which will regularly then influence the house of commons . 
  plus the queen is a pretty decent system too . 
  government shutdown ? 
  queeny will force an election because the current government are clearly not competent enough to run the country . 
  ideal . 
  so in short , i 'm glad we do n't have the amount of representation you guys have . 
  it seems to cause more problems than it solves . 
  as for the codified constitution . . well yeah again , great idea . 
  but then you went and made it every americans constitutional right to have a flipping gun . 
  yet again fucking up a good thing you had going for you . 
  that 's the problem with codified constitutions . 
  very hard to adapt to the times we 're living in when the laws are so set in stone . 
  you mad . 
  he 's hilarious and there 's a bunch of great us standups . 
   ironic since the first gay marriage in us occurred 10 years before the uk . 
  oh cool , so your entire country accepts gay marriage does it now ? 
  that 's really cool . 
  so cool . 
  that your entire country is so accepting of gay marriage . 
  so cool . 
   says the country still with a monarch . 
  irrelevant . 
  also , more proof americans ca n't into fun banter . 
  they just get all whiny and defensive rather than just throwing the shit . 
  [ # 135 for heart disease ] ( http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/cause-of-death/coronary-heart-disease/by-country/ ) ( i expected worse . 
  joke is n't as funny now . . ), 
  [ reg d hunter ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg6ctfwoalc ), 
  crawley and croydon . 
  it 's all true . 
  but i correctly used ` british ' instead of ` us ' . . dammit . 
  so close to following my own rules . 
  you 're really taking this banter to heart . 
   only slightly less embarrassing than everyone else 's inability to deal with the situation . 
  that 's not an accurate representation of what happened at all . 
  [ psh . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thxvgj4tieo&amp;feature=kp ), 
   von steuben day in honor of the gay , prussian general who trained our army !, 
  i wonder if he was a supporter of do n't ask , do n't tell . .  a government for the people , by the people a decent idea , but you did n't half fuck it up . 
   actually , the most embarrassing part is when you tried to surrender to the french ( lafayette ) , and were told you needed to take that flag to gen. washington . 
  i did n't realise i 'd surrendered to the french 200 + years ago , lol . 
  best to discuss countries past achievements in third person . 
  me and you did n't do shit . 
  i wish the american population could go back to that attitude of isolationism . 
  the only thing worse than being beaten by the french , is asking for help from the french . 
  ` only reason you beat the british is because you had help from the fucking french !, 
  and then i run away from the thread . 
  should have filtered 1776 too . 
  and with that , i 'd just like to say that i am very proud of the england team . . 
  david seaman played in the 2002 world cup when he was 39 . 
  it 's not unheard of . 
  seriously . 
  tim howard did an amazing job . . 
  he 's being hyped up a lot , but he really does deserve it . 
  it could have easily been 5 + nill without him . 
  it was honestly the best game of the world cup for me . 
  that last 30 minutes was tense as fuck . 
  i went from rooting for belgium to rooting for the usa . 
  i wanted the us to lose on penalties . 
  misery likes company . 
  bit different to doing it to everyone , though . 
  yeah , usa is fucked now . 
  no going back . 
   a core european cultural value is to be able to know who it is you are in the company of and know who it is you are speaking to . 
  i can not imagine anything else that could be moreso . 
  if i went up to 1000 people on the street and asked them to name a ` core european value ' , only the racist skinhead types would say anything approaching that .
