  we should just create our own games without blackjack and hookers . . 
  almost every league worth a damn supported ali . 
  the world cup loses 90 % of its appeal without the teams that voted ali . 
  have you not been listening ? 
  he 's consistently been asking for a renegotiation for years . 
  the referendum is something he 's being forced to do due to pressure from his backbench and the threat of ukip . 
  he 's already said he wants the uk to remain in the eu and believes it 's the most beneficial course of action . 
  a referendum during the last parliament was an election campaign promise ( maybe in the manifesto ? ), 
  and he dropped it the first chance he could once he was in power . 
  there 's plenty better and worse than us . 
  but we 're pretty much identical in economy and military to france now . 
  i guess that 's what he meant . 
  based merkel . 
  i think it 's lost its way big time , but the concept of feminism as it used to be is fine . 
  there 's still tons of the world ( probably not the west , really . . ) where feminism is absolutely needed . 
  does n't mean it ca n't rebound , though . 
  but we need to take action if we want that . 
  simply hoping that more integration will make the eu ` too big to fail ' is n't a valid strategy . 
  just like anything on earth , it has to serve a purpose . 
  fill a need . 
  i really do n't think this stuff is worth dredging up . 
  we decided to just let everything that had happened slide when we signed the good friday agreement . 
  concessions were made on both sides , for the good of our country . 
  it 's over . 
  both sides were shit , and now we 're not . 
  i do n't understand what good can come from opening old wounds like this . 
  all aboard !, 
  wait , what ? 
   the eu can not and will not let members pick and choose which parts of the eu it likes and discard the rest , because at that point the eu would n't exist . 
  a two tier eu would just have two levels of ` compliance ' . . 
  it would n't be picking and choosing , at least not in the way your present it . 
  it 'd be more like you can pick eua or eub to join , depending on which you like the look of better . 
  eua and eub will both have their positives and negatives for the joining country , but it allows a more staggered approach to eu membership . 
  seems better than the constant opt outs . 
  if it was n't clear , i meant in its traditional sense . 
  basically all the female got cast . 
  god , farage is a fucking clown . 
  it 's like no one else is even trying !, 
  and whose fault is that !, 
  this is a nice antidote to [ this sister comment on the / r/askreddit thread . . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/37kq41/hey_reddit_whats_a_misconception_youd_like_to/crnk0p5 ), 
  but glasses are fair game ? 
  it 's what i say when i wake up after a long night of drinking and there 's a rotting gross left over kebab on the coffee table staring me in the face . 
  bedtime tracksuit , work tracksuit , casual tracksuit . . why do you need more ? 
  down the well he goes !, 
  but why ? 
  feminism as a concept is fine . 
  this weird interpretation that 's being spread by tumblr and such , is n't . 
  got to be an irl troll , surely . 
  or maybe some kind of performance art ? 
  stv ( or something ) bought the rights , apparently . 
  i guess it 'll be airing soon ? 
  and you ca n't kickflip a nazi . 
  i 've tried . 
   those countries do n't `` snatch up '' researchers as much as they just provide better research opportunities that are n't available in their home countries . 
  instead of creating an incentive against going abroad for research , the countries affected by this brain drain need to focus on having better research opportunities at home . 
  yeah , but that 's harder to do when they 're paying for everyones university education . . 
  there 's not a bottomless pit of money to draw from . 
  i 've had people do that to me . 
  talk about pissing into the wind !, 
  dat usa figure . . 
  impressive . 
  seemingly no one wants to leave the usa . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's changed since / r/europe became a geo-default but we used to absolutely dominate this subreddit in numbers . 
  generally , if threads about us are getting a lot of attention it 's probably our doing . 
  i 've never heard this stereotype . 
  back 5-8 years ago it was all about you guys not minding living 5 to a house and working real hard , then sending money home . 
  the end result being a reduction of the average wage , and it being harder to find a job . 
  hardly the worst stereotypes to have . 
  and that 's all history now . 
  i 've not heard anyone complain about polish people in ages . 
  i blame the polish shops that have cropped up that everyone seems to love . 
  that 's what the romanians/bulgarians have to do . 
  they have to export a bit of their culture that we 'll like , and then we will forgive them and move onto hating some other nationality . 
  the indians/pakistanis came over . . ooooo . 
  not sure about them . 
  oh , indian takeaways are fantastic ? 
  welcome !, 
  ehhh , not sure about these turkish blokes . 
  they look a bit shifty . 
  oh , what 's this ? 
  let me try that ... 
  welcome turks !, 
  etc , etc. 
  honestly , that stereotype is all but dead at this point . 
  and the stereotype was never that they 're uncivilized or anything as ridiculous as that . . just that 's they 'd tuk er jerbbs . . 
  there 's some 500,000 polish people in the uk now and most people know one or two and realise they 're perfectly nice . 
  everyone 's transferred their xenophobia onto romanians and bulgarians . 
  the ` comment is free ' section is genuinely as bad as anything the daily mail regurgitates up . 
  just on the other end of the spectrum . 
  affordable as in as part of the national budget , or affordable as in no one has to pay for anything when going to the doctor ? 
  because the latter is easy enough , it 's the former that difficult and only going to become more difficult . 
  lads on tour , lads on tour , lads on tooouuuurrrrrr !, 
  this fucking guy !, 
   syrians are all the same where are you getting that idea from ? 
   you folks are just shouting * looks at thread comments * wut ? 
  / r / ** europe **, 
  that 's a large bomb by ww2 standards , is n't it ? 
   short term it 's been happening for 10 years . 
  how much longer does the short term last for ? 
  it 's been an average of around 200k per year from the eu for the past 15 years . . maybe we can agree to closing our doors to new countries ?
