  if we 're just going to keep adding new countries continually then this will never end . 
  just means that the exact phrasing ( which is important ) has n't been decided . 
  all they know is that ticking ` yes ' means you want to stay in the eu . 
  we do n't believe that that 's helping anyone . 
  our history is regrettable , but the vast majority ( all ? ), 
  of people alive today in europe had absolutely fuck all to do with their countries empires . 
  at what point do we stop bending over in the name of ` moral obligation ' ? 
  we thought it was our ` moral obligation ' to ` civilize ' them and look how that turned out . 
  i agree to helping out generally , as one human being to another . 
  but basing that help on the misguided idea that i somehow owe them is ridiculous . 
  i do n't believe accepting their people into europe will do much to help their home countries . 
  i 'd rather concentrate on schemes which help their countries be less shitty to live in so they can stay there and help build a better africa . 
  accepting africans en mass into europe is putting a band-aid on a broken leg . 
   you do n't get to pick and choose . 
  history has proved that we do . 
  that 's why we negotiated so many opt-outs . 
  also , well done at being even more wrong after expanding on your previous answer . 
  the banks all want to remain in the eu . 
  a bunch have come out in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  my butthole just puckered up . 
  he 's succeeding . 
  ca n't really blame them . 
  they 're the ones that will most easily integrate into the polish way of life . 
  there 's compassion , and then there 's being a mug and getting taken for a ride . 
  we 've offered up our solution . 
  tougher and more frequent patrols of the mediterranean sea . 
  we 've offered our assistance in that form . 
  take it or leave it . 
  we 're happy to contribute , but not in the ineffective way the eu has decided . 
  you think that 's why we 're having a referendum ? 
  every thread . 
  every . 
  thread . 
  tbh , yours is a pretty tame example of / r/murica leaking . 
  [ the / r/sports thread is the worst . . ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/37f31l/fifa_officials_arrested_on_corruption_charges/crm6fre?context=3 ), 
  there 's no real way to legislate against this kind of tax avoidance though without the extreme measures you mentioned which would do more harm than good . 
  it 's not enforceable , so better to get rid of it . 
  level the playing field for all companies in the country . 
  there 'll always be countries offering 0 % corporation tax . 
  nothing the eu can do about that . 
  we apologise in advance , portugal . 
  nah , i thought the tension was pretty high throughout . 
  you probably wo n't like the film then . 
  it 's a 2 hour car chase , and i 'm not exaggerating in any way . 
  sunshine was such a good scifi movie until it turned into a slasher horror in the last 20 minutes . 
  fucked up a fantastic film . 
  i get it now , cheers . 
  okay , so now that 's sorted out lets switch back to the tax . 
  smallbusinessa sells a widget to largebusinessb for # 20 , of which 40p is taxed under my 2 % tax revenue scheme . 
  largebusinessb sells it for # 50 and is taxed # 1 . 
  if they merge , they only pay tax on the # 50 final sale , so a saving of 40p . 
  well if the shareholders are n't going to merge to generate # 5 more profit they 're certainly not going to merge to save 40p in tax . 
  there is already a motivation to fuse , though . 
  forget tax , for a second . 
  smallbusinessa supplies largecompanyb with a widget for # 20 and makes # 5 profit . 
  largecompanyb can reduce the cost of that widget by # 5 if they merge . 
  that 's no less or more of an incentive than saving 1-2 % tax . 
  it 's blanket and indiscriminate . 
  prices go up across the board id needs be , but there 'd be a correction eventually . 
  does n't make any sense to me . 
  if this were legitimately a problem , companies would be doing it now because every time they buy part of the widget from another company they still surrender profit to that company . 
  how will it disadvantage small companies ? 
  not really . 
  vat is a personal tax , collected by businesses from consumers and then handed over to the government . 
  businesses buying things from other businesses do n't have to pay it . 
  my idea is to have a 1-2 % tax rate that applies to company revenue regardless of what business they 're in , or who their customers are . 
  a tax paid by businesses to the government . 
  honestly , corporation tax is too easy to avoid . 
  it 's naturally not a progressive form of taxation . 
  small businesses have to pay it , whereas large multinationals can structure their businesses in such a way that they do n't have to pay it . 
  that gives a huge advantage to large multinationals over local small businesses which are at the heart of all countries economies . 
  we need to change to a system of taxing revenue over profit . 
  profit can be magic 'd away to different countries . 
  revenue ca n't . 
  obviously the tax on revenue would need to be much much smaller than the current corporation tax rate . 
  i 've already seen it twice in the cinema . 
  it 's just such a spectacle . 
  only complaint would be tom hardys accent . 
  it was all over the place . 
  but it 's just such a stylish film . 
  the intouchables is my favourite foreign language film . 
  i always recommend it to people who say they 've seen everything , and they always enjoy it . 
  haha , ex machina was my favourite film of the year until i saw mad max too . 
  loved that film . 
  had no idea it was british . 
  [ i really enjoyed ' 71 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%2771_%28film%29 ) it 's about a soldier being left behind in northern ireland during the troubles . 
  very tense , and does n't fall into the trap of making either side seem like the good/bad guys . 
  this is actually just how the government distributes the countries yearly ration of cheese . 
  each county nominates a tribute , lenny kravitz kits them out in his best designer tracksuits , and then they fight it out to win the cheese for their county . 
  sounds exactly like something a german would say before annexing you , netherlands . 
  do n't trust him !, 
  haha , shut it dweeb . 
  get a load of this fucking guy . 
   and apparently they still call each other almost daily . 
  ` soooo , whatya thinking ? ... 
  haha me too !, 
  i was just thinking that ... no you hang up . 
  no you hang up !, 
  okay , in 3 ... 1 , 2 ... you did n't hang up ! ', 
  it 's hardly the most insane proposition .
