  i think you mods dealt with a relatively minor problem with too much of a strong arm approach , and it 's bitten this subreddit in the arse . . 
  i think it 'll die down on its own , eventually . 
  favourite ? 
  am i allowed to say lack of yanks ? 
  that 's my favourite thing about all regional subreddits . 
  it 's nothing personal , it 's just nice to get the opinions of my own people , ya know ? 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i mod a few small subs , but none are that active and i do n't mod them in any meaningful manner . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  you 've been making a bit of a pigs ear of it ? 
  * ducks *  why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i believe in hands off moderation where possible , and i think that 's something that subs not based around any strict and obvious theme ( askscience , askhistory , etc ) require to stop things turning out like they have . 
  to steal a phrase from the british police , i believe in modding by consent . 
  i also think you guys need to be a hell of a lot more transparent in how you mod , particularly when it comes to bannings . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  well thanks to the past few weeks i now know immigration statistics like the back of my hand . 
  but seriously , i do n't know anything about any of those things . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  negative . 
  see above . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i lie to get myself modded , then abuse that power instantly . 
  also , i make jokes at inappropriate times . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  i could kick the shit out of a bunch of duck sized horses until the cows come home . 
  i 'd have no idea how to deal with a horse sized duck . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why this better not be the deciding factor for modship . . 
  evidently you can be , since the guy was . . also , i myself have been arrested for being a fuckwit . 
  thank you , section 5 . . 
   inside they found a mobile telephone , a laptop computer , a video camera and a pair of trousers , allegedly belonging to mr solano , that were covered in blood . 
   the young african man claimed to have `` found '' the items , but police arrested him and are expected to charge him with two counts of murder . 
  we 've got a criminal mastermind on our hands . 
  i still reckon oxford clinches it on name recognition alone . 
  if you ask 100 people which university in the uk is the most prestigious , i think you 'll get majority oxford . 
  it 's not terrorism to make shitty sensationalized ` white middle class kid is shocked at stuff that goes on in the world ' documentaries . 
  i 'd be a morning person too if i was 6 cans deep by 9:30 am !, 
  anyway , sounds like they 're getting a decent dose of european culture !, 
  drinking is a part of life here , and it aint all bad !, 
  clearly the drunk guy was in the wrong if the police took him away and left the refugees . 
  sounds like he was being a proper fuckwit . 
  reads like a roadmap to economic damnation . 
  no , it was moderate/bad . 
  then they did the megashitthreads . 
  now it 's got * really * bad , because everyone was pissed over being censored so they 're practising their new found freedom . 
  it was never this bad before the megathreads . 
  i think it 'll gradually calm down . 
  the membership of this sub need to take responsibility , though . 
  there 's 400,000 of us . 
  downvote shit you do n't like and upvote shit you do . 
  also , surf / new / and upvote and downvote there . 
  if you see it on the front page , your downvote is as good as useless . 
  / new / is where downvotes/upvotes matter . 
  if you really care , put in the effort . 
  / r/europe was never this bad before . 
  this is what happens when you attempt to strong arm peoples opinions , they fight back . 
  give it time . 
  i 'm sure it will die down . 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  i thought national teams had to be comprised of , er , nationals . . 
  i do n't know anything about rhodesia , to be honest . 
  but what i said is absolutely true of south africa . 
  i thought that too , but [ this picture ] ( http://www.ushmm.org/lcmedia/photo/lc/image/27/27041.jpg ) was taken just after the liberation of the camp . . 
  there was never any effort to educate the natives in those african countries . . 
  if you keep an entire race of people downtrodden and uneducated for hundreds of years , then hand the country over to them ... well , yeah . 
  it 's going to be a disaster . 
   i think it does mean exactly that , especially considering colonianism , because it impacted your country positively , but steered many nations off their course . 
  without a crystal ball it 's very hard to know where most would be today . 
  this gold train better not be as disappointing as the reddit safe . . 
  i do n't really follow rugby , but i always enjoyed watching that frenchman play with the huge beard and long hair . 
  seemed like such a recipe for disaster in a full contact game . 
   clear up of the shoreham air show crash continues . 
  i 'm really hoping the a27 is reopened by tuesday . 
  turned my 15 minute commute into a 1 hour 10 commute . 
  extraordinary circumstances , so i understand if it is n't . 
  but still , it would be much appreciated . 
  i was actually having a conversation with someone a few months ago where we were wondering when a plane would finally crash into the a27 . 
  it 's way too near to the runway , imo . 
  they are n't legal marriages . 
  any idiots can pretend they 're married if they all believe it . 
  that 's not a comparable situation , because the weird loophole courts still have to work within the constraints of uk law . 
  not convinced . 
  although credit where credit is due for the good friday agreement . 
  i do n't reckon merkel has earned iron lady status . 
  she 's not principled enough , imo . 
  not that i think principles are necessarily a good thing in politics . 
  tony blair was pm for 10 years . 
  we 're still not sure how that happened . 
  i just bought a selection of cheeses and some crackers and had that for lunch . 
  brie , goat cheese , shropshire red , stilton and some mature cheddar . 
  very nice . 
  highly recommend the shropshire red . 
  wait , so you 're telling me there was a time not so long ago where you could go to a bank and say ` yo , i 'm thinking of taking control of russia . 
  need to loan for preparations . . ' and the bank would listen to you and then actually give you money ?? 
  and yet i had to jump through fucking hoops to get a loan to buy a house which i need to survive . . god damn . . 
  pretty sure there was an operation during the last days of the war that was centred entirely around trying to stop the destruction of nazi documents . 
  ca n't find it now , though . 
  so they were destroying documents .
