  it 's hard to say , really . 
  * if * mandarin overtook english as most amount of total speakers and those speakers were spread throughout the worlds countries more prolifically than english then i 'd probably start recommending mandarin as the world language . 
  as it is , though , while mandarin has a shit ton of speakers ( still less than english ) they 're pretty much all in china . 
  you ca n't phone up companies in france , belgium , denmark , sweden or spain and reasonably expect them to have someone on staff that speaks mandarin but you 'll almost certainly find they have at least one person who is fluent in english . 
  that 's what a world language is about , imo . 
   its function is to express thoughts , to think and to communicate . 
  to others . 
  that 's the important bit . 
   because there is no benchmark for better languages , full stop . 
  no linguist will ever tell you that there 's such a thing as a better language . 
  because there is n't . 
  vested interest . 
  their entire profession relies on there being more than one language . 
  clearly the better language is the language that allows the most amount of people on earth to converse with one another with the most amount of ease . 
   and there 's nothing darwinian about death of languages . 
  the death of a language is not determined by its qualities , it 's determined by outside force . 
  is n't that the crux of darwinism ? 
  not adapting to external influences ? 
  not sure , but my sister seems to do alright . 
  the trick seems to be have a kid and no 2nd parent . 
  she 's got a 2 bed flat in london , can put her son into daycare 3 days a week at # 70 a day and still work 16 hours a week without losing any benefits which is an extra # 100 a week if minimum wage . 
  seems pretty nice to me . 
  she 's not rich , but she gets by . 
  doubt she 'll be having many holidays if at all . 
  if you 're single with no kids , you get very little help though . 
   mandarin has more speakers than english . 
  more native , not more total . 
   no one 's stopping the usage of english as a lingua franca . 
  it does not need to be made an official language for it to serve as a tool of communication . 
  it 's already the international language for aviation . 
   on the other hand , making it official would put smaller languages in a very inconvenient position , one that usually , if its accompanied by socioeconomic hardships and the requirement of english to advance , leads to the death of those smaller languages . 
  i 'm a bit darwinian when it comes to languages . 
  if they ca n't survive , then they 're probably not useful enough to deserve to survive . 
   the number of speakers is not a benchmark . 
  why not ? 
  what do you consider the primary function of language ? 
  hah , no way . 
  i did n't know that . 
  it 's irl call of duty . . plus , depending on their ambition they might realise that from rubble rises opportunity . 
  they might realise that while they 're at the bottom of the current system in france they have the opportunity to place themselves in the higher echelons of society in syria presuming they pick the right side and survive . 
  no one will stop you from using those languages though , it 's just when we 're talking about adopting an eu or world language it 's probably best to stick to the one which is most widely understood since that 's the main objective of language . 
  darwin award nominees . 
  / r/europe, 
   is one language ` better ' than another ? 
  ` better ' is surely marked as the language the most people on earth can understand . 
  currently , that 's english . 
   a single [ ... ] foreign policy . 
  wo n't ever happen . 
  especially not in just 2 decades . 
  you ca n't wish away thousands of years of history and interests . 
  i 've been an atheist my entire life ( apart from the first 5 years , but i believed in father christmas longer than i did god , soooo . . ) and it 's never negatively impacted my life whatsoever . 
  what the hell is the point in something like this ? 
  you all get together and pat yourself on the back for not believing in anything ? 
  what a load of old tosh . 
  germany is in an awkward situation . 
  either they demand their gold back , to which the inevitable outcome will be the usa admitting it does n't exist any more which will then pretty much be guaranteed to ruin the world economy as everyone collectively loses faith in the usa and attempts to call in their gold debt . 
  or it continues ignoring the problem , with much public pressure to find out where the gold went . 
  tl ; dr it 's in everyone 's best interest to let this theft go undiscovered . 
  which is kinda insane . 
  ouch , that was a seriously fast decline . 
  what happened ? 
  i do n't know much about the fall of the spanish empire . 
  apart from lol armada fail . 
  no france this time . 
  kind of like last time , then . 
  haw he haw he haw . 
   there is significant drop in the amount that will be built because of the costs spiraling out of control not because of a bad international market for the f-35 per se . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  if you have to price your aircraft at $ 250m each and no one can afford it , that 's a problem with the aircraft . 
  you only need planes capable of fighting an enemy you 're likely to actually fight . 
  that 's why we 're not seeing huge orders of f-35 's . . you can bomb the shit out of ak47 wielding terrorists from 50,000 feet with 80 's era aircraft . 
  how unfortunate !, 
  weird . 
  usually when a country is famous for making something , that country is the place to go for the very best of that something . 
  all the bacon i eat is danish . 
  it seems good enough to me !, 
  the trick to austerity is to only take things away from the people who contribute the least . 
  apart from pensioners . 
  brain drain . 
  that 's hilarious because that 's exactly what 2 of my friends have done , but they 're not back yet . 
  good point !, 
   you could ask ` why eastern europe is so against homosexuals ' . 
  i could ask that , but this is a thread about russia soooo . . 
   how many of other eastern europeans oppose gay pride parades ? 
  not much less than russians . 
  that 's fine , but i 'm interested in russia in this instance . 
  one thing they have in common is a lot of religion . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_orthodox_church could the church be to blame ? 
   russia is not , putin is . 
  explain these ? 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/ http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/smith-crossnational-norc-may-2011.pdf http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/87-of-russians-oppose-gay-parades/476773.html in that last link , 5 % of people surveyed said that gays should be ` liquidated ' . . 
  i want a proper answer , not an anti government circlejerk answer . 
  it 'd clear that russia is a deeply homophobic country . 
  i want to know the causes . 
  did the communist party hate gays , for example ? 
  can someone explain it better ? 
  i just looked up the stats and all the polls have support of anti gay laws at 70 % + i do n't buy that you can just blame the government for this . 
  it seems they 're just reacting to an existing prejudice . 
   she has a 755-square-foot floor to herself . 
  she pays # 389 a month fuck me .
