  people here would lose their shit . 
  it might if the eu ends up working out . 
  most do n't have greed as their defining characteristic . 
  you 're right about that . 
  they 'll not be the ones running whatever system you want to replace capitalism with though . 
  do you think you will ever be able to stop ** everyone ** being greedy ? 
  oh right , i see what you mean . 
  you 're probably right . 
  you mean something better wo n't come along , as in the eu is just going to fail . 
  or do you mean the eu would n't let us back in a few decades down the line ? 
  if it 's the latter , i do n't see why not . 
  anyway , the point i was trying to make is that it 's extremely easy to badmouth capitalism when you live within the world it 's afforded you . 
  you do n't find many people who lived through communism wishing to return to it . 
  there 's a reason for that . 
  it 's fucking shite and does n't work . 
  greed and selfishness are unfortunately part of human nature . 
  communism attempts to legislate away greed and selfishness , but ends up just consolidating greed and selfishness in the form of every communist government ever . 
  capitalism recognises that greed and selfishness will always exist , and has built a system that encourages it for the betterment of mankind at a whole . 
  i 'm sitting here , extremely comfortable , typing out this post on my dell laptop . 
  why can i do that ? 
  because someone built a house and wanted to sell it to me for a profit . 
  then someone designed and built my sofa , and sold it to me to make a profit . 
  then someone designed and built my laptop , and sold it to me for a profit . 
  at every stage their greed was satisfied , and in return so was mine . 
  it 's a system that works . 
  you can keep attempting to go against human nature if you want , but you 'll keep losing . 
  lol . 
  that 's a lol at you , not with you . 
  yeah , it is . 
  [ 20 years between images . 
   see you again in 2 [ ... ] years you hopeless optimist , you !, 
  * posted from my iphone *, 
   half greek half brit here , living in the uk - i was firmly against a brexit before the crisis with greece . 
  i still am against it because i love the idea of a united europe , i grew up identifying as european and the idea of either of my countries leaving is hugely sad to me . 
  i love the idea of ice cream , but no matter how much fish and bile flavour ice cream someone puts in front of me i 'm not going to eat it . 
  the idea is a good one . 
  how we 're going about it is deeply flawed . 
  i was going to vote to stay in because i generally favour the status quo . 
  but greece showed how ridiculously impotent the eu can be , and how no country is in this project for selfless reasons . 
  they 're all in it due to self interest , and as soon as that self interest is threatened their guard comes up . 
  i see no future for the eu in its current form . 
  it needs tearing down and starting again with the lessons we 've learned applied from the get go . 
  i 'll likely vote to leave . 
  let everyone else get on with it , and we can always apply again later if they somehow do work out the problems . 
  tell them they 're all going to be dropped off the coast of somalia in a row boat with oars . 
  most will be very pleased to give up which country they 're originally from , and the ones that are n't will be somalians . 
  job done . 
  as a percentage of gdp the usa exports way less than 19 of the g20 . 
  the usa = 13.49 % the uk = 29.84 % france = 28.28 % germany = 50.67 % spain = 31.56 % [ source ] ( https://www.quandl.com/collections/economics/exports-as-share-of-gdp-by-country ) it 's a lot easier to influence your gdp when you 're responsible for the majority of it . 
  when your gdp relies on your trading partners economy not going to down the shitter , then it 's much more out of your hands . 
  plus , as the reserve currency of the world the usa doing qe is essentially just the usa stealing everyone elses money and giving it to their citizens . 
  hardly an option for everyone . . 
  well the united states of america is actually united , so that helps . 
  the eu is a bunch of kinda-similar-thinking-a-bit-i-guess-if-i-squint countries all essentially looking out for themselves . 
  also , us public spending only rose as a % of its gdp in 2014 . 
  it 's not like they 've been shoving money into public services and infrastructure since 2008 . 
  it 's a very recent thing . 
  it does n't serve as a counter example . 
   they created a strong narrative that there was only one true economic policy and the rest was leftist desillusions . 
  has anyone since been able to prove otherwise , though ? 
  ` mission accomplished ! ', 
  our bargaining power in the event of a yes vote falls off a fucking cliff . 
  but roma are n't a particularly distinct race , so it 'd be very difficult to be racist towards them based on ethnicity . 
  dark/olive skin is about their most distinctive feature , and that 's a feature a lot of europeans have anyway . 
  roma is an ethnicity , but that 's not what people have a problem with . 
  it 's how they act . 
  their culture . 
  plus , they 're not a particularly distinct ethnicity so if you 're wearing normal clothes and not trying to rob people in city centers no on will even think you 're roma . 
  yes . 
  it 's a hostage situation . 
  every other eu member is the hostage , looking at the uk 's body with a bullet in its head . 
  ` see what happens if you try and escape ? ', 
   so they are already preparing the bank strategy for when it happens oh how i hope this is true so we do n't have another 5 + year recession . . 
  we 'll just have to get better at diplomacy ? 
  threatening to throw the toys out the pram only works for so long . 
   there has never been a war between eu countries , and there can not be one because their economies inter-depend and they would ruin themselves . 
  a free trade deal would do that . 
  i 'm not convinced that germany would even want to be punitive against us if we left . 
  we 've been their biggest trade partner for a few years now . 
  we both benefit from being friendly towards each other , and we 've always seen eye to eye with germany in a lot of matters . 
  i just ca n't see them fucking that relationship up . 
  the only big member of the eu i can imagine trying to make things difficult is france . 
  we 're not on the same wavelength with them as we are with germany . 
  ironically , if the eu was just germany , the benelux , italy and france we 'd have no problems being a member . 
  i just completely disagree that the eu is the only thing stopping european nations from warring . 
  it 's a patently ridiculous statement . 
  there 's 50 odd eu countries . 
  only 28 are in the eu , so why are n't the other 22 at war ? 
  hell , there were only 15 countries in the eu before the year 2000 . . where were all that wars back then when there were 35 un-eu 'd countries ? 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  the information age , our free trade deals , the reminder of what war feels like , and nato are where the credit lies for keeping the peace . 
  you 'll never convince me that the eu is needed to stop us going at each others throats . 
  i think it 's grasping at straws , and if that 's honestly the best argument for the eu then i 'll gladly vote to leave . 
  if you genuinely believe that the eu is the only thing stopping ww2 , then i have a tiger repelling rock to sell you . 
  i 've heard more about srebrenica today on / r/europe than i have in the 2 years previous . . what 's gwan ? 
  we import more from the eu than we export to the eu , though . 
  it puts the ball ever so slightly in our court when it comes to negotiations . 
  i 'm sure germany likes selling us bmws , porsches and vws for example . . 
  wish i could do an eye roll emoji on reddit . . 
  like i said , at that point it 's a hostage situation .
