  i do n't understand why you scottish bitch so fucking hard about stuff for the country that does n't directly positively influence your life . 
  guess what , i do n't live in an area that benefits from the upgrade to the railways either . 
  a lot of the country does n't . 
  you all come off as so insanely bitter about other people getting stuff . 
  impacts horribly on the outside image of the scottish . 
  does n't do the ` tight ' stereotype and good either !, 
  before all this independence lark i really liked scotland , but the more this shit drags on the more pathetic you seem . 
  sorry for the truth train ( not a hs2 one , though . . ) ca n't wait until it 's all over and the inevitable ` no ' vote happens so that i can go back to liking you guys and this stupid independence bollocks is forever silenced . 
  you 'll just get trams instead ? 
  hue . 
  hue . 
  hue . 
  i just did the calculations and it seems green subsidies would n't actually be too bad . 
  you 're only looking at a few hundred million a year . 
  thought it was more . 
  because scotland will have a smaller gdp and a smaller tax income . 
  thought that was pretty self explanatory . 
  see , it 's incomprehensible . 
  it 's just a generally terrible title . 
  not sure of the content of the article as i did n't read due to just how bad the title was . 
  stop being fucking retarded . 
  the uk has always been conservative , it 's now just applying that conservatism to modern technology . 
  i do n't like it , but i 'm not going to pretend it 's some prelude to becoming a dictatorship . 
  it 's a frankly ridiculous premise . 
  we 've had a democracy longer than some european countries have existed . 
  okay , i will get back to you in ten years . 
  shall we meet in this thread ? 
  mark it in your calendar . 
  bit of living history . 
  serves little purpose , but also does n't really cost that much . 
  nice to look at . 
  few days off now and again where everyone has a big piss up to celebrate them doing something . 
  nope , that still is . 
   i think that there 's too much reliance on the south of england . 
  scotland contributes hugely to the economy , but is n't getting enough return at the moment . 
  as a counter viewpoint , how can you invest in a part of the country that is currently ( and has been for a while ) arguing for independence . 
  you 'll lose that investment if they gain independence . 
  also , in regards to them contributing greatly to the economy . 
  that 's a relatively new occurrence . 
  past 10 years or so , with the rise in oil prices . 
  before that , they 've been a net loss . 
  i think it 's kinda cheeky that after a few years of prosperity they start ranting about how much of a drain the rest of the uk is and how much we 're taking from them . 
  sure , in the past few years maybe . 
  but what about the few hundred before that ?!, 
  hell , the whole reason we united in the first place was because scotland failed at playing empire and was almost bankrupt . 
  i fear it 'll be ireland 2.0 . 
  we 'll see them back with their hands out in 20 years time when they realise that it costs a fuckton of money to have such a generous welfare system . 
  without uk subsidies , would that still be possible ? 
  would a lone scotland have the economic might to offer such generous subsidies ? 
  question , wo n't the uk be completely arse fucked when it comes to meeting eu green benchmarks if scotland leaves ? 
  it 's not a true even split though . 
  yes and no are reasonably similar ( slight no to independence bias ) but then there 's a substantial amount of ` do n't know ' people . 
  when people do n't know what to do , they generally side with the status quo . 
   if they want to become a dicatorship yeah , because that 's not hyperbole . . 
  if everyone did just 4x8 heavy squats once a week the whole country would be a nicer place . 
  i stalked a bunch of swedish clubs facebook pages to see what the average club going girl looked like . 
  i was not impresses . 
  not impressed at all . 
  and that 's coming from a brit . 
  our women are pretty fucking awful . 
  nice try , lithuanian tourism minister !, 
  does posting models prove anything ? 
  they 're the 0.01 % of any countries population . 
  my mistake . 
  i was going by memory . 
  i think i mixed you up with norway . 
  my point remains . 
  just change the percentages a bit . 
  chip on your shoulder . 
  finding offence where there is none . 
  they are their own country . 
  all the polls show a ` no ' result as very likely . 
  your view has been skewed somehow . 
  that 's just peoples perception . 
  it does n't make it true . 
  in fact , given the low population of sweden it 's extremely unlikely to have the most attractive citizens . 
  even if 90 % of the uk are ugly fuckers , the 10 % still accounts for more than the entire swedish population . 
  / taking this seriously . 
  because of that stupid latvia potato joke all i can imagine is a potato black market . 
  e-vote is always overridden if you do an in person vote . 
  you can always check how you voted online . 
  seems secure to me . 
  oh really ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  estonia also has a really awesome [ e-voting platform ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_voting_in_estonia ) . 
  i 'd very much like something similar here in the uk . 
  ca n't we just license it from estonia ? 
  i 'm sure they would n't mind . 
  if we ever do it i imagine we 'll make our own system that works half as well and costs 300 times the amount estonias did . 
  gchq has experience with this kind of thing . 
  at the moment it 's syria vs syria . 
  once the dust settles it 'll be syria vs others . 
  yeah , i missed your point . 
  my bad . 
   sweden is actually third in europe ( behind malta and cyprus ) in number of immigrants relative to population , or at least were in 2009 ( which were the numbers a quick google search gave me ) . 
  i think total numbers are more important than % of population because immigrants tend to stick together and form semi-ghettos . 
  they do n't distribute themselves evenly as we wish they would . 
  i think i did . 
  syria is just going to be awful when a winner emerges . 
   i 'm from the u.s. and pretty much liberal in most issues except for gun control & illegal immigration .
