  i try to be helpful to others , but i 'm not going to do it to the detriment of myself . 
  that 's just foolish . 
  it 's funny wording . 
  simply never tuning your tv in and not plugging it into an aeriel makes it exempt . 
  it saw limited action against us brits in the early days of ww2 . . not under fair terms , mind . 
  war is war , and that . 
  there was a hilarious / r/unitedkingdom thread to go with it but i ca n't find it . 
  not really . 
   uk has common law while most of europe has civil law . 
  do n't we have both ? 
  i do n't get what 's so bad about putting your own country before others . 
  that 's pretty much the least i expect from a government , if i 'm honest . 
  i do n't mean we should go around shitting on everyone 24/7 but if it 's a choice between the interests of the uk and the interests of some other country , i think we should come first . 
  shmock and a pancake ? 
  i wish channel 4 was as good as hbo !, 
  ] ( http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/utilities/tv-licence ), 
  i never asked to be born better than the savages . . 
   pretty much not good enough . 
  we ` pretty much ' handed americas ass to them when we burnt down their whitehouse . . look how that turned out . 
  no prizes for second place . 
  controlling the seas was always going to be extremely lucrative . 
  run it for a few seconds ? 
  i do that even with separate taps . 
  if it 's cold , it 's weather . 
  1.14 is pretty much the best i 'm finding . 
  barely worth betting . 
  for a ` yes ' result the odds are 4 to 5.5 . 
  says it all really . 
  no fucking chance of independence . 
  the bookies usually know their shit . 
  also , no potato . 
  only sub prime mortgage debt . 
  they look more like scones and that white shit is n't even gravy . 
  gravy is brown . 
   - it is not as relevant as it once was . 
  to be fair , no one is . 
   - british cars are not that awesome . 
  bollocks to that . 
  nobel , ariel , pretty much all f1 cars , mclaren , aston martin , etc. 
  we 're good at performance cars . 
  also , most japanese cars that are sold in the eu are put together here . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  we have a bunch of reservoirs here in the south east . 
   you need to pay a licencing fee to buy a television so the bbc has money . 
  not true . 
  you only need to pay the license fee if you watch live broadcasts . 
  you do n't need to buy one if it 's just plugged into your xbox or dvd player . 
  undecided never goes ` either way ' . . 
  the large majority will go with the status quo if they do n't know how to vote . 
  you 're just being hopeful . 
  they tried ireland first but ... 
   yorkshire pudding you 're going to enjoy this thread : http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/yu0n5/roast_chicken_w_yorkshire_pudding/, 
  pretty sure the tank in my loft is gross as hell . 
  i guess it makes pretty good sense , really . 
   we love to hate them . 
  i 'm so glad the feeling is mutual . 
  til that this is n't the same everywhere . 
  it 's fucking retarded now i think about it . 
  i just wash my hands with cold water and always have . 
  the water from the hot tap is n't hot enough to add anything of value to hand washing . 
  soap and cold water is just as effective . 
  i think most sane people realise a federal europe will never work . 
  it 's only the ultra left ( of which / r/europe has plenty of ) that think it has a chance of working and working out well . 
  too many different cultures , too much economic disparity . 
  it 'll never work . 
  i 'm for the eu as an economic partnership ... 
  but a federal europe is a ridiculous idea . 
  look at the us for an example of a broken federation . 
  there 's only about 12 states that actually matter when it comes to elections in the usa . 
  they hold all the power , essentially . 
  i think the time and money would be better spent on making driving tests harder to pass . 
  also periodic re-testing every 15 years . 
  speed does n't kill , bad driving does . 
  there 's really nothing all that dangerous about a brand new spec mercedes , on modern tyres doing 120mph in a straight line . 
  the speed limits in general were set in stone 40 or 50 years ago when tyre and brake technology was in its infancy . 
  i know nothing . 
  hey , we 're not doing to bad !, 
  we can into economic success !, 
  we 've done better than germany in the past 6 months than they have in 12 . . !, 
  has the world gone mad ? 
   we are also a nation of renters . 
  homerownership is very low in germany , so that difference accounts for a lot of the difference between germany and some other countries . 
  what do germans do when they reach old age and ca n't afford to pay rent any more ? 
   apparently in sweden it 's popular to take a loan for an apartment and only pay the interest . 
  interest only mortgages ? 
  how very familiar . 
  they were all the rage in the mid 90 's and early 00 's here in the uk . 
  they 're an extremely bad idea . 
  probably . 
   if any country defeated our conventional forces first , as i said , and all we had left was total submission or launching the nukes then why not launch ? 
  why have nukes at all if you are n't going to use them for defence , not offensively , when your conventional forces are defeated ? 
  because you 've lost . 
  no one wins when it comes to nuclear war . . you just admit defeat . 
  nukes are deterrents . . 
  they 're not meant to be used as offensive weapons at all . 
   fun aside , tony blair remarked once that never in history have two democracies gone to war with each other . 
  wait , is that true ?? 
  edit : [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_between_democracies ), 
   it 's not exactly like this kind of problems ca n't happen in england ... are you serious ? 
  i was talking about distractions in general , i guess .
