   if you quickly go over some wikipedia articles you 'll find that russo-american relations are amongst the friendliest relations 2 countries can have i do n't think i ` get ' romanian humour . 
  uk = 0 % okay , can someone explain to me how the fuck we managed this ? 
  good going , government . 
  then what are you talking about ? 
  war is basically it . 
  that 's the only course of strong action that can be taken . 
  everything else is bullshit and everyone knows it . 
  so unless you 're proposing war , you 're not proposing shit . 
  because there 's certainly not any far reaching consequences for starting a proxy war with russia directly on their border . 
  certainly not , say , 6,000 nuclear weapons to think about . 
  you 're taking a very simplistic view of the situation , op . 
  you 'd probably be the first person complaining when everyones nuclear arsenals get put onto high alert and we get back to cold war levels of tension . 
  so yeah , you 're right . 
  i think our leaders were a bit afraid of a fucking colder winter in the eu . 
  nuclear winter is generally quite cold . 
  thatchers sell off of council housing took a while to become ` disastrous ' . 
  quite indiscriminate . 
  grads are still in use ? 
  you realise troops do n't just teleport into london , right ? 
  they need to actually travel across 3,400 miles of ocean to get here ... 
  it 's not an easy task . 
  not even for the usa . 
  when first world nations square up , there 's very little in it . 
  you only need to be a bit lucky to take out an aircraft carrier in reality . 
  it 's not actually been tried since the second world war . 
  all the defenses are theoretical and untested , and the few times they 've need to be relied on [ they 've failed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_stark_ ( ffg-31 \\ ) #missile _ attack ) . . technology is n't infallible . 
  you 're not properly accounting for home advantage and the fact we 're a first world nation . 
  the us capabilities are much more suited to countries that do n't have the technology and experience to take out their carriers . 
  this is n't jingoism , it 's realism . 
   in a conventional war russia , china and america are all fully capable of invading these islands relatively easily what , if they joined forces ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  otherwise ? 
  not a chance . 
  there has n't been a successful invasion of the british isles in almost 1000 years . 
  i think we 'll be okay . 
   putin is n't stupid enough to pick a fight with a nuclear power anyway . 
  no one is . 
  apart from pakistan . 
  which is kind of silly , because using the falklands as a distraction killed the junta . 
  i said 1982 , not 1882 . 
  i was waiting for this as i was scrolling . 
  i either wanted this , or i wanted a long detailed post that just excluded the world cup entirely . 
  ( but please wait until at least 2020 ) but seriously , we do n't even need an aircraft carrier down there any more to defend against argentina . 
  that was the entire point of building mount pleasant . 
  it 's all sabre rattling anyway . 
  nothing 's going to happen . 
  i do n't think there 'd even really be popular support for it in argentina . 
  seems to me she 'd lose more votes than she 'd gain from the small right wing nutcase demographic . 
  i thought we did that back in 1982 ? 
  i was wondering who was going to be the first . 
  it 's actually impossible to have a thread without ukip being mentioned . 
  holy shit . 
  backpack sails !, 
  do n't be so harsh on yourselves . 
  sometimes you get in the news because your football fans have thrown bananas at black players . 
  and if there 's one thing scotland knows , it 's trams . 
  ^ ^ pftchchc, 
   price per unit : $ 1 million . 
  that 's extremely reasonable . 
   it is literally impossible to get a seat in public transport . 
  which is probably why they 've included minimal seating . 
  looks like they 've been designed for standing passengers to me . 
  i 'd be interested to know which parts of your post i misread . 
  because i 'm just not seeing it . 
  maybe you mistyped . 
  that 's a right cop out , imo . 
  so you start off your post by saying ukip have no policies , then you list some policies ( which absolutely fall under the populist bollocks i mentioned above ) and then you say they 're the only viable candidate is ukip . 
  so the only political party you will vote for , is one you yourself admit do n't even have any policies . 
  your post is generally riddled with inaccuracies . 
  # 25bn is the expected cost of the entire trident replacement . 
  not per submarine . 
  reducing submarines to 3 from 4 would save maybe # 3bn at a stretch . 
  also , that cut has been talked about for at least a year by the media . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  it was probably on the cards by all the parties until russia started acting up . 
  that 's basically put an end to the trident replacement argument . 
  also , you said that old nige plans to stop suspected terrorists coming into the country to work . . you genuinely think that is n't already policy ? 
  you think we just let terrorists in . 
  oh , come on in terrorists !, 
  asda jobs for all !, 
  oh , and what do you mean above 45 ? 
  so 42 year old terrorists are allowed in ? 
  makes no sense . 
  you 're an example of the guy in the pub i was talking about . 
  picks up tidbits of bollocks and passes them on to other people until eventually there 's a huge demographic of uninformed and ignorant people . 
  it 's like political chinese whispers . 
  so the solution is to make it even worse ? 
  i 'm sure he would n't have minded if the joke was even slightly funny . 
  it was objectively bad . 
  as if they 'd have realistically been able to achieve any of those goals . . 
  goebbels was undeniably good at his job , even if his job was reprehensible . 
  probably not something you want to be bringing up at a meeting of jewish leaders . 
  haha . 
  you think politicians wo n't do dumb shit in a federal europe ? 
  it 'll be even worse because we 'll have even less say . 
  they 're entirely populist . 
  every single one of their policies is the kind of uneducated and unworkable drivel you 'll hear fall from the mouths of idiots down the pub after they 're 5 pints in . 
  as long as there are romanians , there will be incredible amounts of ukip butthurt . 
  honestly , romanians on this sub have done more to make me dislike romanians than some nutcase political party could ever do . 
  he does n't seem like that bad a guy .
