  it was a diabolical plan , which was entirely self serving and completely abandoned a bunch of their voters . 
  we just need the referendum to happen . 
  if labour win and call off the referendum , there 'll be such a shit storm and it 'll sway loads of people who were on the fence into the ` leave the eu ' side of the argument just because they 'll feel we 're not being given a say in running our own country . 
  we need to do a referendum asap . . ukip are too popular and are getting too much attention . 
  every time farage is on tv , people get swayed . 
  he 's a good debater and speaker even if he is talking mostly nonsense . 
  people do n't fact check what politicians say . 
  if we did , we 'd all be too depressed . 
  a referendum now would likely get a * lot * of voters ( much more than 30 odd percent ) and i think we 'd likely stay . 
  it 'd put an end to the issue for a decade or two and severely damage ukip . 
  if you fuck up the economy , everyone goes down . 
  the far lefts beating post is the economy . 
  i 'm 25 and i do n't remember this time you speak of . 
  i remember all throughout my tweens people we complaining about the prospect of the euro and it was a big issue . 
  there 's not been enough time to form a ` european identity ' , imo . 
  less than a hundred years ago we were all out for each others blood . 
  friendship and a common identity is n't something that can be forced . . 
  it just has to happen over time . 
  [ i 'm pretty sure i have permission from the queen to do whatever i like . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/bsp/hi/dhtml_slides/10/passport/img/passport_4.jpg ) also pretty sure that it means the natives laws do n't apply to me . 
  [ we all saw what happened last time johnny foreigner tried funny business . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_expedition_to_abyssinia )  the force consisted of 13,000 british and indian soldiers , 26,000 camp followers and over 40,000 animals , including the elephants . 
  the force set sail from bombay in upwards of 280 steam and sailing ships . 
  the advance guard of engineers landed at zula on the red sea , about 30 miles ( 48 km ) south of massawa , and began to construct a port in mid-october 1867 , and by the end of the first month they had completed a pier , 700 yards ( 640 m ) long ; they completed a second one by the first week of december and the railway was already reaching into the interior . 
  at the same time an advance guard , under sir william lockyer merewether , had pushed up the dry bed of the kumayli river to the suru pass , where again the engineers were busy at work building a road to senafe for the elephants , gun-carriages , and carts . 
  to rescue ~ 10 hostages . 
  i think liz has my back . 
  lads on tour !, 
  lads on tour !, 
  lads on toooouuurrr !, 
  ( we 're just the worst . 
  i 'm not even innocent . . ), 
  it 's done jokingly . 
  yes and no . 
  yes technically , no culturally . 
  it 's easier to just call people from over the sea europeans . 
  the sea has a cultural effect that i think many mainlanders do n't really understand . 
  you look out from the south coast and you do n't see shit . 
  psychologically you might as well be in the middle of the atlantic . 
  not really . 
  continental european obesity rates are an absolute fraction of ours . . 
  it 's just extremely obvious when huge groups of them come into your town . 
  ` wow , it 's packed and everyone got thinner . . oh no , wait . 
  it 's just summer and the europeans have arrived . ', 
   do n't give them beer after nightfall or you will unleash the gremlins . 
  lets go fucking men-tal !, 
  lets go fucking men-tal !, 
  na na naaa na !, 
  uk , brighton . 
  we get tons of tourists in summer . 
  mostly students about 16-18 . 
  there 's a clear lack of fatties in their groups . 
  will you get in the way of our wars ? 
  lets face it , yes we would . 
   why did uk give the irish independence so easily wut . 
  i 'm in . 
   beyond ` fuck russia ', 
  how would it work , though ? 
  how do you unify militaries that have vastly different funding levels , and how do you get 27 countries to agree to a unified foreign policy beyond ` fuck russia ' ? 
  it 'd be well funded , but likely a neutered and useless as the un is . 
  good point . 
  i 'd not thought of it like that . 
  i 'm not sure if it exists , but i certainly do n't see much china fear here in the uk . 
  from reddit , which is mostly the american demographic , there 's a fair amount . 
  that 's why i mentioned america specifically . 
  i was n't having a go . 
  it just seems like the american government often takes a hard stance against both china and russia . . 
  i mean the military ` pivot to the pacific ' is n't just for fun . 
  i was thinking of the opposite scenario . 
  russia pulling out for whatever reason . 
  and in reality ? 
   the main reason i want to be independent is that i want to see a scotland where the more left leaning nature of our population is reflected in the laws that govern us . 
  am i the only person who does n't notice this left leaning persuasion ? 
  most scots i meet down here and on the internet seem to hold a lot of right wing social views . 
  maybe it 's just the ones on the internet and the ones that leave scotland that are like that , though . 
  is a ` yes ' result a commitment to independence ? 
  could n't the rest of the uk just make it such a shitty prospect during negotiations that the people who originally voted yes would n't want it any more ? 
  only 60 % voted for devolution in 1997 . 
  devolution was a whole lot less scary a prospect than complete independence , and it still only got 60 % . 
  seems to me a lot of those ` undecided ' voters in the polls are likely to vote for the status quo . 
  what do you think ? 
  current odds are ~ 1.3 to 1 for staying , 3.5 to 1 for leaving . 
  i generally trust the money on issues like this . 
  i might put # 50 on them leaving so i 'm happy regardless of the outcome . 
   i do n't consume ( that much ) uk national news i 'd never have guessed . . 
  putin the trendsetter . 
  i really want them to reintroduce wolves back into the uk . 
  there 's been a small amount of campaigning to get them reintroduced to scotland . 
  it 'd certainly help keep the deer populations down . 
  what 's the deal with such deals ? 
  what 's the recourse if one country backs out ? 
  that 'd be frank underwood levels of scheming . 
  america is going to fucking love this . 
  russia and china being best buddies . . 
  ` let me tell you about your country . . ', 
  and now as a percentage split , how much media do you consume in each of those languages ? 
  can you speak turkish , serbian , italian , french , spanish , german , etc ? 
  most likely , no . 
  you can speak your native tongue , and english . 
  so you consume the news that 's displayed in your native tongue , and english . 
  there 's no more dickhead politicians here than in any other country .
