  he moved to france , ffs . 
  we 're two sides of the same coin when it comes to the complaints he raised . 
  that 's hilarious . 
   give it some time . 
  why , what 's going to change over time ? 
   can you name a successful country without a higher education system ? 
  but i am sure you can name a successful individual who has n't been to university . 
  average uk wage ( including graduates ) is 26,000 odd . 
  average graduate wage is more like 29,000 odd . 
  it 's clear that , in general , graduates are more successful financially . 
  there 'll be outliers . 
  of course there will . 
   the primary benefactor is the country . 
  yeah , i do n't buy that i 'm afraid . 
  secondary , absolutely . 
  but not primary . 
  a degree generally offers you a better working environment and better wages . 
  it 's clear that 's the primary advantage of a degree . 
  [ plus it does n't look like the increase in tuition fees has phased students at all . . ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-23725540 ) i doubt a graduate tax would . 
  especially if it 's nominal and only applied after a decent living wage is achieved . 
  added advantage is that students who find out they 're not made out for university and drop out wo n't be stuck with a load of debt and nothing to show for it . 
  i do n't believe that was our ` one chance ' . 
  lib dems could have shown themselves as real contenders if they 'd stuck to their guns . 
  they could have broken up the coalition whenever they wanted , and i think that really would have won them votes . 
  it would have shown that they had a backbone , it would have shown they had principles . 
  i think that would have made them a much more important party at the next general election . 
  instead they now just look like a 3rd set of cunts . 
  they gambled on a slightly fast-tracked path to government and failed . 
  the country is now worse off for it . 
  because the money for such programs has to come from somewhere , and it might as well come from the primary benefactor of the degree . 
  the nhs is a great investment as well . 
  keeping people alive is super important and we all pay ni to fund that . 
  i 'm not sure why education should get a break . 
  especially when the people who actually get the degrees benefit the most from them in the form of a higher average wage . 
  it 's just a backdoor graduate tax , really . 
  i ca n't decide if i like the idea of an actual graduate tax . 
  i 'm on the fence . 
  free uni , then something like 4.5 % extra income tax on earnings over # 21,000 . 
  something like that . 
  some people say everyone would just move away after graduating , but i dunno . 
  i think peoples willingness to just jump country is often overstated . 
  there 's more to life than just money . 
  in the defense of the student fee increase , generally students will be better off after they graduate . 
  no paying it back until they earn over # 21,000 and then it 's only 9 % of your pay over that 21,000 per month . 
  if you 're earning the national average then you 're only out of pocket an extra # 30 odd a month . 
  really not that bad . 
  certainly not going to stop anyone affording a house . 
  i 'd rather have free tuition ( for subjects that matter , mind ) but hey , shit happens . 
  neither of the big two have it on their radar as far as i can tell and the little 3rd has proven they do n't give a shit either . 
  tl ; dr i think the student fee increase is kinda bullshit , but i like the new student loan repayment structure . 
  they campaigned on no tuition fee increases . 
  that was one of their big points , probably bigger than av at the time of the election ( although not generally ) . 
  then they sailed the students down the river in an attempt to change the voting system to one that favours them more . 
  political games at the expense of their voters , imo . 
  they 'd have been so much better off if they 'd have put their foot down on tuition fees and postponed av until the public were better educated on it . 
  i think they might have shown that they 're politically naive and inexperienced with that move . 
  i feel like we ( uk ) should be doing this . . 
  i think you 'd be pretty stupid as a fringe party not to form a coalition . 
  if it goes well , it turns you into a real contender and also gives you much needed political experience . 
  just do n't do what the lib dems did over here and sell out your voters at the first hurdle . 
  do n't be afraid to break the coalition . 
  that 'd be my advice . 
  is there a high demand for suit making in scotland ? 
  that seems fair . 
  [ i do n't even care that this joke is tired . . ] ( http://t1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrj8cndv7yzipropgveq8oakotfc-gz_qr8brl7pi9pz1jdanfx8g ), 
   want to make my europhile girlfriend the happiest girl ever ? 
  i did n't read the rest . 
  just send her over my place about 8pm and i 'll oblige . 
  ah , that makes sense then . 
  it 's the uk that 's part of the eu , not the individual countries . 
  therefore the individual countries that make up the uk does n't need to obey the eu laws in regards to each other . 
  that 's going to be a bit of a ` problem ' if scotland goes independent . 
  not that an excess of students is really that much of a problem . 
  well , as long as they hang around for a bit i guess . 
   i 'm currently studying at a dutch university ( and previously at a swedish one ) and they are actively looking to recruit british ( mostly english ) students . 
  why ? 
  so if the independence referendum gets a yes vote , but the eu referendum gets a no vote , english students will allowed to study in scotland for free ? 
  fine by me !, 
  what 's the average cost of a house in norway as a multiple of average income ? 
  it 's about 9.1 here in the uk . 
   you get a bank account with very good interest and you can get 20 % of what you save back in taxes . 
  holy fuck i want that . 
  it wo n't ? 
  i do n't get how that 's allowed . 
  crossed wires ? 
  i like the look of them . 
  i think their performance is lacklustre . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/challenger_2 ctrl + f ` kettle ', 
  they look so fucking cool . 
  and that would have been more likely to happen with a nationalized electrical grid because ? 
  and then surprise anschluss . 
  this is possibly the most insane attempt at boosting the economy i 've ever heard of . 
  i hope it works . 
  could only be topped by adding an hour to the day . 
  one of us . 
  one of us . 
  regardless , we 'd be buying from the french . 
   it can happen by surprise , or for example when there is an england game on . 
  computers are really good at stuff like that . 
  our tanks genuinely have kettles in them .
