  a shell of an eu with little to no influence ? 
   ( and if your honest than you will admit that your description applies just to the us and only very partially to the rest ) combined gdp of the ` five eyes ' is ~ $ 22tn . . 
  the combined gdp of the next 6 richest countries is something like $ 23tn . 
  they do n't even share a language between them and their priorities are all rather isolationist . 
  cooperation would be extremely limited at best . 
  there 's just not enough common values to get anywhere near the scale of the 5 eyes anglosphere when it comes to influence . 
  the usa is the biggest player , yes . 
  not denying that . 
  but the combined influence is what makes us powerful as allies . 
  if the usa was on its own it 'd have a lot less influence in the world . 
  there 'd be no mole in the eu , for example . 
  the idea that people will stop using us services is just unrealistic . 
  at best they 'll just ramp up encryption and hope for the best . 
  the usa is still a technological powerhouse without any serious rival . 
  all the worlds favourite services are based there . 
  google , twitter , facebook , amazon , * reddit * , etc. 
  that probably wo n't happen . 
  there 's about 30,000 people on / r/europe . 
  they 're not going to tolerate reading the same recycled shit over and over again . 
  that 's a big subreddit problem . 
  anyway , kinda done arguing here . 
  you 've made it clear that you ca n't find any ` death to america ! ', 
  posts and the one post you linked to i proved the user was actually american . 
  i 've done all i can . 
  there are two on the front page of / r/europe right now . 
  first off , that 's / r/worldnews not / r/europe . 
  you do n't know the nationality of that person . 
  secondly , that 's not even remotely ` death to america ' you paranoid twit . 
  lastly , reddit is about 70 % american according to the last survey i read . 
  nothing in any of the default subs gets upvoted without americans say so , that 's the privilege awarded by having  51 % of the reddit population . 
  what you see is ` them against us ' is actually just your own people being pissed off at what your own government is doing . 
  if americans do n't care about british spying then it 's not going to reach the front page . 
  you have problems , mate . 
  edit : [ fun fact , the comment you linked to was written by an american . . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1gac47/america_is_breeding_a_new_generation_of_criminals/caijq15 ) talk about being proved right . 
   essentially i consider this `` five eyes '' project to be an hostile act and i believe this is a game changer . 
  either this project has to be changed significantly , or we have to consider the participating countries as not being allies any more . 
  especially the uk - this goes directly against eu privacy laws . 
  when it comes to countries to start being hostile to , i imagine it 's not a great plan to piss off 5 of the richest and most militarily capable . 
  allies does n't mean mates , it means less hostile . 
  even during ww2 us brits were spying on americans and even using counter intelligence tactics to undermine the isolationist portion of the usa in an attempt to get them to join the war . 
  [ the winners after every war that 's ever happened . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sjqtdaortg ) they 're like war trophies . 
  just post the fucking permalinks to the exact comments that bother you . 
  you made the extraordinary claim , which means the burden of proof lies on you . 
  i 'm not going to do it for you . 
  it should n't be hard to post the permalinks if it 's as rife as you claim . 
  ok , i read the first 2 you linked to . 
  they seemed fine . 
  a top voted comment on the first link :  we should not regress to a superficial anti-americanism ... 
  the second link you posted literally the top comment is bashing sweden for having a similar policy . 
  narrow it down . 
  i 'm not going to read 10 + threads in their entirety . 
  i think it 's all in your head , mate . 
  use the permalink option to actually link to the highly voted comments saying ` death to america ' . . 
  back to back spy champiooonnnssss . 
   where were you last week when r/europe was chanting `` death to america '' after prism was revealed ? 
  should be easy enough to link to such material . 
  ( you will not , because it does n't exist . ), 
  i think he worded that badly . 
  he probably believes that reparations should have been agreed upon for other aspects of what went on during ww2 , but were n't . 
  serious question , are they not just spoils of war ? 
  the trick to not getting your shit looted is to not lose a war . 
  double so when it 's a war you started . 
  i do n't hold any grudge against germany , but what happened , happened . 
  there was bullshit on both sides , and in the grand scheme of things a bit of stolen art was the least of the bullshit that went down during ww2 . 
  we 'll be listening to your data regardless of if we 're in the eu or not , though . 
   british politicians seem to be disconnected elitists who are usually utterly lacking in charisma . 
  and thank fuck for that , tbh . 
  charisma is seriously fucking dangerous . 
   neither are european countries , so no . 
  turkey is nearer the middle east than mainland europe . 
  it 's all i have to go on . 
  i reckon a few batons to the head and you 'd change your tune . 
  those things are deceptively dangerous . 
  it 's weird that germany still has a church tax . 
  what 's with that ? 
   it looks like a penis on euros ha , so that 's sweden . 
   what cities/areas of europe are most like the west coast of the u.s. 
  in what way ? 
  politically , culturally , economically ? 
  laziest false flag ever . 
  it was a joke , bud . 
   a brutal secular dictatorship is not much better than a theocracy . 
  you can kill a man , you ca n't kill an idea . 
  i 'd take secular dictator over religious nutter any day of the week . 
   they 're too weak politically they control a huge portion of europes gas . 
  they 're not politically weak , although they do become a bit stronger politically when winter comes around . 
  this is the dumbest fucking move ever . 
  i have no idea what the reasoning behind this is . 
  we should either support the relatively secular assad regime or just let nature takes its course . 
  giving guns to religious nutters in the middle east has literally never gone well for us . 
  you 're removed from turkey by about 3000 miles of sea . 
  easy for you to say . 
   secondly , in terms of gdp per capita it would be one of the poorest ( despite turkey 's considerable economic growth in recent years ) which would complicate free movement the turkish guys in my gym are almost exclusively assholes . 
  i 'm not sure i want more of them . 
   everything from crime to corruption has been going down well that happens when all your criminals leave the country for greener pastures . 
  ( hue hue hue ), 
  nothing to worry about then , i imagine . 
  just opportunistic scumbaggery . 
   the rioting in stockholm has nothing to do with religion . 
  it 's socio-economically deprived areas with high unemployment for young people , leading to boredom and frustration , combined with a long-running distrust in the police .
