  but that 25gb is free in participating countries , which is most of the eu , america and australia . 
  pretty sure i could look back to 2010 and find equal amounts of outrage for fptp . 
  and they were pro av . 
  biggest state is california , no ? 
  got ta catch 'em allllll, 
  but i ca n't imagine us kicking immigrants that already live here out . 
  just stopping any more coming in . 
  it 'd be chaos if we started kicking people out . 
  i imagine the same would be true in other countries . 
  if by some miracle we get such an opt out , this subreddit is going to be insufferable . 
  honestly , regardless of tax receipts 300k + people a year is hard amount of people to accommodate . 
  that 's why i like calling him dave . 
   the other is to get a renegotiation with the eu on the freedom of movement this will never happen . 
  it 's like trying to negotiate the sky from being blue . 
  ireland , though ? 
  our sub is majorly butthurt at the moment . 
  if the tories win again in 2020 , it probably wo n't even be worth visiting any more . 
  the guy in the videos accent makes it sound like he 's saying ` nigger farage ' . . made me lol . 
  boo this man !, 
  they kind of have a general idea of the theme , though . 
  free movement is the hot issue that dave wants to tackle . 
  france are right in saying that it 's a non-negotiable part of the eu . 
  yeah . 
  my tariff is # 35 for 200 minutes and unlimited data . 
  and that 's only because i paid barely anything for a brand new iphone on release . 
   rent controlls no . 
  it just wo n't work as planned . 
  i 'd need to earn # 50k + to give up my # 25k job and move to london . 
  i 've done the tube at rush hour once , and fuck everything about that . 
  also , 35 hour weeks do n't seem very popular in london . 
  my friends seem to do 45 hours as standard . 
  i currently leave my house at 8:30 and get home at 4:30 . . and i own my own home . 
  it does n't seem like that would be possible in london without a mega wage . 
  london is a fun place to visit , and a fun place if money literally is n't a worry and you can get uber/taxi everywhere . 
  but to live ? 
  it seems that people work too much to truly enjoy london . 
   no one is seeing anything wrong with that ?!? 
  seems fine to me . . \\  _  < _ <, 
  fuck you . 
  i 'm going to use you as a barometer of barometer usage . 
  we need to stop using the yanks as a social/political barometer . 
  if we do that , we can really let our standards slip off a cliff . . 
  or maybe they 've lived a life with overbearing external influence and do n't fancy a repeat . 
  we done fucked up by making that mega state . 
  although i guess it 's good that china has a rival in the region to keep them in check . 
  i do n't believe you 're ignorant of the connotation that comes with the term ` final solution ' . 
  calm down . 
  i think that if the options were abolish or status quo then your argument holds some weight . 
  abolish or federalism , and it would n't even be a competition . 
  abolish would win by a landslide in the uk . 
  because in that situation federalism is the unknown variable . . we 've been outside of the eu before . 
  we 've never been inside a federal eu , and the benefits and pitfalls are n't clear at all . 
  i 'm not exaggerating . 
  you 'd likely see 80 % + of people voting to abolish . 
  i want to see the country breakdown . 
  if it 's 70 % of latvia , slovakia , bulgaria , romania , etc that want a federal europe but only 20 % of germany , uk and france then ... well , it 's never realistically going to happen as the big economies can just throw in the towel and leave the smaller more zealous countries to have an eu of their own . 
  ukip also had the disadvantage of being seen as a racist party , and maybe they are a bit . 
  the people who do n't want to be in the eu or do n't support a federal eu is likely much much higher than just the votes ukip achieved . 
  yeah , we 'd vote to abolish if the only other option was federalism . 
  it 'd be a landslide . 
  i reckon pretty much every other major economy in the eu would do the same . 
  yeah , and how many of those 41 % surveyed come from economically and politically irrelevant countries ? 
  there 's no way to say that without sounding like a dickhead , so i did n't even bother trying to sugar coat it . 
  the strongest proponents of a federal eu on this subreddit often have flairs from small eu countries , or countries where their per capita gdp is tiny . 
   however i do n't think giving up ones national identity would be good for the eu nations . 
  i 'm fairly left wing , but i hate that idea . 
  i do n't get why we ca n't embrace our differences . 
  what does humanity have to gain from everyone thinking and acting the same ? 
  nothing . 
  the united kingdom of great britain , northern ireland and the rest . 
  or maybe it 's because they do n't actually do any of the difficult work and are n't really held to account by the media to the extent that national politicians are . 
  a federal europe will work well right up until the point the first federal tax is implemented . 
  spooky ghosts !, 
  if you get them hooked on bread , they 'll eventually move onto harder stuff like cheese . 
  before long you 've got homeless people sucking dick for brie . 
  hsbc was in the news the other week for doing the exact same thing . 
  if you 're running a huge public company and you * do n't * get a report done on the impact a brexit would have , then you 're not doing your job . 
  this should be news to no one . 
  if the reports say that they will move if we exit , then it 's news . 
  i dunno , i 'm pretty sick of france just sitting across the channel being allowed to exist and shit . 
  being all frenchy . 
  we 're surely overdue for a war ? 
  we 're haram , so the swedish stance is understandable . 
  [ or , alternatively . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/keouryv.png ), 
  opposing reform ? 
  reform is what dave wants . . 
  he just wants reform that almost no one else wants . 
  us brits get a similar treatment when it comes to the gun control debate in america . 
  our countries record ` violent crime ' in completely different ways , but they still compare the two statistics to come to the conclusion that more guns = less violent crime . 
  i feel your pain . 
  it 's frustrating as fuck . 
  and haram too . 
   we need a strong european federalist group in the eu parliament . 
  step one should probably be to get the citizens of europe on board first . 
  there does n't seem to be much federal ambition in any country beyond wishy washy words by their politicians . 
  this sub is a bit of a echo chamber ( as are many subreddits ) and sometimes it 'll give you a skewed view of what the actual situation is . 
  sooner rather than later is a must , imo . 
  labours voterbase has been well and truly split between ukip and labour . 
  there 's 3 million votes up for grabs if he can get them back on his side . 
  i 'll never understand why people thought ukipers were more likely to be former tories and labourites .
