  how is it justified ? 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  cocktails i can kind of understand . 
  but not for a beer . 
  it 's a double edge sword for us brits . 
  we 're notorious in the states for not tipping , so i 'll probably get shit service because it 's assumed i 'm not going to tip . 
  so then i should n't tip . 
  but then they think it 's because i do n't tip , and not because of the shit service . 
  that makes perfect sense to me . 
  refills are n't free in the uk . 
  you just ask for another drink and pay for another drink . 
  i do n't really understand what people in the us expect from waiters/waitresses . 
  they take your order , and they give you food . 
  and if you make eye contact with them they come over and ask if you want more drinks . 
  unless they 're dumping the food on your lap or throwing drinks in your face how can they possibly fuck that up ? 
   uk and ireland - 10 % i do n't think we do percentages . 
  usually either a 5 note or a 10 note depending on the size of the order . 
  or maybe even just the coins they give back . 
  or maybe i 'm undertipping . 
  frankly , i think it 's shit tier culture we 're importing from the us for no good reason . 
  pay them a living wage and be done with it . 
  if you want to pay your employees 20 % more then stick 20 % on the bill and give them 20 % commission per order . 
  maybe you can answer a question for me , but one thing i noticed when i visited budapest was how the buildings were really interesting ( and tall ! ), 
  but a lot of them did n't seem to be well kept . 
  i saw one car had its window smashed by falling masonry . 
  made me a bit anxious walking around !, 
  is there a reason for this ? 
  here in the uk flats generally have a freeholder who owns the building and the leaseholders ( 100-999 year leases ) pay monthly to maintain the building . 
  is that not common in hungary ? 
  cheers, 
  in a ` how was this allowed ? ', 
  kind of way ? 
  while it 's always been common to intercept russian jets testing boarders , this is an insane amount of provocation . 
  what is putin doing ? 
  i just ca n't understand what he hope to achieve . 
  and if the south west of england vote to stay in the eu , what about them ? 
  or if wales votes to leave , but england and scotland vote to stay . 
  what about wales ? 
  the answer is , democracy is n't perfectly fair . 
  it 's just the most least unfair . 
  literally no . 
  scots play up how different they are to the rest of the uk , but it 's mostly bollocks . 
  well it was pretty obvious swift was never going to voluntarily do it . 
  did anyone even expect them to ? 
  but the eu can force them , since they 're based in belgium . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good idea , i 'm just saying that it 's likely the single sanction that would dick them for good and get them to behave . 
  at what cost ? 
  who knows . 
  i 'm not claiming we should deport anyone . 
  most of the people committing these crimes were born here anyway , and you ca n't deport british citizens . 
  where would you even deport them to ? 
  just saying it 's not to be ignored . 
   but trying to present them as some sort of inescapable consequence of their religious/cultural/racial background . 
  it 's not inescapable . 
  it 's controllable , but we need to tackle it . 
  [ we 're doing no one any favours by trying to pussyfoot around this issue . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ) trying to cover up the reality of the situation because it does n't match our idealist perspective of how the world works will just end up getting more young girls abused . 
   while i think the immigration scare is absolutely void of facts and is patently ridiculous taking such a stance is ridiculous . 
  there 's plenty of evidence for and against lax immigration . 
  it 's not as clear cut as you 're making out . 
  for it to be as clear cut as you 're making it out to be you must fully believe that there is no negatives that come from lax immigration policy . 
  and yet they 're still spending upwards of $ 50bn a year on it . 
  where the hell does the money go ? 
  i hate how germany hides behind ww2 as a reason not to have a military . 
  as if gaining a military would instantly re-spark their desire for living space or some shit . 
  come on germany , you 've been a very competent democracy for decades now . 
  you 've earned the right to a military . 
  it 's water under the bridge . 
  in reality , the german government just do n't want to deal with running a competent military force . 
  1 euro richer , 5 million more people to protect . 
  you do n't see how dumb and argument you just made ? 
  it 's a guideline , which almost no one meets . 
  * grumble grumble *, 
  no , no . 
  that 's not how it goes . 
  the first step of any good war is to kick the shit out of belgium , then re-evaluate the situation . 
  you think anyone in russia is seriously fearing a pre-emptive strike from the us nowadays ? 
  come on . 
  turning off their access to swift would dick them so hard . 
  to me that feels like the nuclear option as far as sanctions go . 
  could be a double edged sword , though . 
  they might create a competitor with a few like minded countries . 
   `` wtf dude !!, 
  we go invade now ! '', 
  what is this based on ? 
  certainly not history . 
  they are bombers which can have nuclear weapons on board . 
  it 's pretty damn unlikely they 're actually armed . 
  it 's more of a ` look where i * could * place some nukes ' . 
  it 's all ridiculous anyway . 
  russia tries anything and their whole country will be a crater before morning . 
  it 's all sabre rattling . 
  nothing to be afraid of . 
   but i do know people who have had to steal to eat . 
  they 're fucking up pretty hard somewhere if they 're forced to steal to eat . 
  you can eat a balanced diet for one on < # 10 a week . 
  you wo n't be eating steak , but you 'll be getting everything you need . 
  rice and beans . 
  half the world lives on it . 
   so i do n't know ... it does feel weird when the poor in rich countries complain when we move there willingly to , basically , be poor there and enjoy living in what is locally called poverty but we see it as a step up . 
  poor immigrants are essentially importing their home countries low living standards by doing what you describe .
