  it can politically . 
  any party who cancels the referendum would be seen as not trusting the british public to do what 's right , treating them like children and not being democratic . 
  gib fish pls, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  say that 2 my face . 
  yeah , it 's disgusting . 
   the uk is nowhere near as important as it thinks itself . 
  depending on how you rank importance ( military/economy/eu contibutions ) , we 're either 1st , 3rd or 4th . 
  either way , pretty important . 
  really ? 
  lol , with that one death iceland has overtaken our gun homicides per 100k people . 
  ~ 0.30 vs 0.25 . . bad times . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  film4 does fund quite a few decent movies . 
  we 're not falling for that again , germany . 
  ( apart from we are ), 
  i reposted my own map . 
   does n't want to give anything til that giving 3.865 billion euros = not anything . 
  jog on . 
  your country on the other hand is receiving 2.66 billion euros . 
  it 's weird how the takers are always the most pro eu . 
  http://www.newsnetscotland.com/index.php/scottish-opinion/4494-scots-equally-split-over-eu-membership scotland : 50 % want to stay , 50 % want to leave . 
  england : 40 % want to stay , 60 % want to leave . 
  hardly a night and day difference . 
  a huge majority of europeans can read english , and therefore can read british newpapers and form opinions about british politics . 
  if they were fluent in all the languages of europe we 'd really not get as much hate as we do since they 'd see that most countries are about the same when it comes to cunt politicians saying and doing cunty things . 
  yes , pm 's should step down every time an accident happens . 
  come on . 
  nothing would get done . 
  this makes no sense . 
  it only happened the other day . 
  this is n't normal behaviour , nor anything i think we should be encouraging . 
  i ca n't even do that . . 
  well i do now . 
  [ six correct . 
  suck it . 
  lol , i reckon i could do about 10-12 before just throwing place names at the blanks . 
  i ca n't even do places in the uk . 
  i literally have no idea where i 'd put hull , gloucestershire , birmingham , etc. . 
  if it 's not in the south east , i do n't know its location . 
  [ i tried ... 
  i dunno , i can somewhat see the logic . 
  lib dem + tory = labour but not labour . 
  unfortunately that assumed that the lib dems had a backbone , which they did n't . 
  it could have been good . 
  we 'll just get a bigger tosser in the form of ed milliband . 
  why ca n't we have david ?!, 
  why did they make the wrong brother leader ? 
  because the only other option was 5 more years of labour and that really was n't an option after everything they 'd done . 
  in theory , a lib dem + tory coalition really was n't that bad an idea . 
  unfortunately no one expected the lib dems to have absolutely zero backbone . 
  we expected at least a little resistance from them on obvious shithead policies . 
  instead they sold their sole for the av referendum and fucking failed . 
  what i want to know is where are the fucking lib dems ? 
  why did n't they dissolve this coalition long ago ? 
  yeah , it really did n't take long for the slippery slope argument to be proved correct . 
  i honestly thought they 'd at least wait until the technology and laws were in place . 
  this fucking country i swear . 
  that explains the lack of . . 
   latvia supermarket remains demolished after collapse that confused me for a second . 
  i thought ` well it 's not going to just fix itself , is it ? ', 
  fantastic , thank you . 
  thank you . 
  concorde , the channel tunnel ... french car electrics though . 
  what the hell ? 
  in my 1999 peugeot they were spectacularly bad . 
  mechanically very sound , though . 
  and if there was , it would only really cause localized problems . 
  googled ` quantum insert ' and only get gchq articles . 
  what the fuck is a ` quantum insert ' ? 
  i just ca n't seem to give a fucking fuck either way . 
  probably . 
  so where does the money go ? 
  germany spends $ 45bn on its military . 
  only $ 15bn less than us . 
  germany actually has an oddly high military budget . 
  it 's way up there . . 
  the perfect cover , no ? 
  i think one of the biggest revelations to come out of the snowden leak is the fact that we actually have a competent governmental institution . 
  it 's fucking huge . . are we meant to believe they did n't know about it ? 
  bollocks . 
  i remember everyone always asked to play pokemon for swaps and the answer was always no . 
   and tickled each other to get the information . 
  as someone who is insanely ticklish that sounds even worse . 
  used to buy an extra to stamp on and spray people with because i was a dickhead . 
   is n't the fact they used london the wrong way of doing it anyway ? 
  yep . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  okay . 
  15 years ago ? 
  probably the ira still . 
  the ira was a very real threat back then . 
  the sensationalist 4,000,000 cctv cameras in the uk figure is just that . 
  sensationalist . 
  [ here 's the report in which the figure is derived ] ( http://www.urbaneye.net/results/ue_wp6.pdf ) skip to page 21 for their conclusion . 
  they used putney high street ( in london . 
  with a high amount of shopping centers , malls and clothing stores ) and came up with an average cameras per business of 4.1 . 
  they then use this sample and extrapolate twice . 
  once to get the number of cameras in the whole of london using registered businesses and the 4.1 average of one shopping street in london . 
  basically 4.1 * number of businesses in london .
