  we have that . 
  it 's called nato . 
  forming a coalition of armies is very different to having a unified army and foreign policy . 
  they can fine us for not writing their laws into our laws , though . 
   well you participate in the making of those law so they are not entirely alien . 
  by and large we do n't . 
  34 % turnout at the last european election and over a quarter of those people voted ukip . . 
  so at best , 25 % of us care about the eu political process . 
  that 's pretty much the attitude i get from anyone i ask over here , and it 's loosely my attitude too . 
  i 'm fine just having the eu ticking over doing its thing . . 
  but if it really has aspirations to be something much bigger than just a trade/movement union then i 'm not really into that . 
  that 's too much integration for my liking . 
  i 'm imagining that you own a plane and you called it ` the flying fuck ' . 
  we must destroy their vodka trees !, 
  you forgot to kick the shit out of belgium . 
  that 's always step one . 
  you 're a soldier , harry . 
  join the resistance . 
  not much would make me pick up a gun , but an invasion would . 
   in london , you 're not buying a house , you 're buying a high yield investment i hate this shit so much . . ugh . 
  i ca n't see a way out of it though . 
  my sister pays # 1,400 in zone 3 for a 2 bed next to the tube station . 
  her landlord only accepts cash , though . 
  soooo . . 
  i wonder if they 're talking about the city of london when they put london , because that 's pretty pricey even for central london . 
  the military is a public service . 
  god dammit . . 
  this was my go to policy when it came to defending the eu . 
  if they raise it to 2 % as per nato guidelines , that 'll be $ 74bn a year to spend . 
  that 's significant , and would be a good idea imo . 
  people wo n't even realise they have downs syndrome because they 're the finnish entry . 
  / r/markmywords, 
  it must get them downs ... 
  rumour has it we 're going to have an orphan kitten with a broken leg as our entry . 
  yes , we already knew he was a politician . 
  methodical extermination of an entire race of people is pretty noteworthy . . 
  well you see , it would be forced to reach a compromise . 
  insta-collapse . 
  we 've done similar before . 
   only half only ? 
  what ? 
  it was a really big news story for a long while , and heads did roll . 
  my gran and grandad voted labour , my mum voted labour . 
  my other gran and grandad voted conservative , my dad voted conservative . . 
  i vote lib dem , but it does seem that political views are often inherited . 
  ask someone how they vote and then ask how their parents vote and you 'll more often than not get a sheepish reply haha . 
  i tried to understand it . 
  got bored trying to figure it out . 
  did n't vote . . 
  i 'll probably vote to leave based on the fact that only 35 % of people bothered to vote last time , and 26.6 % of that 35 % voted for fucking ukip . 
  the * vast * majority of people in this country do n't give a fuck about the eu . 
  we probably should n't have to answer to it . 
  one problem is doing it impartially . 
  you do n't want teachers pimping their own political views to impressionable kids . 
  i left school in 2006 . 
  we were n't taught anything about politics . 
  i still encounter 20 + year olds that do n't know that we do n't have proportional representation . 
  we 're not taught anything about politics in school . 
  we 're not even taught about westminster . 
  i was talking to a 22 year old a few months ago and he did n't even realise that we do n't have proportional representation . 
  politics should be taught in school , imo . 
  we never win at anything . . 
  haha , bants . 
  that 's not really how it works . . 
  for quite a while , at the request of the iraqi government . 
  but the us/russia and france ( plus more ) are already hitting targets in syria regularly . 
  where exactly is this safe haven he 's talking about ? 
  i think it ca n't hurt if we join in , but that 's a weak excuse . 
  eh , i 'm not a fan of constitutions . 
  too hard to edit , and who knows what the future will bring . 
  parliamentary sovereignty makes more sense to me . 
  even with pr i would still recommend a second meritocratic house . 
   sounds like something the opposition or a free press should do ; or the people themselves by not voting for raging rightwing cunts ... 
  the problem is that once they 're in , they 're in . . 
  if you give them unrestricted access to legislate then they 're bound to attempt some bullshit at some point regardless of public opinion or what he media are saying . 
  not that guy , but i genuinely think most countries would benefit from having some form of unelected second house like we do . 
  tyranny of the masses is one of the biggest problems with democracy , and an unelected second house can help with that . 
  you must n't make them too powerful , but you should make them powerful enough . 
  we have a pretty good balance at the moment , imo . 
  they just recently blocked the commons from enacting welfare cuts that were going to leave something ridiculous like 3 million families worse off each year by about # 1000 + . . an idea that actually had relatively high public support , but was clearly awful and unnecessary . 
  the commons could have pushed the changes through , but the lords kicking up a fuss and blocking it made people sit up an listen . 
  public opinion turned , and our chancellor just scrapped the entire idea today . 
  it 's the way the lords has been heading for at least a decade , though . 
  we allow faith schools in general . 
  islamic , jewish , christian and any other religion . 
  we ca n't very well get rid of the islamic and jewish ones and keep the christian ones ... we 'd have to get rid of them all . 
  but at the same time the christian ones consistently get the best test scores . 
  i think it 's worth the loss of the good schools , personally . 
  you ca n't have bullshit religious segregation in the school system . 
  it 's backwards as fuck . 
  walt and jesse taking the show on the road !, 
  russia could say tomorrow that it 's implementing a no-fly zone in syria for all but russian jets and no one could do anything . 
  they 'd have to follow . 
  the russians are in syria at assads request . 
  no one else is . 
  of course the russians wo n't do that , because it goes against their ` kill all terrorists ' narrative . 
  how does this help against ground to air missiles ? 
  it does n't . 
  turkey went full retard . 
  in the last few years of the war the british/american navy were incredibly good at fighting them .
