  apart from the fact that turkey is becoming more and more conservative in recent years . 
  i hope not . 
   when i was growing up , turkey was never considered european , always member of the close orient . 
  now it 's totally different . 
  i do n't know anyone outside of this subreddit that thinks turkey is european . 
  can someone eli5 why we do n't just plant vast forests ? 
  surely the number is similar everywhere . 
  7 % is still ~ 4.5 million people . 
  262 million euros each ? 
  the fuck ? 
  they 're old tech . 
  it 's always the last place you look . 
  you two shut down your spying organizations . 
  and , er , we 'll shut down ours . 
  mhmm . 
  there might actually be a new chancellor in the next 15 years !, 
  and it 'll only be new cars protected by it . . my current car is 15 years old . 
  i 'm sure many many people drive cars about that old , and will do for quite a while . 
  so how many of those 2,500 die in brand new cars ? 
  i imagine it 's a tiny percentage , as they 're generally the safer cars to crash in anyway . 
  so it 's likely spending 2 billion euros to maybe save a few hundred lives . 
  they just need to sell one extra sandwich to make back the loss . 
  i 'm afraid it 's not as simple as using troop multipliers . 
  mount pleasant was designed from the ground up to defend against a repeat of 1982 . 
  you ca n't compare it to what was there in 1982 , which was shack and a few men in comparison . 
  4 eurofighters , rapier anti air installations dotted around , type 45 destroyer always off the coast , hms clyde bobbing about . 
  there 'll also no doubt be at least one astute class sub floating around the area . 
  then there 's 1,300 military personnel . 
  also , we learned that ships take way too long to get to the falklands so we designed mount pleasant to be regarrisoned falklands war levels by air in 48 hours . 
  so all that shit i listed only has to hold any invasion off for 48 hours before it becomes unwinnable for the argentinians . 
  in reality our type 45 would keep the argentine airforce grounded and our subs would keep their navy in port , just like they did last time . 
  also , argentina does n't have the kind of capability to land 7,800 on the falklands and keep any kind of supply line open . 
  they 'd get their shit completely wrecked 9 times out of 10 . 
  for such a stronghold , labourites sure do shit on london every chance they get . 
  [ we get a big chunk of it thanks to those islands . . ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/44181000/gif/_44181393_antarctic_brit_claim416.gif ), 
   reasonable it 's pretty much never reasonable to nuke a nation . 
  only needed them last time because we had no base on the falklands . 
  we have a base now . 
  expected telegraph link , got guardian . 
  huh . 
  russia would literally need to just fight the war for the argentinians . 
  and i find that a ridiculous prospect . 
  putins geopolitical bants ca n't be topped . 
  okay m8 . 
  ugh , i mistook you for a different poster . 
  regardless , the uk does n't want rid of the euro so you 're fighting your own straw man of a kind . 
   you still have n't recovered from 2008 other countries with that prestigious title include : * france * germany * italy * spain * poland and i 'm bored of listing them . 
  not having recovered from 2008 is the norm . 
  now it 's just about who laid the foundations for a stable recovery . 
  we 've done better than most . 
  anyway , do n't be sad . 
  we wo n't leave anyway . 
  you can continue to take our free money for the foreseeable future . 
  we 're kind like that . 
  oh , and you 're welcome , 
  70 % of polish people do n't want to adopt the euro . 
  73 % of swedish do n't want to adopt the euro , and the government have no long term plans to adopt it . 
  77 % of czechs do n't want the euro . 
  and the danes have an opt out and do n't seem too interested in the euro really . 
  certainly not in the short term . 
  but we 're the only thing stopping a complete monetary union , right ? 
  pull the other one . . you need to leave the / r/europe echochamber for a bit . 
  oh right , sorry . 
  i misread what you said . 
  and i agree . 
  do you genuinely think that us leaving the eu would mean our entire financial sector would die ? 
  because that 's what you 're saying , and it 's moronic . 
  we lost ~ 20 % of our gdp during the global financial crisis and the sky did n't fall . 
  things were a bit shit for about 5 years , but we 're bouncing back now . 
  but if the eu makes our exports uncompetitive in the eu with tariffs we will make eu exports uncompetitive in the uk with tariffs . 
  the whole thing would be a stupid and pointless exercise . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  it 'd be an instant 10 % increase in car prices from the eu , for example . 
  how happy would germany be with that ? 
  just one example . 
   i 'd like britain to fuck off for 5 years while we federalize and re-join when we 're done ... 
  it 's hilarious that you think we 're the only hurdle . 
  could you be any more out of touch with reality ? 
  it seems pretty unlikely given that we import more from the eu than we export to the eu . 
   let france win it 's just not in our nature . 
  wow that is some patronising gobshite . 
   refusal to be an integral part of the schengen area even though pretty much everyone else considers it to be a cornerstone of european integration ; only really matters with land boarders , which is why it makes the most sense on mainland europe . 
  everyone 's used to showing their passport when boarding a plane anyway , but it 's a lot bigger deal showing it when entering a country via road and is a genuine hassle . 
  besides , with the current mediterranean immigrant problem we 'll soon see who has the last laugh when it comes to schengen . 
   the rebate no bigger an issue than the cap in the first place , which france and spain refuse to reform . 
  we 'll give it up when the cap is scrapped or significantly reformed , which will never happen despite the need because of france and spain . 
  france and spain ` running interference ' , are they ? 
   the insistence on an opt-out clause in the maastricht treaty so denmark ` running interference ' too then ? 
   refusal to join the euro we spent # 6bn trying to join the euro , and it did n't work out . 
  since then the gbp has done us well . 
  should n't have given us the opt out if you did n't want us to use it . 
   not a single thing passes in the eu without some sort of fuss from the uk . 
  lone uk fuss ? 
  is that it ? 
  it 's just us ? 
  no one else in the eu ? 
  votes are regularly passing 678 to 73 , are they ? 
  you ripped him a new one !, 
  yes , more politicians . 
  that 's what the eu requires .
