  first past the post is extremely unfair . 
  for example , in my constituency 51 % of votes last election counted for nothing and had no impact on politics locally or in the uk as a whole . 
  proportional representation means 1 vote equals 1 vote , and every vote genuinely matters when it comes to who runs the country . 
  lib dems , snp , ukip , greens , plaid cymtymmtrmetr all have it as a manifesto point . 
  labour and the conservatives do n't . 
  it 's easy to see why they do n't too ... last election : conservatives = 36.1 % of the vote = 306 seats labour = 29 % of the vote = 258 seats lib dems = 23 % of the vote = 57 seats, 
  you 're clearly thinking of birmingham . 
  where do you deport people who were born in the uk to ? 
  in a tory safe seat with lib dems as their biggest competitor . 
  also refuse to vote for a party that is n't trying to reform voting . 
  so i ca n't vote labour or conservatives . 
  the buzzfeed generation . 
   the majority of 16 year olds is just too vulnerable to populists . 
  looking at my facebook feed it seems that 's not something unique to teenagers . 
   intouchables this is the film i recommend when someone says they 've seen everything , and they always thank me after . 
  such a lovely film . 
  children of men ?? 
  i know we 've had to endure austerity but it 's not * that * bad over here . . 
  if you think women and men should be segregated i really think you have no place voting in a british election . 
  your opinions are toxic horseshite . 
   who warns of burgeoning obesity crisis in europe who keeps the aliens under wraps ? 
  we dooo , we doooo . . 
  i feel like the tv show the office did a pretty good job . 
  also , i felt [ tyrannosaur ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1204340/ ) did a good job at presenting the bleaker life some people live over here . 
  not so much the subject matter which is quite extreme , just the cinematography and setting . 
  brilliant film , btw . 
  highly recommend . 
  also , i thought [ kidulthood ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0435680/ ) had some convincing characters that most people have met at least a few time in real life . 
  [ human traffic ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0188674/ ) could have easily been a documentary about me and my mates from 20-25 even though we were doing it all 10 years later than in the film . 
  failing that , though . . just eat less . 
  ` what do you mean no ? 
  it 's st patties day ! ', 
  triggered . 
   most of the time when you refer to revolutions in anglo-saxon countries , people will remember instability , anarchy this is funny , because i was making that argument in a thread about russell brand yesterday . 
  you 've got me pegged , at least . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  hello , i am an american . 
   do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator [ 5 ] ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox [ 6 ] ) ? 
  none . 
   what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  the one true timezone , gmt . 
   what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe [ 7 ] the british posters , the french posters . 
   what could be implemented to make it better ? 
  start by getting rid of all the bloody europeans . 
   what would make you a good moderator ? 
  i would rule with an iron fist . 
  no one would be safe . 
   other skills supreme shitposter , with almost 600,000 comment karma almost entirely earned via shitposting . 
  a vote for me , is a vote for more shitposting . 
  muslims make up 0.8 % of their population , lol . 
  talk about overreacting . 
   anglo-saxons is this some weird lost in translation thing ? 
  such a weird way to refer to us . 
  i 'm pretty convinced he 's one of the most interesting men to have ever lived . 
  he really got about . . 
  but that 's easy . 
  anyone can get about . 
  he also made a difference on the way , and that 's difficult . 
   `` sneaky sex '' sounds like something you do at your mother in laws house . . 
  he was also claiming to be a wallet inspector , but he was n't really the wallet inspector . 
  question . . would we be free to buy goods that are made by us prisoners ? 
  that 's a bit iffy , is n't it ? 
   manufactured goods so , what ? 
  nuclear reactors , jet engines , haribo , dildos ? 
  the fuck kind of bullshit is that ? 
  it could be literally anything . 
  double plot twist , it was a sleeping tortoise . 
  well that was pleasant . . 
  if i had a penny for every time i 've heard this . . 
   the americans could have fought the germans 1v1 how on earth could they have done that ? 
  d-day was complicated enough and it was across only 30 odd miles of channel . 
  not sure how america could have managed a 4,000 mile supply line and landing into continental europe . 
  especially given that you just said the u-boats would have complete control of the atlantic . . preposterous proposition . 
   but given the population and resources available to britain at the time it was downright incredible . 
  we had the worlds biggest empire to draw supplies and troops from . 
  it was n't that incredible . 
  it 's * really * hard to answer that question , to be fair . 
  it 's too subjective . 
  it was a team effort . 
  if any of the bit 3 ducked out it would have been disastrous . 
  that 's all i ever say on the matter . 
  i think getting into a pissing contest about something none of us had anything to do with is insulting to just about everyone involved . 
  [ doug stanhope does a good bit about it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqecmtsgg5w ) it 's about americans , but can easily be applied to us too . 
  i 'll come out and say it . 
  those feelings are justified . 
  i 'm going to use this excuse if i 'm ever fired for being shit . 
  jesus fuck , how hard is it not to nonce ? 
   things can only get better * tony blair walks onto stage *, 
  first thing that came to mind . 
  a banking union is a big deal . 
  if a government wants to do something like that then they should really wait until the next election and make it an election promise for if they get re-elected . 
   on a second thought , it 's not ... if pharmaceutical companies found themselves for a reason or another ( embargoes , wars , disasters , whatever else might ever happen ) unable to continue production , there 'd be always the army 's own chemical plant . 
  but you can do the same thing by just having a domestic pharma industry . 
  in times of war you can just commandeer it or more realistically buy from them . 
   in sweden and spain , a woman is free to assault her boyfriend , even with weapons , and there 's nothing the police can do except arrest the man as no legal code for male victims exist . 
  i was with you until this . 
  this simply ca n't be true . 
  nato does n't cover colonial relics , iirc . 
   it seems more and more like turkey is european .
