  we 're getting new ssbn 's as well at some point . 
  by about 2025 we should have a complete navy again . 
  if no one could cause any trouble until then that 'd be doing us a * huge * favour . 
  being probably the dumbest and most weird acting animal on the planet . 
  i just absolutely love goats . 
  [ this video is probably the strongest evidence that there is a god . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18qmoz0ugqu ) because i refuse to believe nature could create such a hilarious animal by chance . 
  he 's the european dubbya . 
  hey ... hey ... 
  remember when dave said he did n't want anything to do with juncker ? 
  remember ? 
  remember the time ? 
  and remember when everyone here bitched about it ? 
  do you remember ? 
  do you remember that time , not so long ago ? 
  yeah . 
  step 1 ) avoid tax step 2 ) ??? 
  step 3 ) fuck , where 's the economy gone ? 
  why would it be the ridiculous second option when the first option is much more sensible and is how a lot of other countries do it ? 
  it 's probably where they got their inspiration from . . 
  bad turkey . 
  very bad turkey . 
  it 's going to be so handy during the fourth reich . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  absolute heroes . 
  especially as killing fellow muslims usually is n't a problem for these kind of people . . 
  they 'll justify it as them not being true muslims , or whatever . 
  lol . 
  one will probably be enough . 
  they 're not like argentina . 
  they 're surrounded by rich countries . 
   i guess it will be an argentinian like scenario one big advantage greece has over argentina is that it 's surrounded by very rich countries , so it 'll have some strong tourism income . 
  particularly , if everything becomes much cheaper . 
   no true scotsman is an informal fallacy , an ad hoc attempt to retain an unreasoned assertion . 
  [ 1 ] when faced with a counterexample to a universal claim ( `` no scotsman would do such a thing '' ) , rather than denying the counterexample or rejecting the original universal claim , this fallacy modifies the subject of the assertion to exclude the specific case or others like it by rhetoric , without reference to any specific objective rule ( `` no true scotsman would do such a thing '' ) . 
  i used it right , ya bellend . 
  cameron , in a roundabout way , is saying that no true muslim would do such a thing . 
  david pls . 
  islam has many many iterations with some being nicer than others . 
  this is just a bullshit ` no true scotsman ' . . 
  referendum was just yet another bullshit stall tactic . 
  snooze . 
  maybe . 
  but that 's not how the stars aligned . 
   i guess i just do n't understand the point . 
  i 'm not a very sunshine/beach kind of guy i have ginger hair , so the last hot holiday i went on was probably a decade ago haha . 
  i can relate !, 
  i do n't think you realise just how cheap these resorts in northern africa are . 
  my friend went to egypt last year . 
  # 600 for a week , and you literally did n't have to pay for anything else while you were there . . all food and drink was included , and the accommodation was 5 star . 
  you 're treated like royalty if you tip them a few quid now and again . . 
  they never left the resort , though . 
  all they wanted was swimming pools , food , drink and the weather . 
  anyone got a number ? 
  you need to register yourself in the uk . 
  i thought the 7 day time frame is because that 's pretty much the deadline they 've been given by the creditors ? 
  i do n't understand how the greek government is going to organize a referendum from scratch in 7 days . 
  they could n't organize a piss up in the brewery . 
  yeah , meet the new boss . 
  same as the old boss . 
  organizing a referendum in 7 days . . how is that even logistically possible ? 
  no one 's been told to register to vote or anything . 
   professional politicians it 's syriza ... 
  they 're just attempting to absolve themselves of responsibility . 
  both decisions are bullshit , so they 're going to make the people vote and then it 's their fault . 
  haha , holy shit . 
  this is tense . 
  can you even organize a referendum that fast ? 
  how the fuck is everyone going to get clued up on what the proposal means in 7 days ? 
  insane . 
  when the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie . . 
  very true my friend !, 
  also , it 's a constant 28 degrees . 
  by not doing anything i 've done more to keep the peace than obama has . . 
   however , when fdr , churchill and stalin met at yalta , they were called `` the big three '' even then . 
  they were already known in their lifetimes as powerful leaders . 
  well yeah . 
  they were at the helm the three biggest industrial powers on earth , at full war footing . 
  pretty hard to deny their power even if you hated them . 
  i think you 're right . 
  unless it 's exceptional circumstances the public only really appreciate a good leader when they 're long gone . 
  i feel like tony blair was one of them , even if his legacy is a steaming pile of shit on our doorstep . 
  haha , the rumors i started worked !, 
  paved with gold the streets of serbia are !, 
  government gives you a car and a house as you enter . 
  everyone there speaks . . all languages ever . 
  oh , and there 's no gays . 
  the good thing ( even though people disagree with it on here ) is that our security services will be monitoring everything they do from now until the end of their lives . . hopefully they manage to thwart any attempts . 
  apparently our secret services have thwarted 34 terrorist attacks since 2005 , but they do n't give much information on how for obvious reasons . 
  relatively certain it 's just a matter of time until we get a proper wide scale terrorist attack here in the uk . 
  something like 7/7 in scale . 
  [ this is probably the best documentary on the subject . . ] ( http://www.novamov.com/video/36ffd2e17e2ba ) i feel louis theroux was the perfect guy to tackle the subject . 
  after watching it , i 'll admit that i 'm still completely undecided on how i feel about it . 
   in the uk we consider the army as perfectly suitable to help out in an emergency , i 'm not sure if that 's the same position across all of europe . 
  not really . 
  remember the london riots ? 
  they waited days to mobilize police from all over the country to come to london rather than sending in the army . 
  i remember reading it 'd been over a hundred years since british military has been used against citizens on the mainland . 
  calm down . 
  the point of making the thread was to stop the front page being entirely posts about the french attack . 
  i completely side with the mod here .
