  i was paying almost double that for half the space in fucking brighton and i felt i got a good deal . 
   there are plenty of people who have been killed in western europe and almost everywhere on the planet for being gay . 
  yep . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/merseyside/7868151.stm http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/03/23/steven-simpson-gay-teen-burned-birthday-_n_2939092.html two cases from my country . 
  did n't take much googling . 
  can someone eli5 why russia is so against homosexuals ? 
  they were run be communists that hated religion for a few generations . 
  is it religion based ? 
  bitcoiners collectively jizz their pants , everyone who knows anything about economics winces . 
  eye for an eye would leave the eu blind , though . 
  it 's meant to be cooperation between countries . 
  i know they started it , but we just need to end it . 
  not carry it on . 
  ` does anyone else ', 
   if you want to live somewhere long-term , you will generally have to take out a mortgage . 
  not really . 
  in many countries renting is the norm . 
  where does this end , though ? 
  a supermarket sells someone bleach , then they take a big swig of it . . who is to blame ? 
  everyone should know that bleach is dangerous , but has its legitimate uses . 
  if someone uses it illegitimately and gets hurt no one blames the supermarket for selling it . 
  the vast majority of bleach buyers use it responsibly without incident . 
  better example ? 
  like i said , no one forced anyone to do shit . 
  we need to look inside ourselves if we want to see who caused the financial crisis . 
  why do our populations not know how to do simple maths , for example ? 
  why can they not work out the percentage of x ? 
  no one put a gun to anyones head and made them take out a mortgage . 
  answer me this , if someone hands you a gun would you put it to your head and pull the trigger ? 
   basic income aka , hyper inflation . 
  no thanks , jeff . 
  the trope around these parts is that they 're a nation of strikers . 
  you 're near and historically we 've been rivals since forever . 
  got to keep the flame alive . 
  but really , there 's not a disproportionate amount of french articles . 
  just the amount that a big country like france warrants . 
  if we could increase the boe base rate by 1 % my savings would n't be losing any money for the first time since 2008 . 
  you need to learn the lingo . 
  repeat after me , ` gib monies pls ' . 
   the uk laws as they now stand are far more stringent on the financial sector than anywhere in europe . 
  we are opposed to the eu measures because they amount to a uk tax . 
  seriously . 
  the proposed financial transaction tax is the only eu policy that would make me vote to leave the eu . 
  you ca n't just attempt to assassinate a countries dominant sector like that . 
  it 's complete bullshit . 
  imagine how germany would react if we taxed cars more , or how france would react if we taxed cheese and wine . 
  never heard of it . 
  might have to check it out now . 
  they need to make an irish ` the wire ' . 
   also it is about more than just economy . 
  italy should have a bigger impact on the eu in general . 
  i think we 're all glad that , at least in the recent past , this was n't the case . 
  berlusconi was a cretin . 
   in fact i think italy needs to lead any potential reform on the mediterranean and become the axis greece , spain , etc all look to . 
  i do n't think the current big three represent those nations properly . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
   there is no reason italy ca n't be on par with britain are we talking economically ? 
  italy has one of the biggest gdp 's in the eu . 
  it 's only a few hundred billion off ours . 
  reeks of ` dae hate tories ' , which is pretty damn tired . 
  comparing populations makes more sense than comparing countries , which are essentially just arbitrary lines in the sand . 
  falling behind india and china ? 
  we have a combined gdp of over $ 15tn . 
  their combined gdp is barely $ 10tn . 
  they also have roughly 2.6 bn people which is approximately 5 times the amount the eu has . 
  so to recap , 5 times the population , 66 % of the gdp . 
  does n't * feel * like we 're falling behind . 
   that 's got ta be some kind of record . 
  i could beat it if i tried . 
  the guy 's a bellend . 
  please ignore . 
  if you feel like coming over , stick to the richer parts of the uk and you 're quite unlikely to find his kin . 
  okay . 
  regardless , 14 days in it 's still entirely too early to call . 
  why do you need to tell me ? 
  i 'm completely neutral in this argument . 
  i 'd say you need to at least give it 12 months to see who was right . 
  i 'm guessing i do n't read/watch enough news . 
  i 've only heard about this romanian welfare snatcher bullshit in the last few months at most . 
  i do n't understand why you insist on twisting my words . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2004/jul/07/immigration.immigrationandpublicservices they said that about the polish too . 
  that 's an article from 2 month after the restrictions were lifted for the polish . 
  i do n't know who is right , but i know enough about what i do n't know to know to not attempt to call it after 14 fucking days . 
  gloat in 14 months time , not 14 days time . 
  but really , it 's been 2 weeks . . 
  it 's been 14 days . 
  surely it 's a bit too early to call ? 
  is london really given # 16bn a year for transport ? 
  if so , why do londoners even need to pay for trains ? 
  i like it !, 
   the ridiculous public transport budget ( what was it ? 
  # 2k/person in london and # 2/person in manchester ) is n't included in this . 
  population of london is 10 + million on a weekday . 
  population of manchester is about 0.5 million . 
  london needs public transport more than manchester because if even 10 % of londoners used cars as their main mode of transport the place would grind to a halt . 
  also , that figures seem dubious . 
  i have a feeling manchester spends more than # 1m on transport . 
   it 's ironic that the discovery of such vastly important revenue actually made people poorer closest to it , but those further from it richer . 
  aberdeen has been raking it in from the very beginning . 
  what are you talking about ?
