  it 's because it 's generally completely fine here in the uk to get completely wankered and stumble around the streets at night . 
  no one bats an eye . 
  that 's basically unacceptable everywhere else in the world . 
   czech girls are easy . 
   black guy got shot by hispanic . 
  media alters information to make it look like racial hate crime . 
  jury found hispanic not guilty . 
  riots ( mostly non-violent ) take place insisting hispanic be found guilty . 
  that was 2 weeks ago . 
   man convicted after suspending up a petrol generator from the ceiling [ 5 ] of his 14th floor flat to cut his electricity bills and/or kill everyone around him that 's absurd . 
  at # 1.40 a litre there 's no way he 'd have been saving money . 
  wait , so you 're telling me neo nazis do n't have everyone best interest at heart ? 
  colour me shocked . 
   youth wing wants to ban porn . 
  the fuck ? 
  i 'm not voting labour until miliband is out . 
   the combined european navy would be the biggest navy in the world , with 66 guided missle ships , 58 submarines and 4 aircraft carriers it is a force to be reckoned with . 
  dude , that 's much smaller than americas . 
  they have 11 aircraft carriers and 72 submarines at last count . 
  all this graph taught me is that i ca n't read that graph . 
  anything i can read on this ` pivot to the pacific ' ? 
  i 'd not heard about it until you mentioned it . 
  i 'm guessing it 's essentially going to start cold war 2.0 with china , right ? 
  are china really much of a threat to the us ? 
  the us is one of their biggest customers . 
  i 'm wondering what % of gdp is the correct amount to spend on defense . 
  4.4 % by the us is just clearly too much . 
  1.7 % by the eu is just clearly too little ( since we still rely on the usa ) . . 
  there has to be a sweet spot . 
  maybe 1.7 % ( $ 286bn ) could be workable if the entirety of the eu 's military budget was centrally managed . 
  because they are overspending allowing us to underspend . 
  if they spent less , we 'd need to spend more and then we would n't need to make use of their military . 
  the thing is , the us * is * overspending . 
  that overspending allows europe and most of the world to underspend . 
  also , do n't act like the overspending is some kind of selfless act by america . 
  with that overspending comes * great * power and influence . 
  that 's because the us spends 4.7 % of its gdp on its military and the eu only spends 1.7 % . . plus that 1.7 % is spent willy nilly by member states without much of an overall plan . 
  honestly , the usa is overspending rather than the eu underspending . 
  my suggestion is just what would undoubtedly work best in terms of a military force . 
  europe would never in a million years go for it because as you quite rightly said , giving the big stick to just two countries basically makes them the boss politically . 
  there 's also the argument of the economical impact of pouring maybe 200-300bn euros into each of their economies each year . 
  the war economy is a powerful one , and smaller member states would n't like to be left out of it . 
  there would need to be a common language at the very least , english being the most sensible . 
  also , as shown with ww2 you need supreme commanders when shit actually goes down . 
  currently that position is taken by the us . 
  we 'd probably want to put that position back into european hands . 
  what does the free trade agreement have to do with anything ? 
   so the other european countries just do n't have an army ? 
  correct . 
   or do they just cut down and let the french build bases ? 
  french take over control and maintenance of existing bases . 
   also would the uk and france be able to recruit enough manpower from their own populations alone ? 
  probably . 
  youth unemployment is rife . 
  europe would never ever go for this , though . 
  it 'd mean they 'd have to trust the french and brits and it 'd also be somewhat unfair because the brits and french would get to employ 200k more people each ( more tax payers , less unemployment , less benefits being paid out , etc ) and the rest of europe would be picking up the tab . 
  french could probably just expand the french foreign legion . 
  it 'd make europe very interesting . 
  the people who now collectively control the military would have no social qualms with deploying it since it wo n't be their citizens on the line . 
  would make for interesting conflicts . 
  no , full outsourcing of military power . 
  french could have mainland sky and ground covered , uk could focus on power projection ( seas ) and the sky . 
  only other option is ineffective localized and underfunded forces . 
  how does an eu military even work ? 
  who staffs it ? 
  where are the supplies kept ? 
  where is central command ? 
  which language does central command operate in ? 
  i do n't see it working unless you just full on outsource the military protection of europe to the countries who are already good at it ( france and uk ) . . basically , i think that the eu should be contribute to the uk/france military budget in exchange for military protection for the rest of europe . 
  us and france currently have the most capable and distinguished militarys in europe . 
  it would make more sense for the other eu countries to fund those 2 militarys to maximum potential under the agreement that they 'll protect europe . 
  otherwise all you have is lots of disjointed militarys with different training standards , equipment , effectiveness and languages . 
  that 's not an effective force . 
   it seems that the uk 's only goal regarding the eu is to keep it powerless and divided . 
  that 's been our policy for the past 400 or so years . 
  why are you acting surprised ? 
   it would be fair because more than half of people want it and that 's democracy . 
  i do n't buy that . 
  if 51 % of the population voted to revoke 49 % of the populations british citizenship would that be fair ? 
  citizenship does n't work like that . 
  you ca n't just revoke it like that . 
  we 're both just speculating . 
  i 'd be interested if anyone has an legal arguments about what would happen . 
  you 'd think it would be a case of all people born in the uk after the referendum would no longer be given eu citizenship . 
  i do n't see how it 's fair to revoke everyones eu citizenship in the uk because 51 % voted for it . 
  i wonder if it 's expensive to do . 
  trying to remember if my grandma was northern irish or irish . 
  pretty sure she was full on irish . 
  it 's annoying that i do n't talk to that side of the family any more : / any advantages to having irish citizenship ? 
  from a quick check at visa entry requirements it seems the only real advantage over brit citizenship is unlimited stay in greenland . 
  lol . 
   do you have irish grandparents ? 
  just claim irish citizenship and you 'll be good to go . 
  slow the fuck down . 
  that 's a thing ? 
  i have a single irish grandparent . 
  can i claim irish citizenship ? 
  question , if my country ( uk ) leaves the eu does my eu citizenship get revoked ? 
  do n't i have rights as an eu citizen ? 
  envious ?
