   you judge people by their names , which are related to race , not religion . 
  what 's an example of a white name ? 
  anyway , names often are a dead give-away to what religion someone is . 
  if he was called mohammad , for example . . 
  muslim aint a race , fella . 
  i 'm an islamophobe if anything . 
  i mean , i explained why that is n't plausible in my post . 
  watch the video if i did n't explain it well . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  [ here is how the doors work . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixehv7c3vxs&amp;feature=youtu.be ) basically , if both pilots are passed out in the chair the flight staff can enter an emergency code into the key pad . 
  an alarm will ring for 30 seconds in the cockpit . 
  whoever is in the cockpit can disable the request for access . 
  in the event of an emergency whereby something happened to the pilots , or the cockpit was empty it 'd take 30 seconds to get into the cockpit . 
  in the event of an attempted hijacking using the emergency code , the pilots could repeatedly pull the deny switch and cancel the requests . 
  so . . basically , this just got really fucking interesting . 
  either everyone onboard forgot the emergency code , and the other pilot was passed out . . or the other pilot was cancelling the door open request . 
  the quick descent is also apparently about as quick as the plane would allow you to do a nose dive . . why are n't they releasing the names of the pilots ? 
  is that normal procedure ? 
  hmm , would bbc carry on iplayer or shut it off . 
  i ca n't imagine they 'd be able to keep it going due to licensing reasons . 
  maybe people could create accounts instead . 
  do n't really see the logic in this . 
  anyone should be able to block anyone from seeing ** their ** content if they wish . 
  seems like meddling to me . 
   would n't call the island itself very important . 
  the importance of our strategic penguin supply can not be overstated . 
   replace them with patriotic settlers , i remember watching a documentary that had an interview with an argentine conscript . 
  he basically said that he expected to arrive as a liberator in a long occupied argentinian land , but instead when he got there all he saw was british people , british houses , british weather and red phone boxes . 
  it was n't argentina to him . 
  that 's a lot of effort . 
  anyone who is willing to go through that much effort to get into your country is probably someone you want in your country . 
  how do you know the airframe age of flights you take ? 
  i 'd like this information so i can scare my friend with it . 
  that assumes the event was completely random . 
  that 's a good point . 
  the ground crews might be even more on edge and careful when doing maintenance , though . 
  it * probably * is safer to fly after a high profile crash with unknown cause . 
  plane 's almost as old as me !, 
  that 's weird to think about . 
  then again , there 's b52 airframes that have been in the air for 60 years odd , and are expected to last another 40 . 
  460mph , or 740kph for those wondering . 
  they 're very dead . 
  i feel like we 're just getting more and more plane crashes . 
  i guess it makes sense with us using more and more planes , but it still makes me more nervous about flying than i 've ever been . 
  hope there 's survivors . 
  happens more than you think , apparently . 
  the tories wo n't team up with ukip . 
  they do that , they 're dead come next election . 
  they 'll take the lose before they hand labour their moderate voters on a silver platter . 
  con/dems or labour/snp is the most likely situation . 
   or a conservative minority government with ukip holding the balance of power . 
  this is not a realistic proposition . 
  they 're predicted 8 seats absolute maximum . 
  same thing , essentially . 
  you can see in the video they 're white . 
  i like the / r/worldnews thread on this . 
  no one seems to understand how shit our drinking culture is . . 
  they 're convinced this is some antisemetic statement , when in reality it 's just drunken cunts being drunken cunts . 
  if they were passing a mosque they 'd have likely smashed that up instead . 
  or maybe if they were passing a mcdonalds . . any excuse . 
  nothing would ever get done in 6 years . 
  it takes longer than that to upgrade infrastructure . 
  some projects work on multi decade time scales . . 
   now , why anyone thinks that the resources of a private company are going to be able to do this better than the resources of a whole country is beyond me . 
  you live in a capitalistic country . 
  private companies * are * the resources of the whole country . 
   fact is , the upgrading of a countries water infrastructure takes a lot of time and a lot of money . 
  more time and more money than a private , for profit company is going to have the skill , time and inclination to do . 
  mental . 
  private companies do huge infrastructure jobs like this all the time . 
  i mean , just look at how we fared in the uk from privatization : * increased investment ( in the six years after privatisation the companies invested # 17bn , compared to # 9.3 bn in the six years before privatisation ) * brought about compliance with stringent drinking water standards * led to a higher quality of river water . 
  * network pressure has improved substantially : the share or `` properties at risk of low pressure '' declined from 1.33 % in 1990-95 0.01 % in 2009-10 . 
  * supply interruptions have declined : the share of properties subject to unplanned supply interruptions of 12 hours or more declined from 0.33 % to 0.06 % during the same period ( 15 years ) . 
  * the number of written complaints not responded to within ten working days has declined from 21 % to less than 1 % . 
  * leakage has been reduced from 5,112 megaliters per day in 1994-95 to less than 3,281 megaliters per day in 2009-10 ( the measuring method of two companies has changed over the period , so the actual reduction is even higher ) i think you 're all mad for fighting this reform . 
   we have 41 % of treated water lost , that is 520,000,000 euros lost every year to leaks . 
  that 's absolutely mental . 
  what the hell ? 
   i would n't even be totally against it , however the biggest problem is that it 's being privatized and the water quality ** in some area 's is literally undrinkable . 
  ** is n't this the precise reason they want to privatize it ? 
  the government clearly are n't doing a good job if there 's undrinkable tap water in some places . 
  this whole issue seems absolutely ridiculous to me . 
   we pay for it through taxes already but you wo n't need to soon . 
  the money that used to be spent on providing shitty water will be able to be put to better use , and you 'll have tap water you can actually drink . 
  there 's no way around having to spend money to improve your water infrastructure . 
  it 's sunday . 
  should have posted it tomorrow if you wanted a wide audience . 
   sure it will . 
  this story has been submitted 3 times in the last 24 hours . 
  this sub loves to hate the uk . 
  all by swiss flairs , haha . 
  no , just you . . 
   you have to activate roaming first on their website god dammit !, 
  well david cameron introduced a scheme for people who have been unemployed for more than 3 months , although in practice i think it 's generally only done with people who 've been unemployed much longer . 
  it 's called workfare . 
  you stop getting your # 72.50 a week job seekers allowance if you do not go to work at the place that the government tells you to . 
  employers can sign up to take on these job seekers . 
  they pay nothing for the job seekers , and the government pays the # 72.50 to the worker for 30 hours work . 
  it essentially makes their wage # 2.41 instead of the # 6.70 it should be . . and the companies get free labour . 
  it 's very controversial , but the idea is to get people work experience .
