  it works the same in any country . '', 
  it 's be a real * shame * if it came out that the attorney general is fucking his secretary . 
  do n't ask me how i know . 
  wink wink , nudge nudge . . 
  http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2013/jun/16/gchq-intercepted-communications-g20-summits kinda similar thing . 
  now you 're thinking with spy agencies !, 
  there 's probably more to the decision than just that . 
  what about agility , counter measures , etc ? 
  plus the an-70 has had 2 built since 1994 . 
  fair to say it 's a bit of a lemon with those kind of stats . 
  at the very least the technology in it is going to be extremely out of date by now . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  if everyone is doing it then it 's an equal playing field . 
  that 's kinda the point of spying . 
  you need to know what everyone is up to for it to be effective . 
  it 's a remake of ` the wannsee conference ' ( 1984 ) which was in german using german actors . 
  have no idea of the quality , though . 
  also , yes . 
  stanley tucci is great . 
  do n't think i 've ever seen a film with him as a main character , but he 's a fantastic supporting actor . 
   launching hours of pointless debate . 
  pointless to who ? 
  i just watched conspiracy ( 2001 ) 2 days ago and am therefore more interested in this than i would be usually . 
  what possible reason would there be to keep this a secret still other than politics . 
  commenting to save . 
  the only reason scotland is even part of the uk is because of it 's failed [ attempt at playing empire ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darien_scheme ) . 
  your ancestors joined our ancestors because they were bankrupt and their influence was near zero . 
  they wanted our ancestors money and influence in the world . 
  basically , your history ** is ** british history whether you like it or not . 
  your ancestors are n't free of wrong doing any more than mine are . 
  undecided = no . 
  when people do n't know what to do , they opt for the status quo . 
  / r/worldnews = / r/fuckjewsandmuslims . 
  i hate waking up to find my elk gone . 
  ruins my week . 
  even worse is you know they 've just taken it apart and sold it for parts . 
  how does such a shithole country get away with having so many nuclear weapons ? 
  oh yeah , because they have nuclear weapons . 
  nato forces would be occupying pakistan right now if it was n't for the nukes . 
  and people wonder why iran want some !, 
  these are not smart men . 
  welcome , edl overlords . 
  i 'm under no illusion that germany is doing the same , but probably on a smaller less useful scale . 
  every country is at it , and if they 're not then they 've dropped the ball . 
  see you in 5 decades when you 're bankrupt . 
  we 'll be waiting , loan in one hand and unfavourable terms in the other . 
  in the long run this might be a net gain for us . 
  get rid of your cushy free tuition and prescriptions during the renegotiation . 
  trollingbutnotreally . 
  you do n't have to go full retard because the uk/us are for you . 
  ( also , you are going full retard . 
  it 's just not public knowledge . ), 
  anyone country who votes for such a thing will be setting themselves up big time for when their spying operation gets revealed . 
  truth be told , our spy network has probably already outed every other spy network by eu countries . 
  france , germany , italy , etc. 
  if they vote on such a thing , i imagine theirs would mysteriously become public knowledge by some anonymous leaks . 
  that 's why there 's lots of condemnation from politicians but very little action . 
  got ta put on a show . 
  they 're really good at treating pigs really badly . 
  i know that . 
  i just think that information is power . 
   if for a swedish wine is a luxury good , here is not . 
  wine is a normal part of the everyday diet . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  you like it , you pay for it . 
  that 's hilarious . 
   the values of the english are markedly different from scottish , welsh and irish values , and a lot more in line with the other four eyes . 
  also , the usa is made up of italians , irish , german , etc. 
  that would be a fucking disaster . 
  4th biggest eu economy , 8th biggest world economy . 
   just like the uk acting all high and mighty before the news of their own governments spying . 
  shit that did n't happen . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  easiest way to do this is to bypass the uk and the usa . 
  the problem is that people like using us services such as gmail , google , facebook , etc and if they want to use them they 're going to need to go through the uk and usa fibre . 
  more likely scenario is people get really pissed off when they think their life is in danger . 
  i think there certainly is such a thing as road rage . 
  i think the fact that someone making a mistake can end up killing you on the road , that amplifies the rage for some people . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2012/09/25/tech/innovation/self-driving-car-california there has to be a driver in there , of course . 
  but it 's still managed 300,000 miles on public roads , with other drivers without the driver intervening . 
  i could n't bring myself to click it because while i believe in the cause , i just know it translates to money whooshing out of my pocket at lightspeed . 
  i do n't agree with the methods currently in place . 
  there is no way that germany is leading . 
  has anyone seen the google car ? 
  it 's done about 300,000 miles on public ( unaltered ) roads completely unassisted . 
  germany has n't got shit on that . 
  edit : i am sorry for claiming that german engineering master-race does n't unequivocally lead the world at everything to do with cars . 
  i am also sorry that i let pesky things like facts get in the way . 
  incorrect . 
  he was not making ice cream . 
  reporting for duty !, 
  cheese is rubbish . 
  take that . 
  do you honestly think that germany , france , italy and spain are n't doing the exact same kind of things ? 
  you 're bloody naive if you do . 
  these kinds of operations are clandestine by design . 
  just because a country does n't admit to it , that does n't mean they do n't do it . 
  ( fuck that sentence . 
  i reworded it 3 times haha ) so , what , you 're going to remove all the biggest players from the eu because they spy on each other . 
  what 's left ?
