  spot on . 
  i 'd support renationalization of our railways if it 's done sensibly . 
  if they just take on franchises en mass as they expire without giving the private sector a chance to compete ( performance based ) for those franchises then it 's doomed to fail , imo . 
  i 'm relatively certain the latter is what corbyn has in mind . 
  i 'm convinced it 's only a matter of time now until he announces free milk for school children . 
   the tories tolerate tax evasion because all their rich buddies from the middle east and russia practice it . 
  load of old shite , with no basis in reality . 
  the tories want low tax , with everyone paying what they 're meant to . 
  that 's their entire ethos . 
  if the tories could scoop up an easy 120bn quid , they 'd do it in a heartbeat and probably cut some taxes at the same time . 
  the fact of the matter is , closing loop holes and collecting this theoretical amount is almost impossible . 
  corbyn has come under scrutiny by just about every economist about that particular pie in the sky policy . 
  it 's just not realistic , but without it his plans of spend spend spend make fuck all sense . 
  guy above already mentioned that . 
  in his defence he never said hand back the falklands , he said open a dialogue about the issue with argentina . 
  unfortunately for him , the falkland islanders voted 99 % in a referendum 2 years ago to remain a british overseas territory so there 's literally no discussion to be had . 
  and argentina are n't interested in dialogue anyway . 
  what 's your opinion of nato , because corbyn wants out and he wants us to unilaterally disarm our nuclear weapons . . 
  pretty sure the tories are going to try and go really easy on corbyn with the hopes of getting him to remain leader of the opposition until 2020 , then they 'll open their folder named ` corbyn lol ' . . 
  on one hand , i really do n't think corbyn will be leader in 2020 . 
  on the other hand , i ca n't see how ousting corbyn will do anything other than make labour look even more pathetic as a party . 
  it 's a lose lose for labour . 
  ` they 're just misunderstood ! ', 
  - corbyn ( probably ), 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  the evil tories tricked the scottish people !, 
  ( hate that argument . 
  makes the assumption that 55 % of scots are stupid enough to be tricked , and that independence was the obvious right choice . . ), 
  * wants to leave nato * wants to open a dialogue with argentiana over the falklands * has barely any support from labour mp 's * has rebelled against the labour party in 500 + votes during his career as an mp * wants to introduce a maximum wage . 
  * wants to implement rent controls * believes there 's 120bn quid to collect due to tax avoidance and evasion ( as if the tories would n't have done it if it were possible ... ) * wants to renationalize energy companies guy is 10 times scarier than the tories . 
   the labour party stopped being left in the 1980 's and they stopped being electable in the 70 's . . 
  how long until the first vote of no confidence ? 
  i 've got 18 months . 
  any takers ? 
  including all the foreigners with absolutely no skin in the fucking game championing a cause they know little about . 
  it 's a pipe dream . 
  the snp used the exact same tactic . 
  they could n't admit that they 'd have to apply like normal in the event of independence because being fully on their own was too scary a prospect for voters , and they 'd lose the referendum . 
  exact same thing is happening now in catalonia . 
  i 'm always wary of people getting interviewed not in their mother tongue . 
  i 'm relatively certain it can make them come off like they do n't know their shit , when often they just do n't know the language perfectly and ca n't articulate their thoughts . 
  or maybe i 'm giving foreigners an easy time . 
  who knows . 
   why is it suddenly ok to think that people should not have the right to self-determination ? 
  just a year ago it seemed it was the norm to give that right with scotland . 
  lots of people here in the uk were equally critical of the snp and their whitepaper , along with their motives . 
  they 're successful and doing well , while the rest of spain is a fucking shit show economically . 
  why does john cleese get so much shit like this attributed to him ? 
   we 'd love a bunch of educated immigrants . 
  yeah , someone tell that to the people writing your immigration laws !, 
  shit 's hard , yo . 
  this is how merkel loses the next election . 
  then why is ireland 12th ... 
  flying back over the uk and seeing the patchwork quilt of fields always makes me feel at home . 
  not really . 
  i actually really like this country . 
  whenever i come back , i always feel a little relief . 
  countries have to fight for democracy themselves . 
  you ca n't force it on them . 
  it has to be earned , or they 'll not know the value of it . 
  the hasidic ones can be pretty shitty . 
  i think those signs should be upgraded with a lot of other languages . 
  this is impossible to implement in real life . 
   the rumor of him being an alcoholic is made up by david cameron and absolute nonsense . 
  in our defence , we ca n't just put them into poor condition camps in the middle of the desert like some of those countries do . 
  yes , we 're implementing a ` from refugee camps and no where else ' system for accepting refugees . 
  we announced it last week . 
  we 're not going as far to deport illegal refugees , but we do n't have many anyway thanks to our moat . 
  it also adds an ' i told you so ' element . 
  we 're not deporting anyone because there 's not really any significant numbers of people to deport . 
  thank you , 25 mile moat . 
  the political ramifications of deportation is n't worth it for us , because there 's so few getting here illegally . 
  remember [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jz5uh/cameron_announces_uk_to_accept_20000_refugees/cutl3x6?context=1 ) conversation from yesterday ? 
  some guy posted on a stormfront forum about this subreddit 2 years ago . 
  that 's the real reason for the immigration threads . 
  * ^ this ^ is ^ what ^ people ^ actually ^ believe . . *, 
  [ i 've found out his identity !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgnvu5zjlga ), 
  what , one american belt ? 
  i do n't follow football at club level . 
  are you sure ? 
  the vote was n't binding in any way , mind . 
  it was a nicety . 
  cameron never needed to do it , and the pm has the power over the military without parliamentary input . 
  oh god , the title just kept getting worse and worse as i read . . 
  i actually lol 'd when i read the ` dirty jew ' bit because it 's just such a comically bad set of things to do and say as a politician . 
   not by yelling at france because of some 2,000 refugees in calais . 
  when did we do that ? 
  also , they 're not refugees in calais . 
  they 're economic migrants . 
  how exactly are we supposed to take the lead . 
  we 've said we 're doing this . . 
  if other people want to follow , then they will . 
  you ca n't just go ` okay , i 'm running the eu now . 
  we 're going to do this . ', 
  merkel is attempting that and it 's going very badly . 
  we 've taken the lead as far as i 'm concerned . 
  we 've shown the best way to do this refugee malarkey . 
   the problem is someone has to take care of the migrants already in europe they 're in mainland europe . 
  mainlanders should deal with them .
