  hindsight is 20/20 , though . 
  it 's very easy to judge after the event . 
  did the source just shoot me with a laser ? 
  also , i 'm pretty hyped that we did n't get a single vote for most arrogant . 
   finland is n't a nato member . 
  i had no idea . 
  i was sure they were . . well then it 's an even worse idea !, 
  pretty sure nato does n't count if the nato member initiates hostilities . 
   but for leftists white people are n't human mate , it 'd be easier to take you seriously if you did n't throw in dumb shit like that . 
  and why is ` leftists ' even an insult ? 
  it 's just a different brand of politics , not a fucking affliction or disease . 
   people who do blame this on race , are pretty stupid and bigoted , though . 
  race , yes . 
  subculture , well . . all the evidence is pointing to no . 
  1400 cases of abuse , with the ` majority by far ' of perpetrators being asian men . 
  this is in a town that it 92.6 % white . 
  something is up , and at the moment it looks like a problem within the pakistani subculture . 
  regardless , he has a point . 
  taser was clearly the way to go here . 
  the guy had a fucking machete . 
  he 's lucky he did n't get shot with bullets , frankly . 
  do n't act like this was textbook policing . 
  it 's a complete joke . 
  4 police and a tazer could have got the same outcome . 
  and a software update later . . 
  fixed !, 
  i like to think i 'd have big party or something . 
  then i 'd set up a delayed email to send to the local police department . 
  it 'd probably take them a day or so to get to it because it 'd just be some random police email for unimportant shit . 
  then they 'd come and deal with it . 
  then my family would be informed and that 's probably the nicest and cheapest way i can imagine doing it . 
  oh , and i 'd take a big shit before hand . 
  i do n't want to die in my own shit like most people do . 
  i 've thought about this a surprising amount for someone who has no intention of killing themselves . 
  the murder rate is as near as matters 5 times higher in the usa . 
  we classify more things as crimes than the us does , so it 's no real surprise . 
   the uk has twice as much robbery as the usa no one cares . 
  a stolen xbox is better than a dead person . 
   the uk has twice as much assault victims as the usa . 
  assault is classified differently between countries . 
  swearing at someone and threatening them is considered assault by uk standards , in the us the definition is much narrower  the uk has twice as much rape as the usa . 
  same as above . 
  i think one was grenaded too . . 
  just for clarity , no we did n't . 
  if i ever get terminal cancer or a different terminal illness i think i 'll be stocking up on [ one of these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suicide_bag ) to check out before it gets too bad . 
  you should n't be forced to live if you do n't want to . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  [ here 's a video everyone should watch if they 're against assisted suicide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=l-_uemdmssy ) i do n't really think it deserves a nsfl tag , but it does feature someone dying . 
  i 've always thought it was actually surprisingly upbeat and nice . 
  someone checking out on their own terms , and she 's got a great sense of humour about it all . 
  fuck that . 
  that little stunt will keep him locked up for life . . 
  he 'll have so long to realise how stupid he was . 
  maybe by the 3rd of 4th decade he 'll realise there was no honour in it . 
  i saw a lot of buildings that looked like that in hungary too . 
  same issue ? 
   how quickly can we loose all the respect that we have earned in the last 75 years when was vietnam again ? 
  as i clicked more comments , i knew it 'd be you . 
   you can leave whenever you want that 's not exactly true . 
  you 're never alone while we 're your ally . 
  i wanted to go but the weather gets well over 30 degrees apparently and i 'm miserable in that kind of heat and sun . 
  [ trumped by denmark ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2dwg5q/hospital_food_in_hungary_submit_your_own/cjty0m7 ), 
  everyone expects gammon to be tough as boot , so it requires little care to cook . 
   we 're actually much more similar to europe a bit of a silly thing to say . . 
  i felt very similar to the germans when i was there , and same for hungarians . 
  but in spain i felt no cultural similarity . 
  europe is a big place . 
  some countries we have more in common with than the us , some less . 
  honestly , this is something all countries are going to have to deal with at some point . 
  i believe here in the uk we 're dealing with it by requiring companies to offer a private pension plan to employees . 
  but iirc it 's still not forced on the employee . 
  they can opt to pay 0 % and the company will pay 0 % . 
  [ damn these guns are cool . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpobrfohohi ) why is military equipment always the most exciting ? 
  wtf ireland ? 
  we only got to hold that title for a month odd ... that 's not fair . 
  isis annihilating moderate muslims seems like a recipe for disaster . 
  i do n't know enough about the area to know if what you 're saying is likely , but i 'll be keeping my ears open !, 
  it sounds plausible . 
  apart from i ca n't imagine the us letting the rest of iraq go to the dogs like that . 
   now think about oxford which is so old they are not even sure when it started . 
  people were being taught at oxford while the battle of hastings was still within living memory . 
  mad !, 
  what 's i 'm taking away from that article is that everyone enjoys lending out their globemasters , haha . 
   the laws and taxes are constantly changing . 
  right , so what 's stopping businesses from building factories there then ? 
  there must be a reason that a company is n't taking advantage of this lack of jobs . 
  high minimum wage , maybe ? 
  we 're all in this together . 
  1 ) missing the point . 
  2 ) that 's nothing compared the devastation a nuclear weapon would cause . 
  3 ) your persecution complex is showing . 
  bah , we 'd drag 'em along . 
   and you assume other countries would fold like some poor mideast dictatorships or south/central america specs ? 
  every non nuclear armed state in the eu would , yes . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think there 's actually as much political will for it in the eu as / r/europe pretends there is . 
  the second people start talking about a federal income tax is when it 'll lose all support . 
  ww3 would need to happen before it ever had a chance . 
  or at the very least and extremely aggressive and threatening china/india but i do n't see that happening . 
  the entirety of north america would be britain , most likely .
