  who knows what bits of ww2 got lost in those document burnings . 
  that 'd make sense . 
  and if you 'd said to stalin or hitler that you could either have a train full of your enemies top secret documents , or a train full of artwork . . 
  they 'd choose the documents 10 times out of 10 . 
  depends on how incriminating the documents are . . 
  but i 'd probably just burn them if they were that bad . 
  the ussr does n't exist any more . 
  why would items taken from ussr countries that are n't russia be returned to russia ? 
  how to guarantee that turkey is never let into the eu , haha . 
  i am really excited for this . 
  ca n't wait to see what they find . 
  i 'm hoping for important and incriminating documents , personally . 
  hong kong was a shit show . 
  we handed them over wholesale to the chinese . 
  you guys sure lucked out . 
  well , we paid off franco to not join hitler so it was n't really luck . 
  but still , ya lucky bastards . 
  if you 'd not been a fascist dictatorship you 'd have made bank by being one of the only large countries not bombed to shit . 
  it was a successful invasion and occupation by us . 
  zero deaths on both sides . 
  very much a ` sorry about all this . . ' affair . 
   as the empire sadly disappeared nation by nation . 
  er , sadly ? 
  knee jerk reaction 1 : ousting all the lib dems in favour of the snp . 
  but they eat the whales do n't they ? 
  well is n't that a scary sight . 
  probably the number 1 place i 'd least like to randomly teleport to . 
  followed closely by the middle of the atlantic . 
  plus most people piss and shit themselves just after they die . 
  you 're brought into this world with a poo , because generally women ca n't differentiate from pooing and pushing out a baby so they often do a little poo while in labour . 
  then when you die , bam . 
  you shit yourself . 
  if there 's a god , i like his sense of humour . 
   well only if you want to move somewhere that has not been rising so rapidly anywhere outside london , basically . 
  3.75 x income is the standard in the uk . 
  really # 112,500 + deposit is the max you 'd want to spend . 
  but if there 's two of you , that number doubles . 
  eh , the help to buy scheme is actually really shitty and only accounts for a tiny amount of house sales . 
  it 's mostly a vote winner for the aspiring home owners . 
  it 's not all that practical as the mortgage rates are shitty and conveyancers sting you too if you want to use the scheme . 
  negative equity fucks you when it comes time to remortgage . 
  it really fucks you . 
  you payments can go from 2-3 % to 2-3 % + base rate . 
  obviously if you 're stuck in your mortgage on the after offer tracker part then negative equity will stop you changing to a better deal with another bank . 
  then the base rate starts rising and you get fucked each and every time . 
  gradually more and more of your wage is going to service a house that 's becoming less and less valuable . 
  but when there 's such a drastic lack of housing and high demand ... 
  it 's really just market forces coming into play . 
  there 's no real government incentive to fix the supply problem , as home owners are voters you do n't want to piss off . 
  our opt outs are so convenient . 
  yep . 
  by far my favourite shitpost i 've read on here . 
  the fuck are they going to do when winter hits ? 
  i was in budapest last winter and holy shit it 's cold . 
  1,470 euros for a family of 5 in the uk would mean they 're in proper poverty . 
  they 'd have to live in a shit area with no jobs to even afford rent . 
  for a 4 bed house down my way that would n't even cover rent . 
  not by a long shot , and my area is n't even a nice area . 
  the point i 'm making is that asylum accounts for a very small amount of our immigration . 
  tightening up non-eu immigration ( excluding asylum ) would reduce our immigration figures significantly , and the eu do n't have a say in it . 
  we get around 25,000 asylum applications ( not approvals ) per year . 
  it 's inconsequential . 
  asylum and immigration are two very different thing . . also :  on british soil yeah , how often does that even happen ? 
  we help in other ways . 
  we have a very substantial foreign aid budget , for example . 
  we rank 5th in the world as a percentage of gdp , and second in the world in total amount . 
  i think it 's entirely possible for us to fulfil our moral obligations without taking in refugees . 
  at the end of the day , i 'm sure even the people seeking asylum would rather their home country return to a functioning state and that 's the general theme of our governments rhetoric , and i agree with it . 
  we should be making it so they do n't want to leave their countries . . we should be using our diplomatic , economic and financial power to help improve these peoples living situations at home . 
  if it 's paywalled :  george osborne has won nordic backing for britain 's drive to reform its relationship with the eu , with his finnish counterpart saying the uk 's demands were constructive and deliverable . 
   alex stubb , finland 's finance minister , said britain was justified in demanding economic reforms , restrictions on welfare benefits for migrant workers and a bigger role for national parliaments in eu decision-making . 
   `` it 's a very constructive approach , results-orientated , problem-solving . 
  it 's a path that will ensure uk membership for the foreseeable future , '' mr stubb told the financial times . 
   but mr osborne 's warm reception on a three-capital tour of finland , & gt ; sweden and denmark on monday could raise concerns among some conservative mps that the government has set its negotiating bar too low . 
   there were reports last week that andrew lansley , the former health minister , had told a business audience that david cameron would `` choreograph '' a row with france to try to convince voters he had struck a hard bargain . 
   although the three nordic countries are strong allies of the uk in seeking economic reforms , mr stubb is a well-connected former eu official who has criticised british attitudes to europe in the past . 
   mr stubb , once an adviser to the former european commission president romano prodi , said after meeting mr osborne in helsinki : `` i believe without the uk there is no eu . ''  he said europe would have to find ways of ensuring eurozone countries did not try to distort the eu 's single market to their advantage and to the detriment of non-euro countries such as britain . 
   `` the uk economy is one of the biggest in the eu , '' he said . 
  `` some kind of solution will have to be found . ''  mr stubb said the bloc also needed to address britain 's concerns about immigration , noting the uk was one of the few eu countries that had opened its borders to former communist `` accession '' states , such as poland , in 2004 . 
   `` this has had consequences for the nhs , education and social security systems , '' he said . 
   other eu leaders have warned against changing treaties to accommodate britain 's wish to restrict benefits for migrant workers , but mr stubb said such changes could be delivered with less upheaval `` through a directive or legislation '' . 
   however , there are limits to the nordic countries ' sympathy for the uk and some weariness of having to undertake eu reform at a time of economic uncertainty and a refugee crisis . 
   meanwhile , the finance minister of sweden , which like britain is not in the eurozone , also stressed the importance of protecting eu countries outside the single currency and the need to avoid a uk exit from the eu . 
   swedish finance minister magdalena andersson said : `` for us it is important to have britain within the european union and we will of course engage constructively in those discussions that will be coming in that period . ''  mr osborne , mr cameron 's de facto deputy , is taking an increasingly prominent role in the uk renegotiation and has a series of foreign visits planned before an eu summit in brussels in october . 
   `` from the conversations i have had generally , there is going to be room for agreement and room for finding a way forward , '' mr osborne said after meeting mr stubb . 
  i still ca n't get over the lib dems electing tim farron . . 
  it 's like if ukip elected a bulgarian as leader . 
   do you understand democracy ? 
  * looks at his flair *, 
  got ta respect that . 
  yeah , i figured that was probably the case . 
  travellers gon na traveller . 
  i imagine some hard nut gangster burned down their mams caravan to get the king traveller to go in the ring and fight , but then the traveller got one over on him and shot him up . 
  america would lol hard at this request of use of nato , as would every nato member . 
  what a ridiculous premise . 
  for profit prisons in 3 . .2 . .1 . . 
  tories are so far ahead of every other party in the uk when it comes to the game of government . 
  they 're little finger and everyone else is fucking hodor . 
  usas foreign born population 2013 = 12.98 % uk 's foreign born population 2011 = [ 11.9 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom ) i have a feeling that we 've surpassed 12.98 % in the past 4 years , but due to the shitty way we keep statistics ( aka , we do n't ) we wo n't know for sure until the 2021 census . 
  certainly immigration has ramped up since the eu economy shat itself and we started a steady juxtaposing recovery .
