  well you 're not fucking helping by leaving . 
  please stay . 
  we need a more balanced subreddit . 
  ah , technical analysis . 
  the tea leaves of economics . 
  maybe i should have specified . 
  never seen a sticky so heavily downvoted , * apart from in / r/europe . . * seriously , why are our mods so fucking shitty ? 
  not true . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lznjb4olrlu https://youtu.be/uty0pk4cq_i?t=1311 ( timestamp 21:50 for mobile users ) cctv can be extremely useful , even when it 's poor quality . 
  if this was a murder , it 's quite likely the police would dedicate the resources needed to do what was done in the second link i posted and identify the people . 
  takes weeks and hundreds of man hours , though . 
  also requires collection of all privately owned cctv footage in the area within 24 hours ( so it 's not overwritten ) , which just is n't going to realistically happen without a murder or other extremely heinous crime . 
   media too cowardly to call this a racist attack . 
  am i missing something ? 
  how have you come to the conclusion that this was a racist attack ? 
  a group of white guys beating up a black guy is n't inherently racist . 
  a group of men beating up a woman is n't inherently sexist . 
  same is true for this . 
  how can mods justify this when :  0 points ( 40 % upvoted ) never seen a sticky so heavily downvoted . 
  build a cabin to sleep in . 
  go there for a week or two at a time . 
  drive go karts and hunt shit . 
  it 'd be awesome . 
  i do n't really know how big 145,000,000 hectares is . 
  it seems like a lot . 
  this is awesome . 
  i 'd create a huge off road go-kart track . 
  can eu countries legally sanction each other ? 
  seems completely against the free market thing we have going . 
  this was what cs1 .6 was for me back in the day . 
  them : fr ? 
  me : no , english only server . 
  them : fr ? 
  them : fr ? 
  them : fr ? 
  * them has been kicked from the server * that 's all i remember of the french in online games . 
  a bit annoying , but not too bad . 
  nothing compared to brazilians , christ . . 
  this is the most french conclusion to come to , haha . 
  yes , they do . 
  controversial tag pls mods . 
  i do n't know how to think . 
  we 're shouting ` end ! ', 
  every time the italians say ` bella ! ', 
   and trying to bottle france , the latest in a long line of bar brawls between the pair . 
  ah , the 100 beers war . 
  however , that means we 're almost certainly going to be more generous with our money because as everyone knows once it 's changed to weird foreign monopoly money it has to go !, 
   states not yet , motherfucker !, 
  * smashes bottle over your head *, 
  i do n't get it . 
  i have to agree . . 
  but at the same time , why would they even do that ? 
  it 's clearly not in the public interest , as now he wo n't ever come back to sweden and perform . 
  adapt or die . 
  they should look at new ways to cut out the supermarket middle man if that 's the case . . 
  i think if you guys legitimately do n't have any new powers ( ` the vow ' was extremely vague ) by next year then you 'll have a right to complain . 
  i ca n't imagine anything worse than more rushed and half baked devolution . 
  the current devolution scenario we 've got with scotland , wales and ni is a complete clusterfuck as is . 
  the entire thing needs scrapping , really . 
  but that ca n't happen without everyone losing their minds . 
  we need to move to a federal system , with a standard set of powers granted to each country . 
  this situation we have where scotland is getting priority treatment is ridiculous . 
  okay . 
  the only claim of yours i was interested in debating was the false one . 
  and thanks again for another downvote . 
  that 's why i posted both articles . 
  take your pick . 
  the telegraph article is a lot more pro thatcher than the guardian one , but they both agree she was against apartheid and was instrumental in getting mandela feed . 
  anyway , [ i 'll leave you with mandelas own words . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/nt6ttokf6d4?t=43 ) ' [ thatcher ] is an enemy of apartheid . ', 
  edit : and thanks for the downvote , nobhead . 
  thatcher was instrumental in the downfall of apartheid in south africa . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/margaret-thatcher/11403728/margaret-thatchers-secret-campaign-to-end-apartheid.html and in case you critizise the source , here 's a guardian link instead : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/apr/10/margaret-thatcher-apartheid-mandela the telegraph article is the better article , though . 
  i recommend you read that one . 
  incognito mode gets around their paywall . 
  he 's not calling for a referendum , he just thinks another will eventually happen . 
  another referendum in the next 5 years would likely kill scotlands chance of ever being independent . 
  i do n't think there 's the appetite for it . 
  people would vote it down to make sure there 's no more of them . 
  ca n't have the whole country grind to a halt every few years . 
  people were complaining about it not being delivered 5 days after the referendum ( not joking ) . 
  shit takes time . 
  you 're all being completely unreasonable . 
  i 've joked about pooing in golf holes for years . 
  i just find the idea hilarious . 
  you 're getting downvoted , but i ca n't say i disagree . 
  we export some properly shitty tourists . 
  one of my friends keeps attempting to get us to go to kavos . 
  i have to keep reminding him that we 're 26 and the time for that has passed . 
  literally ca n't imagine anything worse . 
  that 's an extremely optimistic outlook . 
  wales is possibly worse . 
  and the scottish lads i met on my last holiday were at least as bad as us english , haha . 
  yeah , that was a cheeky addition . 
  made me doubt some of the others . 
   can they not grasp that these people are on holiday ? 
  i swear it 's only us that thinks it 's acceptable to go to another country , drink too much and act like absolute twats . 
  oh , it gets so much worse than london . . london is tame . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eydyhfmwla that pretty much explains it . . just give the first 5 minutes or so a watch for an overview . 
  we 've got a spectacularly shitty drinking culture .
