  to be fair , if this was uniform policy across the eu then yes is probably would help somewhat . 
  it would likely need to be coupled with a no tolerance approach to illegal crossings , though . 
  4,000 a year . 
  are n't we generous ... at least we 're not rewarding illegal entry to the eu and incentivizing crossing the sea in shitty boats . 
  that 's a plus . 
  we 're not really rewarding playing by the rules either , though . . 
  do you have a citation for the 10cm figure ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galileo_ ( satellite_navigation ) is wikipedia lying to me ? 
  check the right hand side under the logo . 
  1cm definition , i believe . 
  surely they 'll be earning even less money when they 're in prison . . you ca n't drive a tractor into police and get away with it . 
  we 're only 35 years behind the yanks . 
  did n't say solved , just handled . 
  it 's just an example of what a real union looks like when a problem arises . 
  it might not be a solution , but it 's at least a uniform handling of the issue . 
  how likely is it that the syrian army is controlling him to some extent ? 
  is there an eu rule saying romania ca n't grant them citizenship ? 
  i do n't think that 's under the eu 's purview . 
   bulgaria , romania and lithuania those countries have nothing to lose championing this policy , because there 's no way in hell the refugees will remain there . . 
  just look at how america handled a similar issue . 
  just built a fence and was done with it . 
  that 's what unity looks like . 
  that 's what a union of like minded nations can decide on and implement . 
  the problem we have is that they big players of the eu do n't want the ( figurative ) wall , but lots of the little players do . 
  there ca n't be unity when you have this many differing cultures , imo . 
  why the fuck to they get to win 161 million quid when i do n't ? 
  they 're fat . 
  they ca n't enjoy it like i could . 
  i bet they ca n't even fit in a ferrari , and their heart ca n't even take the amount of cocaine and hookers i 'd buy . 
  life aint fair . 
  we 're so insignificant that every time a brexit is mentioned on here there 's 600 + people that feel the need to comment on it . . 
  calais is advantageous because you can smuggle yourself across the channel . 
  i 'm bored of this conversation now . 
  it 's retarded . 
  apart from the fact we often give smaller countries who agree with us a voice . 
  with us out , their voice becomes much much quieter . 
  how long until they decide to leave ? 
  our borders are closed to illegal immigration . 
  we 're not in schengen . 
  lots of our fresh food comes from the eu though . 
  it 's helpful that it 's close to us . 
  so i 'm a refugee/migrant sitting in gibraltar with no paperwork . 
  how does this help me ? 
  there 's not going to be much for me to do , nor will jobs be plentiful . . 
  so what 's the end game ? 
  if sitting in gibraltar was advantageous for getting to the uk then they 'd be doing it already . 
  your argument does n't make any sense . 
  i 'd fly . 
  [ found one . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pegidaevdresden ) there 's probably others . 
  the guy who runs britain firsts facebook page is a clever guy as far as marketing goes . 
  he 'll post images along the lines of ` this child murderer is getting out of prison in 1 years time after serving only 15 years . 
  like if you think he should spend his life in prison ' or whatever easily populist and agreeable statement . 
  even saw my sister like a britain first post the other day . 
  then now and again they 'll throw out some racist shit which is what they really want to post all the time . 
  [ this is the page for britain first . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/officialbritainfirst?fref=ts ) check out the posts with the most shares . 
  rarely are the racist ones getting many shares , but the ` share if you think mp 's should go to prison for fiddling their expenses ' has thousands within an hour . 
  why would they sit in gibraltar ? 
  why would they want to stop there ... you 're really not thinking this through . 
  any racist facebook groups that get shares ? 
  we 've got a few of them . 
  britain first is the most popular one . 
  they 're technically a political party too , but it seems most of their activity involves running their facebook page . 
  where do you think gibraltar is on a map ? 
  i said parties , not papers . 
  gibraltar is n't the uk . 
  i mean that we could just make the financial sectors regulatory environment more advantageous . 
  nothing to do with visas . 
   london does n't have that many tremendous advantages over its competitors not like that 's difficult to change if needs must . 
  also much easier to change outside of the eu . 
  i 'm for staying in the eu because i think it 's not really worth the risk , but i still think the risk of much changing negatively is quite small regardless . 
  do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  we only care about a fta . 
  the rest of the fluff is just that . 
  fluff . 
   before the referendum i heard a nationalist claim they had more in common with the nordic countries than the rest of the british isles . 
  this was common sentiment on / r/scotland . 
   this coming from one of the most impoverished , violent , overweight , alcoholic and drug addicted regions in europe . 
  that 's a bit harsh . 
  i 've submittied my mod application in the sticky . 
  a vote for me is a vote for banning the french language from / r/europe . 
  vote frankeh for a better tomorrow . 
  as in , ` leave me alone , i 'll do it tomorrow ... ', 
  invade with their non-existent army so that / r/europe can get a tiny little erection . 
  the refugees do n't want to go to gibraltar at the moment even though it 's nearer than germany , france , sweden , etc. . what makes you think you could change their minds ? 
  lol , the eu and literally what army ? 
  hon hon hon. 
  looking around it still seems pretty damn english to me . 
  net takers giving it the big talk as usual . 
  you 're not helping . 
  i 'm not convinced we 'll leave . 
  we 're big fans of the status quo and it takes a lot to make us vote against it . 
  we 'd probably still have a labour government if it was n't for the financial crisis . 
  i do n't think the current state of the migrant crisis would be enough . 
  if we get forced quotas , it might be . 
  but as it is , we do n't actually get impacted much by this continental crisis . 
  well , beyond the channel tunnel routinely being closed or delayed . 
  hundreds of countries have free trade agreements with each other without being in a political union . 
  it 's literally the way it 's done everywhere apart from in the eu . .
