  i wonder how this will play out with china/america in the coming decades . 
  it was too much effort not to have a war , basically . 
  i too have seen batman . 
  was n't the plan to have the carrier capable of having emals fitted , but design started before emals was actually completed so we essentially asked bae to make a slope deck with the option of fitting a system that no one knows the specs of ... to which bae agreed to knowing it was a ridiculous request . 
  sounds fair !, 
  i was just giving an example , it was n't a well thought out example , 
  he does n't want to increase domestic military spending because that 's not popular with voters when you 're cutting out essential services as part of austerity . 
  when was the last time we had a war ? 
  ( role playing the average voter , there . . ) he does n't want to fund an eu force because first and foremost a lot of his party members are euroskeptics and secondly because he probably realises how completely neutered and inept it will be . 
  getting all 28 members to agree to military action ? 
  haha , good luck . 
  it 's in the name . 
  north atlantic treaty organization . . 
  erm , yes . 
  yes i do . 
  cyber warfare is n't real warfare . 
  no one 's going to escalate to killing people over a few hacked computers . 
  i 'm not sure if we 're growing accustomed to us protection or just accustomed to peace . 
  a large majority of europe has nothing to worry about when it comes to defence since none of their neighbours are hostile any more . 
  you do n't have the economy to actually pull off a war , though . 
  so it 's all a bit redundant . 
  you 're clearly much more capable than cyprus , but much less capable than france . 
  precisely . 
  [ here 's a list of how much everyone in the eu spends on their military . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#european_military_expenditure ) there are only 4 countries with a military budget that meets the nato requirement of 2 % of gdp on defence . 
  greece , uk , cyprus and france . 
  of those , only two really has a military worth a damn . 
  i 'm wondering if such a joint force within the eu could work if you divided up the tasks a bit more by delegating groups of 3 countries to work together . 
  for example : uk = strong royal navy with small reserve airforce and small reserve army . 
  poland = strong airforce with small reserve navy and small reserve army . 
  greece = strong army with small reserve navy and small reserve airforce . 
  then just get that group of three working together on defence and foreign policy . 
  then get more groups of three like that . 
  interesting post , thanks . 
  haha , we 're going to spend about $ 9.6 bn to kit out our carriers with them . 
  that 's basically the cost of the two carriers . 
  i ca n't believe we could n't just modify the eurofighters . . 
  does norway spend a lot on its military ? 
  it 's not like it was a selfless act . 
  it 's way way over budget , has a bunch of teething problems and they cost almost a quarter of a billion dollars each . 
  you 're being downvoted , but you 're correct . 
  in terms of defense of the uk , all we need is nukes and an unwavering policy for using them . 
  if any british territory is invaded you get one warning shot 10 miles off your coast and then if your troops do n't leave after that then your capital is next . 
  that reduces the defense budget to something like 8 % of what it currently is . 
  the thing is , having a military is n't about defending yourself . 
  it 's more about enforcing your will upon others and clearly the threat of nuclear annihilation just to get our way over something trivial is a very bad idea . 
  it 's easier to send over a few jets and bomb the shit out of specific targets . 
  i completely agree . 
  i do n't think out ` independent ' deterrent is independent in the slightest . 
  to think that the usa would hand over wmd 's without a kill switch/weakness is just insane . 
  just quote the bit for him and stop being a complete tosspot , maybe ? 
  no one else going to question the authenticity of this ` article ' ? 
  blog editor : ` we must send out our best photographer to this mans house . ', 
  av tech : ` cool , i 'll give him the cannon 5d . ', 
  blog editor : ` no no , give him the ... 
  potato . ', 
  because the f-35 is a fucking lemon ? 
   cost is very important to some countries . 
  seemingly every country apart from america . 
  a combined eu military is a pipe dream . 
  the only way it would happen is if the eu its self had its own military budget and a foreign policy of its own . 
  but then that foreign policy would likely be against a member countries foreign policy and then you have the awkward situation where an eu member state might actually go to war with the eu armed forces . 
  it 'll never work . 
  it 'll never happen . 
  yeah , dutch colonialism is the last thing you want to be bragging about . . 
  so i go to the netherlands and everyone will speak english to me ? 
  just went to the top of my list of places to move to . 
  a private institution bans something and suddenly you 're crying about martial law ? 
  have you caught the stupid ? 
   deflation is good for the countries economy as a whole what ? 
  not even a little bit . 
  deflation is terrible for an economy . 
  something like 2 % inflation is the ideal . 
  your economy never wants to be in a situation where it makes more sense to save than to spend . 
  that kills demand which kills the economy . 
  but at the same time , in the back of their minds ... 
  but also , money . 
  it 's an empty gesture . 
  you 'd see similar zeal here in the uk if we were being promised infrastructure development money and farming subsidies . 
  we 'd be in the streets ( figuratively , of course ) waving our euro flags . 
  who does n't like free money ? 
  it does n't show the power of the eu , it shows the power of money . 
  not in the uk . 
  what is the deal with the cigarette thing ? 
  i 've had people do that to me . 
  only possible way they could manage it is to campaign on cancelling the eu referendum . 
  fat fucking chance . 
  maybe lib dems could , then make that a condition of a second tory/lib dem coalition . 
  again , fat chance . 
  they do n't have a spine . 
   let the muslims destroy israel and let north korea invade south korea . 
  they can defend themselves . 
  ... can you not , maybe ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  mali was intervention done right and responsibly . 
  not just whip up a plan in 3 months and cause complete chaos like iraq . 
  it was one of the most public and embarrassing cases of dunning-kruger ever . 
   will the uk then integrate with eu to the same level as the rest of the member states , or will they keep doing their own thing just like now ? 
  i imagine the status quo will be maintained . 
  i would n't expect a huge change in our policy towards the eu . 
   it 's completely irrelevant as no parliament can bind the hands of the next one .
