  fyi , three allow free roaming in quite a few countries now . 
  http://www.three.co.uk/discover/phones/feel_at_home that said , it did n't work for me in france . 
  but then someone i met over there said his just worked fine so who the fuck knows . 
  just posting to reiterate that it 's complete bollocks . 
  he clearly was ready to . 
  he was talking that talk big time before we bailed . 
  plus , did he even have any political capital ? 
  last i heard he ca n't even have talks with iran without other politicians going behind his back and sabotaging them , and it seems like everyones been against him for years now . 
  france already gave their okay to join the us in strikes . 
  if we voted yes to attack then obama would n't have even considered asking congress for permission . 
  he knew he 'd never get it because he is obama and a democrat . . 
  it was his out just like it was david camerons out . 
  he 'd have cited the ` consensus of our two closest allies and the international community as a whole ' and then talked about no boots on the ground . 
  precision attacks on military targets . 
  everything we 've heard before . 
  the right wingers would have kicked up a fuss , of course . 
  but generally everyone would have been fine with it , just like they were with libya a few years before . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that david camerons decision to vote on it in parliment was the biggest factor as to why assad was n't attacked . 
  public perception is n't enough to stop a war going ahead . 
  you know what british support for the iraq was the week before it started ? 
  26 % . . a million people marched on parliament . 
  made sod all difference . 
  anyway , this brings me back to my original point . 
  the times they are a changing . 
  oh come off it . 
  the us funneled money to pakistan who were then instructed to funnel it to the mujahideen . 
  that 's the nature of a proxy war , it 's made to look like it is n't you funding it . . whose money it technically was that funded bin laden during the afghan war is not actually all that important . 
  the us funneling it 's money to the more moderate mujahideen will have naturally allowed pakistan to direct more of their efforts at the more radical arab offshoots of the mujahideen . . at best , it 's a philosophical conundrum . 
   yeah , keep repeating that but there 's zero shred of evidence that the us funded islamist or arab fighters in afghanistan . 
  you 're high as fuck . 
  this is why you have your own independent intelligence services , people . . 
  i think the more annoying thing is that our prisons neither punish nor rehabilitate . 
  literally the worst of both worlds . 
  remember when ` you ' funded the mujahideen , religious islamic fundamentalists , in afghanistan in the 1980 's only to have to go back there in 2001 to fight the taliban ( the political spin off of the mujahideen ) because a mujahideen fighter you funded in the 1980 's flew two planes into the twin towers , and one into the pentagon killing 3000 odd us citizens in the biggest attack on us soil since perl harbour ? 
  because i remember that . 
  and that was a huge glaring fuckup . 
  the surrendering of a canal 60 years ago is pretty minor in comparison . 
  obama completely changed his tune after david cameron put the decision to parliament . . 
  neither david cameron , nor obama actually needed to ask permission . 
  david cameron decided to because he did n't want to do a tony blair , and libya was n't smelling of roses . 
  it got voted down , as it should have . 
  obama came out shortly after the vote saying that the us was still willing to go ahead unilaterally without un support and without british support . 
  a few days later obama ( after much criticism ) decided to ask congress to authorize action in syria . 
  it 's well accepted that this only happened due to the political pressure of us doing it . 
  we were the trend setters , and there 's no doubt in my mind that david camerons decision to ask parliament for authorization stopped the us from attacking assad . 
  they put 3,000 boots on the ground and were wildly successful at meeting their objectives . 
  if anything it shows that france is extremely competent . 
   finally , france has been very supportive of israel lately , and netanyahu has been courting french politicians gross . 
  vietnam , cambodia , laos , bay of pigs , etc. . big fuckups . 
  we 've only been fucking up together since 9/11 , and the tides are turning . 
  like when we decided not to fight assad and put a halt to things . 
  now look . . we 're fighting * for * assad . 
  i like our new direction . 
  we do n't need to follow you guys any more . 
  if france wants to take over that role i 'm totally behind them . 
  but the us has been on a losing streak . 
  we 've had a few just wars/interventions here and there . 
  ca n't be bothered to read the article to find out if it 's true , but if it is i do n't really care . 
  the yanks can more than handle themselves . . 
  they do n't need us , and have n't since the end of ww2 . 
  the less a part we play in their overseas adventures the better , imo . 
  the have a horrendous track record . 
  winston churchill would n't have minded that , but de gaulle would have been seething . 
  i approve . 
   so i can hardly talk . 
  shit , that 's a lot of cloud !, 
  i like how frances traditions are spreading to germany . 
  ha , cool . 
  and people wonder why gchq exists . 
  personally i love this stuff . 
  it 's a battle of the minds . 
  comment is free , and clickbait is valuable . 
   this week a ground-changing book called how corrupt is britain ? , edited by david whyte , is published . 
  it should be read by anyone who believes this country merits its position on the index . 
  it 's a book ad . 
  zzzz . 
  [ compared to the rest of the uk it is . . ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f8/europe_sunshine_hours_map.png/655px-europe_sunshine_hours_map.png ) i live in the tiny slither of yellow . 
  actual reason is because our food packs need hot water to cook . 
  property is reasonably priced up north , but then the weather gets worse the further you go . 
   although i think it would disproportionately benefit the uk as australia and new zealand are already popular tourist and retirement destination . 
  if you think a brain drain is beneficial . . we 'd certainly see lots of people leave . 
  i 've lost 3 friends to australia as is . . then again i know a bunch of aussies over here . . 
  so who knows . 
   i do n't think canada , australia and new zealand would agree to this as long as the uk is still in the eu . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  eu citizens are n't british citizens . . all those countries would need to do is make it british citizens only . 
  which is surely how they 'd regulate it anyway ? 
  seems like a huge red herring . 
   change.org why , oh fucking why do people still use that site which purely exists to harvest emails for marketing ? 
  we have an official site [ that the government has to respond to . . ] ( http://epetitions.direct.gov.uk/ ), 
  why does it matter to the eu ? 
  we 're not part of schengen . . 
  no competition . 
  saw this on here months and months ago . 
  it 's not enforced , though . 
  no deadline is set , and it 's completely up to the member states . . 
  so it can be put of indefinitely . 
  what , you do n't like the idea of your money being eroded away by quantitative easing for no good reason ? 
  it 's a reminder that everyone was someones bitch once . 
  it 's pretty amazing that the most populous country in europe is n't at the top of the european gdp table . .
