  oh , and we have a much more substantial welfare state to maintain than the us . 
  all immigrants get free healthcare , for example . 
  bbc do n't do opinion pieces though . 
  they 'd just be stuck reporting on stuff politicians said . 
   without any major economic harm . 
  to be fair , the economy is n't the be all and end all . 
  people that boil the debate down to just the economics are doing the entire discussion a disservice . 
  should have made the extra lanes bridges over the bridge . 
  not sure why , it just seems crazy enough to work !, 
  roads ? 
  where we 're going we do n't have roads !, 
  time to register your political party . 
  surely refugees are happy to go anywhere as long as their life is no longer in danger . 
  actual refugees do not operate on ` wants ' they operate on ` needs ' . 
  the usa accepts ~ 1m immigrants a year legally . 
  as a proportion of their population , that is ~ 1/318 ( 0.3145 % ) . . for the uk it is ~ 500,000 . . as a proportion of our population , that is ~ 1/32 ( 3.125 % ) . . really not comparable . 
  on top of that , the usa is fucking huge and there 's tons of space for people to live . 
  guardian maybe ? 
  usa , uk , australia , poland . 
  they were day one iraq invaders . 
  how many syrian refugees are the usa , australia and poland taking in ? 
  yeah , i do n't understand how he 'll get away with it . 
  the media will crucify him . 
  that 's actually much more vitriol than i expected . 
  thought we were mostly past it at this point . 
  incorrect usage . 
  back to the college of dankest memes for you . 
  i imagine it 's an integral part of their legal system and it 's too much hassle to change . 
  i feel like that 's 90 % of the reason we still have a monarchy . 
  i think when it comes to being the british monarch it kinda sucks . 
  it seems like most other european monarchs are mostly down to earth , and their countries do n't take them too seriously nor expect too much of them . 
  none of that seems to have crossed the channel . 
  royals are very much expected to behave a certain way and play their part . 
  and on top of that the media is constantly after them and prying into their private lives . 
  fuck that . 
  i enjoy my anonymity . 
  japan and japanese culture is a strange and interesting thing . 
  philip is a lucky guy . 
  i forgot where i was and thought i was on / r/childrenfallingover . . 
  such disappointment . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't even see this as an insult . 
  is that bad ? 
   british food is quite dull and uninspired . 
  he 's irish-german-american . 
  plus , 90 % of alcoholic drinks taste like shit . 
  who would drink them if they did n't get you fucked up ? 
   we are rude how rude are you on the scale of 1 to french ? 
  met some dutch people skiing in france . 
  i also disagree . 
  we really do get too drunk on holiday . 
  we make some pretty bad tourists . 
  i miss decent ww2 games . 
  battlefield 1942 was my favourite game back in the day . 
  someone unidiot me . 
  what am i looking at , and why is it funny ? 
  this is jihadi john , though . 
  he 's number one on the governments shitlist . 
  he 's a british national . . 
  i very much doubt his ability to make it back to the uk undetected . 
  the mods are asleep . 
  yeah , i do n't really get how prison would help in this situation . 
  just revoke his pilots license . 
  they have no ethics . 
  they will post literally any picture they can find , and often do n't ask for permission . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-sussex-34029764 bbc for anyone who does n't trust the daily mail . 
  happened about 2 miles from my house and of course i learn of it on reddit . . heard sirens blast past my house earlier today but did n't think anything of it . 
  here 's the most interesting video , imo . 
  up close aftermath of shortly after the crash . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cw_mb2n6eg also , [ this picture ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/748445/stream_img.jpg ) shows the plane just before the crash . 
  that particular intersection is where people turn off to go to the air show , and where pedestrians and cyclists use to cross to either go into shoreham or off up into the countryside . 
  it 's very busy on air show days , and there 's tons of people mincing around there . 
  it 's the only place to cross that road for about a mile . 
  a really really unfortunately place to crash . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the table presented shows that all media had more anti independence pieces than pro independence pieces . 
  does n't that show a lack of bias ? 
  if one media outlet had wildly different figures from the rest , that would show bias . 
  as it is , is n't it possible that there was just more negative things to say about the yes camp than the no camp ? 
  it makes sense . 
  the ` yes ' vote had the most unanswered questions by its very definition . 
  a vote for ` yes ' was very much a vote for the unknown . 
  i 'm not convinced that shows the bbc is biased . 
  it just shows that reality had a pro ` no ' bias , which is how it all played out anyway . 
  i 'm glad you found a way to blame muslims for this racist attack on a muslim . 
  not glad . 
  what 's that other word ? 
  kinda like it , but not . 
  that 's it . 
  appalled . 
  [ ` it makes you nostalgic , does n't it , for the good old days of the ira . . ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq ), 
  literally just asking for evidence of your claims , mate . . 
  how were n't they impartial ? 
  i 've not heard a convincing case that is n't just independence wishers getting their panties in a twist over independence not being championed mindlessly . 
  i ca n't find it now , but there was a study done that showed that right wing people think the bbc has left wing bias , and left wing people think the bbc has right wing bias . 
  which in itself , imo , is proof of its lack of bias . 
  for fun , ask / r/scotland about bbc bias . 
  literally russia today according to them . 
  `` lol , on second thoughts scratch that . . '' - 1707, 
  support coupled with the continued occupation and division of their country .
