  * sigh * that 's a myth . 
  for clarification no exit polls have been done today . 
  that 's the final poll , not an exit poll . 
  #uklad hope you get your choice . 
  i have # 25 on ` yes ' so that whatever i wake up to in the morning i 'm happy . 
  they 're getting nato and the un mixed up , i think . . nato has always been rock solid . 
  ukraine was n't a signatory of nato so i do n't know why people are shitting all over nato for inaction when they had absolutely no obligation to do anything . 
  come off it . 
  it 's totally different when nato is involved . 
  i would be so hyped if i lived there . 
  it 's a 45 minute train to edinburgh . 
  all the rich people are going to move there to escape the higher taxes planned . 
  house prices will likely rocket and it 'll generally become nicer . 
  but it takes you to france . 
  you literally count each and every bit of paper . 
  i want to see hasselhoff standing on hadrians wall tonight . . 
  conservative backbenchers are being the loudest at the moment about all this . 
  suggesting that we scrap the barnett formula if there 's a no vote , etc. . 
  they 're certainly showing the most hostility , and would likely be the hardest negotiators . 
   the problem is that whoever would be `` hardest on the scots '' would win . 
  well regardless , that 'd be the conservatives . 
  that would be seriously problematic . 
  and on top of that i * really * do n't want labour handling negotiations . 
  i do n't think ed could negotiate his way out of a wet paper bag . 
  on top of that it 's likely that when scotland finally came independent and their mp seats were abolished we 'd revert back to the con/dems anyway . 
  so a year of labour , who get to oversee their own unelection . . 
  pretty sure the plan was just to postpone the election until after scotland has gone independent . 
   except a bill is being rushed through in the event of yes to ban that . 
  details ? 
   land size an population of the uk drops which might make them lose a few ranks in the world ranking of country size and population . 
  our population will shrink but i imagine our population density will go through the roof . 
  yes , but before you get the euro you have to float your currency and let the market decide the value . 
  otherwise you could create some bullshit currency with zero fundamentals , peg it to the euro , then swap it for euros . 
  you could create a zillion scottish pounds , peg to the euro , exchange them for real euros . 
  anyway , the process of floating the currency is the scary bit . 
  can we go for ` the kingdom formally known as united ' ? 
  at the moment . 
  but in glorious federal republic eu , the opposite would be true . 
  i still do n't understand leaving the uk and joining the eu . 
  they 're replacing london for brussels , which seems about 100 times less representative of the people of scotland . 
  the exact arguments they use against westminster can easily be used against brussels . 
  that video does n't say what you think it does , and regardless ruk has some of the biggest bargaining chips in negotiations . 
  it would be monumentally stupid for iscotland to piss of ruk citizens by lumping them with debt because they did n't get they currency union which they were outright told before the referendum they would n't get . . 
  the political good will you 'd lose , and the amount of political will there 'd be to take you to the cleaners from ruk would hit the roof . 
  in 2015 the party with the hardest line against scotland would likely win to ensure we get the best deal out of this break up we never wanted , against a hostile scotland playing silly buggers with the debt . 
  http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-can-scotland-avoid-paying-uk-debt/13362 eh , just give that a read . 
   also i think itll be a massive clusterfuck . 
  like as it stands pretty much half the country will be really pissed no matter what happens . 
  and thats no good i thought it was pretty normal for about half of scotland to be pissed at any one time . 
  wheey . 
  look at all this top bants you 're going to be missing out on . 
  ^ ^ pls ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ leave, 
  yeah , just subtract costs of setting up your own independent country from the debt . 
  that 's extremely independent of you . 
  that 's not at all how it works . 
  the debt helped make your country what it is today ... you take that on , and then you borrow more as needed to make it any better . 
  you do n't just get to offset your pet projects against the british wallet . 
  that involves having money , and english nationalists are n't very good at not being poor . 
  yeah , simply printing the bank notes is n't the hard bit . . 
  kind of do , though . 
  there 's no real will there at all . 
  same for ni . 
  a huge amount of them identify as british . 
  the worst thing the tories could do is get rid of david cameron . . 
  he 's actually an extremely progressive and lefty tory . 
  he makes the tories slightly electable . 
  the logical replacements for him are shite , although no one really saw ed miliband coming so maybe the tories would bring someone no one expects in . 
  either way , as much as a bad rep dave gets . . 
  he 's not so bad for a tory . 
  ruk could do a lot of things to claw back that money , but it 's such a heavy handed approach that will benefit no one . 
  it 'd be better if scotland just paid the debt . 
  politics happens with baby steps , not giant leaps . 
  well , sometimes it does but then you end up with 20m people starving to death or worse . 
  look at scotland . 
  their parliament has been gradually gaining power since its inception . 
  it would have lead the way , though . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_england_devolution_referendums,_2004 78 % vs 22 % against northern devolution in 2004 . 
  it 's a real fucking shame it did n't happen . . 
  it 'll be years until it 's back on the cards . 
   i genuinely believe the right to vote should be earned heh , relevant username . 
  legally i think it 's a grey area . 
  but if they do n't the hostility it would create with ruk would be insane . 
  and ruk is their biggest trading partner . 
  they 'd be completely mental to not take on their portion of the debt . 
  relations would probably never recover . 
  it 's not really going to be ` chickening out ' . . 
  it 's a decent split between yes and no , but then there 's been an almost constant ~ 10 % who are ` do n't know ' . 
  personally , i think if you do n't know what is the right course of action you should remain with the status quo . 
  and i think many people in that ` do n't know ' category will agree . 
  i was just wondering what an american thought . 
  thanks . 
  almost certainly not . 
  i 'll remember this when flanders rises up . 
  38 years and 11 days `` cheer on flanders . . '', 
  [ \u041a\u0430\u0440\u0442\u043e\u0444\u0435\u043b\u044c ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_me9mxfljzpi/saknjxh69wi/aaaaaaaacss/tqhiq-hzqt0/s1600/don't+panic.png ), 
  that 's it !, 
  dismantle the welfare state . 
  it 's the only way to deal with isis . 
  well i have a problem with reposts , if that counts . . 
  this year is the first year in 5 years that i wo n't get a pay rise at all .
