  we should just send out adele and watch as we still lose to a bunch of finns with down syndrome . 
  shh , it 's out grand plan . 
  quality banter . 
  breaking stereotypes left right and center . 
  please do n't mistake my abrasiveness for rudeness . 
  it 's just such an unbelievably tired subject , and something that is repeated often by americans . 
  the idea that we owe our social programs to america somehow is extremely insulting , bordering on condescending . . 
  especially given that we 're paying tax out of our arse for them . . oh , and we ( brits ) have a military worth a damn so it 's a doubly faulted argument . 
   i 'm increasingly bothered by the us paying for european defense while the folks in most of western europe benefit from huge social spending programs . 
  pretty sure that 's a square on the ` shit americans say ' bingo card . . 
  it 's complete bullshit . 
  we just pay so much more in taxes than you guys do . . [ you guys do n't even make this graph . . ] ( http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/50edcea6eab8ea0d64000000-618-574/top40.jpg ) you 're 55th , in case you were interested . . 
  so yes , please tell me more about how your lack of social programs is somehow our fault . . 
  it 's like i just won bronze at the special olympics . 
  i read this from bill bryson recently , and it changed my perspective quite a bit . 
   `` suddenly , in the space of a moment , i realized what it was that i loved about britain - which is to say , all of it . 
  every last bit of it , good and bad - marmite , village fetes , country lanes , people saying ` must n't grumble ' and ` i 'm terribly sorry but ' , people apologizing to me when i conk them with a nameless elbow , milk in bottles , beans on toast , haymaking in june , stinging nettles , seaside piers , ordnance survey maps , crumpets , hot-water bottles as a necessity , drizzly sundays - every bit of it . 
   what a wondrous place this was - crazy as fuck , of course , but adorable to the tiniest degree . 
  what other country , after all , could possibly have come up with place names like tooting bec and farleigh wallop , or a game like cricket that goes on for three days and never seems to start ? 
  who else would think it not the least odd to make their judges wear little mops on their heads , compel the speaker of the house of commons to sit on something called the woolsack , or take pride in a military hero whose dying wish was to be kissed by a fellow named hardy ? 
  ( ` please hardy , full on the lips , with just a bit of tongue . ' ), 
  what other nation in the world could possibly have given us william shakespeare , pork pies , christopher wren , windsor great park , the open university , gardners ' question time and the chocolate digestive biscuit ? 
  none , of course . 
   how easily we lose sight of all this . 
  what an enigma britain will seem to historians when they look back on the second half of the twentieth century . 
  here is a country that fought and won a noble war , dismantled a mighty empire in a generally benign and enlightened way , created a far-seeing welfare state - in short , did nearly everything right - and then spent the rest of the century looking on itself as a chronic failure . 
  the fact is that this is still the best place in the world for most things - to post a letter , go for a walk , watch television , buy a book , venture out for a drink , go to a museum , use the bank , get lost , seek help , or stand on a hillside and take in a view . 
   all of this came to me in the space of a lingering moment . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . 
  i like it here . 
  i like it more than i can tell you . '' that and the fact that whenever i 'm flying back from wherever i went on holiday , when i see the patchwork fields of green i ca n't help but feel a bit relieved to be home . 
  got to admit , a european land grab in this day and age is bold as fuck . 
  as they say , history favours the bold . 
  ` secret ' ... 
  i have a love hate relationship with russia . 
  they 're obvious shitcunts , but their geopolitical trolling is hilarious . 
  that trailer is top propaganda . 
  even i want to vote for him . . 
  2-3 % is n't half . . 
  this is why it 'll never work . 
  best we can hope for is a defence pact similar to nato which essentially says if one of us gets attacked , the rest all have to help . 
  with agreed upon minimum limits for spending on military . 
  i do n't think we need an eu military . . 
  the above would serve us fine , and individual member states would still be able to team up if needs be for common foreign policy objectives . . 
  can someone explain how propaganda still works when the internet exists ? 
  so easy to call out propaganda as bullshit . . 
  [ they 've taken the crown back from the chinese for worst tourists . . ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/art/news/chinese-schoolboy-15-exposed-as-egypts-ancient-temple-graffiti-vandal-8633556.html ) inb4 flair is pointed out . . 
  if i was on a sortie , that 'd be the first thing i strafed just because . 
  probably why i 'm not allowed in a fighter jet . 
  for all of communisms faults , its stance on gender equality was n't one of them . 
  it is happening . 
   however , you can not argue that the united states was n't decisive in wwii . 
  i was never arguing that . 
   my initial point , however , is that if europe is so stronk , it should actually make an army for itself , rather than relying on nato as a crutch . 
  literally just need the usa and canada to leave nato . 
  seems completely pointless to create another military pact when we have one already that almost includes every eu member state . . a combined armed forces will never happen , is the point i 'm making . 
  it 's never going to happen , and they best we 'll get is a european military defense pact . . 
  but one essentially exists , and it 's called nato . 
  the only problem is that the us is a member and they spend so much that the rest of the nato members are slacking . 
  the us leaving would really help create a more appropriate nato . 
  i just think that laws should at least be consistent . 
  germany knew that it 'd be a two front war with russia on one side and france on the other . 
  their plan was to defeat france quickly with a huge attack ( 80 % of their troops , iirc ) , and then pivot their forces back towards the eastern front to counter attack russia . 
  the problem was that they never beat france . . 
  they attacked , france retreated and then dug in . 
  and that was that , basically . 
  from then on germany was strung out thin against two fronts with nowhere near enough soliders and equipment . 
  and with absolutely fucking useless allies like austria-hungry who kept getting their shit handed to them over and over . 
  so germany lost the war in 1914 by failing at achieving their very first objective . 
  the defeat of france . 
  and why did they fail ? 
  well , because france/britain teamed up and had a population and industrial capacity way beyond what germany had . 
  in the end the meat grinder which was trench warfare was only going to ever allow the country with the biggest population and industrial capacity to win . 
  a war of attrition . 
  and france/britain/russia completely dicked germany in that respect . 
  by the time the us troops arrived germany was already at a point where it could n't replace the soldiers it was losing , but britain/france/russia were nowhere near that point . 
  the us 's biggest contribution to ww1 was mostly morale . 
  anyway , is n't this stuff you should have learned in school ? 
   and no , you needed americans ' help to win wwi . 
  this is what americans actually believe . 
  ww1 was won before us entry . . 
  the germans just took a little longer to actually give up . 
  i did n't realise france is ruled by germany to this day . . 
  besides , we won ww1 together . 
  at worst , we 're 1 for 2 . 
  but in reality , we 're 2 for 2 . 
  when did it fail ? 
  not really . 
  but france/britain would team up pretty sharpish regardless of us involvement . 
  and is the opposite true ? 
  does a board also have to have at least 30 % males ? 
  nato is more than the usa . 
  the usa could leave nato if it wished ( and it probably should ) and nato would still be strong as fuck . 
   c is the big one . 
  right now , eu member states spend a lot of money on r&d , developing new ships , aircraft , small arms , etc. 
  each member state largely develops its own hardware ( with the exception of the eurofighter ) , so there 's a lot of redundant r&d spending . 
  tens of billions could be saved if we all invested into a single r&d program them all bought the same model . 
  this is so difficult to do . 
  even the usa has problems and they 're one unified country . 
  this video will explain : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axq2lo3ieba,
