  do you really think stormfront or whatever boogieman you 've decided on is needed ? 
  it 's just an issue europeans care about , even if you in particular dont . 
  as such , these articles will get upvoted . 
  not everything is a grand conspiracy . 
  anyway , downvote , hide thread and move on . 
  that 's the beauty of reddit , you can customize it how you like . 
  hell , download res and set an ` immigration ' filter and you 'll never see an immigration thread again . 
  you literally have so many options at your disposal , all of which are better than crying to the mods . 
  i 'm eligible , but i 'd need a ton of documentation that i do n't have . 
  you only need the passport . 
  the subreddit was private , and i saw him admit it in irc . 
  he also told me to fuck off and make my own subreddit when he banned me for no reason . 
   either have a thread every two weeks for all things mod related . 
  i think this idea is best , but once a month . 
  the mod team should n't be fucking up so regularly that a fortnightly thread is needed to correct them . 
   a separate subreddit for constant meta discussion of / r/europe i reckon there should be a public subreddit where only / r/europe mods can post . 
  any bans made should be submitted there as self posts in the format of : title : name of banned body : post/s that got them banned unexplained bans is the biggest problem i have with the / r/europe mod team , and given that the op post says there were 1000 unknown bans , it 's clearly a problem that was n't just affecting me . 
  i can count to finland . 
   no border between ni and the roi is needed , just enforce one from ni to the rest of the uk , there 's already a nice water barrier to help . 
  but how does that help ni ? 
  maybe they do n't particularly like the idea of becoming calais 2.0 ? 
  usually i 'd complain about the complete lack of sources , known methodology or even a labeled y axis . 
  but we 're winning , so screw it . 
   what you need are clear rules that do n't leave room for interpretation . 
  the tax men ca n't even manage that and there 's billions on the line . 
  a mod team on reddit are n't going to be able to do it . 
  there 's always room for interpretation . 
   recently on here basic news of stabbings , or explosions , or whatever are marked as `` controversial '' when its just bbc news reporting whats happened . 
  does anyone have an opinion on pre-approved non-removable sources for submissions ? 
  there could be a few from each countries media . 
  for the uk i could imagine bbc , guardian , telegraph . 
  that gets a decent overview of opinions , and none of those sources will be spouting anything wildly inaccurate or controversial . 
  of course , i 'm not saying no other sources of news allowed . 
  just that if there 's a controversial news story ( see : stories used to push an agenda , when the facts just are n't there ) such as the ikea stabbing , the crappy sources pushing an agenda with false or unsubstantiated information will be removed and any submissions of the same story from the approved sources will be allowed to remain . 
  that way you can attempt to hide the agenda without burying the story . 
  if bloggers had any kind of real journalistic integrity , this would n't be a problem . 
  but they really * really * do n't . 
  glad to see you 're taking a leading role in all this . 
  you seem to be one of the better mods here , imo . 
  [ it 's because there 's a racism problem in indian/pakistan culture . . ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/11/bradford-stabbing-prompts-uk-asians-to-warn-of-racism-towards-black-people ) it 's ingrained in their culture via the caste system that values pale skin races over darker skin races . 
  i do n't even understand where the donkies come from . . who is breeding them , and for what purpose ? 
  does n't paris have similar problems with meeting these guidelines ? 
  i remember they were going to ban cars on certain days or something . . maybe relaxing them and making them achievable would be more useful than just fining cities out the arse . 
   but the conspiracy part is that this involves members of the royal family ( mountbatten ) and that maybe , diana 's death is a result of her knowing too much and being a loose cannon . 
  did you make that up just then ? 
  not heard that theory , not even from the express . 
  nice !, 
  thanks . 
  that 's exactly what i was after . 
  funny to see that the sd random and self selected polling is so close , but still far away from the actual result . 
  you 'd think the self selection polls would be wildly different than the random ones , and they are mostly . 
  homeless rate is actually pretty low . 
  sub 3,000 per night . 
  and poverty is of course relative , which muddies the waters a bit . 
  and then he tries to pay you with his ` legal tender ' . 
  you should be flattered . 
  * ducks *, 
  to be fair , the other parties seem to be ignoring an issue that a lot of swedish people care about . 
  they could destroy sd support overnight if they wanted to by adopting a similar stance on immigration . 
  yeah , i realise that . 
  it does n't change what i said . 
   polish immigrants draw blood !, 
  - daily mail, 
  what were the polls like last time for sd , and what results did they end up getting ? 
  we have ` shy tories ' in the uk . 
  people who claim they 're voting one way or refuse to answer when surveyed , and then go and vote tory . 
  wonder if sd have a similar thing going for them . 
  you would n't think we wasted the most food looking at our waistlines . . 
  when 's the next election ? 
   i mean we have those white lines too but i thought they were decorative or something . 
  this cracked me up . 
  worth remembering if i ever go to turkey !, 
  we have them in the uk too . 
  not extremely popular , but i do notice them at christmas . 
  historically , it meant ` bend over , we 're going in dry ! ', 
  but nowadays it means ` check out this handbag i 've got . 
  cool material , right ? ', 
  he does n't stand a fucking chance . 
  reddit just get a boner for hopeless candidates . 
  see : ron paul , corbyn , etc, 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills . 
  i think the exact opposite . 
  out of may , osborne , and boris i think osborne has the best chance with the electorate . 
  social policies certainly are n't what won the tories the election . 
  it was the economy , and that 's what georgie boy is in charge of . 
   and that they ca n't communicate with home . 
  is that really something that is said about them ? 
  we do n't want the fucking megathread . 
  you want it , you update it . 
  britain first really like smartphones . 
  they can hardly contain their excitement every time they see one . 
  shut . 
  down . 
  everything . 
  ! = a plan . 
  how on earth would the usa be able to justify dropping nuclear weapons on an ally they they 'd spent 5 years bigging up with propaganda ? 
  ` uncle joe ' is what they called him . 
  ridiculous . 
  you 're so far removed for the reality of the situation . 
  haha , good luck with china .
