  there 's really no defending against a zerg rush of icbm 's . 
  we have anti icbm missiles , but not enough of them . 
  a ukrainian official from within the new government said `` we are working on the theory that the russians will bounce off our mattresses and are allergic to water kinda like the aliens from signs . 
  that 's a cool movie , you should watch it . 
  it was made before the happening , when m. night shyamalan still had promise . '', 
  the admiral of the russian navy responded by saying `` why would aliens who were allergic to water invade a planet with a surface comprising of 80 % water ? 
  that 's like us invading a cyanide planet . . 
  it 's a silly movie . 
  it made no sense . '', 
  point howitzer down tunnel . 
  fire every 5 minutes . 
  haha . 
  `` hence we will not say that greeks fight like heroes , but that heroes fight like greeks '' - churchill, 
  what if putin had a stroke and everyone is afraid to tell him . . 
  did n't they also discuss an air launch system . . 
  completely idiotic . 
  these projects do n't really cost us the ticket price anyway . 
  we award all the contracts to british companies who pay tax and have workers who pay income tax . 
  realistically i 'd guess 50 % + makes its way back into the governments wallet when all is said and done . 
  if one good thing comes from this , it 'll be that trident renewal will soon have as near as matters no opposition in parliament . 
   if churchill had n't assumed control , hitler would probably have taken britain as well . 
  hitler had no navy . 
  britain had the biggest navy in the world . 
  25 mile moat is pretty much impenetrable , even nowadays . 
  we went and ruined it by creating a land boarder with france !, 
   do you have any gin-drinking sarcastic naval officers hiding in the closets mayhaps ? 
  i can be ready for duty in about 20 minutes . 
  just point me in the direction of parliament and give me a bottle of gordons . 
   as soon as germany was defeated , we had to mobilize our forces to destroy japan . 
  and then just dropped the bombs instead . 
  okay , there was an occupation and a need for troops for that . 
  the real reason that no one wanted to fight russia was because it would have been an absolute blood bath . 
  even with hindsight , it was a dumb idea to even contemplate fighting the soviets back to their borders . 
  i never claimed ( although reading what i wrote , the tone does seem to imply ) churchill was right in his thinking , just that it was his intention to fight for poland but it was not afforded him . 
  i should n't have used ` fucked ' . 
  because monitoring the current situation means jack shit , right ? 
  they were big on making tanks , and were very good at it . 
  but a huge amount of the trucks needed to keep the supply lines going were american made and shipped over . 
  i ca n't remember the exact amount , but it was ridiculously high . 
  same with planes . 
  would the usa have been able to execute the lend lease shipments with a neutral britain ? 
   in my opinion the germans were spread too thin because of the constant fear of a western front . 
  if britain had surrendered then there 'd be less fear of a western front and hitler could have concentrated his forces better in regards to russia . 
  that combined with the purges which basically got rid of everyone in the military that was even half competent and it would have been a recipe for disaster . 
  it 's a history whatif , so there 's no way to tell for sure . 
  my argument is getting real abstract so i think i 'll just retract what i said before and save us some time . 
  was n't taught that at school . 
  do you doubt that hitler could have won against the soviets ? 
  sorry , i thought we were talking about a nuclear attack . 
  in the event of a nuclear attack , the whole world will light up . 
  i 'd like an apology from everyone that used the argument ` the cold war is over ' in regards to gchq in the past 6 months . 
  shit like this shows that there * is * still a need to spy on each other . 
  pretty sure i heard hague rule out a military response . 
  he basically threatened sanctions and that was it . 
  it would be the end of the world , most likely . 
  at the very least , the western world . 
  looks like i was wrong !, 
  i really did n't expect this . 
  i figured it was sabre rattling . 
  what a development !, 
  the us would n't have entered the war without britain . 
  they 'd not have had any means to springboard from without the uk . 
  without the risk of a western front hitler could have moved against the soviet union with much more force and much earlier . 
  goering also could have used his aircraft on the eastern front earlier rather than wasting time with britain . 
  it 's pretty much a given that had britain not been in the fight then germany would have steamrolled the soviets . 
  they almost won anyway , but a last minute diversion from attacking moscow sealed their fate as losers . 
  had they taken moscow , it would have been game over . 
  so yeah , declaring war on germany ensured ( in the long run ) soviet rule of poland rather than nazi rule . 
  poland would have just become part of germany as per ` lebensraum ' . 
  and the nazi plan for poland was ? 
  that 's where my argument stems from . 
  soviet rule was better than nazi rule would have been , hence a net gain i mentioned . 
  and lets be honest , without britains declaration of war hitler would have had free roam to do the things he did and wanted to do . 
  no other nation was in a position to keep up the fight . 
  well i 'm giving credit to my ancestors when i say ` we ' . 
  i did n't do shit since i was born about 45 years after all those decisions were made . 
  anyway , it 's disingenuous to say poland overthrew the soviets all by themselves . 
  it was pretty much the result of the usa 's ( and co ) 40 years of hard work economically crippling and undermining the soviet union to the point of collapse . 
  if poland had overthrown them in 1970 then you might have an argument . 
  2 years before the economic , and therefore political collapse of the soviet union ? 
  it was a given it was going to happen . 
  a foregone conclusion . 
  that 's like running into the boxing ring at the end of the fight and kicking the ko 'd guy in the face and claiming the belt is yours . 
  anyway , back to the original point . 
  the usa fucked us on poland as much as you . 
  churchill wanted the allies to continue east and push back the soviets but unfortunately the americans had no will to do that and completely fell for the ` uncle joe ' image of stalin . 
  then churchill got voted out and that pretty much put and end to the small will there was to help poland after 6 years of intense war and the complete ruin ( financial and physical ) of europe as a whole . 
  it took another 5 years odd for churchill to get taken seriously about the threat of communism . 
  he coined the phrase ` iron curtain ' long before it got used as a sound bite . 
  oh right , fair enough . 
  that just was n't the tone op was projecting , imo . 
  i guess it * is * hard to get tone from text . 
  surely we could try diplomacy first ? 
  those seem like drastic actions . 
  if putin actually pulls this off , i 'm going to laugh so hard . 
  i think it 'll make the rest of europe consider actually meeting the 2 % of gdp military spending target set by nato . . 
   let 's hope that poland does n't think that france and britain will help them . 
  did n't work out too well for them the last time . 
  well considering if we 'd not stepped in poland would n't even exist any more , i 'd say it was a net gain in the grand scheme of things . 
  shoulda used the falklands .
