  born and lived in the south east my whole life . 
  welsh accent is just so friendly , and the scottish accent is ` no messing around , i 'll just solve your problem ' . 
  in budapest all service staff spoke english . 
  some would even greet us in english , which means we clearly have a look about us haha . 
  anyway , i was impressed . 
  i 'm completely useless at languages , so anyone speaking more than one amazes me . 
  what can i say ? 
  we know when to back a winner . 
  i think you 've missed the sarcasm . 
  [ i thought this was your national anthem for a very very long time . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_doav8bx0xg ), 
  i do n't give a damn about the odd american on here . 
  it 's just nice to have subreddits where the split is n't usa 80 % : rest of world 20 % which is about the reddit demographic split last i checked . 
  i like to hear the opinions of people who are from where i 'm from , which generally get drowned out on the rest of reddit unless they happen to co-align with american views . 
  i 'm not being anti american when i say that . . 
  i 'm just saying i want to hear some differing rhetoric . 
  yes , but it 'll be european opinionated tripe rather than american opinionated tripe . 
  the entirety of reddit is dominated by american opinion . 
  as long as this sub remains sheltered from that i do n't mind . 
  honestly , it should n't be too bad since it 's only a default for europeans . 
  ministry of silly recoveries . 
  erm , are you kidding ? 
  ** so ** many people on here calling for acts of war against russia when m17 got shot down . 
  it was fucking ridiculous . 
  everything from a blockade to sending troops into ukraine to fight the rebels was suggested . 
  aka , a proxy war on russias border . 
  thread after thread was the same for at least 2 weeks . 
  i 'm convinced other europeans gets a more accurate view of our country than they do others because so many of you guys can read english and therefore consume our news media . 
  less can consume the media of countries like italy , greece , spain , germany , etc. 
  basically , you 'd probably notice we 're not actually the biggest cunts ever if you could understand what other countries were talking about daily in their papers . . 
  yeah , but it seems it 's 1.5 km under my feet . 
  that 's a lot rock and shit protecting me from whatever the chemicals are . 
  so i guess i would n't mind , but as i said i do n't know too much about it . 
  i was really hoping i 'd get an answer without that video , which is a single anecdotal case which has been extremely well publicised . 
  a lot of it seems to be rural yanks who use personal wells . . wells are n't that popular here in the uk that i know of . 
  well , i look after the computers soooo ... 
  is there actually any solid proof it 's a bad idea ? 
   but apparently the part behind the eyes ( eye muscle ? ), 
  is delicious . 
  that 's just what they tell kids to get them to eat their eyes . 
  you wo n't grow up big and strong if you do n't eat your goats eyeballs !, 
  pick a decent pub , though !, 
  tripadvisor is a must . 
   paki food oopht . 
  anyway , the indian food you ate * is * traditional british food . 
  you 'll not really find much of it in india even though that 's where its roots firmly are . 
  we 've been eating it for hundreds of years . . 
  if that 's not traditional food , then i do n't know what is . 
   outside of the uk you 're much more likely to find `` real '' indian dishes as opposed to those found in the anglo-indian balti houses that the british know and love . 
  sometimes i wonder if this is why indian * style * food is n't enjoyed the world over . 
  authentic is n't always better . 
  i wish lamb was n't so damn expensive . 
  by far the best meat . 
  i used to buy these pre-made from sainsburys . . god damn it 's a chore to eat half a kilo of egg and potato in the morning . 
  it trumps a roast , imo . 
  curry in general is delicious . 
  i 've been listening to the audio book of winston churchills ww2 . 
  his opinion of de gaulle was generally one of respect . 
  he accepted that he was being a bit of a knob towards us at the time because that 's what the french people in the colonies needed to see and hear to mobilize . 
  no excuse for continuing that attitude for 20 odd more years !, 
  that sounds fair . 
  the people in the kind of jobs we 're talking about would likely have no problem learning another language . 
  are you just talking about the exchange rate spread ? 
  yes , if you send euros to a gbp account they will skim some off the top for the conversion . 
  this is common practice the world over . 
  this is weeks too late . 
  honestly , this should have been done almost instantly . 
   where europe integrate faster with itself without the uk , which will bring value on its own . 
  unless it goes tits up , of course . 
  i was thinking this . 
  who in their right mind would leave the uk and city wages for a shit post in the eu with subpar wages ? 
  only the incompetent or people willing to be a puppet would be my guess . 
  we created a land border with france . . 
  i ca n't even comprehend the amount of spinning my great great great grandfather is doing in his grave right now . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  calling us ` freeriders ' is fucking hysterical given that we 're in the top 5 contributors to the eu budget and over half the countries actually * cost * the eu money . 
  fuck off , mate . 
  i was thinking that the other day . 
  the way the argument if often phrased makes it seem like if we leave , that 's it . 
  that 's our one chance , and if it goes wrong we have to wollow in our own mess for the rest of eternity . 
  in reality , would the eu really close the doors the us like that ? 
  if we came to them and said ` okay , we made a mistake , we want in . . ' why would they deny the request ? 
  it 'd just mean even more military might , even more money and an even bigger population . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't watch from the sidelines and then ask in if it goes well . 
  hell , that 's probably the better scenario for the eu as we 'll enter into the union on the eu 's terms , rather than ours . 
  well i had no idea that charles de gaulle veto 'd our membership until you just mentioned it . 
  cheeky git . 
  after everything britain did for him after his own country shunned him . 
  they 're actually just talking about their own newspaper . 
  their comment section is arguably worse than the daily mails . 
  ~ 200k , apparently . 
  i had no idea it was that low . 
  how do newspapers function with such a small circulation ? 
  i think the website is quite popular , though . 
  you should have ventured further in the opposite direction and visited brighton !, 
  vastly superior night life and atmosphere . 
  and a little less bleak , haha . 
  generally we just expanded the existing ww1 memorials to include all dead . 
  i think names are still added when soldiers die in afghanistan , etc. 
  it 's just generally a ledger of everyone who died in combat from ww1 onwards . 
  russian blood , american steel , british intelligence .
