  he had the most stressful bullshit job ever . 
  16 % of french citizens do n't support isis . 
  what tripe . 
  there 's not even that many muslims . 
  whatever happened to that guy ? 
  that 's it !, 
  seems they did manage to find one to condemn the attack , though . 
  regardless , the first two are utter fuckwits and as she said their views are shared by many of the people she interviewed . 
  that 'd be every muslim in france , plus an equal number of non-muslims . 
  haha , yeah right . 
  i thought it was obvious i was talking about the invasion of iraq . 
  [ he was a murderous dictator , like assad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_saddam_hussein%27s_iraq ) , and [ yes it was disbanded . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_provisional_authority_order_2 ), 
  kinda ruined by all the media swarming him . 
  what could have been a nice moment ends up just being a media event . 
  yep . 
  regardless , you ** do not stop paying them ** . . 
  adding 125,000 well trained desperate men with access to munitions ( including chemical weapons ) to the mix is a bad idea . 
  to disband them would be to relive the mistakes of iraq . 
  i 'll never forget when the bbc went around interviewing british muslims about the attacks and they could n't find one that did n't add a victim blaming stipulation to their condemnation of the attacks on charlie hebdo . 
  one openly said he understood why they killed them . . and that 's the fucking bbc . . you could hear the reporter was angry . 
  i ca n't find the recording though , but it was on the radio . 
  biggest mistake in iraq was disbanding the local army . 
  if assad is toppled then syrian troops must be paid , and they must remain under a command structure . 
   do you idiots not remember afghanistan and iraq ? 
  isis is worse than both of them and once the public sees want happens to their captured soldiers ... wars have shown that time and time again all acts of treachery accomplish is the strengthening of a countries resolve . 
  a soldier being beheaded is n't going to make any western country tolerate isis more . 
  exactly . 
  barely anyone thought invading afghanistan was a bad idea at the time . 
  it enjoyed support around the world , including in europe . 
  apart from it happening in the same general area , this is n't alike at all . 
  we 've learned many lessons from iraq and afghanistan . 
  a huge amount of the problem in iraq was disbanding the iraqi army . 
  so step 1 is do n't fucking do that to the syrian army . . 
  that would be the most geopolitical wtf ever . 
  i think if france decides to put boots on the ground , we 're going to find it extremely hard to resist as will the usa . 
  i do n't even think we should resist . 
  i think the romantic view of supporting middle eastern countries and citizens with air power and hoping they can get rid of isis has shown that it 's not going to work . 
  the reality of the situation is no middle eastern country wants to needlessly put themselves on isis 's radar . 
  the west is often criticized for being the world police , but no one else is seemingly fucking policing it . . 
  to be fair , it 's quite miraculous that we 've managed to not have a large attack in 10 years . 
  did n't mi5 say they thwarted 50 attacks ? 
  honestly , we just need to all stop pussyfooting about . 
  boots on the ground is the only thing that 's going to help against isis . 
  the idea that we can just aid middle eastern powers who will then come to the rescue and defeat isis is laughable . 
  none of them fucking care about isis as long as they leave them alone . 
  could have also been someone who knew something of the attack and was trying to warn them . 
  maybe i 'm just trying to see the best in people , though . 
  more muslims . 
  more chance for some of them to be extremists . 
  mate , if 9/11 did n't rally the world then this wont . 
  my post was in reference to the undecideds . 
  just to clarify , i do n't really give a damn about eu migration . 
   most people do see the uk as a very welcoming country . 
  i think that generally , we are . 
  thanks for the nurses , btw . 
  shame we treat our nhs staff so badly . 
  was just joking , haha . 
  trying to keep the bladdy immigrants out . 
  coming over here , stealing our opportunity . 
  * shakes fist at channel *, 
   i had also been influenced by some british politeness and my friends would say `` stop being so polite , it 's embarassing '' . 
  haha , this ticks two stereotype boxes at once . 
  alcohol blanket . 
  ... i 'll allow it . 
   the uk is a land of opportunity shhhh . 
  it 's horrible here . 
  nothing but austerity . 
  i had to sell my gran for a hot meal , which a tory had spat in . 
   most british seem to think of the european union as merely being a free trade zone literally the only bit the majority of people actually care about . 
  promise us access to the free trade area and we 'll be out of your hair for the foreseeable future . 
  that is amazing . 
  churchill attempting to chainsaw to death the eu themed elephant in the room , hahaha . 
  19 % are undecided . 
  that 's a lot of people . 
  then our finance sector is fucked regardless . 
  there 's always been a disconnect , and i 'd put that down to lower immigration levels . 
  the growth of the disconnect , imo , is the referendums doing . 
  there 's a lot of ` yes ' voters who know that the easiest way to get a second referendum is for scotland to vote to stay in , and then england to vote out . 
  with the ` out ' side winning . 
  that 'll be playing a part too . 
   that 's not really reality at all , especially in a referendum where most people do n't really understand the consequences of either votes , they look for their party to ` tell ' them what to do . 
  if that were true then the vote will be won 88 % for ` stay ' as only ukip want out of the eu . 
   either way , it should require a minimum level of support for the government to propose referendums . 
  * looks at poll * saaay , 53 % ? 
  ohhh , spending . 
  by the title and the general attitude of the swedish i though it meant they wanted and extra 11 billion migrants . 
  ^ ^ ^ ayyy ^ ^ ^ lmao, 
  it 's a referendum . 
  the party in power does n't matter . 
  same was said about the scottish referendum . 
  last poll before the referendum : 50 % no , 45 % yes , 5 % undecided actual result : 55.3 % no , 44.7 %, 
  the independence referendum is partly responsible for that disconnect . 
  there was a huge amount of eu cheerleading by the snp and yes camp . 
  before the independence campaign there was nowhere near that much of a difference . 
  think about what 's really changed in the past few years ? 
  the eu certainly has n't become a more hospitable institution . 
  eurozone crisis , greece , migrants . . and yet , eu approval has gone up ? 
  it 's the referendum that did it . 
  it did n't take a supermajority to join , so it should n't take one to leave . 
  it 'd be clearly stacking the deck .
