  i honestly thought some kind of federalization could happen . 
  those percentages are pretty damning . 
   why is it insulting ? 
  scotland belongs to the scottish and no one else completely agree . 
  let me put it this way . . 
  imagine you and your wife are having marriage problems , and then your good mate larry comes over from next door and starts saying to her ` yeah , i think you should leave him . . ' how would that make you feel ? 
  the feeling is , i imagine , similar . 
  it 's way more our business than it is your business even though in the end , it 's up to scotland . 
  that happened last year and i did n't hear about it ? 
  details ? 
   a huge fan of all things british . 
  even separate hot and cold taps ? 
  us english and british english . 
  get on my level . 
  i find it insulting because while i 'm english , i identify as british over english . 
  only time i say i 'm english is when people want me to be more specific . 
  i think all the member countries have a shared identity and it 's sad that we 'll be getting rid of that . 
  so basically people championing a yes vote are , in a way , degrading my identity . 
  i 've never met a scot or and irishman or a welshman and seen them any different to me . 
  i debate the [ hilarious ] tag . . 
  it took him an entire minute to set up a very simple premise and tell the first actual joke . 
   most people here do n't value world influence or military influence . 
  in fact being no part of that influence is a reason many people want independence , to stop us going to wars in the middle east . 
  labour got us into those wars , and scotland was majority voting labour at the time . 
  most scottish mp 's towed the fucking line and voted for the iraq war . 
  why are we being blamed for it exclusively . 
  it 's a shared stain on our history , thanks . 
  and independence wo n't make it go away . 
  they do n't stand a fucking chance in the next election . 
  but at least they 're starting a discussion , i guess . 
   make everyone pay but give grants to students from scotland to cover the costs . 
  what is the point of this rule if you can so easily get around it ? 
  we 're currently getting shat on for our bankers using a loophole to get around the bonus limits but apparently it 's fine to flagrantly disregard eu policy so that other countries scam international students out of money . . 
   in two ?!, 
  split it in 10 !, 
  i seriously think this would be a good idea . 
  federal uk is needed , imo . . 
  does n't have to be federal federal , just function like one . 
  we can keep the queen and all that stuff . 
  i think england should be at least 5 states , then get rid of county councils . 
  i did laugh that you just said that to someone from ireland of all places . . 
  but i do generally agree . . 
  it 's really weird to see people from all over championing scottish independence . 
  it 's kind of insulting , imo . 
  i like the queen , but she 's no reason to do something you do n't want to do . 
  i think he might have . 
  please no . 
  way to prove his point . . 
   the scottish government set out a proposal for dual citizenship for one generation , that is every person currently a british citizen and resident in scotland will be able to request a scottish passport/citizen status in addition to their uk one . 
  it 's the most likely way of handling the issue and keeps everybody happy . 
  there 's really no other way to do it , but it does seem like bullshit to me . 
  it means the voters wo n't really have to deal with the consequences since regardless of what happens to scotland they can still move south if it all goes tits up . 
  it 's people born from then on that would suffer . 
  but if it 's 50/50 you ca n't just strip their citizenship , so this is how it needs to be i guess . 
   cameron would resign to make way for ? 
  cameron is clearly the best candidate for tory leadership , imo . 
  these are actually created by sky news . 
   i can live in peace , without wars around the block . 
  you think the eu is the only think keeping eu powers from warring with each other ? 
  are you for real ? 
  lest we forget it was labour who introduced tuition fees in the first place . 
  they set the precedent . 
  so yeah , lib dems were really the only choice in that regard because they were the unknown . 
  i know a lot of people who are apathetic towards the eu and a few people who hate the eu . 
  from what i can tell , that 's pretty much how it goes . 
  the only strongly pro eu people in the uk are generally from other eu countries . 
   to clarify this one , if for example a certain legislation would be unpopular on a national level , they transfer it to brussel and shrug their shoulders as in `` well , it comes from higher up ; we have no choice ! '', 
  one such legislation would be the light bulb legislation , it 's stupid , it does n't save anything and it would have caused a national outcry the switch to cfl 's ? 
  they 're quite a bit more efficient , though . . or is there another light bulb legislation ? 
  a federal eu just is n't a realistic prospect . 
  too many differing cultures , too many foreign policies , too many everything . 
  push comes to shove , i do n't think there 's many countries in the eu who would cede sovereignty to the eu . 
  i think we 're generally the most vocal and honest about it . 
  anyway , i do n't see why everyone 's losing their shit that there might be a brexit . 
  so what if we leave ? 
  surely that 'll just allow you to move towards federalization even quicker ? 
  and at the end of the day , if the eu experiment goes fantastically we can always rejoin at a later date . 
  then again isis might not have taken hold of the insurgency if we 'd intervened earlier for the fsa and given them legitimacy . 
  we do n't really know . 
  not yet , but they 've seemingly been closing in on ` no ' . . 
  still , it 's pretty dumb to say ` yes ' is winning when all the evidence so far points to that not being the case . 
  even if it is close . 
  yeah , i do n't think these people are originally from the schengen area . . 
  it 's projected to cost $ 1.5 trillion dollars for the american tax payer over 50 years , and that 's a prediction . . 
  it 'll likely cost even more . 
  it 's inane amount of money . 
  one thousand five hundred million million dollars . 
  $ 30 billion dollars a year for 50 years . 
  all for an aircraft that according to people in the know wo n't even be able to outmaneuver the eurofighter which is a generation behind it . 
  you might decide to argue that it 's all pointless anyway , and that f-35 's will be launching missiles from 50km away to take out planes . 
  while true , there 's only so many missiles that can be carried . 
  and besides , the eurofighter will be launching missiles from that far away as well . 
  at the end of the day , the f-35 is just a russian radar breakthrough away from being a piece of shit . 
  stealth is basically everything it has going for it . 
  i do n't really rate noam chomsky when it comes to anything british . 
  i 've listened to a lot of his lectures and he frequently refers to the uk as england . . 
  it 's very hard to take someone seriously when they make such an elementary mistake . 
  passenger jets were shot down during the cold wa - oh . 
  is it really that shocking that people are more satisfied in countries with more free shit ? 
  hardly groundbreaking research .
