  so you 'd vote ukip then . 
  weak leader , policies , etc. 
  fuck the green . 
  proper useless party , which is a shame . 
  because we need a proper alternative even if i do n't agree with the far left . 
   demand for food banks has gone up 200 % percent over a year . 
  and so have newspaper articles about food bank usage , which are essentially big adverts for food banks . 
  is it indicative of a real increase in the core problem of poverty , or is it just a case of more people realizing they exist and that they can use them ? 
  if they get over 5 i 'll be amazed . 
  not the snp . 
  they 'd see their seats reduced . 
  they 're the actual common sense party . 
  i wish the students who got all butthurt would realise that . 
  dresden gets a lot of discussion , as do the two nuclear bombs dropped on japan . 
  they 're poor examples of ' [ not talking ] about the atrocities committed by the allies ' ... 
  there 'd also be pilots from the bomber raids , but i ca n't imagine them in the numbers of british/french/russian . 
  does n't really sound like the guys in the report are living on their knees . 
  it sounds almost like a carry on film , haha . 
  i always thought it was silly that the report is kind of regarded as amazing for the predictions it managed to get right . . 
  but a lot of them were common sense stuff . 
  a dictator responsible for the murder of millions upon millions of people will kill himself if he loses the war ? 
  a bit no shit , is n't it ? 
  and that he 'll start appearing less and less in public , and being more erratic with his orders just before he kills himself ... er , yeah . 
  that seems quite obvious to . 
  i imagine i 'd be acting them same . 
  i 'd imagine everyone would . 
   though the australians would be sent to populate siberia australians ca n't catch a break . 
  signed adolph hitler, 
  basically it was down to who the nazi higher command liked the look of and who they did n't . 
  then they 'd make up excuses whatever which way to either kill them , or let them live . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebensraum essentially hitler wanted to kill all ` surplus ' soviets and reduce the country to one great big farm full of slave farmers who would feed the now expanded germany . 
  what a complete load of pish you just spoke . 
  dick and one ball . 
  nigel gathers his bannermen and brings home a glorious defeat of the evil federalists . 
  i pledge allegiance to ukip , and we march on france by order of the hyped up queen . 
  did spellcheck go wild or something ? 
  see , i expected that too . 
  but when i googled it i found out that they took 1.8 million french pow 's and the majority were in germany for the entirety of the war . 
  pretty amazing , really . 
  sending disabled prisoners back to their home country makes total sense . 
  you tie up the enemies resources treating them , and it 's not like they can refuse . 
  they 're a net loss to whichever country is looking after them , as callous as that sounds . 
  the civilian flight is just weird , though . 
  it 's written into the geneva convention , and it makes a lot of sense really . 
  why waste precious resources feeding pow 's when you can let their home countries feed them at least partially . 
  they were also used by allied intelligence agencies to hide secret messages in . 
  the ` map deck ' is a famous example , where escape routes were incorporated into packs of playing cards . 
   although a large proportion of british prisoners in germany come from ordinary working classes , a large number of them speak impeccable and fluent german . 
  oh how times have changed . 
   the crowning insult was the disfigurement of a portrait of the f\u00fchrer in a station waiting room by a british prisoner who drew rude pictures over it . 
  or maybe not . 
  from the telegraph article :  the bank historically conducted a review of its domicile every three years , although changes to regulation have put these on hold until now . 
  so basically , they stopped after 2008 and they 've started again now that things are more normal and the markets are less twitchy . 
  load of fuss about nothing . 
  this might be my new favourite photograph . 
  never seen it before , and i love it !, 
  i remember a year or so back when i said that the bnd were just as implicated as anyone else and had people on here downvoting me , claiming the bnd are n't well funded enough to be any use at all , and they would n't do it anyway because of ` german history ' . . well , told you so . 
  okay , jeff . 
  it 's a bit disingenuous to call them allies . 
  they were enemies for longer than they were allies . 
  and the alliance was n't an official one . 
  where did they get crimea from !, 
  pretty sure no one other than farage believes it . . 
  we have china town . . 
  [ enjoy . 
  ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/2wm3h7/eli5_why_is_amir_taaki_important_and_why_do_some/cosjlzs?context=5 ) to be fair , he got downvoted to shit . 
  this is as funny as the time a bunch of bitcoiners were discussing how a service selling sexual webcam sessions with 16 year olds for bitcoin was ` the free market speaking ' . . and by funny , i mean depressing . 
   concentrated stupid . 
  or as they like to call themselves , libertarians . 
  i mean i 'm sure it 'd be nice for georgia , but it 'd piss russia off a lot and there 's an open land dispute is there not ? 
  seems like a recipe for disaster . 
   or is it a case of `` we must defend our precious homeland from the merkeldollar ! '', 
  like it is here ? 
  you surely do n't believe that . . 
  lol at the juncker hate on here ... 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lptr6dqrny ), 
  i reckon i could have got similar or better results on fiverr.com and i 'm not even joking . 
  i was mainly talking about people on here , to be honest . 
  i do n't have an illusions that we 're a hot topic for your average european . 
  but on here we are , and i think the english language media we export is probably fueling that . 
  although was n't there a poll recently that said over 50 % of europeans wanted us to leave ? 
  not sure what the methodology was like , mind . 
  i do n't think farage is stupid enough to accept russian funding . 
  it 'd be the end of his party if it ever came out . 
   it is totally different in southern europe . 
  they drink because they like the taste !, 
  what was our governments opinion on the cookies nonsense ? 
  because that is something that annoys me every day at some point . 
  completely useless legislation . 
  every site uses cookies . . every site shows the warning . 
  it means nothing . 
  it 's just a government mandated popup . 
  definitely not a given . 
  48 % lean towards leaving , with the majority of them only slightly leaning . 
  the rest are nos and undecideds . 
  undecideds always mean status quo . 
  i would say we 're more similar to canadians than the us . 
  but still less similar than we are to france or germany . 
  not actually met a canadian , though . 
  so i could be wrong .
