  the vast majority of takeaways in the uk are small family businesses that do n't have a website you can order from , just a phone number you can call . 
  often they do n't accept cards , which is a pain as i 've been cashless for a few years now . 
  also , i do n't like having to deal with accents and miscommunicated orders which can happen a lot using the phone . 
  the devil you know . 
  [ we also took a way bigger tumble than those other countries . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fomypzo.png ) it can be seen as a correction . 
  the level of wealth we were running at was inflated and not sustainable . 
  and people wonder why we do n't love the eu . 
  i thought she was turks wife from scrubs . 
  you 're not supposed to vote on talent you fools . 
  it 's political . 
  like fuck you would . 
  no one in australia would support that . 
  yeah , haha . 
  this is the least accidental accident ever . 
  [ malcolm tucker has something to say to the bank of england . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syolbsls-c0 ), 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  and this is why you 've had a goat in power for 32 years . 
  i use just eat ( denmark startup ) probably once a week , and they too have a clear revenue model although i 'd describe it as predatory at best , which is a shame . 
  i 'd put google well and truly in that catagory , but facebook could potentially be toppled just like myspace was before it . 
  it really only takes people to collectively go ` ohhh , nifty ! ', 
  at another site with similar features and that 's the nail in their coffin . 
  that 's pretty much how facebook beat myspace . 
  i agree on twitter , though . 
  has it made a profit yet ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  gibraltar is the same . 
  but it 's pretty much exclusively gambling sites due to their laws being favourable to that type of website . 
  do instagram and whatsapp make any money at all ? 
  just from using their services i ca n't see any form of monetization . 
   and `` prudence , professionalism and leisure time over flamboyant risk-taking '' ai n't it . 
  we could get around this with government e-entrepreneur loans . 
  you got an idea ? 
  well the government will give you up to # 25,000 of seed money for a 15 % stake in your company . 
  loan to paid back in a similar fashion to how student loans are paid back currently . 
  it 's a decent alternative to the have-to-go-to-university-to-be-successful culture we 're currently breeding , which for a lot of people is pretty useless . 
  i just did the maths and for every 1.3 million loans of # 25,000 the government would only need 1 company to be as big as facebook to break even . 
  i like those odds . 
  that 's true . 
  to be fair , any country can do this unilaterally if they want . 
  the first country to do it , wins . 
  there 's a huge first mover advantage in something like this . 
  but you have to really go for it . 
  nerds and sunlight ? 
  it 's a bold move !, 
  i think we should just re-purpose the welsh valleys and create a silicone valley . 
  you can buy an old mining village for # 50 and a bag of chips to sweeten the deal , lol . 
  internet companies are in a bubble at the moment . 
  huge userbases with no clear way to monetize them . 
  the current line of thinking is that someone will come up with a way soon . . facebook is valued at 100x its yearly profits . . 
  if that 's not a bubble , than i do n't know what is . 
  that said , it does n't excuse our poor performance . 
  i 'm just saying valuation is n't a great metric to use . 
  sidenote : feeling pretty sheepish at the moment . 
  i was slating fb shares back when they were $ 23 a share and now they 're $ 80 + . . 
  i maintain that they were overvalued then and they 're overvalues now , though . 
  biggest problem is that europe does n't have a silicone valley of its own . 
  a place where every tech nerd knows he should go with his big idea , and every vc knows where to go to find ideas worth funding . . 
  it 's not something we can easily overcome . 
  language barriers are a hindrance , for example . 
  there 's still 50 % of the eu that do n't know english . 
  that cuts out pool of people who can collaborate easily on ideas down to 50 % . 
  but then we 've got other things going for us , like much cheaper higher education . 
  i 've got # 20 riding on a no vote , so regardless of outcome i 'm happy . 
  not even 100 months ... 
  it 's literally tony blairs fault . 
  remindeme !, 
  1 day, 
  his site did get involved , and they were as wrong as everyone . 
  but they nailed the scottish referendum result . 
  a general election is way more complicated than a referendum . 
  i want a shock landslide in favour . 
  lol , this fucken guy !, 
  such a scamp . 
  probably a good idea not to let the yanks get involved , tbh . 
  [ they 've got a bad track record . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2w41pvvzs0 ), 
  lol , i 'd bet money that 's just people flying home because they 're flying home . 
  such a well drawn baguette , such a badly drawn bike . 
  yeah , but that 's still 200 years ago . 
  it was a shitty thing to say . 
  the punchline of a joke , maybe . 
  not something you say to someone in parliament . 
  at least not in such a hamfisted way . . 
  lol , farage do n't give a fuck . 
  the fuck was that bit about belgium ? 
  maybe i 've been watching too much pmq 's , but this seemed pretty tame . 
  i doubt he cared too much . 
  yeah , but you were talking about visits/holidays . 
  there 's no way in hell we would n't have a 90 day waiver with eu countries like we do with almost every country on earth . 
  we 're right on each others doorsteps . 
  it 'd make no sense for the eu to make us jump through hoops to go on holiday . 
  all they 're doing is saying toodles to our tourist money , which is significant . 
  particularly to france . 
   i also like not having to pay for a visa to go visit my family in france , or friends in germany , and have full use of the healthcare system whenever i injure myself , regardless of where i am in the eu ( looking at you , austrian ski resorts and italian highways ) . 
  it 's really unlikely that any of that would change . 
  we have visa waivers with tons of countries . 
  160 something , iirc . 
  not sure why we would n't get them for the eu as well , unless out of spite . 
  but i doubt the eu would bother being that petty . 
  no , unlimited according to their terms and conditions . 
  it 's limited to 25gb/month if you 're abroad though .
