   further , i think the attitude or assumption made in a lot of the comments here that men should be traumatized when they are sexually assaulted is , uh , unhelpful . 
  if a man was raped by a woman , but there 's no lasting effects on his physical or mental health the issue has been subsequently resolved between the pair of them , that 's a good thing . 
  an interesting related idea i 've been thinking about . 
  society seems to perpetuate the idea that once a woman is raped she is permanently damaged goods . 
  i 've seen people actually make the claim that rape is worse than murder , for example . 
  usually said with ` at least with murder you do n't have to live with the pain . . ' does this have a negative effect on female victims ? 
  i mean , being raped is shitty enough as is without the added bullshit of having society assume you 're damaged for good . 
  is it a bit of a self fulfilling prophecy in that respect ? 
  does the ` man up and deal with it ' attitude that males foster actually result in rape being less of a big deal for them ? 
  you never really hear of women who 've been raped and shrug it off ( then again , probably some selection bias there ) , yet i know two men that have done exactly that . 
  maybe it 's a bit of that , along with the being physically dominant . 
  i wonder if any studies have been done on the differing attitudes of rape among genders . . all of this said , if i was raped in the arse with a dildo by a man this would all go out the window and i imagine i 'd be very traumatized . 
  makes me think it has more to do with the dominance , and maybe the insertion of an object ? 
  maybe it 's more violating to be entered than to be forced to enter someone else ? 
  i think the ability of most men to overpower most women considerably changes the dynamic of female on male rape . 
  unless the woman has a weapon , very few men are going to be scared for their lives nor are they likely to be forced to do anything against their will by a woman . 
  if you 're a woman being raped by a man , the power advantage is in his favour . 
  it makes the whole situation much more scary . 
  california flair . 
  make your own conclusions . 
  yeah , seems like a no brainer but assange supporters do n't seem to get it . 
  [ ` we never said it was bum rape , mark . . ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uiiiyunmqk ), 
  i know two guys who were raped in their sleep by women , and i 'm sure it 's more common than most people think . 
  neither of them seem to care all that much . 
  they said they woke up , pushed her off them and then went back to sleep . 
  drinking was involved both times . 
  i 'm pretty convinced that ed miliband was chosen as leader on purpose the with sole purpose of losing this election so that the tories can continue doing things that labour know need to be done but also know their voters hate . 
  i 've said this for about 5 years now . 
  second half of my prediction is that they bring david miliband back , but i think that 's unlikely now . 
  the miliband brand is well and truly destroyed . 
   most likely wait , that 's not reassuring at all !, 
  a bit rich to demand proof after you yourself made baseless claims . . 
  but oh well . 
  at least we got to a conclusion !, 
  [ well here you go . 
  here 's last months post on the matter . . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/35t828/uk_unemployment_falls_to_183m/cr7lbtz ) as you can see , it 's not nearly as doom and gloom as you 're making out . 
   just super inflated due to zero hour contracts so im saying take them with a pinch of salt and not accurate . 
  which is a load of bollocks , just to reiterate . 
  [ and here 's why . . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/35t828/uk_unemployment_falls_to_183m/cr7lbtz ), 
  i still think that the 2008 crisis would n't have been nearly as bad if no one reported on it . 
  then again , 10 + year terms are the norm . 
  we seem to give our parliament enough time to actually implement their ideas , which is nice . 
  if we were swapping every 5 years it 'd be a nightmare though . 
  i guess there is the potential for that , but it does n't seem very common . 
  what ? 
  democracy is the best we 've got . 
  it 's not the best there is . 
  you need to include qualifiers or shit like ukip or syriza can happen ... 
  i mean , if we had pr then ukip would have got something like 80 seats . . do we [ want people with objectively fucking retarded opinions and beliefs ] ( https://youtu.be/0fsbpnh9fdy?t=1770 ) in parliament ? 
  it 's * clearly * a bad idea . 
  if your democracy puts them in a position of power , then it 's no longer fit for purpose . 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . '', 
  - winston churchill, 
   the uk has to big parties essentially taking turns ruling . 
  we have a center right and a center left party that take turns ruling the country . 
  that seems pretty ideal to me . 
  the more we can silence the idiot far right and the idiot fat left , the better . 
  i do n't care if that disenfranchises large parts of the electorate , they 're morons anyway . . 
  if it aint broke , do n't fix it . 
  say ` british subjects ' just to really rile the scots . 
  no , that 's not correct . 
  the reason cameron never tried to make it law was likely because he 'd have got creamed in the vote . 
  the lib dems would have revolted , and labour would have voted against it because they vote against whatever the tories propose . 
  under pr the snp would have got way less mps . 
  everyone just says ` yeah but at least it kept ukip out of parliament ' . . 
  i do n't think that people over here believe in democracy for the sake of democracy . 
  it has to serve a purpose . 
  plus i 've heard from people that they like a strong government , and it 's true that pr generally results in weaker governments . 
  they 'd rather have a strong government that can put its plans into practice , even if they do n't agree with the plans . 
  the alternative being a weak government which has to compromise . 
  kind of makes sense , really . 
  even if your party is n't in power now , if they do get in next time you want them strong . 
  it 's also worth noting that the tories never even crafted a law requiring it . 
  they basically just asked isps to do it . 
  and yeah . 
  when you set up your internet connection it asks if you want it turned on . 
  hardly the end of the world . 
  it 's been so completely misrepresented on reddit . 
  i wonder how much of it is just ` greener grass ' . . 
  they get to mainland europe . 
  everything does n't smell of roses , but then there 's rumours that everything does smell of roses in the uk . . what 's one more boat ride ? 
  his reasoning is that he wants a house and car . . god fucking dammit . 
  that 's the aspiration of about 50 % of people i know in the uk . . also , lol at him picking spain to go find unskilled employment . 
  we 're clearly just footing he bill for a bunch of opportunists . 
  it 's no coincidence that it only seems to be 18-30 year old males who seem to need asylum . 
  i mean they 're only the most able demographic of any country on earth . . of course they need ` asylum ' . . / s ridiculous that people are still pretending that the majority of these people have valid claims . 
  they never came over in the potential numbers this new age of immigration is threatening . 
  and it still caused tension . 
  who exactly are you talking about ? 
  why are you trying to make this about race ? 
   common good the common good means fuck all to the people being stamped on to maintain it . 
  those numbers should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
  they 're not stupid . 
  they know they ca n't say ` for work ' or they 'll get kicked out of europe . 
  me or you would be no different . 
  if i was trying to get a job in another country and knew a few simple lies i could n't be called out on would get me in , i 'd lie my arse off too . 
  it 's very hard to look at the 90 % male 18-30 year old immigrants trying to climb into lorries in calais and say ` these are legitimate refugees ' with a straight face . 
  most of the illegals entering via the med are economic migrants , and not admitting that is sticking your head firmly in the sand . 
  helps no one . 
  offers no solutions .
