  scotland , wales and northern ireland are still recognised as countries , although they are within the uk . 
  surely a bad example . 
  ireland split up into two , scotland currently seeking independence . 
  isolationist policy is n't always best policy . 
  imagine how much quicker ww2 could have ended and how many lives could have been saved if the usa was n't so isolationist back then . 
  if they 'd come into the war in 1939 . 
  could have shortened the war by at least a year . 
  might have even saved some 20m russians on the eastern front . 
   mostly unifying tax - bank - and genral financial market regulation ah , the old ` being the uk ' tax . 
   uk : fully in or fully out , no more special status and maybe setting up some neighbourly trade agreements imho , preferably out , since its more and more clear they are just the pet of the usa and the financial markets . 
  neither of that benefits the eu the way i see it is that we 're better to be in and meddling than out and powerless . 
   ideally the eu will become a federation , with the eu assuming exclusive competence over things such as foreign policy and defense . 
  how would that ever work when each eu country has such a different foreign policy ? 
  it would n't . 
  there 's too much history between various countries for that to ever work . 
   the ability to murder , drunk drive , steal , commit fraud and have no legal repercussions you 're so far out of wack with reality you 're not even worth replying to . 
  best of luck . 
  i disagree . 
  being a king is 24/7 until you die . . 
  i 'd never in a million years want to be a royal . 
  look what happened when harry dressed up as a nazi . 
  tabloids went ape shit . 
  i can get away with that kind of stuff as an anonymous ` subject ' . . 
  it 's very stuffy . 
  you 're bred and moulded from a young age for a pre determined destiny . 
  it just sounds awful . 
  you talk about choice . 
  choice to grow up and be anything you want to be , but princes do n't have that choice . 
  they have one career path to take and it 's determined the second they 're born . 
  awful , just awful . 
  pm is infinitely better . 
  actual tangible position of power , and when you 're done you can make # 1m a year doing public speaking . 
  ~ 5 years after your premiership and you can drift into obscurity again and live out the rest of your life . 
  tl ; dr being a royal sucks balls . 
  anyone who thinks otherwise has n't thought hard enough about it . 
  [ our countries have so much in common ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/10139237/man-gets-head-trapped-in-traffic-cone.html ) . . how anyone can claim we should split up is beyond me . 
  you could almost make it a reality tv show . 
  ` one hundred syrians , only room for fifty . 
  who will make it , who will die ? ', 
  but being prime minister is higher up the ladder than being king/queen . . 
  i think we can all agree on this one . 
  itt : butthurt train drivers . 
  london tube drivers can make # 60,000 + it 's ludicrous . 
  they basically just pull a leaver all day . 
  worst of all , they strike as well !, 
  it 's so dumb . 
  i 'd never be that much of a cunt if i knew a computer could take my job so easily . 
  [ always follow the money ... ] ( http://www.betfair.com/exchange/politics/market?id=1.110033387 ) 5:1 odds of a ` yes ' vote . 
  1.2:1 odds for a ` no ' vote . 
  the betting markets are pretty damn good at predicting this kind of thing . 
  good to see the eu tackling issues that really matter . . 
  i 'm not saying everyone should think the same thoughts , just that they should think those thoughts in the same language . 
  there 's a difference . 
   try to imagine this about programming languages as well . 
  that too would be amazing . 
   well , we do . 
  no we do n't . 
  me and you , do . 
  but humans in general , do n't . 
   um , no , sorry , the world would be a poorer place without polish / and others respective . 
  why ? 
  i wish we all just spoke the same language . 
  it 'd make everything so much easier . 
  and yes , i wish for that language to be english . 
  why ? 
  well look at the language we 're all using to communicate in this thread . 
  different languages is just one more social barrier . 
  edit : lol , everyone here is well into the whole united europe ideal but when you mention consolidating languages everyone loses their shit . 
  united military = good , united tongue = aawww hell naw ... ? 
   we had about 30 boxes of leaflets with nick griffins face on them [ i do n't usually like posting meme shite , but ... ] ( http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqygxqeavzyyycmi2javg544f0f5xp1-t175npnwpsolbgxvrvxaq ) seems like the yes campaign creators thought the public was stupid . 
  that 's always a mistake . 
   a senior member of the ukip ( uk independence party ) has come under fire from his own party for calling a room full of female activists ` sluts ' and hitting a bbc reporter around the head with the party 's manifesto after being asked why all the stock photo models were white . 
  hahahaha , that 's such a hilarious overreaction . 
  such clear acting . 
  what a complete fool . 
  tried this in the uk . 
  no one understood it . 
  everyone voted against it . 
  the ` yes ' campaign was a complete disaster . 
  it seems they 're well versed in subjects that do n't really matter . 
   we are made up of 4 different countries and regional divisions kilt , handguns , sheep and london . 
   it spoils the fun . 
  it really does . 
  probably because london would want devomax next . 
   polling is actually discovering that the undecided are more likely to vote `` yes '' rather than `` no '' by about 2 to 1 iirc . 
  how did they determine that ? 
  i find that very hard to believe . . who goes against the status quo when they 're undecided ? 
  that seems extremely odd . 
  source . 
  i doubt those figures . 
  lots of smaller states seems like a great way to be extremely inefficient to me . 
  and in that case ? 
  any idea ? 
  i 'm sure i read it was n't as bad as it was made out to be . 
   so , like i said you will have way less power than before in the e.u just because you 're saying something does n't make it so . 
  we 'd still be in the same position on the eu gdp list ( 3rd ) and we 'd still have the most powerful military . 
  also , flair up . 
  i 'd bet money you 're french , but it 's worth knowing for sure . 
  a 7 % reduction in population and a $ 200bn smaller gdp is n't going to make any difference . 
  $ 2.2 tn economy rather than a $ 2.4 tn economy .
