  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_language_in_europe you ca n't * seriously * be arguing this , can you ? 
   if this site was dutch and this subreddit was made in german , we 'd see little english here . 
  you 'd also not see anywhere near the variety of flairs . . 
  which is the whole point . 
  europe already picked one . 
  they picked english . 
  look at all the flairs on here , then look at the language everyone is typing . 
  you must be mental to believe that . 
  unless you 're being tongue in cheek to my tongue in cheek post . . 
  i just do n't know . 
  why even have one ? 
  it 's the same reason the indians did n't much like us ruling over them . 
  we had nothing in common with them and would sail them down the river in a second to benefit ourselves . 
  to think that attitude does n't exist today within the political elite is naive . 
  pretty sure he stealth edited . 
  pretty sure it said :  ~ ~ english ~ ~ america won in europe already . . 
  when i commented . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  singapore and the us seem to be doing alright outside of the eu . 
  the eu can kick up a fuss if they wish , but money is mobile nowadays . 
  it 's all electronic . 
  if the eu wants to be a thorn in our side we can just offer great agreements with brazil , the us , india , china , etc. 
  there 's other fish . 
   i do n't think the uk has a future outside of the eu this is such an absurd statement . 
  it 's as absurd as me saying that canada does n't have a future unless it joins the united states . 
  english won in europe already . . 
  i mean , look at what language we 're all typing in here . 
  resistance is futile . 
  that 's a huge waste of money already . 
  remember , reddit is not indicative of the general population of anywhere . 
  particularly when we 're on a subreddit that is dedicated specifically to europe . 
  it 's like how / r/scotland is full to the brim with independence zealots . 
  because the scots who do n't give a fuck are all on / r/unitedkingdom . . 
  if we went to / r/finland or / r/germany and asked the question we 'd probably get a better idea of the real support for federalization . 
  even then , reddit in general is left leaning . 
  so that still would n't be properly indicative . 
  i just do n't want a frenchman , or a german , or a romanian , or a hungarian , or a whoeverman having control over my country , and by proxy my life . 
  it 's just not for me . 
  in return , i do n't want control over any of their countries or citizens . 
  the eu does n't need to become federal to wield power . 
  a strong trade alliance will sort out of 90 % of geopolitical problems ( because money talks ) , and a military alliance will sort out of the other 10 % . 
  we do n't need federalism for either of those things . 
  ** fade the flairs ** ( lol ), 
  we 're not out . 
  empire ? 
  we 've not been an empire for a while . 
  pretty much since we gave hong kong back to them . . and from what i 've heard the people of hong kong are less than thrilled with their new administrators !, 
  i do n't think china has a leg to stand on . 
  if they were actually against empire they 'd have given hong kong an independence referendum back in 1997 . 
  this happens once a month . 
  i am pretty shocked that so many people in dublin could respond in irish . 
  i honestly thought it would be zero . 
  so the best team went out first ? 
  pretty sure that confirms that we 're 100 % absolutely going to win the world cup . 
  historically it only happens directly before a world war here in the uk , so i 'm not all that keen . 
  loosen ofsted requirements and remove the warning that they 're going to happen . 
  then gradually increase the ofsted requirements over the next few decades . 
  it makes no sense seeing a school on its best behaviour . 
  you need to see the natural state of the school and judge it based on that . 
  you must be mental . 
  they 'll have their parents copies to read !, 
  oh come off it . 
  harry potter was an absolute phenomenon . 
  they were extremely solid books and they 'll stand the test of time . . 
  haha , what a load of shit . 
  who would bother ` hacking ' some twitter account with 1000 followers ? 
  look up how many trucks the soviets produced . 
  they basically did n't . 
   in this hypothetical , when did the ussr fall ? 
  early on , since that was when they almost fell irl . 
  first year or so . 
  without the industrial support of the us/uk , that would have been the most likely scenario . 
  the psychological effect would have been huge , though . 
  even if the damage was n't ( which it also would have been ) . 
   the last two on japan as far as i know the original plan was to drop them on germany . 
  that was the plan when the manhattan project was started . 
  it became less necessary as time went on and it became more obvious that germany was losing the war . 
  with russia out of the war , and no end in sight since germany would then have power over almost the entirety of europe , fat man and little boy would have likely been dropped on germany . 
  and if japans reaction to nukes was to surrender , then germany did n't stand a chance . 
  the japanese were at a whole different level when it came to honour and the act of surrendering . 
  germany , on the other hand , had already dealt with surrender once and would probably feel like such destruction was n't worth it . 
  plus there 'd be no way to know how many bombs the us had . 
  drop 1 a week for 2 weeks and who 's to say when they 'll end ? 
  it 's anyones guess . 
  the supplies the usa and brits sent were invaluable to their war effort . 
  i really think they 'd have lost quite early on without them . 
  from the usa :  in total , the us deliveries through lend-lease amounted to $ 11 billion in materials : over 400,000 jeeps and trucks ; 12,000 armored vehicles ( including 7,000 tanks , about 1,386 of which were m3 lees and 4,102 m4 shermans ) ; 11,400 aircraft ( 4,719 of which were bell p-39 airacobras ) and 1.75 million tons of food . 
  from the brits :  between june 1941 and may 1945 3,000 hurricanes were delivered to the ussr along with 4,000 other aircraft , 5,000 tanks , 5,000 anti-tank guns and 15 million boots in total 4 million tonnes of war materials including food and medical supplies were delivered . 
  the returning ships carried the gold that the ussr was using to pay the us . 
  man power is worthless without weapons and food . 
   the ussr did n't win the war , but without them it would have been nearly unwinnable . 
  had the ussr fallen , could n't britain and the usa just have pelted germany with nukes until surrender ? 
  it 'd have dragged on , that 's for sure . 
  but as soon as the usa could build bombs at a decent rate , it 'd all be over . 
  i do n't think you can really put a % on it like that . 
  if britain remained neutral then there 'd have been no western front , no lend-lease agreement with the us , etc. 
  then that 10 % seems silly looking . 
  without the usa , lend-lease and the atomic bomb shit might have dragged out for another few years in the pacific with god knows how many more deaths . 
  now that 30 % is looking silly . 
  it was a team effort .
