  germany has a ` church tax ' still , which makes religion far more involved in the every day lives of its citizens than the church of england is . 
  the turkish people that are members of my gym are complete fucking assholes almost without exception . 
  the turkish people that work in kebab shops are really friendly . 
  the jury is out . 
  given when no one else ( private investment ) would dare lend to them , they 're gifts of a kind . 
   we love eu and we want to stay in it well , yeah . 
  i 'd also like to stay friends with the guy who is constantly giving me money to fix my house . . 
  has n't greece received about 240bn euros of bailouts from the eu so far ? 
  that 's over 1 years gdp . 
  ** uk ** more snowden related shit x 100, 
  ` pshh , who wants natural light and a view anyway ! ', 
  lol , no . 
   so you prefer state run press ? 
  the bbc is literally the most reliable and unbiased source of news in the uk . 
  just sayin ' . . 
   why is n't the freedom of the press sacred in the uk because the newspapers by and large are seen as meddling bad influences ? 
  it 's probably that . 
  phone hacking is just one example of why we hate the press in the uk . 
  the press and politicians . 
  they 're all cunts . 
  send me over there and i 'll see what i can do . 
  you 're arguing a losing battle . 
  the most vast and powerful empire that ever existed was the british empire . . 
  this is n't jingoism , it 's just a historical fact . 
   above said i 've visited some british friends a few times and going out `` clubbing '' in britain is different . . mhmm ? 
  yep . 
  and dubstep . 
   carpets in bathrooms . 
  why ? 
  oh why . 
  lived here all my life . 
  never experienced that in any house i 've been in . 
  sounds like you work in the wrong kind of place . 
  cognitive dissonance , much ? 
   as for sport the uk is the 22nd most populous nation on earth and we finished 3rd in the olympic medal table . 
  did n't we have a bit of an unfair advantage being the home team ? 
  we had free entry to every event , no ? 
  til that the usa is part of europe . 
  ireland ? 
  pretty sure we take more shots at the french . 
  i suppose it is , but there were better options . 
  they could have sailed the fleet to any of the french colonies with a port so they could continue the fight with de gaulle and the allies . . 
  it just seems that it was symbolic more than useful . 
  admiral darlan was seriously insulted when the british did n't believe he 'd not let his ships fall into german hands . . 
  i ca n't help but think he wanted to prove something . 
  in fact , a few days after toulon admiral dalan sent this to churchill :  `` prime minister you said to me ' i hope you will never surrender the fleet ' . 
  i replied , ` there is no question of doing so ' . 
  it seems to me you did not believe my word . 
  the destruction of the fleet at toulon has just proved that i was right . '', 
  so he basically scuttled his entire fleet , and yet within days he 'd sent an ' i told you so ' telegram to the pm of britain . . 
  sour grapes , much ? 
  if they want to hang on to their money , they give shit odds . 
  that 's how the betting industry works . 
  by offering shit odds on a ` no ' result they 're hanging on to their money because they believe with relative certainty that it will be a ` no ' result . 
  i 'm telling you that those rumours are a load of bullshit and do n't make sense . 
  yeah , that makes no sense because the ` no ' result will pay out much more if it happens . 
  currently you bet # 1 on ` yes ' result and it comes in you 'll win # 8 . 
  if you bet # 1 on a ` no ' result and it comes in you 'll win 14 pence . 
  a load of old bollocks . 
  rumors that do n't even make financial sense . 
  nate silver just poo poo 'd the entire idea of scottish independence , which is probably why the odds are so low . 
  aka the people that actually vote . 
   superiority complex says the swede !, 
  seriously . 
  literally the biggest empire that 's ever existed and likely ever will exist . 
  some cool machines , though . 
  we have the longest alliance in the world . 
  i think we have a lot in common with the germans , tbh . 
  more than any other european nation . 
  i reckon germany , then france . . then very little in common with just about everyone else . 
  there 's a 30 mile stretch of sea separating us from the rest of europe . 
  i do n't understand why no one can see the impact that has on the collective consciousness . 
  you mean you do n't like paying # 650 for 450 square feet ? 
  why do you hate ~ ~ america ~ ~ the uk ? 
  your law system is crazy . 
  scotland is a poopnose !, 
  i do n't understand why we were ` team gb ' in the olympics . 
  i 'm a 24 year old working class guy and i like thatcher . 
  i 'll never forgive her for the housing sell off though , it 's completely fucked me . 
  she did alright at everything else though , and any government with balls in the past 20 odd years could have reversed that policy but they did n't . 
  all the blame ca n't be put on her . 
  section 28 was some fucking bullshit too , but times were different . 
  [ were you even trying ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_english_inventions_and_discoveries ) ( we are boasting about shit we had nothing to do with . . ), 
  i think if i asked all my friends about europe they would n't give a fuck either way . 
  i ca n't help but feel like the only reason they scuttled was because they were so pissed off that the british did n't believe they 'd scuttle . 
  had mers-el-kebir never happened i do n't think they 'd have scuttled . 
  scuttling meant that they could forever paint the british in a bad light , which is kind of understandable given how many sailors they lost . . 
  worst thing about the hundred year war was the missing zero . 
  your username is extremely informative . 
  do n't waste your birthday cake wish !, 
  hbo = game of thrones , band of brothers , sopranos , the wire , the pacific , six feet under , and more that i 've probably forgotten . 
  channel 4 is okay , but it 's completely incomparable to the quality of programming hbo produces . 
  iirc the latest series of game of thrones had a $ 6,000,000 budget . . 
  per episode . 
  is dr any good ? 
  bbc is pretty good , so i really do n't mind . 
  if it was like channel 5 i 'd be pissed off paying # 140 a year . 
  it 's not , in my experience . 
  i do n't think either are bad though .
