  that is under the researchers ' pessimistic scenario , in which the uk is not able to negotiate favourable trade terms . 
  under an optimistic scenario , in which the uk continues to have a free trade agreement ( fta ) with the eu , losses would be 2.2 % of gdp . 
  2.2 % is n't catastrophic . 
  it 's a set back of roughly 1 year at current growth rates . 
  i do n't disagree with the other points you made . 
  i do n't really trust predictions that far out . 
  we just need to get rid of all faith schools . 
  convert them to normal non faith schools . 
  good thing we buy more stuff from the eu than we sell to the eu then . 
  it was n't that he thought we were n't serious , it 's that he thought we 'd disagree too much . 
  probably a fair enough assessment . 
  he did n't , [ but what he actually said was much more reasonable than the way it 's portrayed in the media . . ] ( http://mercury.ethz.ch/serviceengine/files/isn/125401/ipublicationdocument_singledocument/ac00df0c-f983-4697-8867-f9da3018294d/en/1168_degaulleveto.pdf ) well worth a read , even if it is a little hard to follow . 
  there 's a tons of non-eu countries that will be happy to have our fish . 
  anyway , the idea that we will not be allowed to have a free trade deal with the eu if we exit is just / r/europe europhiles wet dreams , and nothing more . 
  they love the idea of us being punished for leaving , but there 's literally no way we wo n't wrangle a free trade deal of some kind . 
  if motherfucking iceland can do it , then the 2nd biggest economy in europe can . 
  well i guess it 's wrong to say france will oppose us because we 're us . 
  it 's more that france will oppose us because we 're anglo-saxon model capitalists , and they oppose that . 
  but we invented that model , so it 's tantamount to opposing us for being us . 
  if you 're in the eu you ca n't unilaterally make trade deals with another country . 
  the eu has to negotiate for the entire eu . 
  i believe it 's one of the things that euroskeptics hate about the eu . 
  no one 's mentioned that ireland does approximately 50 % of its trade with the uk . . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , and the eu does n't let the uk into any kind of free trade deal like many people here believe . . then what the fuck is ireland going to do ? 
  it 's economy is going to be completely at the mercy of trade restrictions forced on it by the eu . . 
  americans trying to converse with the irish accent ? 
  might as well have set up shop in spain for all the good it 'll do them . 
  for a nation of irish people , the americans are surprisingly bad at understanding accents . 
  he did , however he ended up putting it to a vote ( which he did n't need to ) and he got voted down . 
  he then accepted that vote as binding , again , when he did n't need to . 
  so all in all , he 's better than tony blair in that regard . 
  croydon is a proper shithole . 
  we buy more stuff from the eu than we sell to the eu . 
  it 's within their interest to make sure that as far as free trade goes things stay the same . 
  germany are pragmatists . 
  they 'll support whatever works . 
  france are france . 
  they 'll oppose it just because it 's us . 
  yeah , it was . 
  you joke , but being the only people allowed to fish our waters would certainly be a boost to the fishing industry here in the uk . 
  yougov is internet only . 
  the one in the article uses internet and phone . 
  september 2016 is when everyone seems to think it 'll be . 
  i do n't agree with that rule at all . 
  the rules , where possible , should be as straight forward and clear cut as possible . 
  where not possible , mods should confer before taking action . 
  it 's clearly abhorrent , but still vastly better than what i 've seen isis get up to . 
  and i do n't think we should be under and illusion of where the fsa are heading if they ever beat assad . 
  it 's not democracy . . 
  what can i say ? 
  i 'm a pragmatist . 
   it 's a little chilling to know that someone who sees torturing small children to death as a viable crowd control measure i 've not heard about this . 
  source ? 
   do they not recognize assad 's regime as being dictatorial ? 
  i recognise this , however the replacement will be no better and is actually likely to be much much worse . 
  so we might as well go with the devil we know . 
  democracy is great if you can get it , but it 's not clear that countries like syria can yet . 
   russians are there to help assad and very little else sounds good to me . 
  the options now are assad or isis , so it 's really no competition . 
  assad is the devil we know . 
  i think if you asked the average syrian citizen if they would like to go back to how things were before , or continue this path . . 
  they 'd choose go back to how things were 9 times out of 10 . 
  it 's incredibly unlikely they 'll let a 2 day old account be a mod . 
   daily , at least 6-7 hours a day . 
  at least 60 hours a week . 
  my man !, 
   i like your application , but i 'm not sure i agree with a laissez-faire style of modding . 
  set some simple ground rules , apply them uniformly . 
  if you 're letting opinion , feelings and personal prejudices dictate your modding then you 'll rub everyone up the wrong way and it 'll make everyones life harder . 
  ah , the irish . 
  denial brits , just like the scottish . 
  never heard that . 
  south east not even getting a mention , presumably because we 're perfect . 
   but older ones were there for very good reason . 
  from what i 've pieced together , the problem was that there was no way to know if that was true . 
   i think the mods made a mistake by wiping the ban slate clean . 
  i 've already seen a number of users back that had been banned for blatant and outright racism , and since returning they 've only continued it . 
  they 're correcting a mistake they made by allowing bans to be unattributed and unexplained . 
  it was n't sustainable . 
  in the past month or so i was banned approximately 3 times without explanation , which were then overturned when i sent a message to the mods . 
  there was clearly no way to tell if they were banned for reasons or personal vendettas . 
  obviously it means some people who should rightly be banned are now unbanned , but they can always be banned again if needs be . 
  any mods not explaining their bans should be removed as mods , imo . 
  they 're just a bit light on the whole ` journalistic integrity ' thing for my liking . 
  they hire freelancers most of the time , so it can be really hit and miss . 
  some are great , some are absolutely awful . 
  i 've lost count of the times where a vice documentary has basically been a white middle class twenty something hipster repeating some unsubstantiated story that 's being told to him by what is essentially ` some foreign guy ' . . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  every weekday , on and off throughout the day . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  probably spend a combined about an hour looking around and reading . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  uk  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  no , i do not . 
  * no , i do not . 
  *  what interests you about europe ? 
  well it 's where i live , so it 's pretty important to keep my ear to the ground on what 's happening on the continent . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  least favourite is probably the current wave of immigration threads and the racism that goes with them , although i think it 's mostly just pent up anger .
