  the harrier is a piece of shit nowadays . 
  it 's not an option . 
  catobar in the form of the electromagnetic one that did n't even exist when they started designing the ship . . 
  it was never going to get installed . 
  everyone knew it . . you ca n't design a deck of an aircraft carrier with a technology in mind that no one knows about . . because it does n't exist . 
  it was an impossible request . 
  long , cost a lot and is almost completely pointless . 
  we did n't know the f-35 was going to be such a lemon 10 years ago . 
  the us is usually pretty good at building military tech . 
  put polans tanks on the deck and drive them really fast off the ramp in the direction of russia . 
  why do n't they just replace german youtube with just the words ` fuck you you ca n't watch this . ', 
  there 's a google chrome extension called ` hola better internet ' you should install . 
  can you imagine miliband proposing such a thing . . like fuck could you . 
  it 's seriously depressing to think that he 's likely going to be the leader of our country next year . 
  over half the load , less than 1/3rd the crew . 
  efficiency . 
  you ca n't have catobar without steam , and you do n't get steam from diesel engines . 
  not having catobar was n't a decision , it was more a side effect of not going nuclear . 
   wow this thing is n't using nuclear ? 
  how the hell do you run this kind of metal monstrosity for any reasonable amount of time without nuclear ? 
  you fill it with a shit ton of diesel !, 
  haha . 
  the range is still 10,000 nautical miles , which is plenty really . 
  support ships can refuel it if needs be . 
  the price was deemed too high for nuclear . 
  these are meant to have a life span of 50 years , so that would require at least 1 replacement reactor in that time . 
  so 2 in total . 
  very very expensive job . 
  probably more expensive than the diesel they will use in those 50 years . 
  i 'm disappointed at the lack of statue of liberty for scale and eiffel tower for scale . 
  we 're fucking stuck with them due to how we built the carriers . 
  unless someone magics a stovl fighter out of thin air in 4 years , the f-35 is our only option . 
  our plan is to have f-35 's . 
  the f-35 is to aircraft design as vietnam was to wars . 
  oh , you mean tyranny of the masses ? 
  a perfect democracy is not something to strive for . 
  there 's a clear winner in that lineup . 
  what are they going to revolutionize ? 
  they could go back to a monarchy i guess . 
  a switch to fptp might be beneficial and allow for things to actually get done regardless of the indecisiveness of the people . 
  i mean it 's good , no doubt about that . 
  but it 's a bit german . 
  and i think german empire has some negative negative connotations . 
  maybe there 's something else . . another 2 syllable word . 
  i might be swayed to the idea if we go with that name . 
  although i suggest one small alteration . 
  i do n't think ` european ' has the right ring to it , you know ? 
  it 's just not snappy enough . 
  four syllables is too many . . 
  need a word with two syllables ... hmm , a word . . with two syllables . 
  just two syllables . 
  everyone went ape shit when two muslims in trackies went around london telling people to pour out their beer and stuff . 
  this should be fun . 
  off to / r/worldnews i go to watch the fireworks . 
  0.53 whats ? 
  units , man . 
  units !, 
  if only you get your joke , it probably was n't the right time to tell it . 
  murders by knife are way way higher in the uk than murders by any of the other methods you just mentioned . 
  it does n't matter what you might do in some hypothetical that 's never going to happen . 
  it only matters what actually happens in real life . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/smart-regulation/impact/ia_carried_out/docs/ia_2013/swd_2013_0241_en.pdf ctrl + f `` twh/a '' i was a few twh off with my above figures , but they 're still loopy . 
  lol , they do n't teach you about the roman empire then ? 
  but a knife takes physical exertion . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i can almost certainly outrun a 5 foot woman , or a fat man . . 
  put a gun in their hand though and i 'm not going to be able to outrun that 700mph bullet . 
  that 's the difference , imo . 
  guns make killing too easy . 
  it should be hard , it should be difficult and it should be personal for someone to try to murder me , because that gives me a fucking chance . 
  i had to show my id to buy some butter knives the other day . 
  i 'm 26 and do n't look < 18 . 
  it was silly . 
  the checkout lady knew it was silly . 
  everyone knew it was silly , and yet it was required . 
  everyone who leaves a country seems to say they want to come back . . that 's just what they tell their friends that they 're leaving behind . 
  source : many friends who claimed they would always come home but never did . . 
  that 's way way better than the standard throne . 
  it 's a load of busy body shit , and i do n't for one second believe the figures that the eu came up with for how much electricity hoovers use within the eu . 
  apparently vacuum cleaners use as much electricity as denmark uses ... denmark uses 36,392 twh . . that 's 36,392,000,000 kwh . . that equates to 72 kwh for every man , woman and child in the eu . 
  lets say the average vacuum is 1500w . . that 's 48 hours of hoovering every year for every person in the eu . 
  even babies . 
  it 's just clearly such a fucking bullshit number . 
  [ reagan for funniest president who clearly did n't give a fuck . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn3z3esvg7a ), 
   he paused for a laugh but nobody laughed . 
  i think that joke was lost on most of the estonian audience . 
  this reminds me of most us comedians who come to perform in the uk and do n't tailor their act . 
  the first two comments are n't actually contradictory . 
  to be fair , if anything 's going to make putin cry it 'll be this . 
   the reason why invasion of poland is the beginning of ww2 is because there was a system of alliances already in place . 
  to be fair i did note that in a comment elsewhere in this thread . 
  my above comment was meant to be tongue in cheek . 
  yeah , there was shit going on all over the world in the 30 's . 
  it was n't until all the wars kind of joined up via alliances being triggered that it really turned into a world war . 
  peg it to the pound and then adopt the euro asap . 
  that 's scotlands best option by far . 
  and on top of that when they come down south they 'll have to change their funny money to pounds and can no longer argue with cabbies over what ` legal tender ' is . 
  i do n't see why scotland wants a currency union . 
  i do n't think the snp even do . .
