  crowd who never leave . 
  if tories get in they 'll leave , if scotland votes no they 'll leave , yadda yadda . 
  buncha drama queens . 
  what a load of pish . 
   if ukip do n't win now they will never win . 
  they 're predicted something like 7 seats this election , and they probably wo n't even get that . 
  for those unfamiliar , we have ~ 650 seats in the uk . 
  and 45 % say is still better than 13 % . 
  like i said , there 's room to improve . 
  a federal eu would be a huge step backwards in terms of self determination and sovereignty . . we 've done okay on our own of the past several hundred years . 
  i do n't think we particularly need to be told how to run our country . 
  i 'm okay with the eu as it is and our membership as is , but if it continues to grow and expand in scope i 'll soon start getting uncomfortable with it . 
  the benefits will start to be outweighed by the negatives . 
  you will be sorely missed . . 
  so basically , when italy is n't ignoring the rules it 's very good at not ignoring the rules . . 
  pretty meaningless . 
   in fact , federalisation improves sovereignty - an all-encompassing eu , with a britain in it that 's more federalised than britain today - where different chunks of the country have more independence than they do today - is likelier a better system than the one in place . 
  federalism for the sake of federalism . 
  the 63,000,000 people who make up the uk would go from having a 100 % say in how their country is run , to a minority voice of ~ 13 % . . you can spin it whichever what way you like , it 's still a worse deal in terms of getting what we want as a nation . 
  we could easily be overruled by the rest of the eu . 
  sure , our current system is n't as good as it could be . 
  but the solution is n't to dilute power over our own affairs even more . 
  if anything we should be giving more power to our component countries , which we 're in the process of doing . 
   surely hearing a country 's problem and considering it is preferable to saying `` if you do n't like what we 're doing , leave '' ? 
  there 'd be no eu left if people did that . 
  fun fact , we actually break the least eu laws compared to the other major powers of the eu , and most of the minor ones too . 
  italy is the worst at not following eu legislation when it does n't want to . 
  so what 's better for the eu ? 
  countries that follow the eu legislation that 's set , but vocally come out against it and voice their concerns . . or the ones that just ignore anything they do n't like and keep quiet about it . 
  i know which one i think creates a healthier dynamic . 
  if the people of the eu genuinely want to actually work towards federalism , then i too want out . 
  i have zero interest in ceding our sovereignty to people that while i like , i do n't feel very close to . 
  but i do n't think that 's really the case . 
  you get that feeling on here , because here is one big eu circlejerk but i think that the attitude to federalism across the vast majority of the eu is a big no vote if it was ever up a referendum . 
  we would n't be stopping anything , even if we are the chosen boogeyman . 
  be me . 
  walk into anywhere abroad . 
  get spoken to in english . 
  my face must look really really british . 
  it 's not like i 'm wearing an england football shirt or something . 
   obviously no one would speak like that . 
  tell that to russell brand . . 
  i 've never heard anyone say ` vis-\u00e0-vis ' in a conversation without subconsciously translating it to ' i am a throbbing bellend ' . 
  ` practice makes perfect . ', 
  that 's actually pretty bad english , imo . 
  overly complicated for a conversation . 
  great technical understanding , poor implementation . 
  would not bang . 
  the hell was in the water ? 
  haha . 
  we 're going to nominate a band made up entirely of orphan kittens with one of their legs in a cast to represent us . 
   she the fact people are even calling him a she is silly . 
  guys a bloke who dresses up to sing . 
  a drag queen . 
  he 's not a she . 
  he lives his life as a gay male 95 % of the time . 
   because everyone wanted to show how open and liberal they were they 're going to be so fucked when we nominate gary glitter and ian watkins to represent us . 
  someone get me a translator for this guy . . 
  the cold war makes a lot more sense now . 
  i can get to 83kg without looking overweight at that height , although i 'm 75kg at the moment . 
  the banter runs deep with this lot . 
  * sensible chuckle *, 
  ids did n't kill the conservatives though . 
  corbyn could very well kill labour . 
  pretty much certain they are , though . 
  wear the downvotes with pride !, 
  i 'm waiting on him to come out and say he 'll bring it back . 
  i know it 's only a matter of time . 
  his policy is 100 % ` undo everything thatcher did . . ', 
  i thought that was their plan with ed miliband . . 
  also , if the labour party chuck him out that kills the labour party . . 
  they 're in such a shit situation . 
  if he makes it to 2020 , i 'd be properly shocked . 
  the tears in 2020 will almost be worth another tory term ... 
  i honestly had no idea . 
  was just making a joke . 
  more than i expected . 
  [ 4,681.5 kwh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ttj8suh.png ) i do n't have gas , my flat is fully electric . 
  only me living here . 
  i do n't mind a bit of cold , so i usually just put on a jumper rather than putting on the heating . 
  rarely used my electric heaters last winter , but it was quite mild . 
  i use another 9,464 kwh of petrol driving to work . 
  a small table outside that you can go eat meat at . 
  was n't there most green voters than tory voters ? 
  says it all , really . 
  if you want balance , / r/ukpolitics is much closer to the actual uk . 
  the lib dems are the ideal party for the uk , but no one votes for them because they can never win . 
  labour should adopt lib dem policies wholesale and we 'd probably have a well run country . 
  economically liberal , socially liberal . 
  one can dream . 
   lesbos islands what a [ magical place ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=lesbo ) it must be . . 
  yes , however only in the most retarded way imaginable , as per our government in general : http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/feb/04/first-female-genital-mutilation-prosecution-dhanuson-dharmasena-fgm yeah , go after a legitimate surgeon who made an honest mistake and not the people doing it maliciously . 
  so stupid . 
  glad he was found not guilty . 
  a popular theme is ` there 's nothing else to do ! ', 
  a shitty drinking culture that starts young was more what i was referencing . 
  we have much in common . 
  shhh !, 
  you 'll give the mancunians ideas !, 
  no true german .
