   the uk 's economy is absolutely massive compared to norway 's . 
  for comparison : londons gva = $ 546.4 billion norways gdp = $ 499.7 billion, 
  my favourite ww2 mental person . 
  i 'm only losing 1 % on my savings per year . . 
  i miss the 6.5 % interest rates of 2006 . 
  [ got ta be the mini cooper ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bv1pbcd.jpg ), 
  sounds like a backdoor way to make prisoners work for free . 
  it 's spying . 
  why do n't they just say yes , then carry on ? 
  the uk is pretty much the furthest eu country from afghanistan . . 
  so almost any other eu country would count as ` several safe havens between afghanistan and [ uk ] ' . 
  his argument is bunk , but so is your counter argument . 
   i 'll see if i can go through my post history over the weekend . 
  mate , do n't put in that much effort !, 
  it 's not worth it , haha . 
  if he 's deleted his posts , he 's deleted his posts . 
  the oyster card bit does n't make much sense . 
  he said his oyster card did n't scan/register with the gates , yet when the guy scanned his oyster card it had no money on it . 
  sounds like he jumped the gate to me . . plus i 've never seen debit card on the door of night clubs . 
  also there 's no way it was a ` fancy ' nightclub as he claimed with only a # 3.50 door charge . 
  guy sounds like he 's full of shit or has a major chip on his shoulder . 
  i would n't be surprised if he 's a guy from stormfront trying to give romanians a bad name . 
  someone shoop rothermeres face over bushs . 
   move to the us and you will be thought of as an american . 
  you realise it 's really hard to become an american , right ? 
  got any proof of any of this ? 
  i 'm not doubting you as his london story sounds completely made up . 
  no one would be that unlucky and encounter that many cunts in just 3 days . 
  why would you have an oyster card as a tourist ? 
  i 'm dubious of your tales . 
  i 'm copying [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/1v6jou/dude_wheres_my_north_sea_oil_money/cep6w9n ) from user / u/herng on / r/unitedkingdom because i think he makes a good point :  # 13,000 per person . 
  for 40 cumulative years worth of drilling . 
  assuming that the fund would n't be affected by the crash like it was in norway . 
  assuming that figure includes no interest ( it does include interest based ) , that 's an average # 325 per year per person . 
  for perspective , the government spends the equivalent of # 10,000 per person on all public spending . 
   they could 've invested this money etc. 
  but could it really spend 40 years of political pressure to spend the money on an underfunded or struggling service instead of giving people a lump sum decades in the future ? 
  not a chance . 
   the uk is n't norway , north sea oil boosts the economy but it does n't drive it anywhere near to the extent that norway 's oil does . 
  this is a pathetic article . 
  fuck , time to convert !, 
  as long as we hamper their ability to get muslamic ray guns i 'm perfectly fine with this . 
  did n't jesus smash up the floor of a stock exchange or something ? 
  maybe muhammad shat in a branch of santander or something . 
  it 's been a while since i 've done religious education . 
  get peoples money so you can gamble it , but they agree not to take any of the winnings . 
  why ** would n't ** you ? 
  yeah , i was going to say this . 
  a baby can not be a muslim ... 
  it ca n't even speak , let alone conform to arbitrary religious standards . 
  there 's a big difference between the eu , and a federal eu . 
  seriously , even if it seems to be in our best interest there 's no way i 'm ceding power to anyone else . 
  the eu is bearable in its current iteration . 
  i do n't mind it . 
  free movement is the biggest selling point , imo . 
  i 'll be voting us out if federalism ever becomes an actual talking point being seriously considered . 
  step one of being a brit is utter resentment of whichever government is in power regardless of who you voted for . 
  any belgium bros wan na hook me up ? 
  you guys get first pick . 
  i 'll pay a 10 % premium . 
  but if the kids do n't emigrate then the roi is greatly reduced . 
  it 's essentially nothing . 
  i 'd honestly rather they bring their kids over . 
  steal the coke and worry about offloading it later . 
  at the very least you have 10 lifetimes worth of free coke . 
  so you 're working at a supermarket and you discover it ... would you report it ? 
  # 2m just landed in your lap . 
   thinking somebody is even remotely interested where they 're from ? 
  ... have you ever been to a festival ? 
  after the music turns off it 's one big drunken/drug fueled mingle . 
  great fun . 
  i 've only been to uk ones but even there the first thing that 's asked when meeting a stranger is where they 're from . 
  anyone not from belgium who 's gone to tomorrowland ... how can i get tickets ? 
  they sell out in a couple of minutes . 
  man , last years thunderdome was so boring . 
  stupid eu safety regulations . 
   she 's not less sure of her physical capabilities . 
  she should be . 
  if she 's not , she 's stupid . 
  i reckon that the toe of a shoe going that fast is going to wind the crap out of you if you 've not tensed for it . 
  it 's not like he thought it was going to happen . 
  it looks kinda fake though . 
  i know the camera is meant to be a dash cam , but the clicking of an indicator seems a bit convenient . 
  why would the indicators even be ticking ? 
  seems like an editing trick to make you think it 's a dashcam . 
  i agree . 
  i too think this problem is one of those problems which will cost more to fix than to just put up with . 
  same with ` nhs tourism ' . . 
  it 's the government trying to look busy . 
  still , it 's an interesting thought experiment . 
  the people being discussed are tax payers paying the exact same tax as anyone else . . 
  realistically it 's probably not a wide spread problem , but the argument is a fair one . 
  is it worth closing this loophole or whatever you want to call it ? 
  probably not . 
  but it 's at least an interesting thought experiment . 
  exactly . 
  bring your sprogs over if you want . 
  would you support a reduction in benefits to account for the lower cost of living in poland/wherever ? 
  sometimes you ca n't rely on equipment though . 
  back in the 80 's we had an entirely mechanized military already but during the falklands war some of our soldiers had to yomp 56 miles in 3 days carrying 80lb each due to bad terrain and a destroyed ship .
