  merkel, 
  i think both are bad ideas . 
  i think that open carry just paints a target on your forehead and helps no one . 
  i go into a bank to rob it . 
  i look around a bit first and see a few people with open carry guns . . 
  assuming the idea of killing someone does n't put me off robbing the bank , they 'll be the first people i shoot . 
  they would n't have time to draw since i know where they are and they do n't even know a threat exists yet . 
  i ca n't agree with concealed/open carry . 
  it just seems like an easy way to turn a minor confrontation into a deadly one . 
  [ this comes to mind . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s15-b1clwpa ), 
  i really doubt that . 
  there 's a huge amount of americans that are just itching for such a scenario . 
  look at the popularity of / r/bugout and similar subreddits . 
  you make it sound like that was big news . 
  that was not big news to anyone but people who follow scottish independence closely . 
  you can just pull potatoes from the ground . 
   if you 'll kill an attacker for self-defense you 'll get jail term ( 1-5 years ) in ~ 100 % of cases no matter of circumstances . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i thought we had it bad , but it 's nowhere near as clear cut as that . 
  funnily enough , handguns for self defense are legal in northern ireland . 
  i think that 's more to do with having literally no economic or military rivals on the same continent as you . . hell , you do n't have economic or military rivals on the entire earth . 
  i 'd like to say for the record , so everyone knows , i 'm not okay with that . 
  and by ` with you in spirit ' we of course mean ` with putin , carving up your country for peace . . ', 
  i first shot a gun in your country . 
  great fun . 
  it seems to me that guns are just too huge a part of us culture to ever eradicate and therefore it 's absolutely pointless trying . 
  the only thing those kind of laws do * in the usa * is remove guns from the law abiding citizens hands . . too far gone , essentially . 
  i do n't think the us system is desirable at all , but it suits you guys . 
  i 'd never want the same system in the uk . 
  i 'd like a more limited and regulated approach to keep them out of the hands of [ riff raff ] ( http://cornerstonegroup.files.wordpress.com/2007/05/chavs.jpg ) . . 
  what country ? 
  i 'm going to guess uk due to flair and .22 pistol ban . 
  it makes no sense banning pistols but allowing [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g0zua8w.jpg ) which is just a hacksaw away from being a .22 semi auto pistol and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o2ozogz.jpg ) which is much more at home taking out vehicles in warzones than rabbits in the cotswolds !, 
  makes no damn sense . 
  we could restrict hand guns a lot . 
  for example , they could be kept in a 2 key safe at your local range . . one key is given to you and the other to the range operator . 
  you must never let the gun leave the range . 
  that 's just off the top of my head . 
  it 's bullshit that our olympians ca n't train on the mainland . 
  i 'd like .22 pistols ( [ as used in the olympics ] ( http://www.travel-golf.org/images/pistol_target_expensive_walther_gsp.jpg ) ) to be legal here as long as you can prove you take part in the sport regularly . 
  all the other uk laws seem pretty sane to me . 
  no , no . 
  what year is it currently . 
  the point i 'm making is that we used to make radioactive toothpaste . 
  that 's not a reason against nuclear power , just our ignorance back then . 
  what year is it ? 
  i think the point is that at the moment there 's 60 odd million people paying for the subsidies . 
  not 5 million like after the referendum if it 's a yes result . 
  psh , well if you 're going to bring that up . . 
  i liked the concept , but it needed to be in a more friendly form . 
  [ here 's my entry . 
   i do n't think that bringing up all the stuff would make sense , still i think it makes sense not to forget what certain actors have done in the recent past . 
  well they did help beat the nazis , so one point to them for that . 
  meh , this is a minefield of a debate really . 
  i 'm not claiming the ussr was remotely nice , but when you look at the usa and the ussr engagements during the 40 odd years of cold war it 's clear that the usa meddled more and almost certainly directly caused more human casualties than the ussr ever did . 
  it 's impossible to say if it was actually worth it . 
  it 's quite possible that the usa stopped absolute tyranny on a number of occasions . . 
  but then you look at the current state of some of the countries they supposedly helped and have to wonder how much worse it could really be . 
  i 'm sure vietnam would be better off if the usa did n't hold it back with 18 odd years of war . 
  it ended up communist anyway , and then kinda ditched it after it was obvious it was n't going to work out . 
  i was n't going to list them , but here are the foreign interventions where us troops were actually deployed : korea lebanon panama vietnam cambodia maybe laos , although it was really just a shit load of bombing and a single air base . 
  dominican republic grenada that is just a list of ones where the usa actually put boots on the ground . 
  if you include proxy wars then the list grows substantially including bay of pigs , afghanistan , iran , etc. . 
  but then both powers were involved in those wars so it 's neither here nor there , imo . . 
  but it fits the narrative that played out . 
  the soviets barely invaded anywhere during the cold war . . 
  the us invaded a shit ton of countries . 
  ftfa :  schaeuble subscribed to the idea that further eurozone integration ** should not become a disadvantage for the countries outside the euro . 
  ** that 's what cameron has wanted since forever . 
   they merely said that because they were probably too poor to build anything like the nimitz class 1980-1991 maybe . . 
  but there was a lot of cold war that happened before that where they easily could have built huge carriers if they wanted to . 
  and they did n't . 
  is this news ? 
  the two guys that chopped up the soldier in the street had london accents . 
  this is only really news because they 're speaking french * and * france has a boner for hating islam and immigrants . 
  i 've been on the internet too long to be phased by this kind of stuff . 
  how would that ever work in practice ? 
  it sounds like a authoritarians wet dream . 
  ` you do n't conform to our values , citizen . 
  your status has been revoked . 
  as a citizen of no country , you no longer exist . 
  please proceed to the education camps for your brie tasting and french lessons . ', 
  so dave fucking managed it ? 
  fair play to him , really . 
  for all their misgivings , the soviet military really was maintained as a defensive force throughout the entire cold war . 
  you can see it through their choices of weaponry . 
  the only aircraft carriers they had were helicopter carriers and they were tiny . 
  i read they always saw carriers as implements of oppression . . 
  complicated people , communists . 
  it 's because of the fear of a sneak attack . 
  no one on either side was under the illusion that there were any secret icbm sites . . 
  it was assumed spies had found out about them all and each country would therefore be targeting each others silos/sites . 
  so upon a sneak attack from one side , there still needs to be enough silos and missiles left to counter attack . 
  so a sneak attack might destroy 90 % of the silos before they could ready and launch the missiles but the other 10 % would be enough to lay waste to the soviet union . . 
  so the deterrent is still intact . 
  plus there were so many different types of nuclear bombs . 
  icbm 's , artillery ( not joking ) , personal nuke launchers ( again , not joking ) , nuclear mines , plane drop ... 
  soon adds up . 
  historically the russians favour a meat grinder approach to war . 
  18,000 shitty obsolete tanks is still scary because there 's 18,000 of them .
