  charles is doing a few iffy things and has a few ideas but the queen is rock solid . 
  i 'm hoping she outlives him and it goes onto william . 
  he seems like a stronger more neutral person in general . 
  anyway , i 'm rambling . 
  basically , i 'd forgive him for his indulgence and corruption since he 's old as hell , will be dead soon and did spain such a massive favour . 
  most other people probably would n't have given up all that power if it was handed to them on a plate like that . 
  a peaceful and blood free transition from dictatorship to democracy is a beautiful gift , imo . 
  very much a rarity . 
  certainly a gift worthy of a few ferraris and elephant carcasses . 
  but he did trick a horrible dictator into trusting him , then when he died ended the dictatorship and brought democracy to spain . . 
  i dunno , i think he deserves the fun he 's having . 
  he could have been * so * corrupt as a dictator . 
  i 'd let him have this one if it was me . 
  get rid of the monarchy when he dies by all means . 
  that 's one of the coolest bank buildings i 've seen . 
  building wide is much more interesting than building tall . 
  oh god why . 
  that 's quite the jump . 
  making them invisible is making them speak second ? 
  hardly . 
  english is the world language and it 's obnoxious to put it second . 
  which bit are you talking about ? 
  the cuisine or the language ? 
  the french have absolutely no need to fear their cuisine getting forgotten . 
  it 's world renowned . 
  as for language , well you 're right . 
  i do n't know how that feels since everyone here is typing in my native language . 
   i still think it 's completely obnoxious to speak french first when more people watching speak english . 
  [ i hate this couple so much . 
  just check their wiki . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fergus_and_judith_wilson ) complete shitbags and terrible businessmen who lucked out . 
  who the fuck buys 1000 properties in the same area ? 
  they 're one unfavourable council decision away from massive negative equity . 
  i mean this most respectfully , but would wreck/10 . 
  was actually a freak snoo snoo accident . 
  enjoy the mental image . 
  those gits , talking about places outside of their country . 
  who do they think they are ? 
   let 's make the us forget it 's own warcrimes by blaming the european of casual racism , and using the extreme right wing idiots as an example like it was everything !, 
  wat wat in the butt ? 
  but then you have to ask yourself , why is it our responsibility to do all that ? 
  all the people currently in our respective countries are having babies and they 're getting put into our school systems and being brought up with our culture . 
  we 're in no danger of running out of people . 
  why take on the burden ( albeit temporary in theory ) of other countries populations if we 're putting in all the effort ? 
  you can try and force a culture onto a population , or you can wait until they 're ready . 
  one is a lot easier than the other and i 'd be willing to bet that it also gets better results . 
  realistically these african countries that france is so worried about will be much more ready in 3-4 generations time as economic and social progression happens . 
  why fast track it when there 's the possibility of it going wrong and the host country changing forever ? 
  why attempt to force it on them when history has taught us that it will come with time ? 
  that 's completely hilarious . 
  i had no idea . 
  i reckon speaking french first at the olympics is pretty much the most obnoxious form of that cultural protectionism . 
  american chimes in with capital punishment suggestion . 
  duly noted . 
  if it is n't broken , why fix it ? 
  plus i like having someone with no financial need for anything having the override button for if the government gets out of hand . 
  the great thing about royalty , imo , is their ability to not be bought . 
  you need that in a capitalistic society . 
  if it costs us # 50m a year , i call that a bargain . 
  lets get some old skylines up in here !, 
  [ edinburgh skyline ] ( http://www.layoverguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/edinburgh-skyline-in-scotland-with-the-edinburgh-castle-and-scott-monument.jpg ) [ cambridge skyline ] ( http://pass2014.com/_images/cambridgeskyline.jpg ) [ oxford skyline ] ( http://heritagesolution.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/oxford-skyline-280-x-850.jpg ), 
  all immigration is n't the same and all cultures are n't the same . 
  immigration from one country to another absolutely can have a positive influence on the culture of a country and can serve to enhance the culture . 
  look at pakistan/indian immigration here in the uk . 
  our favourite food as a nation is indian cuisine probably closely followed by kebabs . 
  no one gives a fuck because it 's a positive influence and something has been added with nothing getting taken away . 
  the problem is that some people think that just because it does work , it will always work . 
  some cultures are poisonous and will take and take without giving anything back . 
  there might be a time in the future when those countries have adapted their culture to a point where immigration between nations will work and be mutually beneficial but maybe that time is n't now . 
  it 's silly to think that all cultures can live side by side in harmony when there 's cultures that think having sex with 12 year olds is okay , or that gays should be executed , or that homosexuality can be cured with rape . . 
  the fundamentals have to be near enough the same or there 's going to be serious problems . 
  that 's horrific . 
  got ta be the winner . 
  much nicer than glass skyscrapers . 
  i do n't understand how it even happened . 
  they were a great 10,000 years though !, 
  he 'd never have asked ` or ' haha . 
  but no supply line = no blitzkrieg . 
  you do n't need to stop the initial force , you just need to strand them once they 're there . 
  rig the dams , wait for the attack . 
  when it comes blow the dams and strand all the tanks and troops . 
  then pick them off one by one as they run out of supplies . 
  i do n't know anyone who did n't start their relationship by drunkenly fucking each other . 
  keep it in / r/bitcoin please . 
  no one cares about your chosen penny stock . 
  i 've been saying this since it was just about the nsa . 
  if your government is n't spying on the competition , they 're not doing their damn job . 
  those are some perfect tits . 
   you can bet money on when it 's going to happen this seems like an extremely easy way to make some money . . 
  and it 's not as fun if it 's allowed . 
  the ` founding fathers ' would probably be really impressed at what we 've managed . 
  this is pretty much the accepted theory , is it not ? 
   ~ ~ al qaeda ~ ~ batman is a movement , you ca n't eliminate an idea . 
  that 's essentially the idea behind bruce wayne wearing the batman costume . 
  you just need to watch ` blackadder goes forth ' to get the british publics opinion of ww1 . 
  we watched it in history class , even . 
  it was stressed to us that trench warfare was ridiculous and the other tactics used were atrocious . 
  ` lambs to the slaughter ' was very much the overarching theme when discussing the people who lost their life in ww2 . 
   germany recently had claimed the title of europe 's strongest economy from england in no small part by copying products , similar to china today . 
  following from that many germans believed they also should become a major power in the world , thereby causing the second conflict with england . 
  interesting .
