  they were most effective in the first 2 years or so when the tactics had n't been thought up . 
  are we retiring the trafalgar when we have our astutes ? 
  i would really never want to have to go out to sea in that . 
  there will be no military retaliation for this . 
  i reckon hbo takes the drama title , personally . 
  the bbc is in a league of its own when it comes to documentaries though . 
  not sure what they 're going to do when attenborough pops his clogs though : /, 
  yeah , my bad . 
  we 're going to buy nine boeing p9 's instead . 
  the fall is fantastic . 
  not sure how it 's going to progress after last series cliffhanger , though . 
  where do you even go from there ? 
  maybe they 'll bring it back now ? 
  fingers crossed . 
  what was the first question they asked that got the disparity ? 
  because americans are generally gun lovers big on their second amendment rights , and the right to defend themselves . 
  the amount of bbc shows in this thread is why the bbc must be kept . 
  fucking tories gunning for its privatization . . 
   great british bake off did not expect to see this on here , haha . 
  ` the bridge ' is being aired on bbc . 
  third series just started and is on iplayer . 
  so annoyed that hbo dropped the remake of utopia :(, 
  this is such a dick move . 
  the complete opposite of winning hearts and minds . 
  to be fair , he at least tells everyone his name . 
  and pretty much everyone in all the films seems to know he 's a spy . 
  unless the lib dems and new labour party could be convinced to merge . 
  might lighten the impact . 
  i 'm not sure how many will follow corbyn to the british socialist party . 
  i do n't think it would be many . 
  i did n't say labour , i said the left . 
  they 've gradually been getting more and more desperate , until finally they hijacked the labour party and are in the process of running it into the ground . 
   you have reasonable safeguards in place to prevent that exact behavior ... we do . 
  we 're not fucking idiots , and we wo n't elect them into government . 
  i 'm somewhere between a lib dem and a small c conservative , and i 'm not happy that the labour party is fucking themselves over so hard . 
  i can tolerate the tory party , but only when they 're pulled to the centre ground by having plausible opposition . 
  we might see the conservative party going a bit more right again now , because there 's no real political competition . 
  sounds like some harry potter shit . 
  like he looks after snapes finances . 
  welcome to the british left . 
  they 've gone off the absolute fucking deep end since 2010 . 
  i love how he denied it , then the sun found a picture of him from april literally holding up the letter and smiling with it . . fucking labour , man . 
  they 're committing political suicide . 
  lets see what rises from the ashes . 
  doubt a few billion extra in tax revenue would offset the disastrous impact on the economy . 
  the problem is that they * are * as important as we think they are . 
  if saudi arabia was to cut off the worlds oil supply , prices would rocket around the world . 
  they currently supply around 50 % of the worlds oil . 
  while we ( uk ) do n't actually buy from them ( we buy sub 1 % from the middle east , iirc ) , we do still import oil from the likes of norway . 
  if the world price of oil goes up , we will have to pay norway more . 
  it 'll cripple everyone who is n't self energy sufficient . 
  the more it grows , the more impotent and disjointed it becomes . 
  imagine if it was still just belgium , germany , france , italy , luxembourg and the netherlands . . 
  the eu would likely be far more powerful and useful than it is now . 
  it could even be an actual country , or nearing that point . 
  more like an olympic runner , to a special olympic runner . 
  er , the ira were on point . 
  they were an effective and determined force , with a clear and achievable goal . 
  they almost killed our prime minister . . 
  it 's pure luck she survived the bomb . 
  islamic terrorists are n't in their league . 
  [ no one tell kay burley please . . ] ( https://twitter.com/kayburley/status/665807478060392448 ), 
  turnover ? 
  makes it pretty pointless . 
  should be profit instead . 
  churchill was a sledgehammer . 
  i do n't think isis and terrorism requires that kind of leader . 
  it 's been reported that a police dog has been killed . 
  [ no one tell kay burley , please . . ] ( https://twitter.com/kayburley/status/665807478060392448 ), 
   that 's an editorized title . 
  % 20 basically just said `` good riddance '' . 
  same thing . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's likely that some felt the need to lie . 
  and those are just the ones that refuse to lie . . 
  [ fucking hell , look at the size of that arrow !, 
  ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/economic-growth.jpg ), 
  but it 's not like you can just seamlessly straddle the borders like many continental europeans can . 
  it 's # 90 a time when you want to do it . 
  for many europeans it 's a short car ride , and # 5 of fuel . 
  just bring up google maps and look at how many towns/cities are next to each other on borders . 
  there 's a lot . 
  it makes a * lot * more sense on the continent . 
  we 've got a sea between us , so we 're not really free to move anyway . 
  we 're not exactly known for our teenage white spree killings , are we ? 
  our depressed teenager generally just off themselves . 
  mate , until you 've tried a nice bit of jihad on a friday night you do n't know what you 're missing . 
  get some rounds in , and paint the town red . 
  ( it 's a joke , gchq . . ), 
   i do n't envy the position of any parent who has to confront the reality of what their child did . 
  on one hand , yeah . 
  on the other hand , you 've fucking failed as a parent if your kid does something like this . 
  unless you 're a white male american teenager . 
  getting the band back together !, 
  middle eastern tour !, 
  the euro is a shitty idea to join , but it 's an even shittier idea to leave . 
   and now you say it 's a `` social issue , not an intelligence issue '' ??? 
  what ? 
  no i did n't . 
  read the conversation again from start to finish . 
  while crying , and fucking half the terrorists .
