  it 's really just a side dish for fish and chips , to be fair . 
  if i 'm going to cook streaky bacon then yeah , i cook it until it 's crispy . 
  do you live in london ? 
  seems most people i hear complain about the nhs live in london . 
  to be fair , the welsh assembly is somehow even more incompetent than westminster so i doubt you 'd do any better on your own . 
   4th of july celebrations you mean good riddance day ? 
  i had a mcrib the other week for the first time . 
  holy shit it was gross . 
  the simpsons lied to me !, 
   i 'll be brave and say that no * looks at flair *  united states of america you know what subreddit you 're on , right ? 
  pretty convinced he 's our best comedian . 
  the fact he makes right wingers rage so hard is a plus . 
  you can then really get them trothing at the mouth if you then say ` oh , it 's okay . 
  he 's not for everyone . 
  not everyone gets it . ', 
  yeah , even i 'll admit that streaky bacon is the best tasting bacon . 
  i still buy the leaner stuff , though . 
  steak and ale pie is better , because it replaces liver which is gross with ale which is rad . 
  i do n't think people really eat jellied eel much any more . 
  mush peas are delicious when properly made , though . 
  i guess jellied eel probably is too ( i would n't know ) but mushy peas are much less gross seeming haha . 
   palestinian teen merkel made cry hates israel and wants it to disappear god dammit . . 
  lol at my posts that keep getting deleted . . 
  i was clearly being sarcastic . 
  notice the ` okay , m8 ' lol . 
  should have been a dead giveaway that i was n't up for playing your silly games . 
  i said ` pretty much ' just to get a rise out of you , and it looked like it works . 
  you attempted to do some tea leaf crystal ball bullshit , did you expect a more serious response ? 
  you were one step away from bringing up freud lol . 
  yeah , but you 're a product of your environment which is a product of all germans , of which you are one . 
  if it 's against their interest , countries will just kick up a fuss and not authorize their military or the military stationed in their country to act . . 
  it 's the same with everything in the eu and the military wo n't be different . 
   increased efficiency what does it matter if it 's neutered by being a bureaucratic mess ? 
  it 'd be like having a ferrari on bricks . 
  sure , it 'd look nice . 
  but i 'd rather have the fiat 500 i can actually drive . 
  where were all these nationalist haters during the scottish referendum , i wonder . 
  but you just dissed somalia as being a shithole , or somewhere you 'd rather not live . 
  clearly some countries are better than others , and as such something to be proud of . 
  if you live in a country , you 're contributing one way or another to it . 
  i quite like what bill bryson said about the uk in ` notes from a small island '  `` suddenly , in the space of a moment , i realized what it was that i loved about britain - which is to say , all of it . 
  every last bit of it , good and bad - marmite , village fetes , country lanes , people saying ` must n't grumble ' and ` i 'm terribly sorry but ' , people apologizing to me when i conk them with a nameless elbow , milk in bottles , beans on toast , haymaking in june , stinging nettles , seaside piers , ordnance survey maps , crumpets , hot-water bottles as a necessity , drizzly sundays - every bit of it . 
   what a wondrous place this was - crazy as fuck , of course , but adorable to the tiniest degree . 
  what other country , after all , could possibly have come up with place names like tooting bec and farleigh wallop , or a game like cricket that goes on for three days and never seems to start ? 
  who else would think it not the least odd to make their judges wear little mops on their heads , compel the speaker of the house of commons to sit on something called the woolsack , or take pride in a military hero whose dying wish was to be kissed by a fellow named hardy ? 
  ( ` please hardy , full on the lips , with just a bit of tongue . ' ), 
  what other nation in the world could possibly have given us william shakespeare , pork pies , christopher wren , windsor great park , the open university , gardners ' question time and the chocolate digestive biscuit ? 
  none , of course . 
   how easily we lose sight of all this . 
  what an enigma britain will seem to historians when they look back on the second half of the twentieth century . 
  here is a country that fought and won a noble war , dismantled a mighty empire in a generally benign and enlightened way , created a far-seeing welfare state - in short , did nearly everything right - and then spent the rest of the century looking on itself as a chronic failure . 
  the fact is that this is still the best place in the world for most things - to post a letter , go for a walk , watch television , buy a book , venture out for a drink , go to a museum , use the bank , get lost , seek help , or stand on a hillside and take in a view . 
   all of this came to me in the space of a lingering moment . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . 
  i like it here . 
  i like it more than i can tell you . '', 
  glad you 're not a fucking mod then . 
  greece was a problem with an end in sight . 
  that 's why it 's different to this . 
  and who is it controlled by ? 
  i 'd bet money that it 'd be easier to get support from the us than it 'd be to convince 28 countries that it 's time to go to war . . 
  no true guardian reader . 
  foreign aid is n't given in cash to citizens of a country ... 
  it 's given to the government . 
  they raise the money by working like anyone does . 
  on mobile so ca n't find link but i saw an interview with a guy hoping to make the trip . 
  he 'd saved up for a year or two iirc . 
  they 're smartish cowboy boots by the looks of it . 
  he 's a proper texan . 
  did they dethrone jay-z and beyonce then ? 
   implying hitler is austrian you 've already lost most americans . 
  hue hue hue . 
  here 's some guardian article where the guardian ( who are currently pushing this ` dehumanizing ' critique of david cameron the hardest ) use the word ` swarm ' to describe human beings : http://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2015/may/08/counter-terror-raid-under-way-in-melbourne http://www.theguardian.com/sport/video/2014/oct/06/nrl-grand-final-rabbitohs-redfern-oval-fans-video http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/dec/24/police-bosham-village-murder-valerie-graves http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/may/22/ukcrime.london http://www.theguardian.com/media/2008/may/19/pressandpublishing.joseffritzl http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/30/foreign-jihadist-iraq-syria-unprecedented-un-isis etc. 
  that 's just a 60 second google search , lol . 
  it 's clear this is completely bollocks feigned outrage . 
  it 's just a descriptor . 
  it has no hidden meaning . 
  there 's no situation where we 'll annex part of libya . 
  that would paint a target on our backs for every west hating person in the middle east , and instantly turn that place into a death trap . 
  soon enough the echr would rule it was illegal , and we 'd be paying through the nose in fines and on top of that we 'd be causing the death of the migrants . 
  all around , a terrible result . 
  better idea would be to use our # 12bn foreign aid money to essentially bribe an african government to set up the camp on their land . 
  the italians would likely do this is they had the support of other countries in the eu . 
  as it stands , it 's likely everyone would condemn them for doing it and possible the echr would get involved and start fining them . 
   they 're not gon na let the fact that they were put back on square one stop them from trying to go somewhere again . 
  i disagree . 
  i think it would be completely demoralizing for them . 
  they might try again , and they 'd get sent back to africa again . 
  how many times are they going to spend # 3000 or whatever on smugglers ? 
  at a point it 's better to just spend that # 3000 on making your life better in africa . 
  they 're not pro the euro , though . 
  not at all . 
  that became clear during the referendum where no one in the snp could admit that they might have to use the euro , so they made up the idea that scotland would get a currency union with the uk . 
  then when westminster said ` lolno ' they said they 'd use the pound without a currency union . 
  at no point did they dare say they 'd adopt the euro , knowing it 'd lose them the referendum . 
  infowars and the mirror . 
  the mighty bastions of journalistic integrity . 
  * the point is n't to keep them there , it 's to process them there until they can either be granted asylum or sent back to their home country . 
  * * as soon as the immigrants realise that making a perilous journey across an ocean to get to europe only results in a 1 way ticket to mali for processing and sending back to their countries then they 'll stop . 
  it 's the exact same system australia used , and they 've pretty much completely got rid of their immigration problem .
