  realistically how hard would it have been to mothball them properly ? 
  seems like such a waste . 
  i was watching ` fog of war ' again last night ( a must watch for pretty much everyone . . ) and robert mcnamara said that when he met castro many many years after the cuban missile crisis he asked castro if he 'd have recommended the use of nuclear weapons if a conventional attack on cuba took place . 
  castro said he would n't ` have ' recommended a nuclear strike on the usa . . 
  he * did * recommend a nuclear strike on the usa . 
  mcnamara was shocked by this and asked if he did it knowing it would result in mutual destruction . 
  castro said yes , and claimed the usa would be no different . 
  mcnamara disagreed , or rather hoped he 'd have disagreed at the time of the decision being made if it needed to be made . 
  anyway , i 'll leave the man himself to tell you why it 's not safe to rely on rationality :  i want to say , and this is very important : at the end we lucked out . 
  it was luck that prevented nuclear war . 
  we came that close to nuclear war at the end . 
  rational individuals : kennedy was rational ; khrushchev was rational ; castro was rational . 
  rational individuals came that close to total destruction of their societies . 
  and that danger exists today . 
  the only legal system that recognises scotland , england , wales and ni is the uk legal system ... 
  right ? 
  under international law , scotland is n't a country . 
  is it ? 
  we 've been getting so much shit here on / r/europe for doing the same things . . 
  i guess we can expect a similar backlash against germany ? 
  calls for germany to leave the eu , and such ? 
  heh , yeah right . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  language is a huge cultural barrier , and the less of those we have the better . 
  the languages can be documented and kept alive that way . 
  we should really talk about all countries ( including our own ) in third person . 
  generally i follow that rule when talking about events that happened before the date i was born . 
  maybe it should really be before the date of the first election i was able to vote in . 
  for example : the british landed on the beaches of normandy . 
  we invaded iraq . 
  you ca n't just isolate things on a per incident basis . 
  context is important . 
  well a lot of the serbs in this thread are claiming milosevic was unoustable and he probably would have been had nato airstrikes not championed the people into action . 
  a better example would be the germans welcoming british bombers . 
  and no , they did n't . 
  but that does n't mean we were n't right to drop the bombs . 
  i am laughing so hard right now . 
  til serbians are fucking dicks , even/especially on reddit . 
   yeah , but you do n't see germans posting images of dresden you picked a pretty controversial example to use , actually . 
  a lot of people question the need for that bombing . 
  not just germans . 
  even churchill distanced himself from it after the war . . 
   so they should be grateful that the righteous bombs of the freedom loving people have shown them the right way ? 
  literally yes . 
  why would you even need slots ? 
  just dig a hole and put them in . 
  nice soundbite , but we all know that 's not true . 
  after all , war generally gets fought in the civilians name . . 
  there was literally nothing going on . 
  serbs were just minding their own business and then bam , nato action . 
  pretty sure that 's how it went down . 
   gypsy king haha , for real ? 
  i had no idea . 
  i 'm imagining him sitting on a throne made of stolen church roof lead with a sceptre fashioned from copper pipe that was nicked from a building site . 
  so it 's not $ 400 worth really because there 's not a big enough market for it to be worth that much . 
  if all 350,000 odd people dumped their coins onto the exchanges they 'd be near worthless . 
  who invested $ 132,000,000 in this ? 
  says it was thrown into a crowd and was still 20 meters away from bush . 
  even if it went off bush would have survived . 
  the crowd would have absorbed most of it . 
  a grenade is expected , i mean who throws a shoe ? 
  honestly . 
  general craig charles . 
  drones are the future . 
  risking lives to take lives is so 20th century . 
   yes , i also wonder why should we trust the french to take care of their plants instead of building very safe ones in germany and potentially limit the usage of the ones in france . 
  is n't nuclear power frances ` thing ' ? 
  they 're pretty damn good at it from what i can tell . 
   what all the nuclear fanboys in this thread forget is the inherent waste problem and cost of nuclear energy they tend to overlook . 
  go to somewhere above sea level with no fault lines anywhere near it . 
  dig a fuck off massive hole . 
  line it with reinforced concrete a few meters thick . 
  dump waste in it . 
  seal it . 
  rinse repeat . 
  it 's really not that big a deal . 
  you lose about 50 acres of land around the hole . 
  plenty more where that came from . 
  how did this happen ? 
  i swear we were under their thumb a while ago . 
  / r/worldnews ? 
  it 's just stormfront by another name . 
  i do n't know where to find that information . 
  my car is a 10 year old diesel and puts out 115g of co2 per kilometer . 
  prius of the same year put out just 11g less per kilometer . 
  a ford f-150 ( best selling us car still ? ), 
  puts out 340g/km, 
  i do n't understand . 
  my diesel car only puts out about 115g of co2 per km and it 's 10 years old . . 
  i do n't think diesel is to blame . 
  i think paris counts , though . 
  exactly.hitler did n't dare use chemical weapons , even when it was clear he was going to lose . 
  he did n't even use them against russia . 
  nukes are way worse than chemical weapons and you 'd have to be a bigger nutter than hitler to actually use them !, 
   if the war breaks out they will act late imo . 
  no they wo n't . 
  it 'll be instant action . 
  ukraine is n't a member of nato . 
  there was no obligation there . . 
  still only a ~ $ 11bn military budget between them . . : / poland is the majority of that .
