  any discussion would undermine their right to self determination . 
  i do n't understand how corbyn can claim to be left when he 's so clearly undermining one of the simplest human rights in existence . 
  no nukes would make such a pact pretty useless . 
  do n't worry , baltic bros. . corbyn becoming labour leader will mean a tory government in 2020 guaranteed . 
  and the tories foreign policy is vastly less retarded and much more supportive of you guys . 
  do you honestly expect france of the usa to actually have our backs if shit 's going down ? 
  like fuck are they going to commit suicide in our defense . 
   are our problems simply a nuisance to you ? 
   just because the scottish people do n't wish to put their tax money towards a super-expensive weapon of mass-destruction that we neither need nor want to use you look down on us for that ? 
  yes . 
  * downkendall 'd you only upcorbyn !, 
  gosh !, 
  nuclear weapons are n't meant to be used . 
  their usefulness comes from the threat of being used , not the act of actually launching them . 
  if we were to be attacked , we probably still would n't use them . 
  one of the options in ` the letter of last resort ' that is given to the submarine commanders to open if there 's a nuclear attack is ` do nothing ' and it 's most likely the option the pm picks every time . 
  in fact , there 's 4 options the pm is given to write in the letter and only one of them involves the launching of nuclear weapons . . because if you 've been launched on , they 've failed at doing their job and all using them will do is bring more death an misery . 
  better to be on the right side of history and not fire . 
  can i borrow your crystal ball ? 
  i need some lottery numbers . 
  threats can pop out of nowhere . 
  before crimea happened , who would have bet on it happening ? 
  no one . 
  things can go from cold to hot fast . 
  having nuclear weapons remains the most sure fire way to not have war declared on you . 
  it 's no coincidence that only 2 nuclear armed countries have ever been to war , and when they did the entire world told them to knock it off . . and they did . 
  likely saving a lot of lives as it 'd have turned into a full blown conventional war had they not been nuclear armed . 
  70 years . 
  1 minor war . 
  more of a skirmish . 
  they 're incredibly effective at doing their job . 
  probably because ` we ca n't let them drown ' has nothing to do with ` we should turn the boats back ' . . ` we should stop immigrants coming through the tunnel . ', 
  ` we ca n't shoot them ! ', 
  er , okay . 
  it 's not worthy of deletion just because you find it an unpleasant idea . 
  i find your posts unpleasant , but i do n't think they should be deleted . 
  i 'd rather just use my words to make you look a fool . 
  still waiting , btw . 
  i mean , it 's rife according to you . 
  you 'd think you 'd have found some by now . 
  yet here i am , evidenceless . 
   `` we should stop accepting refugees '' see , the fact you added that to your list of heinous opinions shows that you 're the sensitive flower i claimed you are . 
  that 's not a particularly awful opinion . 
  certainly not an opinion worth deleting . 
  still waiting on proof of highly upvoted racism . 
  i even gave you a search that 'll help you . 
  third party could be your alt . 
  it 's not , but it could be . 
  it 's stupid to call that evidence . 
  besides , the ` everyone is racist here ' bullshit is a / r/europe meme . 
  i 've never seen proper evidence for it . 
  now and again there 'll be some racist bullshit comment , and it 'll sink straight to the bottom of the thread and be heavily downvoted . 
  this subreddit is way too sensitive to opinions that do n't fit their preconceived notion of how the world should work and how everyone should think . 
  you question the usefulness of essentially operating an open borders immigration policy , and suddenly you 're a horrific racist because some oversensitive flower like yourself has had their feelings hurt by a dissenting opinion . 
  eventually this leads to ` everyone is racist ' and stupid impotent megathread measures to try and silence such opinions . 
  guess what , some people do n't hold the same views as you . 
  get over yourself . 
  [ find me the racism . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=calais&amp;sort=comments&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all ), 
  just because some other jebend holds the same opinion as you does n't mean it 's correct . 
  if it was as simple as that then i 'd believe in jesus and mohammed . 
  find actual evidence for your claims ( a past thread on immigration , with a highly upvoted offensive comment ) , or do n't bother replying . 
  if they 're deleted , then what the fuck are you complaining about ? 
  you 've produced zero evidence for your claim . 
  i 'm right to have a go . 
  yeah , well a guy i met in the pub last night said that there 's literally never been a case of someone saying that they should let the immigrants drown on / r/europe . 
  checkmate . 
  you ca n't possibly top that cast iron evidence i just presented . 
   going into the comment section , you 'll see a ton of `` why do n't they just let them drown '' find me one . 
  ** one ** example of a thread here on / r/europe that had a highly upvoted comment calling to let them drown . 
  i am . 
  the megathread should n't be advertised . 
  it 's a shitshow of a ` solution ' . 
  i just do n't like militaries being used against civilians . 
  dover police i imagine . 
  they could commute via the eurotunnel easily enough . 
  because it 's clearly a civilian matter , and i think the french public would n't particularly like the idea of the british army being deployed on their own soil possibly even being used against their own citizens if someone fucks up . 
  i noticed and did a stealth edit , but looks like you got there first haha . 
  i 'm going to block ` corbyn ' in res now . 
  yeah , it 's going to be pretty unbearable if corbyn wins . 
  the tears in 2020 when he gets annihilated will more than make up for it , though . 
  shhh , do n't say immigrant or the submission will go to the big megathread in the sky . 
  this piece is n't even about immigration . 
  yeah , none of that was even approaching a counter argument . 
  we 'd be better off sending some of our police . 
   labour making jeremy corbyn the leader after a terrible general election would be the equivalent of shooting yourself in the foot then shooting yourself in the head . 
  chuckling so hard at this . 
  so true . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the snp vote was n't a vote for independence . 
  if the snp had said in their election manifesto that they 'd go for another referendum they 'd likely have not got anywhere near the 50 + seats they got . 
  they won because labour showed themselves to be useless . 
  they want a party that is working for their best interests in westminster and the snp seemed like the only option for that . 
  labour could easily take back scotland . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  labour will get dicked harder than they did in may with corbyn at the helm . 
  they 'll gain a few crazy green voters and lose all their moderates . 
  i guess during this consideration he needs to consider if he wants to actually win an election or not . 
  see : trident, 
  got a bit of a bee in your bonnet about / r/unitedkingdom , i see . .
