  that 's not one of them . 
  eh , most are pretty reasonable . 
  only a few went off the deep end . 
  this place is clearly pretty anti-america though . 
   most of the comments in this thread are / r/shiteuropeanssay [ 1 ] material . 
  / r/shitamericanssay is a way funnier subreddit . 
  if we 're just going on what it looks like then we should just call it bread !, 
  same . 
  mostly because healthcare , snow and a little more sane about their gun ownership . 
  still do n't get how you can make that complaint of european countries and then claim the us is somehow better in that respect . 
  they 're the home of the neocons . 
   that article is about how americans do n't use the vacation they get , not that they do n't get vacation . 
  but that does n't compute for me . 
  you have 20 days off , but you only take 16 . . for example . 
  why would you only take 16 if you have 20 ? 
  either you 're being overworked , or it 's frowned upon to take all your leave and you 'll be thought less of for not taking it . 
  by comparison i 'd never dream of not taking all my holiday here in the uk . 
  it 's an absolute no brainer for everyone . 
  no one bats an eyelid . 
  where i work , if you did n't take your full entitlement off you would n't be seen as a good worker , you 'd be seen as a dumbass . 
  why * would n't * you take your time off ? 
  there 's other perks . 
  maternity leave , paid sick days , etc. 
  lots of countries do n't think that . 
  not mine . 
  but lots of countries do n't . 
   only get worse based on ? 
   in the us you can at least be part of an evolving world , not a dying one . 
  think you need to go to china/india/brazil / various african countries if that 's what you 're interested in . 
  the us is very likely at the peak of its relevance . 
  if we 're fading , you can sure as hell bet the usa will be following us soon enough . 
   too many cultures congested into a small area , each thinking it 's vastly superior to the other one . 
  so the answer is to move to a country where the government and the majority of the people think their country is automatically the fucking tits and can do no wrong . . 
  ah yes , the europe government . . that famous thing that exists . 
   and i really like the lifestyle here . 
  i just ca n't trust anything that wakes up twice a day . 
  cats , the spanish , etc. 
   oh , and i get over 6 weeks of vacation , and generally have since i started working . 
  [ that 's nice * for you * ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/tanyamohn/2014/10/22/americas-disappearing-vacation-days/ ) . . 
  i see the ` got mine ' attitude has rubbed off on you , at least . 
  that 's what i fear would happen to me . 
  [ cheese in bags . 
  ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-xipndtt88ee/uuzjhwsnw0i/aaaaaaaaaum/q1moaxw34y0/w800-h800/cheese%2bselection%2bat%2bwalmart.jpg ), 
  it 's tiger bread !, 
  how big can you make a monolithic dome ? 
  because those have alleged life spans in the thousands of years . . 
  get outa here ukraine , this has nothing to do with you !, 
  yeah , but our number on the list is bigger . 
  get on our level , france . 
  your post just gave me an idea for a film where the aliens invade everywhere but the usa . 
  the film revolves around the initial relief that aliens did n't invade the us , and then the gradual turn to being confused and disappointed that the aliens did n't want to invade the usa . 
  probably not . 
  i 'm more interested in canada . 
  i do n't think i 'd get on politically in the usa , and the lack of free healthcare seems like a shitty deal . 
  also , the * basic * food seems really shitty from all expats i 've talked to . 
  sure , there 's good foods in restaurants and such ( that 's the same the world over ) , but supermarket produce ( beef excluded ) is terrible . 
  and that 's 95 % of what i eat . 
  apparently even finding a decent loaf of sliced bread is a chore . 
  also , i quite like my 6 weeks of holiday time i get and from what i can tell that 's basically unheard of in the usa . 
   uk 53.1  france 52.5 i love how we pretty much always * just about * beat france in graphs/tables/whatever . 
  it 's always by almost nothing . 
  it 's like our only stipulation is that we need to beat france . 
  by how much does n't matter . 
  ' i bet they 're thanking me for my service in their language . . ', 
  does he know burning a flag is n't illegal ? 
  it does n't matter if we see his face . . 
  anything north of the m25 is north to me . 
  would n't you rather move to ireland ? 
  i mean , you 're used to living among the irish . 
   unless ukip gets elected . 
  how do you think france came to be uninhabitable in the first place ? 
  fire le missiles . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and assume he 's from the north of england . 
  france because i know it 'll annoy them . 
  i imagine there 'll be a policy change now where cabin crew have to replace a pilot in the cockpit if one of the pilot leaves . 
  i think he 's talking about this . 
   they will actively begin to impose import taxes and trade barriers , ruining the already weak british manufacturing and agricultural sector . 
  sounds like an abusive relationship to me . 
  if the sentiment really is ` stay or else ' then you can all go do one . 
  luckily i think your politicians are n't as silly as you . 
  which is the worse case scenario . 
  the very worst case scenario is that we lose # 55bn of our # 1,800 bn gdp ... that 's not a particularly bad scenario . 
  i mean , it 's not a great scenario , but it 's a minor hiccup in the grand scheme of things . 
   loosing the competition by paying import tolls when exporting into the eu could transform the uk into a 2nd world country . 
  this is ridiculous scaremongering if i 've ever heard it . 
  obvs / r/europe gets an absolute boner over the idea , but it 's just not realistic . 
  plenty of countries prosper outside of the eu . 
  no reason to think that we ca n't either . 
  i 'm all for saying in the eu ( assuming no federal eu ever ) , but these arguments are desperate as shit . 
   ( the success of the city is largely dependent on access to european markets ) no . 
  # 55bn is absolutely nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  a little over 2 % . . we grew out gdp that amount in 18 months . . 
  this is not damning . 
  not even a little . 
  i 'm of the opinion that i want to stay , as long as federalism is well and truly off the cards for at least my lifetime . . 
  if it 's the inevitable conclusions of the eu then it 's best we just get out now and be done with it . 
  we 'll just leave eventually anyway . 
  get it over and done with . 
  haha , that was my reaction too . 
  i 'll never convince you that i do n't give a shit about skin colour , so just tag me as whatever and jog on .
