  living 5 to a 3 bedroom house might be a step up for them , but for the average brit it 's a huge step down . . 
  but then it becomes the new low standard because there 's people willing to do it . 
  i understand that , i 'm just saying that 's not much of a use case for us . 
  also , assuming you just did 144bn divided by tax payers in eu that 's a flawed equation . 
  a lot of countries are net takers , so for every 89 cents they put in , they get more back . 
  so it 's not really spending 89 cents is it . . 
   that 's 89cents a day per taxpayer on average . 
  you 're really not helping now . 
   i feel like just the ability to not need your passport to go in holiday is enough added value for that amount . 
  we do n't even have that luxury . 
   the eu budget is about 144bn i never realised it was so high . 
  i really do n't feel like there 's 144bn euros of value being added . 
  i was honestly expecting it 'd be half of that . 
   while the 28 mss represents over $ 6,400 bn . 
  well yeah . . 
  they 're actually doing the grunt work . 
  i feel like west africans dying of ebola en mass deserve the money more than the germans and the slightly tightening their belt french . 
  i 'm sure having to get the standard 3 series rather than the m3 , or having to have one less baguette with dinner and the second best wine is pretty tough going . 
  but i reckon bleeding from your eyes and anus until you die is a little worse . 
  who would ever give up such a rousing national anthem ? 
  it shits manliness . 
  makes me want to go and ineffectively farm some communal land or some shit . 
  just pointing out how completely full of shit barroso is . 
   granted , he 's got even bigger problems in that regard w ukip but ... ukip resonates most strongly with the poorer working class than it does the middle class . 
  and the poorer working class are n't generally a demographic the tories worry about getting votes from . 
  ukip is going to decimate labours seats , i reckon . 
  because we 're a democracy . 
  does this subreddit know absolutely fuck all about our politics ? 
   `` david cameron wrote to all of us about ebola ... what would be the influence of a prime minister of britain if it was not part of the european union ? 
  his influence would be zero . '', 
  * jose manuel barroso *, 
  well it generally starts with a woman crying , and then 9 months later a baby is born . 
  well you could always make a self post asking how strong donkeys are like in other european countries . 
  in situations like this , would n't it be better to form two states and create a federation ? 
  nah , it 's more fun being inside the eu shit stirring than outside . . 
  we do n't owe shit . 
  we are a net contributor and the eu is one big fucking charity case for the most part . . we more than give our fair share . 
  this guy might be the biggest dickhead on / r/europe . 
  he 's obsessed with us . 
  us pipeline to europe ? 
  how exactly would that work ? 
  because she 's fat lol . 
  aint no one want to see that . 
  looks like he tries to punch the wall as well . 
  because we ca n't have a referendum to reform the eu because it 's not up to us . 
  staying in the eu however is up to us . 
  ideally the way this whole thing would play out is we 'd get a reformed eu and then we 'd vote to stay . 
  the vote should happen regardless , imo . 
  the man 's a twit . 
  if boris genuinely becomes the leader of the tories i 'll eat my hat . 
  i just do n't see it happening . 
  psh , when we die we just go to heaven . 
  so by eating all this food and dying early i 'll just get to heaven quicker . 
  ^ ^ no ^ ^ one ^ ^ mention ^ ^ gluttony . . 
  this is the personification of the phrase ` awww , diddums ' ... 
  why is everyone on here so against democracy ? 
  i do n't want to leave the eu ( mostly because i do n't like rocking the boat needlessly ) but i do n't care if there 's a referendum . 
  it 's asking the people what they want . 
  it 's the purest form of democracy there is . . 
   so by that logic : please only visit us when your gdp per capita is equal to ours . 
  apart from that was n't the logic i used . 
  i said within 25 % . 
   quote from member of the team : `` i 'm very surprised you need something like this at all now . 
  mankind sends a probe into space to catch a comet and land on it , and we need great director , film and actors to convince people this is interesting '' . 
  eh , that 's a pessimistic way to look at it imo . . 
  it 's got ta be cheddar . 
  it 's versatile as hell too . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfzpzpksx3s noooooopeeeeee . 
  nope nope nope . 
  no true scotsman would join isis . 
  i 've just thought ... germans must find all the ` hitler reacts to x ' videos really unfunny . 
  first guy is a dickhead . 
  who on earth does n't just laugh something like that off . . 
  the thick of it is probably the best comedy we 've had in years . 
  and for people reading this comment who 've not seen it , watch the film ` in the loop ' to get a taster as it 's the same concept and cast , then watch the series if you enjoyed it . 
  that musical nun . 
  oh my god that noise when he 's about to crash ahahahah . . and he was so close to that car !, 
  possession is nine tenths of the law . 
  i bet they looked cool doing it , though . 
  ( lol ), 
  this will never happen . 
  gets brought up every year at around this time . . 
  it 's news filler . 
  yep , that 's very unlikely . 
  to be fair , if we 're taking lessons on irrelevance then it 'd be a good idea to listen to the very experienced romanians such as yourself . 
   everyone is welcome , and everyone is accepted . 
  what ? 
  are we talking about the same usa ? 
  we 're on our holidays , init . 
  rules do n't apply !, 
  no one here would have a problem with the eu if it was just countries with per capita gdp 's within 25 % of ours . 
   in my opinion water , energy , healthcare , infrastructure should be in the hand of the state . 
  i 'm completely with you on that . 
  and yeah , it 's windy . 
  and sometimes there 's barely any wind at all . 
  it ca n't be relied on at all . . you can do a clever balancing act by buying energy in from france , yadda yadda but that 's not really energy independence . 
  energy has to be reliable . 
  that 's why tide , hydro , nuclear and maybe solar are my preferred sources . 
  you 're right . 
  no idea where i got the # 3bn number from in my head .
