  it could work out great , but it 's a risk . 
  might have been safer to just take out some loans and get building . 
  probably should n't have gone full retard and shut down all their nuclear reactors because a butterfly flapped its wings in japan ... 
   i do think those who do n't bother to vote due to it not mattering are among the least informed though . 
  we 're exactly the people you * do n't * want voting , though . . 
  it 's a good thing . 
  different attitudes . 
  ` it has so little effect on our lives , we might as well keep it . . ' ` it has so little effect on our lives , why bother keeping it . . ' it 's likely that the people who are vocal against it are the ones voting . . 
  especially given that ukip has mep 's . . 
  so , you 're saying there 's a chance ? 
   this year , this is the first election where most party groups are putting forward candidates for the president of the european commission , who will try to win support via a coalition similar to a prime minister . 
  the commission president is the person who selects and leads the european commission for parliament 's approval , the body that proposes legislation . 
  is it at all possible to make the president nigel farange just for a laugh ? 
  for example , if every single person in the uk voted for him . . would that be enough ? 
  are there countries where people give a fuck about european elections ? 
  i could probably ask 20 random people in the street if they knew what party they were going to vote for in the european elections and get a ` what 's that ? ', 
  answer every time . . 
  because # 161m is n't enough ? 
  haha . 
  invest it into buy to let in the uk , reinvest profits into purchasing more houses , you 'll be a paper billionaire in about 20 years time . 
  well ww2 is easily the most interesting time in history for me , so i guess i 'd go back to 1930 and live the build up as well as ( some , most likely . . ) of the war . 
  i 'd attempt to get a [ decent wikipedia page like this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jack_churchill ) , but i 'd probably end up being more like the german soldier he shot with his longbow . . then again , i 'd have tons of information about what the germans would do so i 'd probably be very useful and not sent to fight on the front lines . 
  it was just a will correction after my mum died . 
  lets say my gran had # 100k and 4 kids . 
  each of my grans kids would get # 20k and then the grandchildren would get # 20k between them . 
  my sister thinks we should have got the # 20k that was our mums share . . for some reason . 
  instead it just got added to the grand kid pile . 
  the problem is that it 's essentially saying ' i should have been born into more than this . . ' a fair assessment , but birth right it a load of bullshit anyway . 
  she re wrote her will excluding my mum . 
   they have very strong feelings on the subject i was about to flippantly ask how many are even still alive . 
  apparently more than 120,000 in the us alone . 
  that 's surprising . 
  ` my gran went through hell so i should get $ 100k . . ' i hate this . 
  i had to deal with the exact same bullshit entitlement from my sister when we did n't get a larger share of my grans estate when she died . 
  instead of getting my mums share ( she 's dead too ) we got a grand kid share instead . 
  my sister said we deserved our mums share . 
  we 'd literally not spoken to her in years . 
  we 're lucky to get anything !, 
  so yeah , i fucking hate this entitlement attitude that you 're owed money for just being vaguely related to something . 
  they should just start another child company and win the contract using that one . . 
  i think it 's a bit ridiculous to hold such a grudge for this long . . 
  no it does n't ? 
  so you need to maintain the coal plants , and maintain the wind turbines too . . plus coal plants take a while to fire up so you 'd need to know ahead of time when there 'll be a still day . . redundancy . 
  the fact of the matter is that you can have extremely still days . . 
  even with diversification of sites this can still be the case if we have an extremely good summer ( which happens occasionally ) . . for those days , you still need all the capacity covered with coal/gas/whatever . 
  introduces redundancy . 
   um , i think you deleted your previous identical comment and posted this ... 
  i did . 
  i was going to add more , but decided against . 
   the us did n't firebomb se asia to save lives ( how can someone in their right mind believe that ? ), 
  but to stop the spread of communism they are not mutually exclusive objectives . 
   it would have been an entirely different timeline and discussing what-ifs if america did n't commit such barbarism has few points . 
  do you mean it 's not worth taking what could have happened if communism had gained more ground ? 
  i think it 's worth considering such implications when you 're discussing action that kissinger took . . how much more of asia would have fallen under the iron curtain of communism had it not been nipped in the butt in vietnam ? 
  how would nuclear arms have proliferated ? 
  when you 're dealing with such complex issues , it 's not black and white . 
  good vs evil . 
  just tons of grey . . kissinger might have suggest policies that ended up killing hundreds of thousands ( abstractly , millions ) of people but there was huge tension with the soviet union in the mid 60 's to early 70 's and any way you look at it he * did * ease those tensions . . 
  even if it was all eventually undone by reagan a few years later . 
  the nearest we 've been to complete nuclear inhalation was during the kennedy years and during the reagan years . 
  the kissinger/nixon years had the least amount of tension ( aka likelihood of complete death to mankind ) since before 1991 and after ww2 . . whatever he was doing , in the grand scheme of things it was the right thing . 
  the one that was on the brink of happening from ~ 1950-1991 ? 
  when the bigger picture is nuclear winter and hundreds of millions dead , what 's a few hundred thousand people ? 
   it 's not . 
  not according to ukrainian law what does ukranian law matter ? 
  the truth is , it does n't . 
  the population of crimea has every right to self determination under un law , and that 's all that matters . . 
  if laws of the country mattered then self determination would be next to impossible . 
  well yes , that 's what the first documentary portrays . 
  the second i listed is worth a watch though . 
  he goes into detail on why he did those things and explains the bigger picture , which is totally left out of hitchens work . 
  i watched a documentary on him where he spoke in an extremely candid manner about his work and what he 'd done . 
  he came off so well . . 
  i think a lot of his decisions and advice he gave to presidents of the us makes sense in the wider context of the day . 
  they might not all stand the test of time , but enough do . 
  i watched these two documentaries , in order : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0326306/ http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1950222/ and in the end , i came out respecting kissinger rather than hating him . 
  i do n't think he 's evil by any stretch of the imagination . 
  i was so sure he was dead . 
  he heard clapping and had to join in . 
  i 'm making up examples . 
   should americans be able to prevent other countries from making bbq sauces ? 
  sure if it 's called ` texas bbq ' or whatever . 
   stability in northern mali france got our back on that one . 
   that 's what we 're starting to do in the mojave . 
  what even converting water to hydrogen ? 
  i am of genius . 
   we 're using up 50 % more than is produced annually . 
  so there 's a stockpile already ? 
  otherwise that 'd be impossible , no ? 
  and who is ` we ' in that context ? 
  and is that worldwide production or local production ? 
  i 've always thought that a good renewable source would be [ huge thermal solar plants ] ( http://papundits.files.wordpress.com/2009/07/vista_aerea.jpg ) in the driest parts of africa . 
  pump sea water in , pump hydrogen out to the rest of europe for use in gas central heating and cooking . 
  we already have years of experience with gas pipelines , although hydrogens small mass would make it a pain . 
  depending on what the loss is , we might just be able to let the loss happen . 
  we can always use excess energy ( at night , generally ) to power stuff that requires a lot of energy . 
  for example , we could turn sea water into hydrogen at night . 
  that 's a kind of storage . 
  maybe we could even heat our homes with the hydrogen . 
  i remember calculating once that the uk would need 50 nuclear power plants the size of the new one that 's being built to become energy dependent .
