  any political maneuvering on the world stage will be via economics , not armies . 
  we 're going to be up against china , brazil , india . . we need the economic might that comes from the eu but all the federal goal bullshit is completely pointless in the grand scheme of things . 
  we 're too different and there 's too much history between us all . 
  we do n't need a single armed forces , a single government , yadda yadda . 
  a few of us have nukes , and that 's enough of a stick to stop anyone realistically attacking us for whatever might come up in the future . 
  so yeah , can we just have the economic bit without all the turd attached ? 
  if the only options are both or none then i 'll vote both , but i wo n't be happy about it . 
  every nation is attempting it , we 're just the most competent . 
  we 'd have got away with it too if the americans did n't have a spy agency as leaky as a sieve . 
   its so strange that whenever a picture of a euromaidan protestor with even a slingshot people on here would be yelling about how it was an armed revolution and it was perfectly justified to gun them all down . 
  the fuck ? 
  i only heard the exact opposite . 
  which is weird , because according to everyone on / r/europe everyone in ukraine wanted to be in the eu and it was just the nasty government oppressing their people . 
  i knew exactly what the last picture was going to be by about 3 pictures in . 
  they did the exact same shit in the summer olympics . 
   or , if the primary use is personal ? 
  that makes the most sense . 
  if i was in the position to buy up a load of london housing i would n't think twice at becoming a resident for a bit to do it . 
  yeah and it never will be with that attitude !, 
  you either invade the old fashioned way , or not at all . 
  my phone gets turned onto plane mode when i board the plane in london and then does n't gets turned off until i get off the plane in london . 
  i completely agree with this . 
  the land of a country should only be allowed to belong to citizens of that country . 
  just look at london for an example of a city where foreign investors have started speculating . 
  [ # 1.6 m one bed flat , 663 square feet . . ] ( http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/property-41697271.html ), 
  i still do n't care . 
   so , it saddens me to see people like you who are super-confident in some magical universe in which the eu is somehow holding back britain from its potential for true greatness , hindered only by 30 million romanians who have come to steal your benefits and bang your women . 
  has anyone seen my straw man ? 
  i 've lost my straw ma - oh nevermind . 
  there it is . 
  everything before that was interesting and enlightening . 
  you did n't need to be an asshole about it . 
  anyway , what about the potential political fall out of an uk exit ? 
  there 's be almost 4bn euros a year missing from the eu budget that would need to be made up from the 27 remaining states , only 10 of which are net givers . 
  so an extra 400bn euros each onto their eu contributions ? 
  or more likely , the remaining big three would take the hit . 
  it 's a bit hard to say how long the eu would actually stay around after a uk exit . 
  i know we 'd all like to think it would stay around forever , but the immigration argument and budget creep might eventually force out a few of the bigger members at which point it 's just a bunch of takers with no money to take . 
  the swiss surely have other friends near by who would veto for them . . ? 
   the eu now has to send a strong message to other countries thinking of doing the same ( read : britain ) , in order to preserve the integrity of the union . 
  sounds a lot like bullying to me . 
  plus this sends absolutely no message to us , really . 
  we buy more from the eu than they buy from us . 
  if they put hefty export/import fees between our countries they 'll be hurting the union more than they 'll be hurting the uk . 
  bullying a $ 600bn gdp country is within the ability of the eu . 
  bullying a $ 2.5 tn gdp country is much much harder . 
  just in case someone wants to claim i 'm a ukip shill or some shit . 
  i like free movement in eu countries . 
  but harm none the less . 
  why even bother , if not just to be vindictive ? 
  but could n't the country leaving then just impose heft import fees and equally sting the eu . 
  no one benefits as far as i can tell . 
  if there 's on thing communism accomplished , it 's size . 
  they were the king of building big shit . 
  it 'd be weird if unanimity is n't needed . 
  if stephen hawking can do it , a blind person can do it . 
  well , he was actually pretty able bodied when he was at uni but the point remains . 
  it 's not like he stopped studying physics after uni . . 
  he 's still studying it now !, 
   britain products will have to be more expensive due to the taxes from border cross why would there need to be taxes ? 
  there 's not taxes currently while we 're in the eu . 
  there 's just an overarching opinion on here that if you leave the eu you 'll instantly get vindictive duties imposed on you . 
  it feels like a threat of kinds . 
  stay with us or we 'll fuck your economy . 
  why do people think that not being part of the eu = no more trading . 
  i do n't understand the logic . 
  it 's significant because everyone knows pensioners fuck off to spain . 
  if they had n't put that , most would believe that the number was almost entirely pensioners . 
  i know i would have . 
  the four year war ? 
   who knows where he ended up if it 's anything like my experience with parisians he ended up on the wrong train going the wrong way . 
  an australian living in paris for 10 years and not learning french ? 
  i ca n't even imagine how hard parisians made it for him !, 
   but i know that if i stayed more than a month and did n't try to learn the language i would feel like i 'm missing something , while the idea of living in a country where you do n't speak the language seems to be much less of a problem for native speakers of english . 
  i do n't think this is much of an actual problem outside of pensioners . 
  if people decide to move to germany , it 's pretty damn likely they 'll learn german . 
  i know a few people who moved countries and learned the language . . you pretty much have to if you want to live somewhere for an extended period of time . 
  the point i was making was more towards the recreational language learning that we do badly on and get a bad rep for . 
  walked into a cafe in budapest without saying a word . 
  ` hello , how can i help you ? ', 
  ` is it that obvious ? ', 
  i swear i was wearing about the same clothes as everyone else was . 
  the worst thing about the hundred year war was the missing zero . 
  it 's more the * level * of reward which is different . 
  if you 're european it almost certainly makes most sense to learn english first since there will always be quite a few english speakers in most european countries . 
  it 's the continents lingua franca . 
  so you learn english and you 'll most likely to be able to function relatively well in all the major european cities . 
  so you learn english and get access to decent communication in maybe 27 capital cities ( assuming the capitals of each country are the most multicultural ) . . you put in the time , and get that reward . 
  we put in the time to learn french and we get access to france , a few african countries that many wo n't want to visit anyway and a small portion of canada ( who all reluctantly speak english anyway ) . 
  we put in the time to learn german and we get access to , well , germany . 
  the reward to effort for learning a foreign language is low for us . 
  wherever we go , everyone seemingly speaks our native language as a second language . 
  you can hardly blame us for not putting in the effort when the reward is n't there . 
  sorry , spain . 
  would explain israels . 
  netherlands are probably just keeping up with the jones . 
  reisepass still sounds so evil , haha . 
  how is welsh even a language ? 
  it 's insane to look at . 
   housing situation , impossible to get an apartment in stockholm without having to buy an apartment for $ 100k .
