  if you countries constitution says ` let anyone in willy nilly ' then it 's a dumb constitution . 
  i mean , he gets some mega reddit points for somehow shoehorning misogyny into a thread about a brexit . 
  you think all this eu referendum shit is because we care what other people think ? 
  lol . 
  the british plug in its current form actually dates back to a government committee set up in 1936 , headed by none other than winston churchill . 
  many in government felt war with germany was an inevitability by then , so to make people desensitized to the horror of war they built the british 3 pin plug to stand pointing up when left on the ground . 
  they figured that once you 've stepped on one of those , stepping on a land mine , being shredded by machine gun fire or being burned to death by a flame thrower would n't seem so bad . 
  it fools literally no one , which was the point he 's making . 
  i just watched it . 
  it was n't even that bad , and brought up some decent points . 
  completely ignored possible social issues , though . 
  just did the economic and moral arguments . 
  that 's actually surprising . 
  we have a moat , so ultimately it does n't really impact us too much . 
  germany wo n't use their armed forces for intervention ever , so whatever their opinion it does n't really matter . 
  france is the one that both feels the effect of the refugees and also has an army and is willing to use it . 
  they should be in the talks , imo . 
  russias doing our job for us , the bastards !, 
  i 'm completely okay with letting russia have a go at clearing up isis . 
  best case scenario ? 
  the manage it . 
  worst case scenario ? 
  they do n't , and they become the target of isis rather than us . 
  well , i guess technically a worst case scenario would be a repeat of russia-afghanistan where russia just started laying waste to anything that moved . . yeah , i 'm not so sure any more . 
  wait , why is john oliver disliked now ? 
  what did i miss ? 
  i 'm shit at languages beyond belief , so i very rarely make fun of anyone giving it a go . . 
  but holy shit , haha . 
  just do n't bother trying if you 're that bad at it . 
  completely pointless . 
  that 's pretty impressive , actually . 
  foreign minister should really speak english , though . 
  merkel ? 
  this is such a no shit statement , given that the minimum wage is set to rise from # 6.50 to # 9 by 2020 . 
  what a clickbait title . 
  shit , he 's onto us !, 
  was in the ira and fled to america after he killed some real important british guy . 
  think it was the king . 
  100 % not just some pauper looking for a better life . 
   300 like , 190 . 
  it 's common knowledge , but [ here 's a bbc article from 2008 discussing londons long history of knife crime . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/7502180.stm ) also [ this is the first year in 4 years that knife crime went up , not down . . ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jul/16/knife-in-england-and-wales-up-for-first-time-in-four-years ) stop being sensationalist and trying to shoehorn your agenda into every issue facing the uk . 
  that 's just london . 
  londons had a knife crime problem for as long as its existed . 
  good lord , how do you survive ? 
  sorry , when you said :  this sort of thing has been going on in the uk for a long time . 
  i expected maybe 200 strong fights in the streets with police not being able to handle them , or maybe stretching it a bit 100 strong fights that the police could n't handle . 
  tit for tat gangland murders are not comparable to mass fighting on the streets . . use your words more carefully . 
   we have seen this erupt before resulting in deaths and shootouts on the street . 
  should be easy enough for your to back up your claims , then . 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  no it has n't . 
  yeah , this documentary has really got me scared of this hitler guy . 
  i hope he does n't become a problem . 
  i swear i get into this argument on almost a monthly basis . 
  would we have a local income tax and a federal income tax ? 
  saw the danish letter and remembered this . 
  always though it was funny , and [ here 's the source ] ( http://www.arcre.com/archive/mi9/mi9apxb ) . .  ** ss report on questions of internal security ( 12 august , 1943 ) **  this report concerns british prisoners in the reich and the impression they make on the german people . 
  according to numerous reports from various parts of the reich , the presence in agriculture and industry of british prisoners raises a series of problems , which may become serious if they are neglected . 
  we learn from many sources that the outward bearing of the british is not failing to make an impression on the local population . 
  a report from central germany , for instance , states : -  `` although a large proportion of british prisoners in germany come from ordinary working classes , a large number of them speak impeccable and fluent german . 
  their attitude is self-possessed and , indeed , often borders on arrogance . 
  their bearing and their whole behaviours are doubtless intended as effective propaganda . '', 
   from klagenfurt , too , we hear : `` of all the prisoners of war in this district , the british are the most respected and discussed by the local population . 
  the reason for this lies in the smart appearance of individuals , as well as the smartness of organised units of british prisoners . 
  the british are always decently dressed , their uniforms are always in faultless condition , they are shaved , clean and well fed . 
  their attitude is extraordinarily self-possessed , one could almost say arrogant and overbearing . 
  this , combined with the good impression they give of their nation , influences the german people in a way that should not be under-estimated ... 
  when they march in formation , they frequently look better than our own german replacement units . 
  you can see that the uniform they wear is of much better material than the german uniform . '', 
   the general attitude of british prisoners to the reich is absolutely hostile . 
  they make fun of germany , german institutions and leaders on all possible occasions . 
  in bayreuth , for instance , two british prisoners called themselves `` churchill '' and `` roosevelt '' . 
  as a foil they picked on a german worker who stuttered and called him `` hitler '' as a joke . 
  some other british prisoners were singing a rude song to the tune of `` deutschland uber alles '' as they passed two high german officials in uniform . 
  when one of these officials said `` that 's going a little too far , my friends '' , one of the prisoners who understood german called back `` we 're not your friends , we 're british . '', 
   the challenging and aggressive attitude of the british prisoners towards the german population is often manifested . 
  a short time ago some forty british prisoners were sent to an industrial town to be split up among six different factories . 
  they arrived at the station with masses of heavy luggage , and ostentatiously carrying large packets of food , corned beef and other things which were very short in germany at that time . 
  they immediately requisitioned two hand carts , loaded on their luggage , and gave two schoolboys some chocolate to push the carts . 
  the german sentry took no action whatever . 
  on arrival at their camp , they again hailed some german boys , who carried their luggage into the camp for them . 
   in the factory , the german foreman energetically opposed the efforts of the british spokesman to dictate certain terms about working hours and conditions . 
  the german made it clear that he had had years experience in running french and polish prisoner of war camps . 
  to this the englishman replied , `` well , let me tell you that we 're british - not french , polish or even russian . '', 
   `` and we 're germans , not indians , negroes or any other sort of colonials , '' retorted the foreman , `` and we give the orders here . '', 
   two other small incidents show the arrogance of the british prisoner . 
  in a factory kitchen , where meals were cooked for the prisoners , an englishman `` demanded '' that the f\u00fchrer 's portrait be removed . 
   in villach , a german worker took away a copy of the `` v\u00f6lkischer beobachter '' from an englishman , who said `` i do n't keep it for reading , as it 's nothing but a tissue of lies - i need it for something altogether different . '', 
  the crowning insult was the disfigurement of a portrait of the f\u00fchrer in a station waiting room by a british prisoner who drew rude pictures over it . 
   the manner in which the british behave to the population leaves no doubt of their confidence in victory . 
  they take every opportunity to show that germany will lose the war , and that they will soon be masters in germany . 
  this assurance of victory and self possession does not fail to impress the people , who think they see in the these qualities the symbol of british strength . 
   the british usually take very little notice of the germans and look straight through them . 
  many germans have remarked that their own women , and in particular some of their allies could profit by studying the attitude adopted by the british towards their enemies . 
  sexual relations , for instance , between british prisoners and german women are very rare . 
  this is probably due to the fact that the british have a strongly developed sense of national pride , which prevents them from consorting with women of an enemy nation . 
  a striking example of british national pride and attitude towards the axis was seen the other day . 
  some italian soldiers on a passing convoy threw some cigarettes to some british prisoners , who turned their backs on the italians and left the cigarettes lying on the ground .
