  sorry , what i meant to say is that it 's a fucking dumb idea . 
  how is that fair ? 
   why did the previous owner not keep the house and set an acceptable rent so he woul have good longterm income ? 
  he had been for the previous 6 years . 
  i think he was sick of dealing with tenants . 
  he bought it in 2007/2008 and refurbished it . 
  i have a feeling he just intended to flip it but the economic shitstorm put him into negative equity until recently so he decided to rent it out until the house was worth more again . 
   so people feel the need to get on the property ladder . 
  basically , yeah . 
  also , my total contempt for landlords . . 
  i ca n't stand giving them so much of my pay each month . 
  i 'd literally rather give it to the banks , haha . 
  because the mortgage is # 380 and # 100 of that per week goes into paying off the loan . 
  so essentially it 's # 280 rent since i 'll get back that # 100 eventually if house prices at least stay the same . 
  rent would be # 450-500 and that 's money i 'll never see again . 
  25 years old . 
  currently buying a poxy 34m2 1 bed flat for # 90k which is the cheapest 1 bed in about 10 miles from work . . want to live in it for at least 2 years . 
  please do n't crash , housing market !, 
  mirin usa 's 94 . . 
  operation savages-into-meat-grinder . 
  i like your style , you 're hired . 
   i am fairly certain the uk benefits much more . 
  the uk gets younger and harder workers . 
  bulgaria gets mostly retirees . 
  retirees are cash cows . 
  you want to capitalize , build a golf course !, 
  they 're not a burden in any way . . 
  they 're waiting to die and have tons of money to spend before it happens . 
  bigger problem is almost certainly the brain drain . 
  i think some people feel that there 's more opportunity in poorer countries . 
  more room to grow . 
  that 's how i feel . 
  there 's a well established ruling elite in the uk , and to be fair there 's probably something similar in bulgaria too . . 
  but the barrier to entry to become that elite is almost certainly much much lower . 
  sell a 4 bed semi in surrey and you 'll probably have enough capital to start up a large company in bulgaria , for example . 
  here in the uk , not so much . . you 'd still need loans and investors . 
  then you have to pay your staff 5-6 times more . 
  winter war with russia . . we can do this . 
  i 'm sure of it . 
  you do n't happen to be from belfast , do you ? 
  that piece was complete trash . 
  pretty much like everything vice does , tbh . 
  i have n't watched this yet , and it might be one of the few exceptions to the rule . . 
  but the large majority of vice ` documentaries ' can be summed up as ` white hipster in situation he knows nothing about being amazing and scared by everything and everyone ' . . 
  it 's complete junk journalism . 
  they routinely take the things they hear from random people as absolute fact with no research done afterwards to attempt to verify . 
  it 's like going into a pub , asking a 60 + year old regular about the effects of immigration and then reporting that as fact . 
  it 's sensationalist tripe , essentially . 
  which is a shame , because they generally cover situations and stories which no one else is . 
  then they fuck it all up by doing it all vice-y . 
  sometimes a competent journalist/filmmaker sells something to vice , though . 
  and they 're generally good quality . 
  he actually handed him a card that said ` your mum is a right gay ' on it . 
  is there a site that lists the crap and the good laws ? 
  there should be if there is n't . 
  come on france , lets give it another go . 
  the usa and nato ca n't afford to build a missile defense system that could actually guarentee safety from icbm 's . 
  any system will be vulnerable to a mass launch and mirv . . russia also has submarine icbm capability , so it could just park its submarines off the coast of the us and launch from there . 
  this was all figured out decades ago when the us agreed with the ussr to stop making a missile defence capability because it would just be costly for everyone involved . 
  for the us to build , and for the ussr to counter . 
  no one wins , the end game is the same . 
  haha , that 's a good one . 
   the russians think that we 'd never actually launch a nuclear first strike no one will . 
  the russians have just figured it out first . 
  also i 'm not saying only germany should take that role , just that they 're well positioned geographically and have more than enough money to . 
  the uk is pretty far away from most of europe . 
   a british surveillance drone that 's from the article . 
  surely that 's not a drone . . 
  wonder if the us will ever leave nato . 
   especially germany . 
  unfortunately , people here are often of the opinion that not having weapons and just never get involved , then nobody will ever attack you . 
  which is ridiculous , considering . . 
  that 's surely the end goal of the eu , to an extent . 
   and a missile defence system . 
  pointless . 
  mad does a good enough job at keeping icbm 's at bay . 
   a strong airforce i agree . 
  germany should get on that . 
  the problem is , none of us are insane enough to meet conventional weapons with nuclear weapons . 
  for example , if russia rolled its tanks into latvia we 'd be insane to threaten nuclear action . 
  we could deploy conventional forces and attempt to fight them back though . 
  if the nuclear deterrent did n't work , there 's no point using it . 
  at that point it 's just vengeance and will put you on the wrong side of history along with the aggressor . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  increase their budgets ? 
  i agree , however it 's worth noting that there 's a bunch of other countries that should be increasing theirs before we increase ours . 
  i 'd like to see ours at 3 % with germany somewhere similar . 
  still , there 's only 6 nations in the eu who meet the nato guideline of 2 % and the uk is one of them ( 2.5 % ) . . 
  if you want to join nato , you should be required to make a commitment of at least 2 % of gdp to go towards military spending for at least the next 10 years . 
  ... i 've seen worse . 
   a nuclear-armed country with government so weak that a bunch of molotov throwing protesters can take power by force he still has a point there , though . 
   maybe europe needs to be more like france if the eu is ever going to be a superpower . 
  we 're going full retard here in the uk . 
  nuclear power plants are a great candidate for a nationalized industry . 
  they 're a hideously expensive but completely necessary thing . . that 's what the government are generally good at . 
  instead we agreed a strike price of # 92.50 per mwh which is over twice the current market rate . 
  will the government make up the difference if the market rate is lower than that when they go into operation ? 
  we 'll just spend more on electricity . 
  so the current gamble the government have played is that electricity prices will more than double in 10 years . 
  inflation alone should take the cost of electricity up to # 60 from # 45 . .
