  just because we now have all this nice equipment does n't mean you should have less able soldiers . 
  things break , supply lines run dry and situations change . 
  when that happens , you do n't want weak links . 
  everyone is a ` he ' to me on the internet unless they specify otherwise . 
  it 's like how our species is referred to as ` man ' . . 
  i also do n't look at usernames , so there 's that . 
  the difference is that if the kid is in the uk they will get uk schooling and hopefully one day contribute to the uk in the form of becoming a tax paying adult . 
  paying for kids is n't a selfless act , it 's an investment in the future of the country . 
  if the kids are n't in the country it 's a poor investment . 
  the argument is that there 's no point paying for someone elses children if they 're not even in the country . 
  regardless , what do you think of his argument ? 
  honestly , if you like the people and you like the place then fuck what the government has to say . 
  plus if you were naturalized then none of this applies anyway . 
   we need open borders , not just in the uk , but all over the world . 
  let them in i say , the more the merrier . 
  as long as gdp per capita is within + / - 20 % , i agree . 
  [ i think that 's the highest any single persons upvoted me . 
  or at least the highest anyone 's admitted to upvoting me . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzbmqmyydbk ), 
   i know a woman who 's in the army and personally saw her beating the crap out of a six foot-something guy who had an axe . 
  what was the scenario where she encountered that ? 
  one of her teammates was trying to chop her up ? 
  so you 're saying i 'll be a 4/10 in russia . 
  brb !, 
  re read what i typed . 
  we 're no longer discussing that argument . 
  bobzer changed the subject . 
  not gunna lie , this thread is where i get my news . 
  always annoys me when someone has n't done the uk news but has done scotland news . 
  [ alternatively . . ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=0d3242b977 ) does n't really prove much at all . 
  you want examples of physical dominance of men over women ? 
  i do n't know if you 're serious but i 'll offer some up anyway . 
  [ how to ... beat both williams sisters in one afternoon ] ( http://observer.theguardian.com/osm/story/0,,543962,00.html ) [ the fact that the entry requirements are different on the mod 's website ] ( http://www.army.mod.uk/join/20153.aspx ) it 's not sexist to state the fact that women are n't as physically capable as men . 
  the opinion that is actually being argued here is whether or not we should have weaker people in roles where strength matters . 
  would you recommend that [ this person ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ulhcjpezxbs/t0eh78i6u-i/aaaaaaaaado/iqhibxijsuy/s1600/weak+man.jpg ) be in the military or police force when they have to go up against much bigger and stronger people ? 
  also , he ca n't ever get much bigger or stronger than that due to a genetic condition he has . 
  those are some very good points . 
  i guess they probably make some sense in the police force , but those arguments do n't work when it comes to the military . 
  you also have to weigh up if the safety of the group of officers is increased by having a female officer who might be able to diffuse situations , or decreased by having a less physically capable link in the chain . 
  i think the physiological differences are too large in most cases . 
  i think an untrained man of average build would have no problem at all dealing with a woman trained in some kind of fighting discipline . 
  it 's why you do n't see womens football teams up against mens football teams . 
  it 's why women do n't box against men . 
  yet when it comes to the police and army we somehow have laxer restrictions than we do for our games . 
  it just seems completely illogical . 
  it 's even worse when it come to the military because the women do n't even have to pass the same physical test that the men do . 
  they have an easier one . 
  surely everyone should be kept to the same standard , or one of the standards should be raised/lowered . 
  i find that extremely unlikely . 
  even with her equipment most men are going to have 20-30lb on her and a good few inches too . 
  she has weapons which might help but not as much as you 'd think . 
  pepper spray would be her best bet but then i could see her still having trouble subduing a man in a rage . 
  then there 's the fact that someone who is less sure of their physical capabilities at subduing someone will naturally be more likely to use more dangerous methods be it a gun or a baton where a man would n't need to . 
   i do n't think rape is as common as the rumors claim it 's probably not hard to just find a guy who wants to fuck . 
  rape is probably unnecessary more than anything . 
  / r/europe, 
  you guys sound like you need a thatcher . 
  we have a lightly used one just laying about . 
  will give you good price . 
  france/10 . 
  weapon is n't live though , is it ? 
  i can accept everything but the shoes . . 
  they 're just too ridiculous . 
  they get away with much much worse . 
  he did n't have to talk about getting raped though , did he ? 
  [ on second thought , lets not go to sweden . 
  it 's a silly place . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1npo0cmp-vy ), 
  what the hell ? 
  did ... did he kinda just threaten to either rape him or have him raped ? 
  i do n't agree with women having roles where they might have to fight a man . 
  it does n't make sense to me . 
  they 're evenly matched with another woman , but completely outmatched by almost any man . 
  a man on the other hand can deal with both men and women . 
  edit : at least argue your case . . downvotes are lazy and i 'd be interested to hear counter arguments . 
  looks like a tv show , is n't a tv show . 
  i need to go to russia . 
  but is n't the point of secularism that the state does n't get involved ? 
  it 's because wherever we go everyone wants to speak english at us to test their skills . 
  honestly , why do we need to bother for the most part when everyone is seemingly so keen to learn our language . 
  also , as i said i 'm completely useless at other languages . 
  i remember trying my absolute hardest at school for a french test . 
  studied for hours ( i did n't do that for anything ) and i got a u. . . 
  languages are n't something i 'm capable of . 
   speak to almost anyone from an estate in the west yorkshire or lancashire that does n't sound like fun . 
  goodbye gastro pubs . 
  no wait , good riddance . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  i 'm not mocking people for knowing french . . 
  i 'm useless at other languages and i 'm impressed by anyone that is bilingual . 
  hell , i struggle with english and it 's my native language !, 
  i 'm mocking them for thinking it 's more important and deserves a place in front of the chosen world language . 
  i do n't think this is as controversial a view as people here are making out . 
  i 'm not saying french should n't be spoken or anything like that , it just makes more sense to put the language more people speak first . 
  english is understood by approximately 1.8 bn people . 
  more than any other language . 
  french is under 1/6th of that and lets face it , it 's not going to be growing any time soon . 
  possibly . 
  i mean , originally i was replying to someone who was condemning all monarchies in europe so i replied with my own in mind . 
  it does work like that over here for the most part .
