  besides , [ you 're full of shit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/masquerade_ball#history ) . . 
  you ca n't argue that !, 
  it was n't the balaclavas that annoyed people . 
  it was the setting off bombs while wearing them . 
  i want a handgun . 
  but i do n't want a handgun as much as i want everyone else * not * to have a handgun . 
  it 's too late for the us . 
  guns are too ingrained in their legal system and culture to remove . 
  what they currently have is realistically the best they can expect . 
  trying to take their guns away would result in a lot of dead atf agents . 
  however it is one of the shittiest systems on earth in regards to firearms . 
  i would never want it exported to any other country on earth . 
  it 's that shite . 
  good news , everyone !, 
   i 'd love to see burkas banned without it applying to other face coverings though . 
  that 's even worse . 
  all , or nothing . 
  i 'd laugh if they ` banned the veil ' and it accidentally ruined a bunch of womens dream weddings . 
   i could easily make the claim its for religious reasons aswell . 
  you really could n't . 
  besides , banks are private institutions . 
  they can do whatever they like . 
  i was being tongue in cheek . 
  but i do think that claiming that an uncovered face is a core european cultural value is completely ridiculous . 
   what about people who are forced to wear what they are told by their family or partners ? 
  there are already laws in place for dealing with domestic abuse , and there 's a pretty strong charitable presence to help anyone wishing to escape domestic abuse . 
  to be fair , there 's plenty of things i deem unimportant that are extremely important to others . 
  it 's especially true when it comes to minority demographics . . 
  tyranny of the masses is one of the problems with democracy . 
   ensuring your face is uncovered in public , is a core european cultural value . 
  [ u wot m8 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/34/italian_-_sallet_-_walters_51580.jpg ), 
  i honestly ca n't decide how i feel about this . 
  on one hand , people should , within reason , be able to do whatever the fuck they like . 
  this includes wearing whatever clothes they like . 
  on the other hand , i understand that some women are forced either culturally or literally forced ( eg , husbands ) to wear it against their will and this law gives them an ` out ' . 
  but to help those women , you 're also taking away the right of the women who genuinely choose to wear it to freely express themselves . 
  how embarrassing . 
   most of you gits pls go . 
  i do n't know why you have such a bee in your bonnet about us , but it 's tiresome . 
  especially given that you 're clearly debating from a position of ignorance . 
  having a veto means you can veto a vote to take your veto away . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_movements_of_canada#modern_annexationist_groups 0.11 % of the vote . . 
  but we could always join up at a later date . 
  who would n't accept the only other nuclear power in europe into their military and political union ? 
  not sure why we have to be part of the grand experiment when we can watch from the sidelines and then join in if it goes well . 
  that 's the opinion of a forum poster . 
  he did n't provide a source for those percentages . 
  come on , man . 
  that is a very strange site . 
  anyway , that thread only has on person claiming to be from quebec . 
  everyone else is claiming to come from various us states , which actually makes the entire topic of the site pretty sinister . 
  from what i can tell it 's a bunch of americans who want to annex canada . 
  there 's only 1000 odd members . 
  basically , i do n't count that as a source to your claims that ` support for merger with the usa is actually highest in quebec . ', 
  but wo n't somebody think of the politics !, 
  i 'm not trying to claim it * is * the european language , i 'm just saying that it is the nearest thing we have . 
  it 'd make very little sense attempting to steer the direction europe is going somewhere else when so far english is the leader and by a huge margin . 
  source ? 
  where 's the logic in that ? 
  that was a casual ` fucking ' , not a stressed ` fucking ' . 
  english is spoken by 51 % of people in europe . 
  unless you can find me stats which show some other language is spoken by more than 51 % of europeans you do n't have a leg to stand on . 
  why would n't you make the single most spoken language in europe the european language ? 
  it 's just common fucking sense . 
  i too would be interested in hearing about this . 
  i bet quebec would have shit the bed if that were actually true . 
   since you 're a brit and probably like farage oh just fuck off you complete dickhead . 
  exactly . 
  give me the option of having a say what happens in my city or having a say what happens half way around the world and it 's really no competition . 
  why do i give a fuck what 's happening thousands of a miles away ? 
  to be fair , if needs be we could easily build our own icbm 's . 
  we did n't because of cost , not because of lack of know how . 
  we have one of the biggest military industries in the world . 
  and that 's fine . 
  we probably should n't be number 7 anyway . 
  there 's nothing wrong with fading into the background a bit . 
  we have a small population . 
  we 've punched above our weight for hundreds of years and maintained our autonomy . 
  i 'm not interested in handing over our hard fought for independence just so we can have a slightly bigger dick to waggle about . 
  what 's wrong with a small island of ~ 60m people stepping back from the limelight to let the new emerging economies have their time ? 
  it 's not like populations , wealth and power are static entities . 
  we may have our time again in the future . 
  who knows . 
  either way , i do n't want to be handing over the running of our country to the entire of europe just for some short term gains . 
  we 're an adaptive lot . 
  i think we could adapt to being outside the eu just fine . 
  i 'd rather we stayed , but not if federalization is the end goal . 
  if it is , then maybe we should just leave now and save everyone a lot of hassle . 
   they do n't do most of their trade with the eu . 
  you 're moving the goal posts . 
  you were talking about financial services a second ago . 
   the uk would be hugely impoverished by any trade disruption by the eu . 
  it sure would , but likewise we operate a trade deficit with the biggest members of the eu . 
  we import from the eu a hell of a lot more than we export to the eu . 
  we are , essentially , a cash cow for the eu . 
  any sanctions the eu puts on our exports , we could equally put on their imports . 
  there 's no winners in penalizing us in the petty manner you seem to think they 'll act in . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/8041916/english-becomes-europes-second-language.html 4 years old now , but doubt that french has had much of a resurgence . 
  i could find survey after survey proving that english is the most learned second language in the eu . 
  oh , and this wiki is sourced reasonably well .
