  [ this image is quite iconic in a creepy way . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e4faobh.jpg ) myra hindley for those that do n't know . 
  she was a serial killer . 
  her and her husband killed 5 people . 
  oddly , i 'm pretty sure i learned about her at school . 
  bit of a weird thing to be taught . 
  quite nice of you to not just destroy the statue of victoria , to be fair . 
  that 's no a usual fate for a statue of an oppressor . 
  sweden maybe !, 
  i think this kind of stuff happens in most rich countries . 
  for us , public sector it is something we just ca n't manage to do . 
  seems to always go 300-400 % over budget . 
  just buy 800 # 10 fire alarms , then employ people to listen for them . 
  you could probably reduce the people needed by 2/3rds . 
  fucking retarded regardless , but it 's at least marginally less retarded . 
  that 's what your girlfriend said when she met me . 
  i thought ours were bad a pointless . 
  this is another level . 
  learned it on this subreddit , haha . 
  i 'm currently eyeing up a cheese box subscription . 
  losing weight at the moment . 
  maybe it 's something i 'll do in the winter . 
  it still means something in this country , dammit !, 
  dude , cheddar ... you ca n't make a list of best english cheeses without cheddar . 
  this should instantly disqualify you from being granted asylum . 
  shrunk -8.3 % ? 
  so it grew 8.3 % ? 
  we 've been talking about introducing wolves to scotland , but now i 'm wondering if we should be looking to introduce sharks , crocodiles and lions in wet suits into the channel . 
  arson attacks , you say ? 
  merkel , it was communists . 
  you know it 's true . 
  there 's only one course of action . 
  can someone explain this to me ? 
  i keep seeing it . 
  i call it omnimulticulturalism . 
  i give it one month until that 's used on someone because they told an off colour joke on twitter . 
   freedom of speech . 
  freedom of worship . 
  democracy . 
  the rule of law . 
  equal rights regardless of race , gender or sexuality . 
  ugh , absolutely haram . 
  he 's right . 
  strategic use of flags . 
   everything else is just sugar-coating the issue . 
  you mean hfcs-coating the issue . 
  i 'm confused . 
  we 're at war with cyprus ? 
  danes : 2,210,579 km ^ 2 uk : 1,971,180 km ^ 2 this is bullshit . 
  i think we 're reigning empire champions in europe almost entirely thanks to our antarctic territory . 
  desolate wasteland of zero economic or practical use ? 
  still counts . 
  suck it , europe !, 
  even the netherlands has more empire than us now . . 
  what shitcunts . 
  the only people that should be surprised by this are the terminally naive . 
  yeah . 
  this prank had the subtlety of an elephant doing ballet . 
  this is properly fucking hilarious . 
  well we were just ranked first in the world when it came to ` soft power ' , whatever that means . 
  you 're not getting your damn marbles back . 
  stop asking !, 
  but seriously , what gives ? 
  edit : oh yeah , easyjet + greek islands . 
  oddly , we 're not included in that . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that it 's evened out the demographics a bit . 
  this sub used to be dominated by us . 
   with the british type socket the spring loaded plastic thing that blocks the bottom 2 pins fails after repeated use and the socket no longer holds plug securely . 
  never experienced this ever . 
   also when the cord gets pulled outward it pulls the 2 bottom pins slightly outward rather than completly unplugging the device - making nasty sparking noises and lightening which i assume ca n't be good never experienced this either . 
  if you pull the cord , fuck all happens because of the mechanics of the plug . 
  it tries to pivot on the earth pin , but obviously that 's impossible . 
  category 1 and category 2 appliances . 
  i forget which one is which , but the general rule is if there 's exposed metal then it needs an earth . 
  my man !, 
  uk = ` to live ' ireland = ` funeral ' ( aka , to die ) cracks me up every time . 
  i like how a lot of alaskans are presumably coming up with inventions to make living in alaska less shitty . 
  i realised quite quickly that i was just ticking countries i knew nothing about . 
  surely this is a police matter . 
  my biggest problem with the eu is that i do n't really know how it works , what it does , or why it does it . 
  neither do most of the people in the uk . 
  a staggering amount of people here in the uk do n't even understand how our own government works . . only 34 % of eligible brits voted in the european elections . 
  almost double that turn out for our general elections . 
  i just do n't understand why an institution we 're so completely apathetic about as a country should have any say in how we 're run . 
  i was going to vote to stay , but i 'm leaning more to voting no or abstaining now . 
  the single most scary thing about these people is their lack of imagination . 
  they just seem like total dullards . 
  who ca n't come up with a good catchy and funny chant ? 
  most europeans can manage that . . 
  but these fucking guys ? 
  just allahu akbar ` ing like gormless idiots . 
   the 51st state ( uk ) fuck off . 
  frances car burnings are an inside job . 
  wake up sheeple . 
  it did n't look like they were stealing , more documenting . 
  hence the showing tags and passports to the camera . 
   who gave them the corridor ? 
  good question , to be honest . 
  a guy went for a sandwich and it went very wrong . 
  when i say western europe i include germany .
