   club of some developed countries sounds rad . 
   they are free to re-join the uk as a colony though . 
  wait ... 
  does that work ? 
  if the uk expands its territory , does that territory and its population become part of the eu as standard ? 
  canada could join the uk , then we could devo max it . . end result is basically everything exactly the same but canada is now in the eu . 
  u r 1 cheeky cunt m8 i swer . 
   if you look at actual cultural representations in film , music , food , and sport you see the us and canada have a lot more in common other than sport , that can be said about all of the anglosphere . 
  not agreeing with the poster above , just pointing out that america exports that stuff everywhere . 
  empire 2.0 baby , yeaaahhhh !, 
  seems kinda useless . . 
  uk split into its individual countries , england split into 5 , etc. 
  germany could just break up into its states . 
  it makes no sense using numbers from 2007 when we 're discussing the past years growth and the growth forecast for the next few years . 
  the pound inflated against the euro 7 years ago , and that means that the current economic growth is n't economic growth becauuuse ? 
  april 2013 : 1 gbp = 1.17 euros april 2014 : 1 gbp = 1.21 euros stop . 
  talking . 
  shit . 
  gdp is gaining value across the board . 
  i think being a stay at home dad would be a pretty cool life . . 
   through higher inflation expectations that 's not at all true . 
  it 's pretty much spot on at the moment . 
  only a few years ago we suffered deflation so a couple of percent inflation is ideal . 
   a depreciated external exchange rate . 
  that 's just a easily provable load of horseshit . . http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1y gone up over 10 cents in the past year . . 
  i think there 'd need to be at least 50 with an average population of about 10 million for it to ever work . 
  i 'm only 25 and i remember seeing ira bombings on the news as a kid . . we 've come really far in a short space of time . 
  it 's a shame people still ca n't behave in ni . . 
  it seemed like a cooled down for the longest time , but it 's all hotting up again . 
  correlation does n't equal causation . 
  why are there so many people who ca n't locate their own country on a fucking map ? 
  the fuck ? 
  want nothing to do with a 15 trillion dollar economy ? 
  as someone who likes money , fuck off . . 
  they 're not as bad as everyone makes out . 
  they could do with winding down the military industrial complex a bit , and they need to be more open to a bit of socialism in a few places for the sake of their population . 
   how about respecting all human life and our environment ? 
  how about respecting the sovereignty of other nations ? 
  how about respecting international law ? 
  surely they all come under ` citizens best interest ' . . 
  it 's not advantageous for the citizens of a country to have a poisoned atmosphere , wars going on or international trade sanctions due to international law violations . . none of that is even relevant to the subject at hand , which is about internet routing and clearly nowhere near as devastating as war and human suffering like you 're making out . 
  you 've twisted what i said . 
  is n't semtex extremely stable ? 
  i do n't understand how just ` touching a book ' with it in would set it off . . 
  it 'd surely need to be an actual book bomb . 
  pretty much everyone has . 
  that 's part of the problem . . 
  when shit hit the fan some countries worked through their overspending and others fucked up . 
  that 's the only real difference . 
  there 's no clear benefit to be had . 
  this cracked me up . 
  well done . 
  what 's the reliability like ? 
  that looks like a minefield if they ever need to troubleshoot . 
  if it 's unreliable then i 'm not particularly jealous . 
  i 'd rather have 80mbps 100 % of the time than 1gbps 75 % of the time . 
  this is the biggest mindfuck yet . . 
   low tax this is news to me . 
  the only responsibility a countries government has is to its people . . 
  that 's how you know someones a true communist . 
  it honestly sounds to me like these guys were making fun of the situation in crimea and the decisions made by the higher ups . . 
  they 're listing scotland , california , miami , etc as a form of absurdism . 
  the joke has probably lost some of finesse with the shitty translation . 
  ` we 'll just like , take money from the people who have it and give it to the people that do n't have it and then everyone will be equal . ', 
  shit me , you 're right . 
  does this meant that the center is the only sane option ? 
  they 're clearly more middle eastern than european , though . 
  plus , people really hate islam in most of europe and turkey has a fair amount of islam . 
  from what i can tell at my gym , it seems people from turkey do n't have much trouble getting here anyway so i 'm not too bothered . 
  plus kebabs are pretty fucking sweet . 
  i think it 's extremely unlikely that people would vote to leave . 
  the threat of no longer being allowed to freely roam europe would be enough to get a lot of people to vote to stay . 
  particularly the young . 
   remember : economical power of uk now is n't the same as it 'd be after leaving eu . 
  predictions have our economy being the largest in europe by 2030 since we 're one of the few major economies with a decent and sustainable birthrate . 
  the idea we 'll die a death if we leave the eu is probably false , but i reckon it 'll set us back a bit . 
  and for the sake of just # 3bn a year who gives a fuck ? 
  it 's not worth the risk at all . 
   discourage other eu countries from following uk . 
  bullying , surely . 
  it 's like religion . 
  extremely easy to understand and does n't stress the brain too much . 
  check turkey out . 
  they 're out europing europe when it comes to military . 
  being right wing is an attractive option . 
  everything is simple when you 're far right . 
  country does n't do what you want ? 
  threaten them , and failing that go to war . 
  people in your country you do n't like ? 
  kick them out , or kill them if needs be . 
  it 's such an easy form of politics . 
  i think an iron bra would scare them more . 
  we should just make our own eu . 
  with less benefits , less freedom of travel , blackjack and hookers !, 
  i would argue that russia has always been ready . 
   the 250k nato troops we are about to send to poland ? 
  is paddy power taking bets on the next place russia will annex/invade ? 
  they should be . 
  i guess russia would see that as an advance against them , but who the fuck cares really . 
  dear diary , today i stirred some shit .
