  pretty sure all gdp calculations are crude as hell . 
  why ? 
  i 'm out of the loop on the swiss . 
  what 's going on ? 
  he never truly wanted to resign . 
  he just knew he had to make good on his promise or it 'd give his opposition ( read : everyone ) ammo against him . 
  http://www.bne.eu/content/story/new-member-states-prove-good-eu-citizens we beat italy , spain , france , belgium , poland , greece and germany at the ` following the rules ' game . 
  the eu made us change the way we calculated gdp to include those things . . and it cost us a billion quid . 
  presumably they made france too , but they refuse . 
  sorry , why are we bitched at for being shitty members of the eu again ? 
   the set is often seen as symbolic of the wing of the party that currently dominates the leadership . 
  it combines traditional centre-right economic views with socially liberal and environmentally friendly stances on other issues . 
  it almost sounds nice when put like that . 
  the only advantage of fptp is that you get strong governments who can enact their will . . 
  but the us does n't even get that because the senate and congress can lock each other up . 
  we got around this by making our second house less powerful than our first . 
  apparently we had free movement with ireland since before we were in the eu , so nothing would change . 
  that 's the argument i 've heard . 
  you realise that the human rights act is british legislation , right ? 
  it was written to include everything in the european convention on human rights so that we could deal with any matters relating to human rights in house , rather than the european court of human rights stepping in . 
  getting rid of this legislation does n't mean what you think it does . 
  not when it 's going to be replaced . 
  i love this shit . 
  the top picks i 've heard from the ` i 'm leaving ! ', 
  people are canada and australia who are both moving right on the political spectrum too . 
  if you have an irish grandparent you can get an irish passport easily . 
  that 's my plan if we leave . 
  first being born welsh , and now this . . you 're never going to catch a break !, 
  it 's not like gove is required to be in the cabinet . 
  he 's a useless shit , so have him just be an mp looking after his constituency . 
  usually i 'd agree , but when it comes to law it 's clearly advantageous to have someone who knows something about law . . gove knows fuck all about anything . 
  they 've put michael gove in charge of replacing the human rights act . . 
  i give up . 
   they think french is some kind of world language . 
  it 's a meme language , and they refuse to the let the meme die . 
  ` this is your pilot speaking . 
  the skies are clear , a perfect day for flying and it 's a little cooler than usual so we should get there a little bit quicker . 
  the temperature in norway is 22 degrees . 
  enjoy your flight , the cabin crew will be around with refreshments and do n't forget that fuck islam . ', 
  this is generally how blasphemy laws get kept on the books . 
  they just stop getting used until someone tries to use them , then everyone remembers they exist and they 're gotten rid of . 
  for us it was n't anything as dramatic as a terrorist attack that made us get rid of them . 
  some dumbass christians just tried to ban ` jerry springer : the opera ' with them . 
  i hate it when politicians try so hard to be hip . 
  you 're not hip . 
  you 're a politician . 
   it \u00b4 s like an old lady that still thinks that she \u00b4 s very important to the rest of the family , but everyone is taking care of their own life and she \u00b4 s left in the room alone shouting orders . 
  is this a portugal thing ? 
  read things ? 
  then again , the tories just got a landslide victory from nowhere . 
  politics are weird . 
  it 's hard to say what the solution is . 
  i ca n't come up with a reasonable pr plan that would fit into our current structure . 
  we 'd need to federalize or something . 
  we 've got no chance of anything like pr . . we completely fucked it on the av referendum . 
  we could have done that , and then reform would be in everyones minds and we could push for pr . 
  salty . 
  no one cared about his ethnicity . 
  it was more that he looked and acted like a sap . 
   the brexit referendum is now assured . 
  not exactly . 
  the referendum promise has a clause . 
  ` if a better deal ca n't be negotiated . ', 
  ` better deal ' is vague enough to mean just about anything . 
  that sub is riding pretty high at the moment . 
  wales must be sacrificed to the fptp gods to appease them . 
  now i feel bad . 
  the places with ` multi cultural ' populations all vote labour . 
  the fact of the matter is that they concentrate themselves in cities . 
  the countryside is conservatives all the way , with very little immigration . 
  god dammit i like clegg . 
  i want him to run the country . . 
  his voting record certainly looks better than most , imo . 
  i could probably vote for him . 
  very little i disagree with him on there . 
  if he translated that kind of thinking to a manifesto i 'd be reasonably happy with it . 
  this is so absurd . 
  the uk needs to become a federation . 
  split england into 5-6 states , ni as one , scotland as one . 
  le pen = 17.9 % swedish democrats = 12.9 % both are far worse in terms of policies than ukip , yet we get shat on the most for our far right by this subreddit . . 
  sorry , i 've not has much sleep . 
  this can be said of any 20 year old in the country . 
  my point remains . 
  i think that would technically be a worse result for the country , in terms of governance . 
  ` the camerons send their regards . ', 
  - alex salmond , standing behind ed miliband . 
  sorry , you 're absolutely right . 
  i 'm tired . 
  ~ ~ yet they voted to introduce them in 2004 . . and without those votes the vote would have been lost . ~ ~ ~ ~ we need a solution to the west lothian question . . we just need to give scotland devo max and let what happens happen . 
  then they can stop blaming shit on ruk and get on with their own thing , which when the dust settles will almost certainly be very similar to what ruk gets up to . . ~ ~, 
  cameron has promised a referendum in 2017 , so ukip are going to be irrelevant either way now . 
  unless cameron backtracks , but it does n't look like he 'll have the ` i 'm in a coalition ! ', 
  excuse to back out of it like he did after the 2010 election . 
  dan jarvis is being positioned by the media at least . 
  part of eds downfall was the fact that he seemed like a weak leader . 
  you ca n't really make that claim against ex special forces . . 
  they 'd be mad to appoint another career politician after this . 
  get some fresh blood in , and it does n't get much fresher than dan jarvis . 
  costs money , and will be a hassle . 
  i 'm only interested in the eu citizenship that comes with the irish passport .
