  as long as they 've been sampled correctly , ~ 1,200 is very much enough . 
  why wo n't we follow their lead ? 
  there 's not a single major party in the uk that advocates a similar system now the lib dems are dead . . 
  it 's common sense that if you give drug users a criminal record then they 'll have less options in life . 
  less options in life , less reasons to not use drugs . 
   there are a lot of people wishing for more incidents to happen so that they get extra political ammunition to spread their ideology . 
  i do n't get why they did n't just wait until tuesday , which i believe is the normal french car burning day of the week . 
  does n't make it sting any less for people with savings in eur though . 
  everything i hear of juncker makes me think he enjoys a cheeky nandos with the lads . 
  they 're not helping matters . 
  just drop your corporation tax to 0 % and hope for the best . 
  i was looking at the 5y time frame . 
  gbp has been stable , whereas eur took a nosedive in the past year or so and was all over the place before then . 
  yeah , i do n't use cash and have n't for ages . 
  drugs are about the only time i use cash now . . 
  i had a # 5 note in my wallet for the whole of last month . 
  i was waiting to buy something worth exactly # 5 because i hate coins . 
  on the plus side the value of the # has n't fallen off a cliff like the euro has . 
  killing carriers is * quite * hard . 
  the truth is , none of it 's been put to a test . 
  last carriers sunk were ww2 , and they were sunk in large numbers . 
  people assume all the technology will save these carriers but basically none of it is tested in combat . 
  it 's all theoretical and tested in ideal war games scenarios where it 's in everyones best interests to not make the enemy look too foolish . 
  they 're # 1-5bn floating high value targets . 
  they 've painted a bullseye on themselves . 
  and in the few times these systems have been put to the test , [ they fail . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_stark_incident ) i 'm not convinced that carriers are as invincible as they 're made out to be . 
  they are if your military is stuck 20-30 years in the past . 
  any modern military power would n't have too much of a problem . 
  all these systems succumb to zerg rush tactics anyway . 
  if all else fails , just send everything at it . 
  mmm . 
  [ maybe this will be of more use in such a scenario . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perseus_%28missile%29 ) have a plane skim along the ocean until it 's ~ 300km out from the carrier group , pop up , release missile , bail as fast as possible hoping they do n't get their shit wrecked by anti air . 
   the problem is that they 're ballistic missiles and ( of course ) follow a ballistic trajectory ; they go up , arc over , and then come zipping right back down . 
  if you want to hit something with them , you need to know exactly where it is , because you are n't gon na be able to have those suckers flying around looking for targets . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  the ones china are currently developing do exactly that . 
  they get launched at an approximate site and then seek out the ship on their way down using their control surfaces . 
  depending on how precise you have to be during the initial targeting it 's possible it could be done via satellite imagery . 
  otherwise there 's always reconnaissance planes . 
  their horizon is much much further away than a ships . 
  a nimrod should be able to see ships from 257 miles away , if the only limitation is the horizon . 
   they would n't bother invading until they 'd been bombing for ages . 
  which is why carrier killers are needed . 
  no one would dare invade us without air superiority . 
  it 'd be suicide . 
  lol . 
  that 's a question very much stacked in favour of countries who have n't been embroiled in war recently . 
  if i was asked that question , i 'd likely say no too because iraq and afghanistan are fresh in my memory . 
   but redditors told me that tories are socially liberal and progressive most are . 
  before nukes , i 'd actually agree with that . 
  not so much that it 'll end well for us , just that we 'll never be conquered . 
  the 25 mile moat fucks everyone that attempts anything . 
  i think that 'd be the same now , even with our enemies improved technology . 
  we should really develop some anti-ship ballistic missiles , though . 
  that well and truly would make us impervious to invasion . 
  even the yanks would struggle if we had enough of them . 
  probably for the best , really . 
  come over here , wait , join the assault party when the usa has gifted us a bunch of nice military shit to play with . 
  what was the actual question ? 
  i very much doubt only 27 % of britons would say they 'd fight for their country in the event of an invasion or threat of invasion , for example . . fight some random war half way around the world ? 
  then yeah , 27 % sounds about right . 
  why are exports to outside of the eu any more vulnerable to reversal than the exports to the reu ? 
   recently politicians in stockholm approved a proposal that would grant significant benefits to returning isis fighters such as prioritising them in apartment queues , helping them find jobs etc. . 
  i like to think of myself as socially liberal , but that 's fucking mental . 
  ford stands for fix or repair daily . 
  ridiculous protectionist shite like this will be the death of the eu . 
  i do n't get how germany supposedly has a shite army when they 're still in the top 10 military spenders . . 
   the nazis prevented her from sitting her final exam . 
  they 've gone too far this time . . 
  false equivalence . 
  really ? 
  i honestly thought it was all ancient history between us at this point . 
  culturally we 're extremely similar nations . 
  there 's a ton of your ancestors going spastic mental in their graves right now . 
  well it 's not going to be the toast , is it ? 
   the quality of products will be lowered what on earth makes you think that will happen . 
  the question is which came first , the readers views , or the readers choice of newspaper . . 
  wait , are our pensioners popping out babies ? 
  lol , the guy that thinks he 's president or whatever is trying to get people to crowd source money for a speedboat and a quadcopter . 
  lmao . 
  twat w a t, 
  it 's just a laugh init . 
  it 's a joke , lad . 
   i just defended france several times you 've learned a valuable lesson today . 
  hon hon hon, 
  from the wiki , which is also how i remember it going down :  the icesave dispute was centered on the fact that iceland had passed a law on 6 october 2008 - the day before the landsbanki bankruptcy - that guaranteed full coverage of lost deposits for domestic icelandic customers in the event of any icelandic bank 's bankruptcy . 
  at the same time , there was no guarantee for foreign customers of the same bank . 
  it could be wrong , mind . 
  it 's not well cited . 
  gibraltar is ours , dammit !, 
  ireland has to be a contender . 
  what reason would anyone other than us have for hating ireland ? 
  and it 's all water under the bridge anyway . 
  any time we dick the french is worth celebrating . 
  every year i still celebrate april 9th , the day many years ago when i kicked a frenchman in the shin . 
   and other nations putting pressure on iceland for them to volunteer to cover the losses . 
  this is n't entirely fair . 
  the icelandic government was meant to cover the first # 12k or so , then the fscs was meant to cover from # 12k to # 35k . 
  only when the icelandic government started stressing it 'd only be protecting * domestic * deposits . . that 's when the uk government started rightly throwing its weight around .
