  sounds like the exact same fuel that started the london riots a few years back . 
  the muslim population of the uk is only 4 % . . 
  the only reason people are making a big deal of it is because that 4 % live in certain areas which makes them the majority of the population . 
  in the grand scheme of things they 're very outnumbered and there 's really no reason to be scared . 
  it 's a non issue , imo . 
  you are australia 's wales . 
  but it 's fucking called gay paree . . 
   an interview with the priest that married him . 
  he was married to a priest ? 
  shit just got interesting . 
   tragic accident at vilnius rally . 
  the subaru impreza car sped over a ramp , spiralled out of control and flew into the onlookers at the bottom of the ramp . 
  a girl was hit and killed on the spot , the driver broke his spine . 
  the video can be seen on liveleak . 
  warning : very graphic oh my god that sucks . 
  it 's kinda a risk you take when watching rally live . 
  it 's basically the only motorsport where the car is out of control 90 % of the time . 
  any news on potato ? 
   first , they made a tv-show just filming the journey of the hurtigruten , which is a traditional boat journey along the coast in norway . 
  takes about a week . 
  no interviews , no info , just filming from the boat . 
  hugely popular . 
  norway tv sounds boring as fuck . 
  anyway , who was the interview with ? 
   ** a ** drone from the us for 500m euros that ca n't be right . 
  do you mean a few of them , surely ? 
  what drone costs 500m ? 
  damned if he does , damned if he does n't then ? 
  nigel farange came out early and said :  we are all left horrified by this appalling attack on the peaceful streets of london , and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the young man who was killed and those who were injured . 
  i hope and believe that this is an isolated incident and appeal for calm amongst all our communities . 
  he knew better than to try and score points on something like this . 
  yeah , but they all became famous in the uk . 
  for example , reg d hunter is an british comedian despite being american . 
  here 's the 2012 one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu5fnxmxbjs, 
  their bullshit backwards religion and culture ? 
  fuck no . 
  a type 45 is a mobile ` fuck you ' to any kind of air superiority the argies might muster up . 
  then there 's the fact that if the argies tried it again then we probably would n't be as restrained when it comes to attacks on their home soil . 
  we have 60 odd cruise missiles that we can shove up their arses without being remotely near argentina . 
  mount pleasant airbase was completely redesigned after the war . 
  the strength of that base is not that it poses much of a permanent/sustained threat to the argies , however within 48 hours it can be completely re-garrisoned by air . . 
  the 4 typhoons and 1000 odd personnel stationed there only have to hold out for 48 hours . 
   in the past , britain has made very clear that it is in the union to maximize its own benefit and every country is in the union for the benefit of random other countries ? 
  pull the other one . 
  everyone 's in it for themselves , or at least they should be . 
  which came first , the no vote or the partner ? 
  anyway , some follow through . 
  the vast majority are just talking a load of shite . 
  we 're back baby !, 
  first lithuania , next india . 
  when it comes to chomsky is fun to listen to , but i do n't take much of what he says seriously . 
  he also seems to constantly mix up england and the uk which is pretty infuriating , especially when he 's acting like he 's an authority on geopolitics . 
  you realise the referendum has been and gone , right ? 
  we got a result . . 
  anyway , really not seeing the relevance here . 
  you trying to insinuate that because i wanted the uk to stay together that i 'm being a hypocrite to not want the eu to grow closer ? 
  because that does n't make sense . 
  and ? 
  i feel close to the scots . 
  this is the problem with intelligence agencies . 
  you ca n't neglect them or they 'll atrophy and relatively quickly become irrelevant and useless . 
  you either have them , or you do n't . 
  half arsing it is just a waste of money and you 're completely at the mercy of the countries who did n't neglect theirs . 
  for all the effort spent on complaining about ours and americas , you 'd all be so much better off developing your own . 
  it 'd the battle ground of the future , if not present . 
  no amount of whinging will change that . 
  9 eyes , 5 eyes . . what 's the difference really ? 
  there 's a clear sign of intent . 
  iirc , france/germany were n't allowed into 5 eyes . 
  it was n't a case of them not wanting to be included . 
   the empowerment of local communities has a much greater effect than anything to do with brussels or the eu . 
  we have that to a certain extent with the county council system . 
  what influence would we get that we would n't get as a small nation of the coast of the united states of europe ? 
  if anyone wanted to attack us militarily they 'd need to get through the use first . 
  and we 'd have our own military anyway which if formidable enough . 
  trade ? 
  well , there 's non superpowers who enjoy favourable trade agreements at the moment . 
  plenty of countries outside the eu and usa that are prospering on their own . 
  i do n't feel like becoming a minor player in a big player is really as big a deal as it 's made out to be . 
  i 'd rather be a minor player full stop . 
  and we 'll almost certainly be top 10 for the rest of this century , so ` minor player ' is relatively . 
  we 're never going to turn into mozambique . . 
   and that 's without any organized campaigning for it . 
  er , or against it . 
  that works both ways . 
   the latest scottish independence drive started at 27 % in favor of independence , and barely anybody took it as a serious possibility . 
  by the time referendum came about , it was 45 % already . 
  i feel like an independence movement and a unification movement are two completely different beasts . 
  in an independence referendum you can paint the current government as oppressors keeping the country from doing great things and that 's absolutely who the general feel of the scottish independence referendum was . 
  what do you do with a campaign for unification ? 
  we 're so shit we need someone else to govern us ? 
  hardly a vote winning argument to make . 
  i 'm 26 and i guarantee we wo n't see a federal eu in my lifetime . 
  plus each country would need their own referendum . . and some countries leadership would flat out refuse to even offer a referendum and turn it down from the get go . 
  it 's just such a non starter . 
  i do n't understand why sovereignty is n't a decent enough reason on its own . 
  it 's absolutely undeniable that we 'd have more power over the direction of our country as a sovereign nation than as a state in a federalized eu ( which is apparently where we 're heading in the distant future ) . . we just need to ask our self if we want to be a minority player in a big state with a lot of influence , or if we 're okay being our own smaller state doing our own thing but with less influence . 
  i do n't think the latter is as terrible as everyone makes out . 
  i remember one time on here someone said something similar and when i asked them where they 'd go if we voted to leave the eu they said canada . 
  strong logic from the ever vocal ` well then i 'll leave ! ',
