  how is this different to any politician ? 
   and on top of that it has to twist the arms of national governments to get them to adopt simple legislation to benefit their own people . 
  this is such a hilariously one sided view of eu legislation . 
  everything the eu does benefits all the eu countries ? 
  i think not . 
  if countries fight back against various eu regulations , it 's generally going to be warranted . 
  the point i 'm making is that the eu commission is under a lot less scrutiny . 
  their jobs rely a lot less on their public perception because by and large the public know fuck all about the eu and do n't really care what it does as long as it does n't bother them . 
  not just in my country , although it 's worse than most , but all over the eu . 
  that inherently makes it easier . 
  so you need to go back a month or more for the last eu related story you remember . 
  i think i only need to go back 5 or so days for the last time cameron and the tories were shat on by the media , and it was much bigger news than the roaming stuff . 
  what powers over health does the eu have in my country ? 
  how much managing do they do of the nhs ? 
  was it them who decided the pay freeze a few years back ? 
  okay , so what are they actually doing in the health domain ? 
  pretty sure translators are prolific in the eu parliment . 
  because my main argument is that public scrutiny is the hardest part of politics , and the eu comes under less public scrutiny . 
  me not understanding how the eu works , or who even does what is proof of what i 'm saying . 
  also , it 's fun getting your panties in a twist . 
  wait , how does that work ? 
  how do you think rich people get rich in the first place ? 
   ( although the fallout if something goes wrong with the first is definitely far greater ) literally the most difficult part of being a politician , though . 
  at least a politician in a democracy . 
  it 's the difference between high level and low level programming , imo . 
  running a country is low level and difficult . 
  health , economy , defence , welfare , education , transport . . all intricately managed by the leaders of the sovereign nations . 
  running the eu is high level . 
  you , er , do something or rather . 
  [ you might enjoy the utter contempt this guardian blogger has for the job at hand . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/apr/01/april-fools-day-jokes-2015-the-best-from-around-the-world ) he 's live blogging april fools . 
  read from bottom upwards for full effect . 
  that 's a level of drunk i 've never achieved . 
  i did once drunkenly start doing cpr on my mate because he would n't wake up . 
  turns out he was just drunker than me and passed out . 
  did n't even wake up when i blew into his lungs . 
  core british values and core western europeean values are identical . 
  if we could start calling them ` european values ' i think people would get their feathers less ruffled . 
  it 's just basic shit like gender equality , gay rights , no capital punishment , freedom of expression , etc. 
  we 're not going to be teaching kids that they must like queuing and drinking tea . . 
  \\  those euro wages fuck a duck . 
  pretty certain running a country is much more difficult than running the eu . 
  edit : lol , you 're all bent out of shape . 
  uk alone has a budget six times that of the entire eu . 
  do n't try and tell me that 's somehow an easier budget to manage than the eu 's piddly 100bn odd . 
  that thing 's fookin huge !, 
  [ looks a lot bigger than taranis ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1910470/thumbs/o-taranis-drone-570.jpg?6 ) . 
  i guess there 's just a standard shape that makes sense to use . 
  [ looks similar to ours . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bae_systems_taranis ) shame we 're not part of the program . 
  we likely wo n't have a domestic drone for decades . 
  edit : looks like we agreed to combine programs . 
  sweet . 
  i really do n't think the church of england is in anyones mind when they think british values . 
  church attendance is plummeting , as is belief in religion generally . . 
  i imagine most would n't even rate being christian as a british value above things like gender equality , race equality , etc. . 
  religion plays a really minor part in our lives . 
  so much so that i have no idea if any of my 40 odd co workers are religious , and i 've known them 5 odd years . 
  the fact we have a state religion is really just a relic from the past that no one 's really bothered about changing . 
  if we could get bishops out of the house of lords without removing our state religion then i think we 'd have a state religion forever . 
  [ i mean , i do n't agree with the content of the speech but he was an impressive orator for 16 years old . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja0qqzfbdak ) also , i would n't want to be judged by what my 16 year old self said and i dare say you would n't either . 
  hague was a good politician , imo . 
  born to do it . 
  take that as you will . . 
  \\  scotland flair lol . 
  you guys and your bbc hate . . 
  and i just looked it up . . our judge ( paul mahoney ) was n't involved . 
  weird . 
  time and time again it seems out unelected house is the only house speaking sense . 
  i doubt that 'd actually solve the problem though . 
  our politicians would have been thrilled to have had an outside entity to take the fall on opening up political tv broadcasts . 
  i imagine they all want them but realise the public hate the idea . 
  ah , good point . 
   and william hague can just go die in a fire . 
  a ridiculous low note to end his political career on . 
  i 'll copy this post from / r/uk by / u/hbucket  two years ago , we came perilously close to having paid us-style political advertising . 
  [ the european court of human rights voted very narrowly ( 9 to 8 ) to uphold the ban ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22238582 ) . 
  had one judge thought differently , we 'd all have had big money politics forced on us . 
  that was a close escape . 
  so glad they got completely dicked trying to oust bercow . 
  they 'd been watching too much game of thrones if they thought that 'd fly . . 
  ~ $ 20 spent per voter . 
  fuck a duck . 
  well it turned out all you polish guys are actually a good laugh , and your polish shops sell some good food . 
  now those romanians . 
  by gum , do n't get me started on them . 
  i 've never met a romanian , but my goodness do they make me mad . 
  * waggles fist at channel *, 
  we were n't dragged in by the americans . 
  we were dragged in by tony fucking blair , the gwb arse licking gobshite . . 
  we 're so alike . 
  apart from the jews and yanks bit . 
  devout christians . 
  just what the us has been missing . 
   and post things like americans do n't have healthcare or other stupid stuff like that . 
  stupid things like that ? 
  [ 64 million americans ca n't afford healthcare . . ] ( http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2015/01/16/64-million-americans-still-can-t-afford-medical-care ) so what 's that , roughly 20 % of the usa ? 
  it 's a legitimate problem , and the fact that * so * many americans seem to be against helping out those 20 % that you 've got to ask yourself ` are these people i want to live around ? ', 
  there 's certainly been some stupid reasons listed for not moving to the us in this thread .
