  you 're right , not all governments use geopolitics to distract from internal issues . 
  lots do , though . 
  there were those japanese/chinese islands last year that caused a stir . 
  had chinese people smashing up toyota dealerships . . 
  nukes are not a valid offensive weapon . 
  have n't been since the russians got hold of one . 
  their only use is as a deterrent . 
  [ it is binding . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-determination#the_un_charter ), 
  surely the open boarders would become closed boarders pretty quickly . 
  ridiculous premise , but what would happen if two eu members went to war ? 
  who would side with who ? 
   it 's theirs . 
  they should be able to decide to which country they want to belong , or if they want to be one on its own right . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21750909  a referendum that showed 99.8 % in favour of remaining british . 
  the lines in the sand are completely arbitrary . 
  if you go back far enough , all land was gained by force . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  how far back do you go ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's ours now , too bad . 
  the people that live there identify as british and if they want to remain british then they will . 
  it 's really not anyone elses business . 
  the military of argentina is the exact same one we fought and won against in the 80 's . 
  we 've got mount pleasant now with around 1200 personnel on the island , anti air installations , 4 eurofighters and a bunch of other stuff that comes with having a big military base . 
  they stand no fucking chance . 
  they 'll never even attempt it . 
  same for every countries government ever . 
  porn block , anyone ? 
  with all due respect , come at us bros. 
   the reason why 2013 has been a good year is because we finally got our act together and actually started doing something rather than sitting around saying `` what we are doing is working , its just that damn eu 's fault , we should totally leave it '' . 
  what a complete load of fucking bollocks . 
  the growth we 're seeing this year is the accumulation of about 2-4 years of effort by the government . 
  results take time . 
  we 're doing pretty damn well . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   wages in the uk have seen one of the largest falls in the eu during the economic downturn ... was it a case of less wages and more employment ? 
  because i think that 's fair . 
  underemployed and underpaid is better than unemployed , imo . 
  a culture of unemployment can cause huge social problems if it 's left to fester . 
  better to prop up peoples wages via benefits than make them completely dependent on the state . 
  accidents happen , i guess . 
   looking back , in 2002 the gibraltarians rejected a joint uk-spanish proposal for shared sovereignty , so i 'm not very sympathetic to their problems . 
  what a completely absurd statement . 
  did n't want to be ruled over by foreigners , so now it 's all their fault . 
  i do n't see the logic . 
  if it was 1850 , maybe . 
  hypothetically , how big an omelette are we talking ? 
   second generation immigrants also known as citizens . 
  libertarian is possibly one of the worst ideologies i know . 
  i just ca n't see a case where ` the letter of last resort ' does n't say to not respond with nuclear weapons . . 
  the only use of nuclear weapons is as a deterrent . 
  in the event of being launched upon , their usefulness has been void . 
  launching back is nothing but petty vengeance . 
  a country that takes a nuclear strike on the chin and chooses not to escalate even though it can would go down very well in history and would also gain sympathy from the rest of the world which would be handy in rebuilding after nuclear devastation . 
  we all know you 're just biding your time . 
  jerry does n't fool me !, 
  ` hey look , the english have set their boats on fire !, 
  they 're so scared of our armada that they killed themse - wait . 
  it was never a porn filter . 
  it was a ` bad things kids should n't know about ' filter . . 
  it 's actually more dangerous than a porn filter because what kids should n't know about is completely ambiguous . 
  orange + overshaped eyebrows = whhhyyyyyy ? 
  inbetweeners , for example . 
  skincare products ? 
  does orange fake tan applied extremely generously count ? 
  but seriously , i do n't find our women particularly masculine looking . 
  acting , yes . 
  that said , i often find other european countries men to look pretty effeminate . 
  maybe that 's where the difference in opinion comes from . 
  overweight is the biggest issue , imo . 
  23 % is unacceptable . 
  i 'm no george clooney in the face department but at least i look after myself by eating well and working out . 
  it 's when people have a rough face and let their body go ... 
  it 's such a combo . 
  literally . 
  i live in a tourist town ( brighton ) and summer is glorious . 
  english becomes the least spoken language for about 4 months but the attractiveness of the populace goes up 300 % easily . 
  that 's right . 
  the best thing about my city is that during the summer foreigners populate it . 
  oh sure , i 'm just speaking generally . 
  everyone has a top 1 % . 
  see !, 
  it 's a common stereotype . 
  i believe we 're the fattest country in europe , so that does n't help . 
  23 % or something . 
  that sounds a lot like us brits , although we have a somewhat [ cheeky charm ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkga19tr4mi ) . 
  i do n't think i 've ever knowingly met or seen russian tourists . 
  sub par women . 
  drink tea constantly . 
  stiff upper lip . 
  i knew . 
  i knew before you even said . 
  english lends its self to humour better than any other language . 
  debate . 
  reminds me of my favourite german joke : a man walks into a bar . 
  he says to the barman ' i would like a litre of beer ' and the barman obliges . 
  another transaction efficiently processed . 
  our tourists are just terrible . 
  it 's strange though , because even though i know this i will be equally as terrible the second i 'm a tourist .
