  i had no idea , but i saw [ this mural in serbia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fdacthe.jpg ) and did some googling . 
  it 's been syndicated all around the world . 
  even pakistan got it . . 
  it 's also been remade quite a few times in various countries . 
  i 'm so glad it 's one of our cultural exports . 
  i 'd never have guessed it 'd be popular outside of the uk , but i guess the wheeler dealer character is a recognisable character in most if not all countries . 
  eva green is famous everywhere . 
  she 's a hollywood star . 
  is she actually danish ? 
  i thought she just has danish ancestry or something . . she has an english accent . 
  according to maths and such , i was 14 then . . 
  but i swear i was nearer 17/18 . . 
  henning wehn is a pretty popular german comedian over here . 
  i 'm guessing he 's unknown in germany because a lot of his material comes from him being german , and that might not be particularly funny for germans . 
  not really . 
  i do n't want it to happen , but i also do n't think it 'll be the end of the world like people on here make out . 
  we 've survived worse . 
  we wo n't leave , though . 
  we love the status quo too much . 
   not a murderous semi colonial self appointed international police force as it currently is . 
  so is the falklands . 
  it 's beside the point . 
  we have free school dinners for poor children . 
  close enough . 
  huh ? 
  corbyn has been the favourite for more than a month now . 
  yep . 
  evangelical christian , even . 
  i reckon he popped an actual boner when the president of argentina congratulated corbyn for his win . . 
  in a financial crisis it is not labour who the british people turn to . . 
  how is he a strong leader when barely anyone in his party agrees with him on anything ? 
  he 's also just said he wo n't even be doing all the pmq 's and will be letting mp 's do some of them . . 
  guy does n't strike me as a strong leader at all . 
  plus we offered to share the oil a while back and they threw the offer back in our faces . . fine by me !, 
  also , the 1 % apparently wanted full independence . 
  literally no one questioned wanted to become affiliated with argentina haha . 
  i actually like tom watson . 
  his absolute hatred of everything murdoch is admirable . 
  the tears in 2020 should be good , though . 
  lots of them should really be lib dems . 
   because the alternative ca n't really be any worse the greeks tried that tactic . 
  there 's * always * ways for it to get worse . 
  pretty embarrassing for labour , to be honest . 
  but that 's why you do n't let your socially liberal party be run by a hardcore christian . 
  and what did the lib dems just fucking do ? 
  you guessed it . 
  two countries in 70 years is pretty good going . 
  it could well have been a long drawn out conventional war with lots of deaths had the threat of nuclear weapons not constantly been the back of each of their minds . 
  so what 's the point of corbyn , then ? 
  the labour mp 's have shown preference for being blairites , so that 's all we 're going to get . 
  seems pointless . 
  even then , it 's unlikely people are going to flock to corbyn to save our economy . 
  the tories thinking they 've got it safe and overplaying their hand on social issues could possibly edge people to vote for labour under corbyn , but to be honest in his 30 + year career he 's said so much toxic shit that the public will hate that no one is going to trust him . 
  at least they 'd secure the welsh vote . 
  the tories are a shoe in for 2020 providing there 's no economic shit storm , and providing they do n't fuck up monumentally by overplaying their hand or just going full retard . 
  cancelling the referendum comes under ` going full retard ' . 
  yeah , the snp are vastly more pro business than corbyn seems to be . 
  corbyn also believes in a much bigger government with much bigger taxes than the snp do . 
  all i 'm seeing is hot air . 
  and labour just joined them . 
  corbyn has said he 's going to get rid of the party whip , so he has no fucking chance to ever get a lot of the things he wants such as ditching nato and trident . 
  do you want me to list the countries that have gone to war while both possessing nuclear weapons ? 
  it 's a short list . 
  * pakistan * india and when it happened the international community banded together to make sure it ended quickly , almost like their lives depended on it ( because they did . . ) literally no better way to stop wars than nuclear weapons . 
  btw , i do n't think there 's even 200 countries is there ? 
  and a few of them are at war . 
  not the nuclear armed ones ... 
  i meant ` unfortunately for him ' as in he said that dumb thing , and it 's not possible without going against self determination . 
  maybe he does n't support self determination , and he 's not being a hypocrite . 
  but some lefty he is if he does n't . 
   the uk used to have a maximum wage before ` we used to do x ' is not a valid argument for x. 
  the argument makes zero sense . 
  other things we used to do : * hang people for crimes . 
  * chemical castration for gays . 
  * colonise entire populations of people . 
  but no one would champion those things , because we 've progressed . 
  same can be said for the idea of a ` maximum wage ' . 
  i mean if he mentions doing it at any point in the next 5 years , because it 's some bullshit little thing you do when you 're in power . 
  not something you campaign on . 
  if he makes a big deal out of it , then it 'll be telling . 
  we 're talking about energy companies , lad . 
  ` thatcher thatcher , milk snatcher ' was the lefts battle cry in the 70 's when she took away free milk for school kids . 
  it 's not that it 'd be weird to bring it back , it 's just that it 'd leave us under no illusion that corbyn literally just wants us to return to the '60s / 70s . . 
  look up the legal situation with those islands , it 's really interesting . 
  we could n't do anything even if we wanted to . 
  certainly not while claiming to value democracy and self determination . 
  i had the same opinion as you until a few weeks ago when someone from those islands spelled it out to me here on reddit . 
  conservatives are socially conservative , economically liberal . 
  lib dems are socially liberal , economically liberal . 
  labour are . . who knows that the fuck they are . 
   just continued the policy of being tory lite i do n't understand why this is always parroted as a bad thing . 
  i quite like the idea of tory lite . 
  we 're not really sure where corbyn wants to set the limit , as far as i know . 
  well , osborne has . 
  he 's standing down before the election . 
  also , if the tories overplay their hand i 'm going to rage so hard . 
  you should not discourage aspiration . 
  we literally have some of the cheapest energy prices in europe . 
  the public are fucking mad to fuck up a good thing we have going for us . 
   nationalisation should only be an option after steps to improve competition were taken .
