  a first world navy , not so much . 
  i only agree with hunting whales when it 's to feed the local population , and something they 've been doing for centuries . 
  doing it for profit ? 
  you know , if we started shooting machine gun rounds across the bow of these migrant ships they 'd soon turn around and go home . 
  or at the very least we would n't see 500 % increases in attempts . . time for a bit of realpolitik ? 
  there 's no harm in admitting that there 's not always a diplomatic hugs and kisses solution to every problem . 
  we should let north korea host 2022 instead then . . 
  they shot down a passenger plane . . that 's reason enough to punish them . 
  you have to be a serious fucking scumbag to pay isis for anything . 
  christ . 
  today i heard a us rapper on radio 1 singing the praises of grime . 
  it 's funny how our music gets around . 
  at most it demonstrates that you two have opposing opinions . 
  possibly . 
  i do n't know enough about norway , but that seems entirely possible . 
  i know they 're no biting at the chance to have the euro either , though . 
  did you read my post ? 
  as i said :  i 'm all for having the veto removed for decisions that do n't concern us directly . 
  i just do n't understand the complete removal of our veto . 
  seems obvious to split the eu into eurozone and non-eurozone members . 
  we might even get norway to join if they know their currency is n't under threat . 
  be nice !, 
  why ? 
  i do n't follow the logic . 
  if the decisions effect us , why should n't we keep the veto ? 
  i 'm all for having the veto removed for decisions that do n't concern us directly . 
  so anything eurozone , for example . 
   yeah , but i 've only ever seen it appear on / r/europe posted by users with british flair . 
  apparently there is little demand for such an acronym elsewhere . 
  i just looked it up , and apparently ruk is an official term used by the scottish government to refer to the rest of the uk . 
  so that 's where the scots got it from , i guess . 
  was thrown around a lot during the referendum , so it makes sense to re-purpose it for the new eu referendum we 're going to allegedly be getting . 
  anyone can use reu . 
  if you used reu then it 'd mean every country in the eu other than belgium . 
  reu does n't mean the eu without the uk specifically . 
   but how then can you ` leave reu ' if reu is eu without uk ? 
   not leave the reu as in leave the union . 
  leave reu as let them get on with further integration without us , as per the suggestion by the french and german ministers in the original article . 
  it 's a throwback from the scottish referendum . 
  scots would refer to the rest of the uk minus them as ruk . 
  so the rest of the eu , minus us is reu . 
  i do n't think it 's very clear what they mean . 
  you 're right , though . 
  we should only lose the veto for policies that do n't impact us directly . 
   lugansk , donetsk and crimea held a referendum to be autonomous regions under russia ? 
  about as much legitimacy as fifa elections . . 
   t shows that much can be achieved without treaty change , and that france and germany see opportunities for pushing their own reform agenda using the momentum offered by the british referendum . 
  we dun goof 'd  `` they can not have the right to block the others if the others want to go forward . 
  we should add [ to any opt-out ] that britain has in the future no right to use its veto in any domain if the others go further [ in integration ] . '' i ca n't imagine cameron having a problem with this at all . 
  we can remain at our current level of integration and leave the reu to get on with whatever they like . 
  it 's surely the perfect solution ? 
   hanks frankeh , you solved our problem . 
  no worries . 
  next time come to me first . 
  i could have told you this years ago and saved everyone a lot of time . 
  oh , and [ for the record . . ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/38fe0w/europe_has_no_choice_it_has_to_save_greece/cruqu56 ) i can think about two issues at the same time . 
  they 're refusing to cede market share to the usa , basically . 
  they 're trying to kill worldwide fracking by not propping up the price of oil by reducing supply . 
   you understand the difference between loan and aid ? 
  the difference between a loan that 'll never be paid back and aid is semantics at best . 
   but ukraine will eat through your 12 billion in a few months , most of them going to corrupt politicians and not to the people . 
  this is true of everywhere we send aid . 
  fucking with russia is obviously the secondary reason , the first reason would be helping ukraine . 
  i thought that was obvious given the title of the submission . 
  and it 's not like the eu has n't given greece a ** quarter of a trillion euros ** already . . plus our foreign aid budget is our foreign aid budget . 
  it does n't have anything to do with the eu . 
  lastly , the situations are n't comparable . 
  ukraine is at war with russia . . you 're a , er , little bit skint . 
  hardly the same level of seriousness . 
  not really . 
  the saudis just did n't dial down production to prop up the price when the us started flooding the market . 
  is inaction , action ? 
   kick them out of swift issue an ultimatum first . 
  it really is a pretty big deal , and it needs to be presented to the world as a big deal . 
   seize the assets of russian oligarchs that live in the west you ca n't just rob people for no reason . 
  [ this is one of the better things i have saved on my computer . 
  yeah , but it 's fun to wind up russia . 
  if they did n't want us shit stirring then maybe they should n't have killed litvinenko in such a ridiculously brazen way . 
  they did n't have to do it like that . 
  putin did it to send a message not just to litvinenko , but to us too . 
  osborne said earlier in the year he was ready to reach for the cheque book when it came to ukraine . 
  seems like it 's time . 
  we should start more talk of cutting their access to swift too . 
  we do n't need to actually do it , of course . 
  i think everyone should chip in . 
  greater good , and that . 
  i imagine i 'm in a minority . 
  you think that little of spain ? 
  like america pushing down the price of oil with its increased production . 
  america do n't fuck about when it comes to economic warfare . 
  she can make money and crush an enemy all at the same time . 
  we should figure out the total cost of just properly bailing greece out and then just fucking pay it . 
  this has gone on too long . 
  it would increase confidence in the eu 10 fold . 
  just shut the fuck up already . 
  you 've not spoken to 100,000 people you goon . 
  you 're thinking of antique restoration . 
  easy mistake to make . 
  we 've imported all the poles we need !, 
  i disagree .
