   a country that constantly runs interference . 
  evidence for this ? 
  seems to be entirely rhetoric . 
  we 're your eurozone boogiemen . 
   the uk relies on it 's financial sector to pull the rest of the country out of the mud . 
  the financial services sector added ~ # 116bn ( around 3x bulgarias total gdp ) to our gdp in 2011 . 
  ca n't find more recent figures , but i doubt it 's drastically more now . 
  that would be a reduction of ~ 6.5 % of our gdp , if we lost * all * that income , which is a ridiculous prospect . 
  we 'd probably not even move on the global gdp rankings , and if we did we 'd still only drop one place . 
  hardly the mud , is it ? 
   without the eu they have nothing . 
  i think you 're projecting a bit . 
  ok , that was weird . 
  surprisingly provocative response . 
  i like it . 
  pretty wank navy we have . 
  the city of london has a few good ones if you become a freeman . 
   in england , the most extensive borough freedom is that conferred by the freedom of the city of london , first recorded in 1237 . 
  this is closely tied to the role and status of the livery companies . 
  from 1835 , the freedom `` without the intervention of a livery company '' has been bestowed by a general resolution of common council , by ` redemption ' ( purchase ) , at one time for an onerous sum , but now for a donation to the freemen 's school . 
  [ 8 ]  new freemen are enrolled in a ceremony in guildhall , when they receive a guide to conducting their lives in an honourable fashion and an impressive sealed certificate . 
  freemen 's children get admission preference at the city of london freemen 's school . 
  there are a number of rights traditionally but apocryphally associated with freemen -- the right to drive sheep and cattle over london bridge ; to a silken rope , if hanged ; to carry a naked sword in public ; or that if the city of london police finds a freeman drunk and incapable , they will bundle him or her into a taxi and send them home rather than throw them into a cell . 
  the truth is that we 're very vocal about legislation we do n't like , but if it gets voted through regardless then we tow the line and write it into local legislation more comprehensively than most of the major powers in the eu . 
  of all the major powers we have the least court cases against us for breaking or not following eu laws . 
  yes , less than germany even . 
  so we do this whole thing right . 
  we do n't passively vote through legislation we do n't agree with , then just ignore it . 
  how does that help anyone ? 
  yet that 's exactly what lots of eu countries do . 
  particularly the bigger players . 
  tories promised a referendum on the eu last election too . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq2n7omcsi0 does n't mean shit , lol . 
  that surely ca n't be all we have . 
  there 's no parliament if a queens speech is n't put together and accepted though , is there ? 
  i like the house of lords , though . 
  like it better than the commons . 
  only real problem i have with this is that it 'll increase the amount of cunting politicians . . 
   this idea that scottish mps lord it over english laws is nonsense . 
  correct , but scottish mp 's were famously used to pass tuition fees into law . 
  england voted down the proposal by labour to introduce tuition fees . 
  labour whipped their scottish mp 's into voting , and they voted knowing it has as near as matters no political fallout in scotland as education was already a devolved issue and would remain free in scotland regardless of the outcome of the vote . 
  it was so scummy of those labour mp 's in scotland . 
  kind of a moot point now labour have lost scotland . 
  still think we should sort it out , though . 
  could be an issue again in the future , and it 's generally no fair . 
  it 'll be just as disastrous for labour come next election . 
  he 'd be mad not to just roll the dice and go the redo election route . 
  might even win back a few of the snp seats because people will realise a vote for the snp is n't a proxy vote for labour . 
  so eds first act in power is to break his word ? 
  that 'll go down well . 
  i really think he has no interest in an snp coalition . 
  i think it 'll be a stalemate and we 'll get a reelection . 
  he might be able to claw back some or all of the seats in scotland that way . 
  he 's been campaigning on the idea of not being like other politicians who over promise and under deliver , so if he does go into coalition with the snp after saying he wo n't it 'll be the end of ed and likely the labour party for the foreseeable future . 
  seems legit . . 
  we are n't a bad tenant , though . 
  that 's mostly bullshit . 
  we 're vocal in our disapproval of eu policies , but we tow the line if they 're voted in anyway . 
  that 's what every member of the eu should be doing . . 
  being completely passive and then ignoring the laws that are made which they do n't like is what other eu countries do ( * cough * france * cough * ) . 
  we 're doing this whole eu thing right . 
   most people wo n't even notice when eu `` slips '' into a de-facto federal entity . 
  often claimed , but i disagree . 
  there 'll be a watershed moment when the eu does something that is n't in our interest and is impossible to ignore . 
  dc is n't going to get a majority and even with a lib dem coalition he wo n't have enough seats for a majority . 
  no one will get a majority . 
  i 'd like to know if a federation is seriously in the works . 
  as in , will it happen in the next 3-5 decades ? 
  because if it is , we 're best off just leaving now . 
  we 'll undoubtedly leave before it happens anyway , so we might as well rip the plaster off quick and restructure our economy now and avoid the turmoil later on when our economies are even more intertwined . 
  or anyone who is n't far left . 
  haha , i 've got a similar split but cons are 48 % . . our votes do n't even fucking matter , yaaay . 
  fuck it , vote whoever lol . 
  eh , well fair enough then i guess . 
  i mean , i do n't think there 's any greater form of austerity than the reduction of tax income that would result from some green party policies , but if you 're ideologically against austerity then they 're probably the party for you . 
  there 's more to the equation , though . 
  what were the results in your constituency last time around ? 
  which bit of their economic policy do you disagree with , and which bits of the greens do you like better ? 
  probably the tories or labour then . 
  6 seems like a relatively small number . 
  i 'm sure there 's a lot more than 6 top economists in the uk given our financial sector . 
  if this is 6 of 50 then i 'm not particularly impressed . 
  can you explain how that works in a practical sense ? 
  til that the sale of a business means there is no longer a owner of the business . 
  makes a lot of sense if you do n't think about it . 
   the green 's are n't the `` far left '' . 
  hahahaha . 
   ec658 we will gradually establish legal ways for companies to be transformed into mutual organisations , such as consumer or worker cooperatives in specified circumstances if a sufficient majority of the relevant workers or customers agree . 
  existing shares will be converted into non-voting equity or loan stock . 
  one important initial circumstance when this might be done is upon the sale of a small business or upon the death or retirement of the owner . 
  another initial application might be to football or other sporting clubs where a majority of the season ticket holders , supported by the wider local community , might want to bring a local club into mutual ownership . 
  in the longer run we would envisage some process of this kind applying , with appropriate safeguards , to all companies . 
  i do n't really know what socially center is . 
  there 's generally only left and right when it comes to social issues , no ? 
   allowing the dunkirk evacuation i thought that was because the supply lines were running to thin , not because of any goodwill on the side of the germans . 
  a tactical blunder is how i 've always known dunkirk . 
  lib dems are socially left and economically center . 
  if you 're going any further left than that you 're really venturing into make believe land . 
  yeah , i 'm just saying it 's pretty noble of them to support the removal of fptp when it benefits them greatly .
