  that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  solutions like this are how wind power will become viable . 
  we 'll need many , many more . 
   you just wait till nuclear war comes and you 've got no bloody electric !, 
  what about our tea ? 
  at least there 's ugly people on our soaps . 
  this made me kinda sad . 
  it 's not like it 's blind nationalism or anything like that , you 're celebrating doing something good for your country . 
  i love the stupid grin on that guys face though . 
  he was so happy and she publicly bitch slapped him . 
  them bloody muslamic ray guns . 
   england , scotland and wales all have their own cultural differences as well . 
  i do n't think they 're as big as each nation tends to make out though . 
  beyond politics and accent we 're all really similar . 
  never much culture shock , if any , when i travel between countries . 
  i always get really mad when i hear about hate crimes against sikhs . 
  i probably get madder than the sikhs do !, 
  there 's usually 1 or 2 after some kind of terrorist attack . 
  close the boarder . 
  i know how this ends . 
  zombie hoard incoming . 
  tea is serious business . 
  also , god damn us humans are clever . 
  kinda worked here in the uk . 
  i think generally the cultures are n't * that * different . 
  yeah . 
  if someone asks me here on reddit what nationality i am i always say british . 
  if someone in the street comes up to me , i 'd probably say english just because it 's more specific . 
  it completely depends on what was asked . 
  q : what nationality do you identify as ? 
  a : british . 
  q : what is your nationality ? 
  a : english . 
  probably because the latter seems like it 's just a qualifier question . 
  i find it so odd that americans seem to hate identifying as american . 
  it 's such a global powerhouse , yet they 'd rather call themselves irish or scottish for some reason . 
  it 's kinda infuriating even though it does n't impact my life in any manner . 
  guess that 's the english in me . . 
  more like ` can i interest you in this green hat ? 
  all irish people wear these giant novelty green hats . 
  it 's traditional attire . 
  ignore the ` fosters ' logo ... ', 
  i hate this so much . 
  ` ah , that must be the irish in me ! ', 
  said in a californian valley accent . 
  i actually had an irish grandmother that i knew and i 'd never dream of calling myself irish . 
  i 'm from england , always call myself british . 
  ` english ' is what you call yourself when you 're 12 years old . 
   sikhs are most british . 
  even though the look funny ( do n't hurt me for saying that ) , i still absolutely see sikhs as quintessentially british . 
  they 're almost like a throwback from the empire . 
  plus sikhism is a pretty cool religion . . 
  they 're complete bros and their religion is genuinely one of peace . 
  although do n't fuck with them !, 
  when the london riots were going out they were out there protecting shops from looters with the ceremonial weapons . 
  bad . 
  ass . 
  some real community spirit . 
  he 's been the only labour leader in a few years . 
  he 's a fucking wet blanket . . 
  yeah , she 's taking a lot of steroids . 
  just and fyi . 
  working out without steroids will not make a woman look manly . 
  yeah , i agree with that . 
  that 's not the argument they 're making time and time again , though . 
  i 'll have to start bookmarking them each time . 
   unlike , for example , the united states where the cultures of the individual states are similar enough that they are almost indistinguishable 8-10 separate times i 've had to argue with americans here on reddit that genuinely claim the difference between us states is as large as the difference between eu countries . 
  all we can really do is speculate . 
  i think it 's a bit of a stretch to claim it was americans who created the conditions . 
  i think the reality is that if france had n't pushed so hard for reparations , and then enforced them with an iron fist , then germany would have done much better after ww1 and maybe ww2 would n't have happened . 
  just because american might allowed france to be an arsehole does n't excuse france and shift all the blame onto america . 
  i still think it 's a real stretch to claim american interventionism helped cause ww2 . 
  and how about american interventionism in korea . . 
  i 'd say that ended pretty bloody well for south korea . 
  imagine if the north had got hold of the whole place . . 
  it 'd likely all be the shithole that nk currently is . 
   you 're forgetting that it was us interventionism in ww1 that created the conditions that led to ww2 . 
  how do you figure ? 
  france played a much bigger part in festering the conditions that led to ww2 by insisting on ` punishing ' germany for a war it was n't even responsible for . 
  america did n't want harsh treatment of germany after ww1 . 
  it was overruled by france and and to a lesser extent britain . 
  aka , predicting things . 
  you can look at all the polls , recent news articles , etc. . . or , you can just look at the betting markets because they 've done all that work for you . 
   you 're probably not fluent in any language but english , right ? 
  correct . 
  hopeless at languages . 
  tried french at school and even when i put in 100 % i got f 's . 
  i do n't * really * hold any real preference for english , although it does seem to be the most descriptive language from what i 've read about it . 
  that 's always useful . 
  plus the anglosphere accounts for about 1/4 of earths gdp , so if the world were to switch it makes sense to it . 
  plus it 's the most spoken language on earth too ... 
  so unless another language can make a claim to such titles , it makes sense for the world language to become english . 
  i just mean , as a human race going forward we 'd be better if everyone could innately understand each other . 
  ni and the falklands are staunchly british . 
  no fucking chance . 
  there 's more chance of england voting to split !, 
   the uk will do what it feels is best for itself . 
  this is true of every country . 
  we 're just more honest with our intentions . 
   i do n't think countries would be wiped off the map with more unification .
