  not having to constantly fight france , and only having indians on horseback as an enemy on our biggest neighbour would change things considerably . 
  this assumes we floated over there attached to christopher columbus 's ship . 
  disagree strongly . 
  oh , look at mr popular !, 
   zhirinovsky such a nutter . 
  how is he in a position of power ? 
   their backassward logic is that if russia uses tactical nukes on europe and the us it will show us what the risks are and therefor we will back down . 
  they have no idea how vengeful the average american citizen would be after such an attack . 
  remember after 9/11 ? 
  they wanted blood instantly , and that was just two buildings worth of people . 
  wow . 
  i bet torpedoing one of those would create a pretty mental explosion . 
   not sure if russia wo n't sell to us because of our gay rights yeah , that 's probably it ... ... 
  importing gas by sea ? 
  how does that work ? 
   mirror.co.uk definitely not unsubstantiated bullshit clickbait title ... 
  still , i hope it 's true !, 
  he was n't saying it is . 
  it also does n't look that cool from the vantage point of a random street . 
  lol . 
  they 've put a blue tint on it . 
  if i was going to guess , i 'd guess they 're northern irish . 
  honestly , i think hungary wins and then ours comes second . 
  it 's close , though . 
  the scale of ours is better . 
  well i 've only been to the british museum sooooo ... 
  if it 's perishable just cook as much as you can , hand it out and let the rest perish . 
  surely that 's better than just letting it all perish . 
  our capability has n't shrunk since the falklands if you ignore the lack of a carrier . 
   i should have worded my post differently . 
  france is the only european army that has proved it can operate abroad on its own . 
   the uk is most certainly capable of same feats , it just has n't shown it yet . 
  er , the falklands war . 
  and our armed forces were shite back then . 
  years of chronic under investment . 
  we 're in a much better position now , even without a functioning aircraft carrier , but that will be remedied anyway by 2020 . 
  it 's going to be pretty damn capable after 2025 , though . 
  5 new submarines , 13 new frigates , 2 new aircraft carriers ( well , maybe ) , plus the type 45 's we already have . 
  i did mean france . 
  edited . 
  i too think it 's pretty unlikely , but there 's still a chance . 
  i hope they do n't . 
  i think they 're pretty damn brave if they do , since as far as i can tell there 's a bunch of huge unknowns hovering over the independence debate . 
  yes . 
  in terms of an effective fighting force france and the uk have the vast majority of military power in the eu . 
  not spending , mind you . 
  eu spend is about 190bn euros and the uk and france make up about 90bn euros of that figure . 
  but the other 100bn euros is spread around the rest of the eu countries with great inefficiency . 
  france and the uk also hold the eu 's entire nuclear arsenal . 
  well until i read a comment in this thread i did n't even know they existed . 
  soooo . . generally the entire eu has a disjointed balance of military power with the vast majority belonging to britain and france . 
  germany could have a decent military if they wanted , but the political will is n't there at all . 
  er , what the fuck ? 
  i mean , either you 've gradually blown what was said out of proportion and are paraphrasing or your family are cunts . 
  the solution is to get equally drunk and equally as opinionated . 
  say something inflammatory and watch sparks fly !, 
  most of the world reads the daily mail to be fair . 
  it 's the biggest news site on the internet . 
  this is how i feel about scotland . 
  there was a 10 minute period of no politics . 
  / r/darknetmarkets / r/darknetmarketsnoobs  getting bitcoin is a bit of a pain in the arse , but other than that it was pretty much like buying something off ebay . 
  maybe i did n't do enough , but it was n't a game changer . 
  it was just fun having colours going all over the place . 
  i got it from the darkmarkets online . 
  not a fan . 
  lsd was good though . 
  bbc , clearly . 
  they lack an opinion as much as they can , which is very useful . 
  i know that if i had less access to meat products than i did yesterday , i 'd determine that to be a failure of my government !, 
  are you born into church membership then , or do your parents enrol you ? 
  to be fair , do n't most germans still pay a church tax ? 
  it 's not like they 're completely secular when they 're raising money for churches via the tax system . 
  wo n't this piss off russians more than it will us ? 
  someone crack a windows . 
  oh , in that case it 's probably pretty darn efficient then . 
  i thought it was just a bunch of politicians knocking about in there . 
  a guy from montreal painting brits in a bad light . 
  i guess you can take the french out of france , but you ca n't take the france out of the french . . ( example of banter , fyi . ), 
  i met an american recently . 
  i made a joke about romney . 
  she said she voted romney . 
  it went downhill from there . 
  both candidates were complete wank , but come on !, 
  that 's probably because they ca n't into banter and think we 're actually being mean when we 're just taking the piss in a friendly way . 
  is n't pork just about your biggest export to everywhere ? 
  all my pork products say denmark on them . 
  aka , the party ship !, 
  your most economically damaging export was probably the siesta . 
  no one should wake up twice a day . 
   reminiscing on past glories is good and all but times have changed . 
  ** you take that back !, 
  who are these 13 % without a smart phone/laptop ?? 
  surely it 's not even worth using . . 
  the heating and maintenance requirements alone surely make it cheaper to just build a new building and use that . 
   yeah , the exact attitude the union could do without . 
  feel free to leave . 
  it 's just realpolitik . 
   you ca n't choose not to have chains , just choose which chains are worth having . 
  well , you 're not wrong . 
  but a genuine political dependency is a much bigger chain than than some soft dependency such as trade .
