  yeahno . 
   the eu meanwhile is doing the smart thing - basically relying on the us for most defense spending which means it will never be a military superpower like the us is and ussr was , but it really does n't need to be one anyway . 
  it 's not smart . 
  it 's not smart at all , imo . 
  within the next 50 odd years lack of energy dependence is going to fuck us all . 
  when the resources start to become scarce , the sticks will be brought out . 
  and the usa probably wo n't want to use their stick to protect us when we 're its competitor for resources . 
  luckily we have nukes . . we 'd need a first strike policy though , which is terrifying . 
   they are also technologically behind , and are very reliant on the west for that . 
  and equally important , they 're culturally behind by probably a century if i 'm being honest . 
  china is seriously lacking in imagination and an education system that fosters imagination . 
  there 's a reason so many chinese people come to western universities to study . 
  there 's also a huge culture of cheating . . none of this gets you ahead . 
  at best it gets you on par with whoever you 're copying/cheating from . 
  they have a numbers advantage though , so they will still get some ( aka , a fucking load ) citizens who think like westerners . 
  so who knows . 
   i notice that most of them will repeat claims that the russian government makes about the local situation , and at most will place quotation marks around things that are often a total fabrication . 
  that 's fine . 
  they 're reporting what the russians said happened , and not necessarily what happened . 
  this has been standard journalism since forever , no ? 
  i think it 's kind of irresponsible reporting to * not * mention what the russians claim . 
  no i did n't , and no i did n't . 
  how would you even know the latter ? 
  also , not an urban legend . 
  who said it was my first reaction ? 
  it 's an evil thing to happen either way . . no one 's questioning that . 
  it 's still ironic . 
  i enjoy commenting on your posts because you post the exact same thing as a reply regardless of what i comment . 
  the boston bombings were ironic , btw . 
  a city that openly allowed pubs to collect donations for the ira getting attacked by terrorists ? 
  it 's the epitome of ironic , regardless of how that makes you feel . 
  i never said it was ` well deserved ' . 
  that 's what sewing the canadian flag onto your backpack is for . 
  the only place such drivel would be upvoted is somewhere like / r/politics or somewhere else with a large amount of self loathing 18 year old americans . 
   and we 'd have stayed an empire instead of becoming a shitty democracy . 
  trust me , you 'd not have stayed an empire for long . 
  just look how none of the empires are around today . 
  they all dissolved . 
  also , if you wanted to remain an empire for a bit longer maybe you should n't have messed with da best . 
  wooooo . 
  back to back world war cham-pi-onnnssss . 
  this is as absurd as me saying i hate your country because of hitler . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm british , but we generally blame the french for the tough reparations . 
  i mean we blame the french for everything , though . 
  sooo . 
  it 's populist to pretend the usa is the worst thing ever . 
  vastly superior . 
   there is no referendum to cancel . 
  the bill was killed in the lords . 
  hm , did n't hear about that . 
  once again our unelected house comes to the rescue . 
  remind me why we bother with democracy ? 
   they are banking , probably rightly , that getting rid of the tories at all costs will easily trump the eu debate . 
  far more bitching is occurring about the tories than the eu . 
  yes , but i wonder if that 's actually changed anyones opinion or if the bitching is just from the same people who were never going to vote tory anyway . 
   however if labour win the next general election it will put an end to this referendum talk . 
  why do you say that ? 
  labour would n't legally be bound by the conservatives promise to hold a referendum , however politically they 'd look pretty bad if they decided not to hold one . 
  the only way they get away with it is if they campaign heavily with promises of cancelling the referendum . 
  which they wo n't do , because it 'll lose them votes with the lowerclass/underclass which is classically their voter base . 
  it 's mainly because no one gives a fuck about the european elections in the uk . 
  i 'm probably more politically aware than a lot of people my age ( 25 ) and even i barely give a shit , which i know will be an unpopular opinion here . 
  i 'm not even sure when the vote is or how to vote . . 
  it 's not a big deal over here at all for the general populace . 
  europe is europe , and we are us . 
  that 's very much the attitude . 
  being part of the eu allows free movement and some decent trade deals . . 
  most people get that . 
  beyond that , i do n't think there 's much to care about . 
  the only people care , are the people that really want out . 
  that 's why ukip will likely win , because the only people taking the european elections seriously here in the uk are the people who actually give a fuck about the eu , and generally that 'll be people who want * out * of the eu . 
  the status quo is n't something people generally fight for . 
  do you have an irish grandparent or parent ? 
  you can get irish citizenship if you do . 
  that 's my get out of jail free card if shit goes down . 
   but i 'd take the employment figures with a pinch of salt as they do not account for underemployment zero hour contracts ? 
  the figures take them into account , as the figures produced are based on part time and full time hours . 
  what a complete load of populist wank . 
  when the options are russia or the usa , it 's a no brainer . 
   full use of the eu 's existing fossil fuels , including coal and shale gas finally some good news for wales . 
  we 're currently operating a coalition . . 
  oh yeah , how silly of me . 
  pmq 's is one of the best bits . 
  a system that allows the mp 's to directly call out the pm on live tv , every week , is a good thing . 
  you 're just unable to see past the rabbling and see the genuine positive impact it gives to the political system . 
  the rabbling is merely a form of expression . 
  strength training , 3 times a week . 
  i 've never thought about that before . 
  i do n't really know why our newspapers are so bad . 
  i could n't even theorize on the reasoning . 
  i honestly do n't know where to start . 
  26 million unemployed in the whole of the eu ? 
  is it really that low ? 
  5.2 % seems low . 
  i reckon you 're more european than me if those are your qualifications . 
   i think if it were n't for britain , ireland would not have been accepted into the eu when it was . 
  i do n't think we were wanted in the project originally . 
  well thank fuck for that , eh ? 
  if this country goes full retard and votes us out of the eu then my backup plan is to claim that irish citizenship i 'm apparently entitled to !, 
   i have almost no affinity with england at all , despite living my entire life in the country , and just as you feel like british is a bit irrelevant i think the english identity is a bit irrelevant , for me at least .
