  25 % of eu mp 's are eurosceptics . 
  that 's a huge amount and ca n't be attributed to us alone . . to think we 're the only country that dislikes the eu is ignorant . 
  lets be honest , it 's likely that you only consume your countries news media , and ours . 
  well , unless you speak every european language . . 
  so you 're more exposed to our opinion of the eu than you are the rest of europes . 
  do we have the highest amount of eu disapproval ? 
  yes . 
  by a wide margin ? 
  no , not as wide as you 're making out . 
   uk are in the minority here , and you can complain how much you do n't like it , but something that enjoys almost unanimous support across the whole eu will not be changed because of a loud minority . 
  lets face it , though . . 
  it might . 
  even if it 's just an amendment to the laws to say the uk is excluded . 
  every other country can enjoy freedom of movement between themselves if they want . 
  plus we always have the nuclear option of leaving the eu too , but with growing euroscepticism all over the continent that 'd likely cause more damage than simply letting us limit immigration . 
  impossible to steal , though . 
  what warranty do dacias come with ? 
  ` would you like a bite of this shit sandwich ? ', 
   also are countries with 13th-month paycheques ( italy ? 
  spain ? 
  greece ? ), 
  factored in ? 
  woah , wait a sec . 
  that 's a thing ? 
  that 's astronomically expensive . 
  what on earth ? 
  this is the equivalent of someone trying to tax metal at 2000 % during the industrial revolution . 
  rip industrial revolution . 
  rape fantasy is one of the most popular sexual fantasies . 
  it does n't mean everyone actually wants to rape people . . 
  this is all so dumb . 
  he 'll be on the sex offenders register for life now because he looked at a drawing . 
  so absurd . 
  think of a popular uk based site . 
  use . eu instead of . co.uk and see what happens . 
  probably quite popular , but never used . 
  as in anyone with a normal business domain probably purchased the . eu version when it came out but do n't publish it . 
  letter writing is the pinnacle of human achievement to large bureaucracies . 
  they all value letters more highly than action . 
  remind me tomorrow to write a letter about curing world hunger . 
  what about antarctic territory ? 
  details ? 
  never heard that before . 
   not to mention , barroso never addressed military issues . 
  then why did he mention :  `` the fight against islamic state '' as one of the things the uk will be less effective at outside the eu ? 
   france does n't share the same opinion , not even close . 
  i never claimed they did . 
  the post was from the british point of view . 
   and even now as we speak there are plans in motion for such structures to be developed between france , germany , poland , spain and italy , see how there is no uk there ? 
  through choice . 
   britain 's influence will not diminish , but only because it 's already non-existent , stop trying to act like america , because you 're not . 
  where am i trying to act like america ? 
  i hate it so much . 
  it makes no sense . 
  i 'm semi glad , because / r/ingerlund might have actually been popular , and that would have been embarrassing for everyone involved . 
  at least we can wipe our hands of / r/inglin . 
  from the telegraph too . 
  what is going on ? 
  i was under the impression that it was our faulty intelligence that lead to the iraq war . 
  we already have a close alliance with france via the lancaster house treaties . 
  that 's ~ 50 % of the eu 's firepower right there ... 
  the extra 50 % is n't worth involving the other 26 countries who all have different values and historical relations with countries . 
  the way i see it is we can either fight at half capacity with the okay of just two nations , or we can fight at full capacity with the full cooperation of all 28 member states . 
  which will literally never happen . 
  less countries involved , the better . 
  we have nato anyway . 
  anyway that 's beside the point , his argument is that the uk will have less influence in military matters outside of the eu which is concentrated bollocks , basically . 
  the eu does n't have any military might regardless of whose ` fault ' that is . 
  feel free to expand on that . 
  twice the population of iceland ... yeah , no . 
  honestly , i 'm in a state of almost constant apathy when it come to the eu but this guy is getting my back up . . 
  he 's talking complete nonsense . 
  what a terrible ambassador for the eu . 
   he will note the uk would have less impact on climate change , the fight against islamic state , and efforts to contain russia if it did not act as part of the eu . 
  what a complete load of shit . 
  the eu is doing next to nothing about any of those other than climate change . 
  those are things in particular that i 'd list if i wanted to show places where the eu is ineffective . 
  it 's a french word !, 
  all the signs were there !, 
  but honestly , i thought it was a mostly us/uk lead coup . 
  but most of us are europe apathetic . 
  i 'm reasonably politically switched on and i barely give a shit either way . 
  yeah , but that 's in the past . 
  there was a peace process 'n stuff . 
   a strong connection to italy sure . 
  we 're the original odd couple !, 
  what did iceland do to piss you off ? 
  gradient of love . 
  ( his flair is n't his home country ), 
  several is more than 2 , not 2 . 
  list the several times . 
  another fear for a lot of people is a loss of british identity and culture . 
  the same level of ease is n't wanted . . that 's the point . 
  it 's * meant * to be harder according to an increasingly large amount of our population . 
  the argument would be that who the fuck would want to go work in bulgaria or romania ? 
  if it were open borders with france , germany , etc no one would give a flying shit about immigration . 
  does n't make sense to love us , but mixed feelings the yanks if the nsa is your yard stick . 
  gchq are at least , if not more , competent than the nsa . 
  one little coup and you get put on the shitlist for life . 
  like russia , dislike ireland .
