  i wish i could buy a studio apartment for that . . 
  who the hell would trade their currency ? 
  it 'd be almost worthless instantly . 
  throwing good money after bad at this point . . 
  the lords are trying to keep scotland . 
  good on them . 
  oh right , but you 're 100 % renewable ? 
  prison is a community . . 
   so they should be allowed to influence the communities they have already harmed ? 
  yes , because they 're still part of that community . 
  that 's completely irrelevant . 
  finally , my bat fucking pays off !, 
   same with prisoners , they should continue to loose the right to vote . 
  if anything , they have more reason to vote . 
  if you take away someones vote , they have no recourse to being indiscriminately shat on by the political parties . 
  i thought iceland ran entirely off geothermal ? 
  because strongly worded letters are extremely effective , right ? 
   hah , the uk that will withdraw from the eu in 2017 ? 
  that just means even more of our usual investors will be considered ` foreign ' :p, 
  seriously . 
  talk about dumbing down news . . 
  i thought the exact same thing and figured that 's why there 's such ` intense debate ' around it . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  something a little more subtle , maybe ? 
  i like to think aliens would laugh at how big an issue it is on earth when it really means very little . 
  japanese cars are built here . 
  we 're japans foot in the eu door , are n't we ? 
   balls to that , if anything the past five years has proved we 're quite capable of looking after ourselves . 
  we did shit up until 2013 though . . other countries out performed us . 
  just do fuck off . 
  meant in the nicest possible way , of course . 
  it 's just tiring . 
   i would like to purchace 19944 thickets [ ni !, 
  the thing is , if we stay at least we 'll all be a bit shit together . 
  if we leave , we could be shit and they could do well . 
  then we 've got 25 prosperous countries on our doorstep and we 're treading water as the runt of the continent . 
  i 'd rather we all do well , or we all do shit . 
  it 's keeping up with the jones 's init . 
  we 'd surely already be doing that if it were cost effective . 
  i do like the idea of boosting african countries economies though . 
  we owe them , really . 
   it also begs the question , would we be just as prosperous outside the eu ? 
  in the past the argument was made that no we would n't , but as i 've said the longer that the eurozone remains mired in near recession like conditions and we do n't the less convincing that argument will be . 
  the thing is , while we have a trade deficit and that * in theory * means we 'd almost certainly get favourable trade terms since we 're a bit of a cash cow i would n't put it past france to push for a bad trade deal just to spite us and weaken us . 
  their anti brit rhetoric recently has been rather strong . 
  particularly in regards to the financial transaction tax which is a clear ` fuck you ' to us , imo . 
  tl ; dr i do n't trust them enough to leave their little club . 
  sunglasses and top hats . 
  i do n't know what to think . 
  guy on right looks daper as fuck though . 
  lol , the cost is about the same . 
  we might as well , imo . 
  it 's a revolution . 
  the trebupult . 
   well , no , we 're protected by the entirety of the eu oh okay , uk and france then . 
  what is a loss for the us , is a win for the us military industrial complex . 
  neutral because they do n't have a military and share a land boarder with the uk , which essentially means they 're protected by the uk for free . 
  first port of call is always to shit all over belgium . 
  everyone knows that . 
   german post-wwii public opinion regarding war was that war is bad , so participating in it must be immoral . 
  they 're just quitting cold turkey . 
  no one expects an alcoholic to ` just have one drink ' :p, 
   number killed during occupy wall street ( total ) in the us worldwide : 32 lol , 32 idiots died for no reason ? 
  those protests did n't even have a fucking goal . 
  what a waste of life . 
   i think it should be made compulsory that everybody is fluent in at least two languages . 
  first off , how do you make it compulsory for people to learn anything ? 
  secondly , i choose c++ . 
  does n't stop / r/france . 
  i honestly do n't think france counts as a ` cultural superpower ' any more . 
  you have a lot of culture inside of france and it 's a lovely country with an extremely rich history , great food , great wine and you make some great films too . . 
  but your export market for all those things is reasonably small . 
  the anglosphere is much more homogeneous culturally than the francosphere . 
  for example , someone comes over from one anglosphere country to another anglosphere country and there 's going to be very little culture shock and no one is going to think they stand out or do n't belong . 
  what happens in france when african francophones come over and want to live in france . 
  from what i can tell , a clash of cultures which france is publicly dealing with at the moment . 
  plus the anglosphere is militarily and economically the powerhouse of the world and will probably remain that way in years to come thanks to india . 
  english has its foot in the door for the emerging new world superpowers . 
  it 's unlikely anything else will survive in the long long term . 
   and here is the biggest problem . 
  why would you need to learn smaller , regional languages , if you can just learn english ? 
  that sounds like a solution rather than a problem . . 
   but the idea of everyone ( and often people who speak other languages as well ) using english while english natives are in their overwhelming majority monolingual does n't really feel right . 
  it 's not our fault that the anglosphere is strong . 
  okay , technically it is . 
  if hollywood was instead located in france and france was the economic powerhouse of the world , we 'd almost certainly not be so monolingual . 
  there 's just not enough reason to learn a fringe language when our native one is spoken by so many people , and in particular the most economically and militarily powerful group of countries on earth . 
  the effort : reward ratio is much less for native english speakers to learn french than native french speakers to learn english . 
  they learn english , they get access to converse with 1.5 bn people . 
  we learn french , we get access 350m people minus the ones that already learned english . 
  we fill our cars with petrol in litres , then we measure our fuel consumption in miles per gallon . 
  you ca n't explain that !, 
  shooting stones out of a cannon puts you right back into that ` real bullets ' zone though . . 
  ` we have 1600 's technology and we 're not afraid to use it ! ', 
  i 'm confused by your use of tense . 
   language is n't only about dialogue . 
  never claimed it was . 
  it 's clearly its primary and most important use , though . 
   and you have interest in english being the dominant language . 
  possibly .
