  the us getting a nuke would have ended the war eventually anyway , but with how many more years of war ? 
  first off , he did n't join until germany invaded . 
  it was a surprise attack and stalin expected it much further into the future . 
  secondly , so ? 
  i took shanking 101 at leeds . 
  very in depth course . 
  the thing is , there 's literally no haters in this thread . 
  even though i somewhat baited them with my original post , lol . 
  selfish reasons only . 
  i rag on americans for whining , and i do n't want them to be able to point at us as a counter example . 
  lets not do the whole persecution complex thing the yanks do . 
  he did n't imply that cern was a university . 
   i 'd imagine us states would also sometimes benefit from individual foreign policy , yet a centralized policy with one voice brings innumerable advantages . 
  yes , i 'm sure the whole world is very happy about the centralized foreign policy of the usa . . that 's an argument * against * , imo . 
   sure , schengen does n't work for us but that 's because we 're an island . 
  why does that make a difference ? 
  is there a recent list of net contributors ? 
  i do n't think we 're second . 
  [ or this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6203oirc0i ), 
   neither the soviets nor the allies could win if the other was n't also fighting the nazis . 
  nor the * other * allies . . 
  important distinction . 
  the allies included the soviets . 
  a fact that we 've gradually been trying to downplay for the past 70 odd years after it became apparent that stalin was a git . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  i was just backing you up . 
  i never mentioned art . 
  i agree with what you said . 
   `` imagination is more important than knowledge . 
  for knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand , while imagination embraces the entire world , and all there ever will be to know and understand . ''  -- albert einstein do n't breed a nation of imaginative idiots , but it 's still very important to not actively try and kill imagination at every turn . 
  it 's one of our greatest assets as humans . 
  more accurate headline would be ` british public do n't know much about much ' . . 
  which is entirely accurate for most countries . 
  no , the bbc is great . 
  they do n't operate a newspaper though . . newspapers are the problem . 
  our television news is very good , imo . 
  opinion free for the most part and sticks to the facts . 
  those slaaaggsss . 
  i usually use factor 35 + if i 'm going to be out in the sun . 
  if i apply it every 45 minutes , it helps a lot . 
  but odds of me actually keeping that up after i get drunk ? 
  next to ziltch . 
  this is why i find it hard to complain when people say the country is just run by the oxford/cambridge elite and we 're not a proper democracy . . good ? 
  it 's a good thing that a lot of our people do n't have a say in how the country is run . 
  [ this might be of some interest . 
  i 've had it bookmarked for a while , so i 'm not sure if everything said is still relevant . . ] ( http://studiotendra.com/2012/12/29/what-is-actually-going-on-in-iceland/ ), 
  lol , no . 
  nowhere near enough for a serious battle . 
  dropping a few bombs on some brown people with ak47 's , sure . 
  up against a competent and modern military even 2 % is n't anywhere near enough . 
  no need to be like that . 
  how would you feel if the eu decided to levy a tax on whatever it is finland does ? 
  filthy bugger . 
  stupid git . 
  two gooduns for free . 
  nah , it 's just how the world plays out . 
  there does n't have to be anyone behind it , it 's just an accepted thing . 
  like gravity , and listening to adele . . 
  my original point was that no average citizen ( 99 % ) lost out . 
  it 's the average citizen losing out and therefore losing confidence in the system that causes economic problems . 
  your original argument is that the usa let banks fail . 
  it did , but only investment banks . 
  only banks where the worst hit were the mega rich . 
  as long as the 99 % keep their confidence in the system , it 'll keep chugging along and the 1 % can make their money back . 
  so basically , letting banks fail has to be on a case by case basis . 
  and i 'd argue that ever letting a high street bank fail is economic suicide . 
  ` sold off ' is a term to be used very loosely in the context of wumu . 
  the government essentially confiscated it from the shareholders and gave it to jp morgan for a token amount if they promised to make good on the deposits . 
  if the shareholders had their say they 'd probably have decided to own the ashes than sell for cents on the dollar . 
  then there would have been * real * problems . 
  you really ca n't point at it as a consumer bank being allowed to fail . 
  it failed in name only , not in function . 
  son of a. . . 
  only the shareholders got screwed . 
   [ all deposit accounts , which include checking , savings , money market , cds , brokered accounts and retirement accounts have been transferred to jpmorgan chase bank , national association , columbus , ohio ( jpmorgan chase bank ) regardless of the dollar amount . 
  no one lost any money that was deposited in washington mutual bank . 
  if you had an account with washington mutual bank , you now have an account with jpmorgan chase bank . 
  ] ( http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/wamu_q_and_a.html#my_account ) it proves nothing . 
   this is why the us recovered quicker from the financial crisis than europe , because tons of banks failed : morgan stanley , lehman brothers , washington mutual ect . 
  there 's a ** huge ** economic difference between a high street bank failing and an investment bank failing . 
  when an investment bank goes under , you lose the confidence of 1 % of the population . 
  when a commercial bank goes under , you lose the other 99 % . 
  the 99 % are the ones really at the helm of any countries economy . 
  you lose their confidence and shit goes down the pan pretty quickly . 
  on the default subs the jerk is out of this world . . 
  i hope they bring back terry wogan . 
  he seemingly just gets more drunk and bitter as the contest goes on . 
  why betting sites and not , well , a bank account ? 
  [ oh yesss ] ( http://demonsresume.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/mud.jpg ) serious consideration was painting my entire body each day . 
  smurf one day ... 
  okay , i 'm out of ideas after smurf . 
  but you get the idea !, 
  sunrise is at 5:30 am and sunset is at 8pm . . that 's a long time to be under a tree !, 
  looks like i 'm just going to have to hear about it from friends : /, 
  oh you cheeky chappy m8 . 
  i do n't know how it is on the continent , but regardless of size there 's always a ton of drugs at festivals . 
   its usually like 35-42 degrees yep , fuck that noise . 
  i hate my skin . . 
  excludes me from so much fun . 
  wait , i thought the idea was to implement this eu wide ?
