  and what do people do when in a hostage situation ? 
  they look for an exit . 
  and you think other eu countries will love the idea of germany/france throwing their weight around against a uk who democratically decided to quit the eu ? 
  it would send an awful message to be punitive when it came to negotiations . . also , as powerful as france and germany are in the eu . . 
  if the other countries are disgruntled they can easily make germany and frances lives very difficult . 
  and i think being punitive towards us would rile them up big time . 
   to hurt it , to bring the uk so much grief no other country can even think about following them . 
  at which point it 's a hostage situation and will end badly regardless . 
  also , you think we would n't fight back ? 
  and no , i obviously do n't mean war . 
  but we have a lot of soft power . . 
   to me this discussion is a bit like that of vaccines . 
  once vaccines start to succeed people tend to forget how bad it was , and dismissing its importance . 
  ugh , comparing anti-eu sentiment to antivaxxers ? 
  come on . 
  at least attempt to be less emotive with your argument . 
  and the war argument is pretty piss poor . 
  we 're not going to be going to war with the french or germans any time soon . 
  it was n't the eu that 's been stopping us from warring , it 's the fact we had two world wars on our doorstep and there 's no will for a third . 
  yeah , i 'd just like absolute clarification . 
  never underestimate a politicians ability to fuck everything up . 
  i might be tempted to vote out ( it 's just too complicated , and recent events with greece and ukraine show it 's impotent to boot ) but i 'd need reassurance that the current eu nationals who have made a home here would n't be chucked out , and could apply for some kind of expedited residency visa . 
  i do n't like the idea of my vote ousting people who 've chosen to live in this country . 
  i 've become quite disillusioned by the eu in general . 
  and the fucking cookie warning on every site i go to is doing my fucking head in . 
  that was some proper dumb fuck legislation . 
  it 's achieved absolutely nothing of value . 
  1 ) you think the demographic issue can only be solved by immigration , which is n't true . 
  we 've got a problem because of how many children were born after ww2 , but it 'll mostly correct itself as that generation dies off . 
  2 ) 80/20 split is incorrect . 
  it 's closer to 90/10 . . 3 ) ` historically , it always does ' < = i 'd love to see the historical precedent for that statement . 
  4 ) you pulled the whole ` you used to be cool , britain !, 
  why are n't you cool ? 
  come on , go on the old canyon rope bridge ! ', 
  which is a stupid argument to make . 
  no one cares what we used to be . 
  the future is what 's important . 
   your politicians are so pathetic . 
  britain , once a world superpower dominating half of the world , is literally disappearing . 
  how can any british person not be angry about this ? 
  because basically everything you just said is a load of old pish ? 
   this is very , very sad . 
  it is nothing short of blatant discrimination . 
  it is racism 101 , and the people of europe should feel ashamed . 
  actually , it 's because they 're poor as shit and uneducated . 
  we have enough natives that fit that description . . we do n't need to import more thanks . 
  you expect isis to make that distinction ? 
  usa firearm homicides = 3.55 per 100,000 people uk firearm homicides = 0.05 per 100,000 people [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ) so , er , yeah . 
  they 're working pretty well if you ask me . 
  netherlands gun related homicide rate = 0.2 per 100,000 people uk gun related homicide rate = 0.05 per 100,000 people [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ) if we 're the 51st state then what are you ? 
  texas ? 
  bore off . 
  [ the last reply here details the selection process . 
  ] ( https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/vetting_of_authorised_firearms_o_3 ), 
  greek politics has to be the most retarded politics on the planet at the moment . 
  that 's the advantage of only putting guns in the hands of a few police . . you can train those few police to a much higher standard than you could train all police . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwfu0wz6igg i mean , look at that draw !, 
  and on top of that , he did n't take the shot . 
  also , notice how the armed police at first approach the suspects with * their * hands up . 
  i 've got to say , in general i 'm very happy with the professionalism of our police . 
  suicide by cop , most likely . 
  despatches is well respected . 
  should be interesting to see if the tories can pull it off . 
  they 've cut corporation tax , which should free up some money for wages . 
  i have a feeling they 'll be cutting corporation tax again a few times before the end of this parliament . 
  probably with each minimum wage increase step . 
  regardless , he did it anyway . 
  he 's the electable face of the tory party , and i think his backbenchers realise they do n't have a hope in hell of getting elected without being a lot more centrist . 
  as for the porn ban . . mumsnet values more than christian values . 
  search google for ` so porn site : mumsnet.com ' and read the threads . . those were the votes he was trying to win . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that the amount of insecure housewives is much higher than the amount of practicing christians . 
  and ? 
  they did n't cost the british tax payer anything , and in return they are n't charged anything . 
  fair . 
  more fool their respective countries for educating their people for free only to see them leave the country as soon as they can . 
  christian values ? 
  they legalized gay marriage . . 
  i 'll agree that they do n't seem to know their arse from their elbow when it comes to the internet , though . 
  this budget has shown clearer than ever that the tories are now firmly a centrist party . 
  they 're clearly both partial to a cheeky nandos . 
  grants turned into loans , only repayable if earning over # 21k . . hardly devastating . 
  they 'll kick up a fuss about anything though . 
  if they get a better job thanks to their uni education , why should n't they pay more for the privilege ? 
  the whole student loan system is just a graduate tax by another name . . 
  but it also has an expiration , so it 's better than a normal graduate tax . 
  that was a blinder of a budget . 
  decimated labour by beating their pre-election promise of a minimum wage of # 8 by 2020 . 
  tories have committed to a # 9 minimum wage by 2019 . 
  it 's currently # 6.50 . 
  and everyone 's standing around after an extremely sensible budget and thinking ' i thought the lib dems were meant to be the moderating factor ... ' it seems they were just fucking things up for 5 years . 
  traditionally you 'd expect a governments first budget to be the least agreeable , but that 's not the case at all here . 
  but tax law ? 
  lol . 
  i do n't think any country can really expect tourists to have a working knowledge of their tax law . 
  lol , asking tourists to help enforce tax policy . 
  better get rid of all benefits because one jebend receives them . . as if benefit claimants have n't been victimised enough by the media , now they 've got the added stigma of getting affiliated with isis . . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm really unconvinced of that argument generally . 
  i think it 's just that we have a bit of a myth surrounding our country that the streets are paved with gold . 
  you know , if you polish up that bit you could have a promising career as a left wing stand up comedian 30 years ago .
