  not even to match inflation . . 
  strange how things work out . 
  at least inflation is low this year . 
  i 'll have to keep an eye out . 
  they 're all run by genuine slightly brown people around my area . 
  an indian or pakistani man . 
  the last thing you do is shit yourself . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen beef as an option for curry at any curry house . 
  lamb is the only dark meat they ever offer . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_fiscal_autonomy_for_scotland they call it devo max . 
  a federal setup , basically . 
  they do n't really want independence , they want devo max . 
  but that 's not an option , so they want to craft a semi devo max kind of situation . 
   the tax rates , the tax bands , the types of taxation , and such like , are all set by westminster . 
  scotland act 2012 , though . . 
  wait , so it 's legal to make spyware ? 
   a lot of people here do want to federalise i would n't go that far . . 
  i 've never seen such a successful colonisation . 
  literally 100 % of americans identify as irish . 
  it 's staggering . 
  we have something similar . 
  we call it scotland . 
  lol , i just read what the swedish democrats stand for . 
  nuclear family , renegotiate eu membership , introduce life without parole and a public register for paedophiles , reduce multicultural spending , lower taxes for the old and reduce immigration . 
  they 're ukip of sweden and they got 13 % of the vote . 
  basically , see . . 
  it 's not just us . 
  we get so much shit for ukip existing . 
  haha , that headline . 
  i 'm stuck . 
  i feel bad for them , but on the flip side i 'm kind of proud that we have at least one competent government agency . 
  and i think it 's fair to say that as the world gets more and more connected the internet will be the battleground of the future . 
  it 's because gchq is a government agency and the failed it projects are often fobbed off to private contractors who know they can word the contract so they get paid without ever doing any of the work . 
  for those who are unaware . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darien_scheme you know it 's bad when the nickname for your scheme just replaces the word scheme with disaster . 
  rule one of empire is always to invade somewhere that 's already quite nice . 
  sweden sounds strange . 
  does everyone live with their parents into old age or something ? 
  i live closer to all my friends than i do any of my family , and that seems about right to me . 
  i 'd have thought that was the case for most people . 
   it was my first vote in sweden after leaving the uk . 
  i 've got to say , i 'm pretty glad you went elsewhere if you vote like that !, 
  that 's exactly how taking in refugees should function . 
  textbook refugeeing by both us and the belgians . 
  i feel like after the accident hammond was n't quite the same and the chemistry has been lacking . 
  clarkson and may are still gold , but hammond seems to be a guy playing hammond . 
  or maybe i just do n't like richard hammond . 
  always buy organic . 
  the guardian is left leaning , the telegraph is right leaning . 
  that 's literally all there is to it . 
  if you lean left , you 'll like the guardian and hate the telegraph . 
  there 's no objectivity to anyone who says that the guardian is a far superior newspaper . 
   as far as i know in germany the guardian is seen as a high quality journal . 
  it was even recommended in my school in english lessons . 
  i find this funny since it 's nickname is ` the grauniad ' which stems from how many spelling mistakes/typos it used to have in it . 
  why is this shit actually getting upvotes ? 
  i feel more british than i do english . . 
  but i feel more english than i do european . 
  i do n't know where i 'm going with this . 
  we have a government agency which can do it 's job . 
  it 's worth celebrating . 
   it 's just a little funny that his kids do n't speak finnish . 
  that 's really weird . 
  what do they speak ? 
  that 's quite possible . 
  i never remember usernames . 
  i should start tagging them with numbers and see how high i get . 
  i swear the only flair that consistently fucking has a go is the romanian flare . 
  they really have a chip on their shoulder . 
  that guy is a smooth operator . 
  i saw him on some news program here in the uk and he came off very well , which instantly makes me suspicious . 
  if ever there 's ever been a reason to stay in the eu , this is it . 
  hey look , it 's a romanian having a fucking dig . 
  not seen this before . 
   i do n't think london even cares just how much of a third world country wales is u fuckin wot ? 
  but seriously , you fucking what ? 
  while true , that does n't refute what the guy you 're replying to said . 
  i 've never been to ireland but i 'd bet money it 's ireland . 
  can we , like , fucking not ? 
  maybe . 
  i mean , just this once can we not open ourselves to a buttfucking from the yanks ? 
  i imagine two colours is also a bit hard on colour blind people too . 
  why not just do shades of a single colour ? 
  the cold war is fully back now , right ? 
  i mean , this is all very very cold war-y . 
  seems like they 'll play off each other badly . 
  france raises taxes , uk reduces regulation to make up lost profits . 
  over here it 's monopoly . 
  presumably because you can be a banker . 
  i loved the ruin bars when i visited , although i got way drunker than was probably socially acceptable in such a bar . 
  cameron is not a eurosceptic . 
  his part is . 
  he 's said multiple times he will campaign to stay in the eu . 
  eu : ` that 's odd , the uk is pushing through extremely stringent financial services reform . 
  90 % reserves required , aaa credit lending only . . how odd . 
  this is going to make the eu extremely uncompetitive . ', 
  * one year later * uk : ` we have decided to leave the eu . 
  laters , benders . ', 
  i 'm from south eat england and i approve . 
  oh that 's fucking depressing .
