  i could n't have said it better myself . 
  i always refer to myself as british , and i 've never really understood calling myself english . 
  i feel like we have too much history and shared culture together to not unite under a common name . 
  british first . 
  european second . 
  i never bother with that english bollocks , because i like everyone from the uk and i feel like we all share pretty much the same culture just with varying accents . 
  we 've all got a very complicated and interesting history , and i feel we 're all in it together . 
   i ca n't help but dream about what the uk would be like if it had a european style of democracy ... circular debating chambers , proportional electoral systems ( like the party list ) , maybe even a written constitution i really like our system . 
  we 're kind of the opposite of americans . 
  their tv news is opinionated rubbish , but their newspapers are alright and their political system is stuffy and nothing ever actually gets said . 
  our tv news is pretty great and does n't get poisoned by opinion , but our newpapers are almost entirely opinionated shite . 
  our political system is a lot less stuffy and politicians generally get called out on their bullshit weekly . 
  i think every country on earth would benefit from having pmq 's . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ss_richard_montgomery ) . . 
  it 's going to be a hell of a news story when it finally goes off . 
  hope there 's a camera trained on the area . 
  i 've always thought it 'd be an intelligent terrorist target . 
  it 's amazing that we still live the effects of ww2 . 
  surely an absent voter is a non voter . 
  this is a problem that would sort its self out if that was a rule . 
  one day all the republicans would turn up and blitz through the votes and piss off the democrats . 
  the next day everyone would turn up at work to stop a repeat happening . 
   if i was a representative , i have more things to worry about than sitting through some ordeal all the time to cast a vote . 
  i would give it to a friend i trust to vote how i told him did you miss the bit where republicans were voting for democrats and vice versa ? 
  that seems like it 's very open for abuse . 
   anarchism anarchist in saying dumb things shocker . . 
  what the fuck is this shit ? 
  this and the burning down of that swedish reindeer are probably my two favourite european traditions . 
  one is a health and safety nightmare , and the other is petty arson . 
  i do n't know what that says about me , haha . 
  seriously , though . . how does this not cause serious damage ? 
  the firemen must absolutely hate it . 
  is the natural progression of this tradition one of the churches burning down ? 
  then build a university there too . . 
  out of interest , is indian food as popular in the rest of europe ? 
   what is your favourite dish from a ** different ** country . 
  read the rule of the thread . 
  i was underwhelmed . . 
  it was just a kind of beef stew thing . 
  not sure what i expected , really . 
  singapore is going to rinse us both in the next decade , most likely . 
  i always felt like they should just pick a valley in wales to make the uk 's silicone valley . 
  20 years of no business rates , free up land for building . . 
  it 's tech . . you do n't need to be in london to do it . 
  everyone involved should be able to skype , haha . 
  dealio . 
  my friend fired a warning shot at a motocyclist who was testing their perimeter . 
  he fired it at the ground in front , it ricocheted up and the guy pretty much exploded . 
  that tank does n't look helpless . 
  the tank and its crew could easily lay waste to everyone in the video if they actually wanted to . 
  there 's a 50 cal on top . 
  they 're ` helpless ' because the crew of the tank does n't want to hurt anyone . 
  i 'll bet you 2 months reddit gold that scotland does n't go independent and i 'll bet you another 2 months that we remain in the eu . 
  how does that sound ? 
  yeah , we have it oh so bad here in the uk . 
  i ca n't walk 10 feet without a banker trying to molest me . 
  banker fright is very much a mainland europe thing . 
  [ according to this ] ( http://cpi.transparency.org/cpi2013/results/ ) we 're not even high on the corruption index . 
  14th out of 175 . . quit your blabber-mouthing . 
   your country is poised to split , and at that perhaps leave the eu as likely as your country is turning into an islamic state . 
   as is the case of britain having the financial districts dick so long up your ass that if they cum you spit . 
  when it means our capital city with less population has a higher gdp than your entire country i find it very hard to care [ . 
  it never will have . 
  too many conflicting interests . 
  ' i bet these countries are militarily insignificant . . '  lithuania , luxembourg and sweden lol . . easy to huff and puff when you 're asthmatic . 
  labour should have snuck in a referendum in 2006 when things were going great . 
  no one would have wanted to rock the boat then , and it would have shut everyone up for another 40 years . 
  woah , sweden . 
  you 're letting a taste of interventionism go to your head !, 
  basically , people hate us more because they can understand when we 're saying stuff they do n't like . 
  not because we actually bigger arseholes than any other country . 
   no , you could n't . 
  this is a simple fact . 
  i 'll never know if this is true , which is kind of the overarching point i 'm making . 
  being the only european country with an english speaking media paints a target on our back for the entirety of europe because english is so commonly spoken as a second language . 
  i bet if you could fluently read all the newspapers of europe you 'd not be so quick to single us out as haters . 
   british tourists are probably those who are the most like us . 
  first off , you take that back !, 
  secondly , being like british tourists is not something you should be advertising !, 
  our tourists ( myself included sometimes ) are some of the worst . . 
  it 's like we get off a plane and a switch flicks in our head . 
  ` this is n't the uk . 
  the rules no longer apply , for i am on holiday . . ', 
   they will say that we 're an old couple taking shit at each other but it 's false . 
  it really is a one way thing : there is simply no such anti-english articles in french press , especially one every two week . 
  they 're not that frequent over here . 
  you have a unique position being bi-lingual . 
  you ( in general ) can read our gutter press , we ( in general ) ca n't read yours . . 
  i 'm sure if i had access to your newspapers in english i could find just as many occurrences of the french media badmouthing the british . 
  i 'm sure this is why we get such a bad name in europe . 
  a huge amount of the population of europe can speak english as a second language , particularly people here on / r/europe since we 're all conversing in english . . how many people in europe speak spanish , or german , or french , or swedish as a second language ? 
  the cross over is much less . 
  so europeans can , by large , read the worst of our media but each european country ca n't do the same ( in general ) for other european countries . 
   also , i think that the brits see the economic recovery as a competition , whereas the french see it as cooperation towards a goal . 
  if they were winning they would n't see it like that . . 
  shitting on france has been our birthright for hundreds of years . . 
  i have a 9-5 , but i eat lunch at my desk so it 's actually 9-4 . . much better . 
   the `` 9 to 5 '' thing that seems to be a concept in the english-speaking world was always a bit weird to me , in france 9-5 is primary school hours , beyond that i do n't know anybody who does a 9-5 . 
  8:45 to 3:15 was primary school hours . 
  or singapore . .
