  if any irish newspaper or politician makes this statement , he 's lying to the public in order to appeal to national sentiment . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  ( not trying to be annoying , just interested to read more about this . ), 
  18 trillions is a lot , even in 10 years . 
  it would be about as much as those four countries ' gdp during five years . 
  resignation letters does n't need to be dated ? 
  i 'm asking this ( without malice ) just to know if the employer is abusing a legal loophole , or the ignorance of the abused employee . 
  then what 's the point of signing such paperwork ? 
  in court , would n't the employer 's case be automatically lost with this kind of written proof ? 
  you 'll get almost the same result with france if you follow your division , using metropolitan france as the geographical center . 
  we kept the best part , obviously . 
  terrorism is n't the cause of mass surveillance , it 's just the public excuse used to legalize common practices by secret services . 
  then you need some huge terror attack . 
  you just need some big terror attack . 
  then you 'll have politicians saying that you need new protective laws allowing bnd to do what it was already , but illegally , doing . 
  the public will applaude this initiative . 
  it 's getting ridiculous . 
  is there a single social statistic where finland does n't rank first ? 
  you should read what the british historian [ norman davies has to say ] ( http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2007/09/scholar-addresses-question-who-won-world-war-ii-in-europe/ ) about this question . 
  also , the fact that the ussr played a bigger role in defeating germany does n't mean that they single-handedly won the war or that the uk and the us have been useless . 
  most people in france did n't believed that the ussr saved france . 
  they believed that the ussr played a bigger role in defeating germany than the us or the uk , which is true . 
  between 75 and 80 % of german casualties during the war have been inflicted on the eastern front . 
  in terms of sacrifice made , the difference is even more impressive . 
  it 's much harder to expand your gdp and repay your debt if your population is shrinking ( and also ageing ) , which is a problem that germany will need to tackle . 
  i 'm sure that the german government is n't stubborn because of some pre-conceived ideas about `` austerity '' or whatever . 
  they are doing what they are doing because they have a compelling interest in doing so . 
  germany will be in a much better position than italy or japan to deal with the same problems . 
  nobody can be reduced to a simple consumer , and anyone can do whatever he wants with his money . 
  it does n't mean that on the macroeconomic level , a type of widespread behavior ca n't have a huge impact . 
  even a reasonable behavior on the individual level can be detrimental on the macroeconomic level . 
  for example , if everyone tries to avoid putting all its eggs in the same basket in terms of investment ( which is a reasonable behavior ) it increases systemic risk . 
  if everyone was doing exactly the same thing as you , which is saving on your bank account , not spending much despite much higher income or else , the economy would n't work . 
  spain and italy are classified in southern europe in this paper , thus their high unemployment rates are taken into account for their group . 
  france is classified in western europe . 
  it has a much higher unemployment rate than the us , but the difference between western europe as a whole and the us is quite small , because the netherlands , the uk , germany , austria or switzerland have a much better employment rate than france . 
   they have put us to shame when it comes to stealing information from private industry . 
  that 's an overstatement . 
  for sure , from norway , it would be quite interesting . 
  here , i 'd say that it would be a bit scary though . 
  there are many good reasons for them to go to the uk over france , but you also have to include the sunk cost fallacy and the lies surrounding the dream of the uk , which are spread by other immigrants that are already there and the criminals that try to get them there . 
  what does this has to do with my comment ? 
  italy , greece , the uk , spain , germany , sweden , the us , denmark , the nederlands , austria , australia , belgium or france have their own degree of shitshow regarding immigration . 
  it seems like there 's only one democratic country getting immigration from the third world without problems : canada . 
  the key for canada is that they can afford the luxury to select their immigrants . 
  it 's strange because i do n't remember hearing the ceos of vw , bp , hsbc or bnp paribas publicly whining about the us judicial system after being hit extremely hard by us rulings . 
  usually , corporations prefer to keep things quiet , eventually pay a huge ammount of money ( while preferably trying to lower this ammount ) and keep on . 
  either apple is trying to force the us government to go into a trade war with the eu , or their ceo is completely delusional after years of incredible success . 
  in theory , people are allowed to wear what they want . 
  but you are forgetting about peer pressure . 
  if there 's a neighbourhood with a heavy muslim minority , and a growing number of the women among them are wearing the burqa or the niqab or even just the veil , then the rest of them will be pressured in order to wear it too . 
  if you do n't wear at least a veil in this neighbourhood and `` looks '' muslim , then the boys will consider you as a whore . 
  the other women will shame your mother because you are n't a good muslim , etc. 
  thus , many women will be forced to wear the veil or the niqab to avoid this annoying pressure . 
  then , another problem appears : you ca n't integrate in the broader society anymore because you wear a niqab . 
  therefore , those women are stuck in their community , or have to cut ties with their community . 
  either way , this is detrimental to the society as a whole . 
  the current derivative of the kalashnikov is the [ ak-12 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ak-12 ) , which is quite different from the first model invented during the 1940s . 
  there have been five different generations of this weapon since then . 
  france could make a new derivative of the famas , but closed its manufacturer in 2000 . 
  buying another modern european weapon seems to be more sensible . 
  the famas g2 produced during the 1990s does accept stanag magazines , but the famas f1 and the famas g1 do n't . 
  both are only compatible with a proprietary 25-rounders magazine , which was supposed to be throwable and has delicate lips . 
  it 's much more efficient to divide the work and have a country doing the work itself for one specific weapon than trying to work together with each country whining for its own incompatible specification and having its own share of the budget directly spent in its economy . 
  the electorate and thus the politicians do n't like this fact , but it seems especially needed considering that european military spendings are limited . 
  hopefully this trend will continue . 
  actually , de gaulle did it first in 1944 . 
  [ german rifle ] ( http://armesfrancaises.free.fr/cr%20mauser%2045-vd-web.jpg ) vs its [ french copy ] ( http://armesfrancaises.free.fr/cr%20mas%2045-vd-web.jpg ) . 
  there have been several incidents during famas history . 
  for example , magazines were supposed to be disposable . 
  thus , they were not made in order to last long . 
  but finally , this `` disposable '' idea appeared to be too expensive , so the disposable magazines became reusable magazines . 
  of course , those magazines were n't really reliable thanks to their primary design . 
  also , there have been many incidents with 5.56 ammo and famas , injuring soldiers during training . 
  the main reason though is that the famas was designed during the 1960 's and has been used during four decades , which is already quite long . 
  its production is over since 2000 . 
  the fact that there is n't a european competition for microsoft , apple or amazon does n't mean that we are more dependant on those companies than they are on the european market . 
  those companies can pay lobbyists . 
  still , they ca n't make threats such as not selling their services to the eu anymore . 
  if apple leaves the eu , we 'll just buy google phones and other brands of computers . 
  if amazon leaves , it will just lose its market share . 
  if microsoft leaves , of course it will be annoying . 
  but a year later , linux will have a huge market share . 
  leaving a huge market is how you lose your market share , without necessarily being able to get it back later , and create a foreign competition . 
  that 's roughly how china got its own internet giants like alibaba or baidu . 
  young people have been in much better shape in the us than in spain , greece , bulgaria or romania since before the birth of the us though . 
  you can actually . 
  the restaurant just next to your house pays around 30 % in corporate tax ( depending on the country ) . 
  the same thing goes for any other kind of local business . 
  apple , mcdonald , total or volkswagen or whatever , on the other hand , will pay way less than that despite being much richer and earning much more . 
  actually , in this case , apple had a tax rate of less than 1 % . 
  thanks to several loopholes and tax havens , the same thing goes for wealthy individuals . 
  for example , liliane bettencourt , heir and owner of l'or\u00e9al , was paying around 9 % of her income in taxes . 
  her wealth is superior to 36 billion euros . 
  a teacher would pay much more than that . 
  the current situation is worse than if the local restaurant and mcdonald were both paying 30 % , and bettencourt and your teacher 15 % . 
  thx . 
  was thinking of the jilbab which seems to have replaced the niqab for hardcore believers since the ban . 
   less than 1 % tax rate ? 
  yes please , said all small and medium-sized businesses in europe .
