  i 'm not going to talk about norwegian law as in this article , because i do n't know anything about it . 
  but according to french law , if what you just described is either fictitious or does n't have any other objective than avoiding tax , then it 's illegal . 
  thus , it would be tax evasion . 
  if there 's another objective , such as doing business in cyprus , then it would be legal . 
  you would still have to declare it though , so you ca n't hide it . 
  as you can see , there 's a big grey area . 
  it 's not as simple as you say it is , otherwise people would n't have the need to hide it . 
  when you optimize your tax by using tax reductions , for example because your country subsidize investments in solar panels through tax reductions , you do n't need to hide it , you do so in the open . 
  '' ** hiding wealth ** '' from your fiscal administration is n't * tax avoidance * , it 's * tax evasion * . 
  i 'm fairly sure that it 's illegal according to norwegian law to `` hide '' your wealth , is n't it ? 
  if it was legal , they would n't need to hide it . 
   there is a big difference . 
  not really , there 's a huge grey area . 
  which is why , in real life , iphones are so cheap ? 
  and piracy is somalia 's comparative advantage . 
  companies do pay taxes in the same way that companies are able to be a party of a contract or sue other people . 
  according to your logic , companies do n't really hire people or sign contracts with their suppliers and customers . 
  by signing a contract with a company , what you 're really doing is signing a contract with the people that interact with the company , like the owners , customers and workers . 
  keeping things real , without legal entities , would be insanely complex . 
  try to imagine apple working without being made of legal entites . 
  if we accept that companies are legal entities that have rights and obligations , i do n't see why we should be opposed to the principle of taxing them . 
  by the way , taxing them is also less harmful to the economy , as you are taxing their profits . 
  if a company does n't do any profit , it is n't taxed . 
  if it does , then it means that it 's able to pay without being excessively harmed . 
   that 's not true in any eu country . 
  it 's at least true in france , and i doubt it is only true here . 
  effective overall tax rate , for people between 18 and 65 years old is on average about [ 47 % ] ( http://www.revolution-fiscale.fr/le-systeme-actuel/des-impots-progressifs-/11-un-systeme-fiscal-faiblement-progressifou-franchement-regressif - ) according to landais , piketty and saez ( 2011 ) . 
  top 1 % earners ( superior to 168 000 $ a year ) have below average tax rate , and 0.1 % top earners have an effective tax rate of 35 % . 
  at the same time , people that are earning 40 000 $ a year are slightly above general tax rate of 47 % . 
  and that 's not even including international tax avoidance and evasion , which are [ very likely to increase the gap ] ( http://gabriel-zucman.eu/files/ajz2017.pdf ) by a pretty wide margin . 
  `` it is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends on his not understanding it . '', 
  main results from tax competition in europe and accross the world are that wealthy people and powerful corporations pay less taxes than middle class people and small companies . 
  that is , inherently , a bad thing . 
   tax harmonization does n't mean that the tax rate is the same everywhere . 
  a similar tax rate is the end game of tax harmonization , at least for any tax that can be outsourced ( corporate tax or ip royalties for example ) . 
  they 'll be forced to be payed at least a german minimum wage if they are actually working in germany . 
   competition with western companies led to the still infant eastern european industry die after being forced to compete directly with we . 
  which led to a massive industrial decline . 
  can you provide any data backing this claim ? 
  because if you look at poland for example ( cf. 
  [ page 8 ] ( http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/sn05809/sn05809.pdf ) ) , manufacturing output increased massively after opening up to the west and joining the eu : * 16 bn dollars in 1980 * 12 bn in 1990 * 38 bn in 2000 * 78 bn in 2010 * 94 bn in 2014 . 
  you are right . 
  legally , you can try to go there after a bachelor 's degree . 
  in practice though , people that try to pass the entrance exam have at least a master 's degree , so 5 years after baccalaureate ( and usually a 6th year in order to prepare the entrance exam ) . 
  then ena lasts 3 years , but students are paid while attending the school . 
  possibly but it 's hard to know . 
  despite being in the middle of a strongly le pen leaning region ( she got 47 % against 53 % for macron , whereas it was 34 vs 66 % for france as a whole ) , macron still got 72 % in this city . 
  it was macron 's hometown though . 
  sarkozy started saying : `` with me , we are going to talk about troublesome subjects . 
  there wo n't be any taboo . 
  hundreds of death in chechnya are , in my opinion , inadmissible . 
  anna politkovska\u00efa , the russian journalist that got murdered is , in my opinion , inadmissible . '', 
  putin simply listens . 
  he just lets nicolas sarkozy talk . 
  then he observes him and lets a moment of silence . 
  this silence leads to some discomfort . 
  then putin looks sardonic and asks him : `` are you finished yet ? '', 
  sarkozy : `` well ... 
  yes . '', 
  putin : `` so , i 'll explain it to you . 
  you see , your country is like that [ shows this small with his hands ] , my country is like that [ this big ] . 
  so , either you keep on with this tone , and i 'll crush you . 
  or you stop talking and you 'll see . 
  you just became france 's president , but i can make you europe 's king . '', 
  the journalist adds that putin 's speech was punctuated at intervals by insults and humiliating statements , in order to impose his will on nicolas sarkozy . 
  nicolas sarkozy just ends up perplexed and blown away . 
  [ then he looked shocked in front of journalists . 
  people thought he was drunk , whereas he was knocked-out by putin 's humiliation . ], 
  you might be too young to remember chirac just before iraq 's invasion . 
  how do you say freedom fries in russian ? 
  it was at the whirlpool factory . 
  he spent a few hours with union leaders , then an hour or so with workers at the factory 's parking . 
  to sum it up : he said that he 'd make sure that the social plan would n't get approved if it is n't a proper social plan . 
  he also said that he was n't going to save the factory and could n't stop neither globalization nor layoffs , as doing so would be a disaster for the french economy . 
  he explained that his plan was to expand and improve professional training in order to find new jobs . 
  the atmosphere was n't violent , but understandably tense though . 
  looked a lot like monte-carlo while james bond was busy playing poker though . 
   become the second ( or the other ) switzerland that was ambitious , to say the least . 
  it 's a general french thing . 
   germans would be against military intervention ? 
  this question is being asked in peace time . 
  if a war was happening , people would have different reactions as emotion would overcome the rest . 
  people would rally around the flag . 
  the problem is that this reaction only happens when war is imminent , whereas you need to react way earlier in order to get prepared . 
  see : france before ww2 . 
   if russia got into a serious military conflict with your country , do you think your nato allies should use military force to defend your country ? 
  belgium and sweden have also been targeted . 
  even yazidis have been targeted , massacred and reduced to slavery in the case of women . 
  it is n't retribution for military operations . 
  corsican organized criminals planned on using corsica as an offshore base close to europe that they would be able to control , which is why they finally decided to support independentists that are honestly politically motivated . 
  that 's basically the same plan as the italian-american mafia in cuba during the 1950s , which would have been an offshore base close to the us . 
  an independent corsica might become a tax haven , but organized crime would lead to corruption which would n't be that great for keeping rich people 's and corporations ' money safe . 
  exactly . 
  kevin o'rourke , oxford :  this is a very odd question , given that french labour productivity is so high . 
  also , if you read the comments , several economists that did agree with the policies proposed did n't really talked about productivity , but about the fact that it would be overall better . 
  having a less dual labour market would be fairer with young people , that are currently disproportionately bearing the burden of unemployment and short term employment in france . 
  it should also reduce overall unemployment in the long run and improve government revenue . 
  but it wo n't do much in order to improve [ productivity ] ( https://data.oecd.org/chart/4qid ) . 
  facebook said twice that they would n't be able to match facebook users ' accounts and whatsapp users ' accounts . 
  monetizing users ' accounts to advertisers is facebook 's core business .
