  well , the policies are being applied currently in germany . 
  the results might appear too late to lead to an effective policy , but at least everyone will know where , when and how we messed up . 
  we can also start a betting contest . 
  sure , let 's take a few equivalent german cities as context for our study . 
  the problem in france is distinct from the problem of the refugees . 
  still , the current situation in france may enlighten the possible future situation of some of the refugees ' children , for instance those of the second generation that will be born in germany or sweden . 
  the issue is complex , but i 'm sure of at least one thing : ghettoisation can undermine everything . 
  giving them a flat is not necessarily problematic , but giving flats to the refugees in the same neighbourhood will only result in the building of a little syria . 
  there is a big difference in the fact that most of those who does n't seem to be well integrated within the british or the french society are n't immigrants themselves , but british or french citizens that are descendants of immigrants . 
  you ca n't ( and should n't be allowed to ) deny welfare to some of your citizens because of their origin . 
  by the way , millions of people of foreign origin are pretty well integrated . 
  in france for example , they speak french as well as any native . 
  are you talking about the assimilation policy that was aimed at absorbing aborigines ? 
  taking children away from their parents seems a bit harsh . 
  iceland is n't in the eu . 
  but everyone ready to annoy the * perfidious albion * is welcome i guess . 
  different strategies , same mediocre results . 
  maybe a third way has to be found . 
  according to flags , we should n't have expanded to the other side of the channel either . 
  thanks . 
  here , an engineer usually earns a decent amount of money , but less than a doctor . 
  it was n't about his look , it was about him as a person : he knows that he is n't a rapist , that he wo n't rape anybody , but still got an invitation to a lecture aimed at teaching him not to rape . 
  he thought that it was insulting and useless , which led to his reaction . 
  does that kind of hysteria exist in the rest of europe , outside of the anglo-american campuses ? 
  how much does a doctor earn in romania , and what kind of standard of living does that provide ? 
  i know that it 's common for romanian doctors to have to work as a resident for a few years in france , before being allowed to work as an independant doctor . 
  a resident earn around 2000 $ a month , which is a middle class pay , and a doctor earns around 4000 $ in a hospital . 
  the problem of backstabbing within the eu is n't only about merkel 2.0 , hollande 2.0 or the uk . 
  such backstabbing attitude is so messed up and so broad that almost any country is doing it , as shown for example by our ridiculous tax system . 
  but that backstabbing attitude is mostly about the economy , not about the kind of life that we wa n't . 
  that 's a shame , because actually , we agree on almost every important subject : democracy , human rights , free healthcare , free education , an independant justice , a police submitted to the rule of law , a shared history , the greek , roman and christian legacies etc. . . 
  you are right , we should listen more to eastern europe . 
  their fear of russia and their lack of trust toward france or germany are absolutely legitimate . 
  do you have any source about latvia or lithuania ? 
  i just found that latvia might send troops in iraq against daech , but that was an announcement made around the 2 november , before what happened in paris . 
  hollande already called renzi , rajoy and merkel , and will have a lunch with her on wednesday . 
  he also met cameron on monday . 
  he 's not avoiding his european colleagues . 
  france 's minister of defence already met his colleagues from the 28 states of the eu and frederica mogherini a week ago , asking for their help . 
  they answered positively , but until now , the only promise is about allowing france to have more debt . 
  meetings with putin or obama are more remarkable , because they are less common and probably more meaningful . 
  it 's not about which country is relevant or not . 
  in a few decades , even germany , france or the uk wo n't be relevant anymore when china or india will stand as world powers . 
  but europe , probably the eu , as a whole , may be relevant in that future . 
  imo , closer ties within the eu should be the answer . 
  syria 's crisis or ukraine 's crisis should be historical stumbling stones along that path for a greater european future , but we are all too selfish to achieve that ... 
   paris attacks were largely a result of bad policing and not of apocaliptic religious-cult-state in in middle east . 
  well , the main cause remains as the apocaliptic religious-cult-state . 
  bad policing just did n't succeed to counter that . 
  if a gang commits a bank robbery , the cause of the robbery is the gang , not the failure of the police or the security proceedings of the bank . 
  you can improve those security proceedings , but you wo n't be safe until you destroyed the gang . 
  you have to do both . 
   7 morons managed to coordinate such a successful attack with government 's prior knowledge about their radicalization easier said than done , we are talking about thousands of people in france , and probably less but still thousands in the uk , in germany , in sweden etc. . .  the fact that there are gun caches all over france and belgium there are probably gun caches in any european country in which there is organized crime . 
  bombing daech ca n't solve the problem , but you ca n't solve the problem without bombing daech . 
   paris attacks were largely a result of bad policing what kind of bad policing should be held responsible for that ? 
  it looks more like the action of a sect , which has currently its headquarter in syria and in iraq , some gurus like abou bakr al-baghdadi , and followers in those countries and in europe . 
  the answer ca n't focus solely on destroying the sect 's headquarter , but that seems necessary to get rid of it . 
  if eastern europe and the rest of europe fear closer french-russian ties because of the war against isis , maybe the best way to avoid those ties would be to support france against isis , at least financially ? 
  currently , almost all of the actual support comes from the usa , the uae and might also come from russia or the uk . 
  they should change their strategy and become less vindicative to reach the support of the majority . 
  it does n't mean that they should keep the status quo . 
  for example in the us , black lives matter could probably have better results by fighting `` police violence '' , than just `` police violence on black people '' and estrange white people that agree with them by saying that their experience makes them unfit to understand the problem . 
  currently , they appear extremely vindicative , even to many people that are against police militarization and agrees that too many black men are wrongfuly shot by the police . 
  they 'd still face an opposition , but they would enjoy a greater support if their message was universal and inclusive . 
  you can go to the clash and win if you enjoy a wide support , like for gay marriage in several countries , but you ca n't go to the clash and win if you only have the support of a minority of the population against its majority , despite the noise you are making . 
  i ca n't find the source currently , but chomsky said something along those lines about the israelo-palestinian mess and calls to boycott . 
  according to him , many pro-palestinians activists , as often on the left , are lacking pragmatism . 
  they should guess if what they are doing is improving the current situation or not . 
  if not , then they should change their strategy and find something that would work . 
  usually , they just double down and do n't achieve anything . 
  the same goes for several issues in identity politics . 
  there 's a kind of party in france called * les indig\u00e8nes de la r\u00e9publique * . 
  they have very little support , and are so vindicative that they are n't achieving anything . 
  if anything , they are making the situation regarding racism worse !, 
  they are paradoxically fueling more hate than support among the general population . 
  would `` travail , famille , patrie '' sound better then ? 
  le pen could have a shot against m\u00e9lanchon if both manage to win the first round . 
  he 's the leader of the * front de gauche * , which is more or less equivalent to * die linke * in germany or corbyn in the uk . 
  many right leaning people would n't find le pen scarier than m\u00e9lanchon . 
  but that hypothesis is highly unlikely . 
  the divide along different skin colours or genders caused by people living different experiences was either equal or bigger 20 years ago than today . 
  gender pay gap or racism are n't worse today than 20 years ago . 
  being gay or trans was definitely harder . 
  this rift of injustice is n't widening . 
  at the same time , the divide among the population is widening continuously during those 20 years , which means that the cause of the divide is elsewhere . 
  one of the main cause of those votes are that many voters have had enough of hearing that they are privileged solely because of the colour of their skin or gender . 
  other essential causes are immigration and [ partisan media ] ( http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/mleven/files/polarization_ajps.pdf ) . 
  not aknowledging those elements means the risk of doubling down , and thus expect more than brexit or trump in the future . 
  funnily enough , when de gaulle forced us troops to evacuate french soil in 1966 , you guys did n't seem to be very happy about this decision . 
  you are right , but i 'm also saying that it works both ways , which is why it works as an echo chamber . 
  the [ us seems divided ] ( http://www.people-press.org/2014/06/12/political-polarization-in-the-american-public/ ) today , and so are the uk after the brexit referendum . 
  20 years ago , the divide was n't that big , now both sides of the political spectrum hate each other . 
  a majority of electors from both sides ca n't even talk to each other anymore . 
  it 's not just political opposition and disagreement , but hate and fear that oppose them . 
  i think that media have some responsibility in this situation . 
  they pander too much to their readers guts , even by using lies or repeating the same things * ad nauseam * , which fuel this trend of polarization . 
  let 's put them under the authority of the 3 kings of [ wallis and futuna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_qq8akuh9i ) , thus new englanders will also get to keep their traditions such as recreational marijuana and jessica fletcher , the famous serial killer . 
  there 's a difference between reading thematic newspapers and a supposedly general-interest newspaper that implicitly focuses on specific issues in a biased way . 
  reading * racing ahead * everyday wo n't distort your political views , even if you are obsessed with horse racing . 
  reading the * daily mail * or * the sun * everyday can very well distort your political views and make you angry at benefit fraudsters and immigrants .
