  it 's not a tiny technical detail ( where of course screw ups can happen ) . 
  obviously , they knew that they could do that . 
  even the commission assumed that facebook would be able to do so . 
  `` the commission has found that , contrary to facebook 's statements in the 2014 merger review process , the technical possibility of automatically matching facebook and whatsapp users ' identities already existed in 2014 , and that ** facebook staff were aware of such a possibility ** . '', 
   you 're certainly not going to get an estimate for the `` risk of lying '' vs. `` potential profit . '', 
  it happens all the time in antitrust law . 
  for example , there 's a reason why most companies that use leniency programs in europe to get out of cartels do so after having been acquired by us corporations . 
  because in the us , punishments are much harsher . 
  executives can even be sent to jail over cartels . 
  in europe , outside of the uk since a few years , executives do n't risk much , even if fines are currently getting bigger . 
   so every time you put misleading information into the official document you should go to jail as well ? 
  sentences do n't work that way , judges look at the context and specificities of each case . 
  it 's not `` every time someone steals anything he automatically goes 3 years in jail . '', 
  people that stole something risk to be sentenced to jail , but there 's no automatic punishment . 
  furthermore , we are talking about antitrust law in international mergers . 
  how would a potential prison sentence for lying to the eu commission in this context affect anyone else ? 
   i feel like people here are detached of reality when it comes to companies if a company lies to antitrust officials regarding one of the main aspects of an 18bn deal , you can be absolutely sure that they did so purposefully . 
  an army of extremely well paid specialized lawyers got asked to estimate the risk of lying , the potential profit and top executives at facebook decided to do go on with the lie . 
  too many portugese people around here . 
  they used to blend well within the general mood , with saudade and everything . 
  i do n't know what went wrong around 10 months ago . 
  now they are messing up poll numbers . 
  there are ways to do so . 
  i do n't know how often it happens in germany . 
  but for example , you can pass a law that forces companies to discuss wage increases more often ( every year , every 6 months etc. ) . 
  you can also increase the minimum wage and increase wages of public servants . 
  you can reduce the tax burden on labor . 
  actually , germany is being asked to step up . 
  what you are asking for is that everyone else should be stepping down because germany did so almost 20 years ago and always stayed one step below everyone else . 
  stepping down is exactly what greece is doing since the crisis . 
  so far , the results are not flabbergasting . 
  actually , germany 's factory workers are not very cheap , because their unions are quite powerful and used their bargaining power to get decent wages and reduced working time , in line with their productivity . 
  [ workers in services and construction ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:labour_costs_per_hour_in_euro,_breakdown_by_economic_activity_in_2016_t3.png ) are very cheap in germany . 
  german industry got more competitive partially because it uses services that are cheaper than in belgium , sweden or france , despite having a similar productivity . 
  thus , german factory workers are not cheaper than in other similar european countries . 
  but the guys indirectly working for german factories are . 
   i had literally never heard of the guy . 
  most french people did n't know him a few weeks ago . 
  his parents were french teachers . 
  he grew up in normandy and went to highschool in bonn . 
  he more or less did the same kind of studies as macron after that : he went to a preparatory class in literature , then to sciences-po where he studied general political sciences and law , became a centrist-leaning member of the socialist party , then managed to get in * ecole nationale d'administration * . 
  he did n't become an inspector of finance as macron , but decided to become a judge in public law during a few years . 
  a friend proposed him to work for a private company . 
  he declined . 
  le havre 's right wing mayor called him , they met , and he entered the world of politics by getting elected as deputy mayor in le havre 's judicial affairs . 
  he became friend with jupp\u00e9 . 
  he became a corporate lawyer in 2004 , then came back to work with jupp\u00e9 in 2007 , jupp\u00e9 lost and edouard philippe became a public judge again . 
  then areva asked him to become its director of public affairs , which he did until 2010 . 
  then he became le havre 's mayor and a member of parliament . 
  all in all , he 's the embodiement , exactly as macron , of french school meritocracy , and a perfect example of a french technocrat that jumps between administration , private sector and politics . 
  he 's on the centre-right , has almost the same ideas as macron but less hair and is well liked in his city . 
  he 's also an amateur boxer , got fined for driving at 155 km/h instead of 110 , and did n't really care about disclosing his wealth . 
  but he did n't take many political positions that would be worth noting . 
  he 's behind the same ideas as macron . 
  trump is 15 cm taller than macron though . ^ ^ probably ^ 40kg ^ heavier ^ too ... 
   if you have no control of the flow of good , if you have no control over the flow of services , if you have no control over the flow of individuals and if you have no control over the flow of capital , then why do you have a governement ? 
  your nation-state has been greatly weakened by global capitalism . 
  the european construction has been built around two promises : * peace and friendship on the european continent * prosperity it has kept its promises until 2008 . 
  since the last decade though , prosperity has stalled . 
  the eu has to sort its mess out , but it would be well worth it if it 's successful by doing so . 
  nation states have been weakened if you look at the situation as a zero sum game . 
  if you consider that the eu is superior to the sum of its members as nation states , then giving up some sovereignty can be worth it . 
  main problem currently comes from the fact that member states and their populations do n't want to get behind the veil of ignorance in order to try to establish a fair system . 
  therefore , we end up with short-sighted deals made through narrow interests : france blocks any meaningful and just reform of the cap ; ireland , luxembourg and co. try to keep a tax system that enables wealthy people and corporations to pay insignificant amounts of tax in comparison to less well off people and small companies ; germany and the netherlands do n't really care about unsustainability of the greek situation and are obsessed with moral hazard concerns ; the uk spent most of its time asking to get its money back , which was a small amount for such a rich country , instead of getting involved in more meaningful ways etc. 
  contrary to common belief , relations between workers and their higher-ups in france used to be much more tense a few decades ago . 
  news cycles make it seems like it 's becoming more common and more violent , but it 's not , quite the contrary actually . 
  what 's happening here is happening once a few years , whereas it used to be common in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  fun fact : after ww2 , the cgt ( the main communist union ) , which by the way is the same in this article , was deemed as a vital threat by the cia . 
  thus , the cia discreetly set-up and financed a new trade union , called fo ( * force ouvri\u00e8re * ) , which was also communist , but slightly less obsessed with preparing the revolution . 
  fo would have been illegal in the us at the time . 
  the point of creating fo was to distract some communist workers from the cgt . 
  in 2017 , fo is still the third biggest trade union in france . 
  russia could n't do anything even if it wanted to . 
  china does n't want to assist greece . 
  the chinese want to get great deals out of greece 's poor situation . 
  they plan on using greece as their main hub toward europe . 
  but the way they operate is n't going to save greece : they are buying infrastructures and are extending them , using chinese workers to operate them . 
  the * modus operandi * is the same in every chinese-owned infrastructure in foreign countries , especially in africa . 
  the eu can `` save '' the greek economy . 
  sadly , there 's still a lack of will to do so , as it will be costly . 
  therefore , the eu is kicking the can down the road . 
  museums ( beaux-arts , arts contemporain and confluences especially ) are well worth it . 
  if you are less than 26 years old or have a student card , the entrance is very cheap . 
  or if you are not into museums , at least take a coffee at the * terrasses saint pierre * . 
  climbing to * fourvi\u00e8re * , visiting churches , wandering in the * parc de la t\u00eate d'or * and in the * vieux lyon * are mandatory . 
  food is very important in lyon . 
  try a * tarte praline * ( best one at jocteur near * \u00eele barbe * , but there are many places to buy some ) and pay a visit to * les halles paul bocuse * , which is a covered market with very high quality products . 
  bike renting system can be very useful . 
  look at the first 30 seconds of [ hollande 's entrance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lvrlhltioc ) during the exceptional congress in versailles , which looks a lot like a '' * lit de justice * '' ; or what the [ presidential palace ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmwarvwj6c0 ) actually look like in comparison to a [ plebeian 's cottage ] ( https://youtu.be/tno9-rqxyew?t=33s ) from a real parliamentary democracy . 
   ireland produces 63.2 % of european-consumed pharmaceuticals are you sure about your claim ? 
  according to the european federation of pharmaceutical industries and associations , [ ireland has around 10 % ] ( http://www.efpia.eu/uploads/figures_key_data_2013.pdf ) of europe 's pharmaceutical production in value , around 10 % of its exports and less than 4 % of europe 's employment in the sector . 
  the flats and the buildings themselves are decent , even if elevators are sometimes broken . 
  buildings are not pretty , but it 's not disgusting either . 
  real problem is an excessive concentration of unemployment , poverty and crime , which result in places that are not really enjoyable to live in and bad schools . 
  as a result , you have a downward spiral : people that have the means to live elswhere just leave the place , they are replaced by people that ca n't get anything better such as poor immigrants , elevators ' mechanics do n't want to come , doctors do n't want to work there , people are poor and therefore shops are not oppening there , people that ca n't leave are worse off and are disregarded by others , teenagers are mad and do stupid things as a result , which makes everyone worse off , relationship with the police is tense etc. 
  still , it depends on the banlieue , as there are many degrees . 
  even the worst is not on rio 's favelas level or even america 's poorest projects . 
  i 've never had any problems of safety by going through some pretty mediocre banlieues , despite the fact that i 've done it hundreds of times and that my look screams that i 'm not from there . 
  i went to middle-school and high school in the middle of some pretty poor banlieues , and really it 's not awful , just overall mediocre . 
  1 ) i do n't have the current numbers , but in 2006 , rent was on average about 310 $ per month in social housing .
