  then many of them took a cheap bus and came back to france . 
  that 's why their population is quite stable ( 15 000 to 20 000 ) despite around 10 000 evictions per year . 
  the french government 's policy about gypsies is mainly a show for the medias . 
   without much criticism by european media . 
  i ca n't talk about the european medias , but there were a lot of criticism by international institutions . 
  the un and the usa criticized the french government for this policy . 
  barroso also criticized the french government . 
  viviane reading , european commissionner for justice called this `` a shame '' and tried to fight sarkozy about this issue . 
  then mutti merkel said that she supported sarkozy and its policy against the european commission . 
  sweden and switzerland are just behind them , surrounded by developing countries . 
  if the eu pushes for such a policy , the backlash will be huge , which means a great loss of political capital for an institution that already does n't seem to have enough of such capital . 
  considering its tricky position , it 's better for the eu to focus on issues that involve cooperation or competition between the member states . 
  some people are paid to insert bugs in your program , or at least are paid to keep it unfixed . 
  actually they did , but that 's beside the point . 
  there has been a shift in values among the elite during the last decades , despite the fact that it 's detrimental to the institutions , which they used to lead . 
  i would have a hard time imagining eisenhower , truman , churchill , de gaulle or jean monnet going to work for goldman sachs after their public offices , even if their qualifications were at least on par with barroso 's . 
  nowadays , tony blair went to work for jp morgan chase and ui energy corporation , gerhard schr\u00f6der worked for gazprom and barroso goes to goldman sachs . 
  a retired european commission president does n't have any problem to pay bills . 
  once retired from public duty , high level civil servants and politicians used to only care about honours and being remembered well in history books . 
  now they try to get rich . 
  sadly , that 's how the system works . 
  companies are competing against each other . 
  therefore , they thrive on any competitive advantage they can find . 
  being honest and ethical is a handicap , aka a competitive disadvantage . 
  ultimately , the winners of the competition are those that have the most competitive advantages . 
  apple would never have become what they are with self-imposed ethics and honesty ( well , we might also find out that they would have never become what they are with merely being law-abiding ... ) . 
  when you see that many companies try to get competitive advantages through corruption , child labour , quasi-slavery or completely disregarding safety or the environment , trying to avoid as much tax as possible is n't * that * bad . 
   paris , for instance , `` is the city of light , the city of love , and a city of lunch , '' said hubertus v\u00e4th , head of the frankfurt main finance trade group . 
  `` and in finance , lunch is for losers . '' here lies the great cultural divide that will ultimately break the eu . 
  as socrates said , the life without lunch is not worth living . 
  there 's no resentment at all against the tourists , but there 's resentment between many catalans and the rest of spain . 
  ( general advice in belgium though : do n't try to speak french to flemish people in flanders without making it obvious that you are french and not walloon . ), 
  yes , they 'd like something like `` occitanie et catalogne '' or `` occitanie-roussillon '' . 
  or something more neutral like `` pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-m\u00e9dit\u00e9rran\u00e9e '' as bernard guasch said . 
  but this story is being taken out of proportion . 
  i 'm sure that basques would have liked to have `` pays basque '' or `` euzkadi '' written in their region 's name , or the savoyards would have liked to have `` savoie '' instead of `` alps '' , same with alsace etc. . . nobody wants to erase french catalans . 
  still , there 's some irony in the fact that the name `` occitanie '' is the consequence of a movement of regional cultures and languages renewal in which catalans have a significant responsibility . 
  i would n't call the current situation in spanish catalunya ( or in belgium for example ) healthy . 
  the resentment is palpable even for a tourist in the streets . 
  edit : that was poorly phrased . 
  i meant that even a tourist can witness the resentment , not that he will suffer from the resentment himself . 
   the guy broke swiss law so he 's being prosecuted , not a huge shocker . 
  sadly for him , he 's not gaddafi 's son . 
  there are 450 000 people in french catalunya ( less than 1 percent of the whole french population ) . 
  out of them , about 60 000 people speaks catalan , usually as a second or third language ( about 1 per mille of the whole french population ) . 
  there 's a reform dividing france in 13 administrative regions instead of 22 . 
  those regions have a very small effective power ( mainly highschools buildings , ports and public transportation outside of cities and tgvs ) , because the french republic is a centralised state with a `` mille-feuilles administratif '' ( = many various administrative levels ) . 
  some people in catalunya are unhappy because the region where they happen to live is n't called catalunya , despite the fact that they represent a tenth of this region 's population and 6 % of its area . 
  why does the nyt care about this story ? 
  sure they are n't flawless , they are n't necessarily even better than those that they replaced . 
  their biggest failure though is to have let people believe that this would be any different with them . 
  not necessarily . 
  imagine that clinton wins , and 3 years later , a huge economic crisis happens . 
  then it will be an easy win for the next populist republican , even a rather crazy one . 
  you are looking at it in the wrong way , which is why it appears absurd . 
  defense is used as an excuse by italy to get more financial margin . 
  this position is also appealing to france . 
  well , it 's not like if ms raggi in rome or syriza in greece were responsible for the mess they are currently in . 
  they did n't inherited a better situation before proceeding to destroy it ( like the venezuelan government did ) . 
  they just are n't able to sort it out , just as traditional ruling parties were n't able to do so before them ... 
  he 's a french professional politician , studied in a business school , first became member of parliament at 27 yo , now he 's 65 . 
  he 's politically a right wing conservative and he 's rather pragmatic , not a populist nor a neoliberal . 
  he 's vice president of the ppe and was currently special councelor to the european commission for the policy of defense and security . 
  he has been european commissioner for the regional policy ( 1999-2004 ) and for the internal market and services ( 2010-2014 ) . 
  that 's during the latter that british newspapers liked to criticize him a lot for trying to destroy the city ( which was a lie ) and not speaking english ( which is true ) . 
  to be fair , not selling them weapons while still giving them huge amount of dollars for their oil , and sheltering them when they come as tourists or residents in paris or london would n't improve the situation at all . 
  the saudis would just use this huge amount of money in order to buy more american or russian or chinese weapons . 
  the core of the case is not about the transfer pricing 's definition . 
  that 's what apple is saying . 
  it 's actually about illegal state-aid . 
  the transfer pricing definition only has consequences on what is owed to the irish revenue over other european states ' tax administrations ( because you ca n't use transfer pricing to a stateless entity like apple did ) . 
  as you know , it 's in apple 's interest to be taxed in ireland over other european states . 
  if apple gets its way with transfer pricing 's definition , then they wo n't have to pay 13 billion to the irish revenue . 
  but they 'll be sued by every single other member state , and will be liable for much more than 13 billion euros . 
  you can lower your effective tax rate by using tax deduction schemes . 
  you ca n't use those retroactively . 
  for example , if the revenue finds out that you had a * de facto * corporation on which you was n't paying taxes , or hidden activities , you 'll have to pay the standard rate ( plus penalties ) . 
  if it happens that apple earned 5 billion in france on which they never paid taxes while they had to , the rate wo n't be 7 % , but the standard 33.33 % . 
  plus penalties . 
  apple paid its taxes about the value effectively created in ireland at the standard rate ( the value created by those 5000 irish apple workers ) . 
  that 's just one part of apple 's activity in ireland . 
  the second part is the problematic one on which apple paid extremely low taxes . 
  the commission is cracking down on this second huge entity , made of the result of sales in the rest of the eu through transfer pricing . 
  this second entity was used to funnel the money from european sales to tax havens through ireland . 
  you do n't have a single apple store in ireland , whereas even belfast has one , because it would have caused the risk of confusing both apple 's entities in ireland . 
  edit : this is an oversimplification . 
  the commission also considers that the irish factory ( apple operations europe ) is n't paying it 's due taxes , but the amount is very small in comparison to the sales entity ( apple sales international ) . 
  the 13 billion euros are n't a fine but simply what apple should have pay as an irish resident paying the standard tax rate ( and not their special agreement with the irish government ) . 
  not a single member state would be able to claim a share of what the irish revenue would have collected if the commission ruling is upheld . 
  13 billion are what you get if you uses the irish tax rate of 12.5 % . 
  other countries have different rates ( usually two or three times higher ) . 
  imagine that ( worst case scenario for apple and the irish revenue ) the scheme collapses completely , and apple has to pay in each european country taxes for what they earned there , instead of being taxed only in ireland : then the total would be between 40 and 60 billion euros , not 13 billion euros . 
  in such case , each country would make apple pay independently . 
  for those that ca n't read french , maya ksouri ( a tunisian lawyer ) explains that the burkini and the veil are n't merely a piece of clothing , but a religious symbol that has three effects : * separating the good virtuous muslim women from the other impure women , allowing the public shaming of the latter * displaying publicly the inferiority of women , that have to be hidden from the view of the men , because they are naturally sexually obsessed * a political symbol of the conquering islam those reasons have been explicitly stated by islamist themselves like abdelhamid jelassi in his memoirs . 
  they have been proved effective in the arab world since the reigns of atat\u00fcrk , nasser or bourguiba . 
  according to her , islamists are hipocritically hidden behind arguments such as individual freedom . 
  at the same time , some left wing people are defending the burkini and the veil in the name of human rights . 
  according to her , those people are `` useful idiots '' . 
  imo , nathan j. robinson is acting as a useful idiot . 
  other states ca n't claim any share of those 13 billions .
