  i 'm just talking about discrimination enforced by law . 
  * de jure * , discrimination against the jews mostly disappeared with the revolution . 
  but * de facto * , discrimination was still there . 
  therefore , jews ' situation in france became slightly less bad than in other european countries , but you are right , it still was n't a good situation . 
  can someone explain why their number decreased in the uk ? 
  emigration toward the us ? 
  legally , discrimination of jews ended in france with the revolution , whereas it was still strong all over europe . 
  40 000 jews were living in france in 1790 . 
  many european jews came there during the xixth and xxth centuries to flee persecution , especially from eastern europe . 
  75 % of the jews living in france during wwii escaped deportation . 
  75 000 jews died in france during that time . 
  france became a safe haven after the war for many jews trying to rebuild their lives . 
  at the end of wwii , 180 000 jews were living in france . 
  in 1950 , they were 250 000 . 
  the stream kept on with many jews coming from eastern europe and northern africa during the next decades . 
  nowadays though , the french jewish population is stagnant , with a net emigration toward israel . 
   and psa ? 
  opel and vauxhall serve the same mass-market segment as do peugeot and citro\u00ebn well , opel and vauxhall are the same cars in two markets under two different names , so it 's just one more brand . 
  according to its ceo , [ psa has two main reasons for buying opel ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2017/03/04/les-obstacles-a-une-alliance-entre-opel-et-psa-ont-presque-tous-ete-leves_5089150_3234.html ) : * peugeot and citro\u00ebn never managed to get a decent share of the german 's market . 
  psa holds around 3 % of this market , whereas opel holds 7 % . 
  even if they are selling similar cars , they are not exactly overlapping as they have different market shares in different countries . 
  they are geographically complementary . 
  that 's why psa 's ceo keeps saying that : `` opel has to remain a german brand . '', 
  * psa feels that they need to grow fast in order to bear investments that are becoming heavier , such as electric cars , autonomous vehicles , less polluting vehicles ... psa is selling 3 millions cars a year currently . 
  with opel , they aim for 5 millions cars in 2020 . 
  if you ca n't aim for the us market , you have a huge handicap , because the us amounts to almost a third of the worldwide market . 
  if you add in the rest of english-speaking countries that behave in the same way , that 's almost 40 % of the world market in which you basically ca n't compete , whereas your competition can , and you are also at a disadvantage in the rest of the world outside of your own borders ( that amount for a few percent of the world market share ) . 
  in any industry , that 's an impossible position . 
  this kind of regulation is actually a form of subsidy system . 
  the only difference with a typical subsidy system is that the subsidy is distributed through the consumers ' choice instead of through an administration 's choice , and the producers keep more freedom than through a traditional subsidy system . 
  well , in the uk , your language conveniently allows your production to compete in the whole world , including in the world 's single biggest market . 
  it 's true for any kind of media , be it books , music , movies , tv shows or news outlets . 
  when a great british movie is made , it can have great success in the world and great success in the us . 
  [ when a great movie ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?page=main&amp;id=girlwiththedragontattoo.htm ) is made in another language from a european country , it can at best have decent results worldwide , a ridiculously small market share in the us , and then an [ american remake ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?page=main&amp;id=girldragontattoo11.htm ) will be made achieving a much higher success in the us despite not being significantly superior to its original version . 
  the highest grossing film in the us not made in english , * crouching tiger , hidden dragon * , is the 424th highest grossing film on this market . 
  the second one , * life is beatuiful * , is 1333rd on this list ( and it was dubbed ) . 
  with a * de facto * extremely limited access to the biggest market in the world , you ca n't simply `` compete '' . 
  do you really believe that if * harry potter * had been made in italy or finland in italian or finnish , it would have had the same success ? 
  indeed . 
  diverting funds from the european parliament in order to finance her party is a big deal and she deserves punishment for it . 
  prosecuting her for sharing images of something that sadly happens currently in order to show how barbaric it is is just stupid . 
  showing without censoring it what the nazis , the japanese or the khmers rouges did did n't make the world worse . 
  showing what is is doing is n't making the world worse . 
  people perpetrating murders and acts of barbarism are making the world worse . 
  rough translation of the article from the french [ penal code ] ( https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichcode.do?idsectionta=legiscta000006165283&amp;cidtexte=legitext000006070719&amp;datetexte=20110316 ) le pen allegedly infringed :  voluntarily recording , by any mean , on any kind of medium , images of physical violence against a person is constitutive of an act of complicity punished by the same sentence as the physical violence itself . 
   broadcasting this kind of image is punished by a maximum of 5 years of imprisonement and a fine of 75 000 euros . 
   this article is n't applicable when recording or broadcasting this kind of image happens during the ordinary course of a profession aimed at informing the public , or is being done in order to serve as evidence in court . 
  should pictures of death camps during wwii and in cambodia be consored if they have been made by the nazis or the khmers rouges themselves and are not shared publicly by journalists or policemen and lawyers in court ? 
  that 's not exactly `` foreign-language '' if it 's your mother tongue though . 
  how much are average canadians exposed to foreign language movies though ? 
  i ca n't find any data on foreign-language movies in canada 's boxoffice . 
  in the us , foreign-language films are making up [ 0.5 % of the domestic market ] ( http://time.com/1785/does-anyone-in-the-u-s-still-go-to-foreign-films-yes-indians/ ) , a number that is skewed up by indians and hispanic immigrants . 
  the uk is still watching more foreign-language films than the us , but the trend is the same with a very small and shrinking market share . 
  if canada is facing a similar situation , then canadians are probably not really being exposed to the best media from around the globe . 
  that 's how many teachers behave in french schools , be it middle-school or university . 
  they are way less forgiving than in germany , the uk or the us for example . 
  if a french student asks a silly question or gives a dumb answer in class , it 's pretty common for a teacher to be rude with him , or even almost humiliate him in front of the class . 
  they often do n't pull any punches . 
  on the other hand , i 've seen british and german teachers trying hard to be gentle with a student that gave a dumb answer , because they want to incentivize their students to try and participate . 
  what you experienced might have something to do with that . 
  people that are not used to this behavior simply understand this as a display of rudeness , but that 's usually how you learn here . 
  she 's refusing to be questioned using her parliamentary immunity granted by the european parliament . 
  an average frenchman does n't have the choice to meet the police or not when the police formally wants them to be questioned . 
  he just has the right to not answer the questions or leave the police office at will , but has to come first . 
  exactly . 
  also , several companies related to the rana plaza collapse such as * cama\u00efeu * wo n't be concerned either thanks to the threshold of 5000 employees . 
  many french people do n't believe that the nordic model would work in france . 
  but they are impressed by this system nonetheless , whereas they often dispise many british , us or even german policies . 
  french people dislike `` flexibility '' because they think that they 'll have the flexibility without the security . 
  but most french people would be glad to trade the french labour market against the danish labour market . 
  they just believe that it would n't work in france . 
  likewise , french people believe ( rightfully so imo ) that educational reform supposedly aimed at replicating finland 's success in this area are actually fake copies aimed at reducing educational spending , or at least wo n't work at all . 
  even if they do n't think that it would work in france , they are still impressed by finland 's educational success . 
  on the other hand , they despise south korea or japan 's educational policies , even if they are successful , because they are seen as borderline abusive for students . 
  that 's why i say the model is positively connoted . 
  believing that we can have it is another matter though . 
  the uk bribery act goes further than the fcpa . 
  it applies to french parent companies with more than 5000 employees , and french and foreign parent companies with more than 10000 employees . 
  therefore , only french parent companies with more than 5000 employees and less than 10000 employees will have to do something more than their foreign counterparts . 
  maximum liability is 10 million euros . 
  companies will be merely forced to establish a plan and reasonably control it . 
  overall , it wo n't be a handicap significant enough to decide to move the company 's headquarters abroad . 
  look at the uk bribery act 2010 . 
  it has consequences on british corporations , foreign corporations that want to do business in the uk and corporations that want to do business with a corporation from one of the first two categories . 
  it goes much further than this french law . 
  nobody is laughing at it . 
  even us companies are not laughing at it . 
  you are greatly underestimating the willingness of corporations to do business in a `` small '' country like the uk or france , and their legal outreach . 
  they do n't need to have leverage on other countries , because they have leverage on corporations that want to do business with them, 
   looking at macron 's offer specifically , i wonder how the nordic model is viewed in french society ? 
  is it a particularly positive thing he is saying by mentioning this word , `` nordic model '' ? 
  would the average frenchman know what exactly that is and what it would entail ? 
  or is it a more technocratic kind of statement ? 
  this kind of reference is n't new in the french political debate . 
  it 's consensual . 
  for most french voters , especially around the center and the center-left socialists , but also among many right wing voters , the `` nordic model '' is very positively connoted . 
  it 's a broad idea , with stuff like finnish educational model , danish flexible and secure job market , or sweden , norway and denmark overall high development . 
  it 's seen as a model that manage to achieve good social results , including a fair and relatively equal society , while being efficient economically , which is why it 's positively connoted . 
  on the other hand , an anglo-saxon model ( like thatcher or reagan 's policies ) is seen as efficient economically but deeply unfair and unequal , thus disliked by most french people . 
   why would you forgive the debt ?
