  macron answered :  `` i do n't believe in this conflict between eastern and western europe . 
  there are tensions , because our collective imaginaries and our recent histories are n't the same . 
  i wo n't forget this sentence of bronislaw geremek , that i met about twenty years ago at the time of european enlargement : `` europe does n't get how much it owes to us . '', 
  for his generation , which was strongly attached to the europe of the enlightenment , western europe had betrayed when they let a wall being built and the continent dividing itself . 
  nowadays , when i hear some european leaders , they betray twice . 
  they decide to give up the principles , to turn their back at europe , to have a cynical approach toward the union , which would only be useful to spend its funds without having to respect its values . 
  ** europe is n't a supermarket . 
  europe is a common destiny . 
  ** it becomes weaker when it allows its principles to be rejected . 
  european countries that disrespect the rules have to draw their political conclusions . 
  and it 's not just an eastern-western debate . 
  i 'll talk with everybody and with respect , but i wo n't compromise on europe 's principles , on solidarity and on democratic values . 
  if europe accepts this , it means that europe is weak and has already disappeared . 
  it 's not my choice . '', 
  [ cambridge dictionary ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/solidarity )  solidarity : agreement between and support for the members of a group , especially a political group :  * the situation raises important questions about solidarity among member states of the un . 
  * eu members states set up a fund called the eu solidarity fund in order to mutualize support if a natural disaster occur . 
  here a country needs it and will get funds from it following an earthquake . 
  how is that not solidarity ? 
  that 's straight up the english definition . 
  you are conflating solidarity and charity . 
  the fact that italy is a net payer toward the eu budget is irrelevant , in the same way that the fact that someone pays much more taxes than average is irrelevant when it comes to use a public service . 
  to this day , 24 countries have already used this fund for an amount of about 5 billion euros . 
  members of parliament have just been elected in france . 
  they are doing their first entrance in the national assembly and therefore visit the place . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is the leader of the left wing movement called * france insoumise * . 
  he has been elected , along 16 other members of his party . 
  he 's leading his group of mps and ends up shocked when he finds out that there 's an eu flag standing along the french flag in the middle of the assembly . 
  rough translation :  m\u00e9lenchon : `` honestly , are we forced to bear that ? 
  come on , it 's the french republic here . 
  it 's not the virgin mary . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  this stuff is unconstitutional . '', 
   another mp asks him why he 's saying that . 
   m\u00e9lenchon answers : `` because they put it in the [ side note : failed project ] project of constitutional reform , you know , europe 's flag . '', 
  full-time workers work about 39 hours a week on average in france ( 1650 hours per year ) . 
  well-educated professionals work much more than that . 
  middle management work on average around 44 hours per week ( 1870 hours per year ) . 
  non salaried people work on average 55 hours per week . 
  the law on `` 35 hours per week '' is publicly known , but actual working hours are not that low for many people . 
  as you say , it depends a lot on people . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  he 's asking for the us to stop taking unilateral decisions that will affect european countries . 
  he 's advocating for multilateral decisions being taken between concerned and supposedly allied countries . 
  french farmers get the same amount of cap subsidies than eu 's average ( slightly less than eu 's average actually ) . 
  it just so happens that france is the biggest country in the eu , with the biggest agricultural area and the biggest agricultural output . 
  therefore , it gets the biggest share of the cap . 
  we are not net receivers of the cap though . 
  there 's no special treatment here . 
  the single real special treatment regarding the cap is the british rebate . 
  france wants to keep the cap , but does n't get any special treatment from it . 
  to be fair , there are many eu flags on public buildings in france . 
  it 's even more humbling when you think about the context in which it has been written . 
  it has n't been written and agreed on by disconnected people that lived an overprotected , peaceful and cushy life . 
  it has been made just after ww2 , in a continent that had n't even been rebuilt yet , notably by people that took a part in fighting the worst among us . 
  now , people that are actually living through overprotected , peaceful and cushy times are so revengeful that they 'd want to allow some `` enhanced interrogation techniques '' and get rid of human rights if needed . 
  ps4 and nintendo switch are overrated . 
  philips cd-i and nokia n-gage forever . 
  i do n't think that men make up a socially advantaged group . 
  this group is way too big . 
  they are not advantaged by law anymore , and looking at society as a whole will tell you that men are overrepresented at the very top , but so are they at the very bottom . 
  there 's very little in common between a male politician or a male board member of a huge corporation , and a homeless man or a male prisoner . 
  men are significantly overrepresented in both groups ( actually , their overrepresentation is much bigger in the last group of people ) . 
  women politicians and board members are socially advantaged people . 
  women are also underrepresented in massively socially disadvantaged groups such as homeless people and prisoners . 
   or that once those systems are supposedly removed the new reality will just so conveniently happen to mostly preserve the biases and power structures of that discriminatory past , without any actual discrimination ? 
  women are overrepresented among students in universities . 
  more than 2/3rd of new medical doctors and lawyers are women , both high paying careers that used to be exclusively made up of men . 
  no positive discrimination has been done there , and obviously it was n't needed . 
  it 's not a clear case of group a is better off than group b anymore , as when the law enforced actual unequality . 
  it 's a complex issue , and we should rather treat each person as an individual in front of the law . 
  trying to reestablish equality through unequality is a dangerous game . 
   it does n't say anything about whether those men running are equally qualified and have more merit yes . 
  but likewise , the fact that less women are in parliament does n't prove , in itself , that their merit is necessarily disregarded . 
  that 's the problem with positive discrimination : people that happen to reach success and also are a member of the protected community will be disregarded as possibly less competent . 
  if one 's say that : half of the people are women , but they are less than half in parliament and in corporate boards , which proves that they are discriminated . 
  then one 's also has to accept that if a minority ( 29 % ) of a pool ends up being half of the chosen candidates/board members , then it 's because they are discriminated ( positively ) . 
  my argument of `` telling '' is flawed , but so is the traditional argument for positive discrimination , because these are the same arguments . 
   i doubt a relatively small fine mattered to macron , considering it apparently does n't matter to the lr . 
  it 's significant and macron needs that money . 
  currently , his party had to be mainly funded by loans , because as it is brand new , they did n't have any public money . 
  every candidate had to come up with a personal loan of about 40k euros . 
  now that the socialists have been obliterated , they 'll have to fire half of their staff solely due to the reduction of public funds given by the state thanks to having elected mps . 
  they might have to sell their headquarter too . 
  for most parties , this money is essential . 
  lr 's funding is shady , to say the least . 
  sarkozy used twice as much money as allowed during his campaign in 2012 . 
  an investigation is going on on this . 
  there 's also an investigation on him getting money from gaddafi before 2007 . 
  even if proofs were not enough for the court , there were arguments that he also got money directly from liliane bettencourt . 
  law n \u00b0 88-227 , 11th march 1988 , about financial transparency in political life , article 9-1 . 
  parties suffer financial penalties if there 's a gap superior to 2 % between men and women candidates . 
  the penalty is proportional to the gap . 
  les r\u00e9publicains notoriously do n't respect this law , and thus lost millions of euros . 
  well i gave you the answer of why the party chosed this target . 
  why is it written in law and in the constitution in the first place ? 
  because currently , discrimination in politics is bad unless it 's done in order to favour the only minority that 's actually a majority . 
  it also applies to sitting in a corporate board . 
  feminists wanted it because they believed that law has to be unequal in order to create a reality that seems equal . 
  they had no real opposition because being an opponent would have make one 's appear as an old fart . 
  thus , our mighty parliament decided that it was wise , in 1999 , to modify the first article of the constitution .
