  being a great finance minister for greece in this situation is almost impossible . 
  it 's basically a job in which you have to beg your creditors to give you slightly more leeway , and they ask you to cut one of your fingers in exchange . 
  your only freedom is that you can choose which finger . 
  every year , during several years . 
   look at the population density of nordic countries and now look up who is constantly among the happiest people on the planet . 
  right , the very same countries . 
  nordic countries are not happy because most of their territories is empty . 
  according to this logic , the netherlands would be a painful place to live in , which it clearly is n't . 
   tax evasion is a sign that taxes are too high and should be lowered , along with expenses . 
  and robbery is a sign that goods are too expensive and wages are too low . 
  france has a lack of medium-sized companies , which are the kind of companies in this list . 
  given size population , you can also look at belgium ( 4 ) , denmark ( 2 ) , norway ( 2 ) or austria ( 2 ) . 
  together , they have 30 millions inhabitants and 10 companies on the list , which probably means that ... we should n't read too much in this list . 
  let 's say that a truck-driver loads in barcelona , and then drives toward marseille where he unloads . 
  then he loads again in marseille , drives toward barcelona where he unloads . 
  obviously , the truck driver worked half of the time in spain , and half of the time in france . 
  what would be fair in terms of competition would be that the same laws have to be followed by any truck-driver doing this job , be it french , spanish or swedish , including minimum wage law . 
  a country enforcing its minimum wage law within its borders is n't equivalent to `` creating artificial administrative barriers '' . 
  the problem is that thanks to the way international shipping works , the system needed to do so ends up being necessarily excessively complex if each country tries to set up its own specific system . 
  this current trend of each western european country ( germany , france , austria ... ) setting up its own specific administrative system , in order to enforce its own specific minimum wage would have led to an excessively byzantin system . 
  it would have been very costly for big shipping firms , and unbearable for their smaller competition . 
  nonetheless , the * status quo * here is exactly the kind of stuff that is fueling hate toward the eu among western europe 's working class . 
  it 's also clearly undermining poor workers ' social rights . 
  a pan-eu solution has to be found . 
   but that does n't mean that the opposite is true , that all unions are automatically good and desirable . 
  as with everything else in the world , things have positives and negatives and it depends . 
  you need to reach an equilibrium , which is n't easy . 
  german companies have generally reached a pretty good one . 
  macron is 39 . 
  you should choose someone older if you plan on inheriting . 
  some will grow up and will ultimately inherit some real-estate if they had been wise enough in the choice of their parents . 
  these people will get smart and vote tories . 
  i 'm afraid that the rest wo n't find out any better though . 
   what was he expecting ? 
  exactly this . 
  he knew that he was n't going to get acclaimed at all . 
  he talked to union leaders and then to workers during a few hours , listening to their questions , answering that the priority was to help them training again in order to find a new job , and said that he was n't going to make empty promises . 
  that 's not the first time that he tries to do that , and he 's quite good at arguing like that . 
  he only had two other choices anyway , as he had been invited by union leaders to come there and marine le pen decided to come first : * he could have not went there , in which case he would have appeared as a coward or not caring about workers losing their jobs . 
  * or he could have went there spreading lies such as swearing that the factory wo n't close if he gets elected , for example through a temporary nationalization , like le pen did . 
  it 's true , because the typical republican voter is quite well off ( typically a middle aged or old white person with a pretty good career and business inclination ) . 
  also , many working class and unqualified people in the us are from racial minorities that overwhelmingly vote democrats . 
  what was noticeable though was the trend of white people with low education and low income turning toward trump , which was similar in brexit and here with marine le pen . 
  these people used to be strongly leaning toward the left , and are shifting toward the opposite of the political spectrum . 
  that 's probably where the comparison between le pen , brexit and trump would be most apt . 
  macron significantly leads among managers , professionals , self-employed workers , and intermediate professions ( technicians etc. ) . 
  these people are not believing that things will be getting worse if the * status quo * remains or slight reforms kick in . 
  they are also pretty confident that their children are not necessarily going to be worse off than themselves . 
  le pen leads among employees ( 55 % ) and workers ( 62 % ) , which are also the people that believe the most that things are n't getting better as of now and are actually getting worse since three decades , and that their children will be worse off than themselves . 
  unqualified workers suffer the most from current economic trends and unemployment . 
  you can also add a map about gdp per capita , population 's density , the share of professionals and upper-middle class people or the share of young people and you 'll have the same results . 
  which leads to the same results in many western countries : thriving cities are where immigrants , young people and professionals come ; many immigrants are muslims and thus build mosques where they live ; crime is higher in thriving cities than in the countryside ; people in the countryside tend to be older than national average ; they vote more for the extreme right than the people that actually live with muslim immigrants in big cities . 
  there are n't that many muslims in [ ari\u00e8ge ] ( https://s.iha.com/00123313675/ariege-chateau-de-la-ville-de-foix.jpeg ) and [ dordogne ] ( http://leseyzies-tourist.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/castelnaud-dordogne.jpg ) . 
  on the other hand , mayotte voted for fillon ( 32 % ) , le pen ( 27 % ) and macron ( 19 % ) . 
  they gave 8 % to m\u00e9lenchon . 
  95 % of mayotte 's population is muslim . 
  it 's a two rounds system . 
  people vote directly for the presidential candidate and cast a single vote per round . 
  first round was today . 
  there were 11 candidates . 
  the first two candidates , emmanuel macron and marine le pen , received the highest number of votes and thus proceed to the second round , which will happen in two weeks . 
  the second round 's winner will become president for a duration of 5 years . 
  macron , a central liberal , is favorite by a pretty wide margin , because almost all of the other candidates and many of their voters are completely opposed to marine le pen . 
  two months later , there will be the legislative elections , which will be very important as deputies elect the government . 
  it 's possible to have a president and a government that are opposed , in which case the government will actually lead the country . 
  this legislative election is currently quite unpredictable , as macron 's party is brand new , and as the two main establishment parties lost today . 
   working on an outsourced job makes the matters even worse . 
  i 'm a student , i work as a taxi booking operator for a swedish company and get piss-poor salary compared to what the same people in sweden would get . 
  on the other hand , would you be paid more by working in an entry level job in latvia if globalization did n't led to swedish jobs being outsourced there ? 
   as if that would n't be enough , there 's always the presence of feeling like you 're a `` second-grade human '' when people treat you like shit just because your swedish is not so good . 
  if that 's similar to the feeling french people have by reaching call centers in morocco , or british people by reaching indians , in order to call respectively a french or british company , they are not treating you poorly because you are a `` second-grade human '' . 
  they are pissed off because they feel that if the company they are calling outsourced their customer services abroad in a country where people speak their language as a foreign language , it means that said company does n't really care a lot about its customers . 
  sadly , the poor soul receiving the abuse is n't the company 's director , but the entry level worker that just does his job . 
  sorry , i ca n't do any better . 
   now many students , if they encounter it , are taught that western civilization is a history of oppression . 
  school systems and history courses might differ in western countries , but that 's definitely not what i 've been taught , be it in school or at university level . 
  this '' [ ... europe ] '' trend is getting a bit old to begin with , even if circle-jerking around beautiful libraries is harmless . 
  i do n't see the point of this `` warriors of europe '' though , and i do n't think that praising people for being a talented waffen-ss and good at killing vietnamese people that had nothing to do with him should become a trend here . 
  what 's next ? 
  a post on rommel ? 
  he was more a world class fiction writer than a philosopher . 
  also , he used to be the living proof of the impact that a passionate primary school teacher can have on his students . 
  i do n't know if you are joking or not , but the share of black people in france is estimated between 3 and 7 % of the whole population . 
  at least a third of them is living in overseas territories . 
  among the black people that live in metropolitan france , most of them live in a handful of cities ( mainly eastern paris and neighbouring suburbs , some marseille 's or lyon 's neighbourhoods ) . 
  most of the nuts region of france shown there , including most of the orange ones , have a very insignificant population of black people . 
  same could be said about mena immigrants and their descendants by the way , even if they are more numerous and spread out around the country . 
  as mena immigrants have a fertility rate that is only marginally higher than france 's fertility rate , they do n't have a disproportionate impact on france 's overall fertility rate . 
   in the course of my reporting , many have told me that they had chosen to vote in favor of the presidential system because they felt they had been poorly treated in germany . 
  and that they wanted to vote `` yes '' because they knew how critically the majority of germans view erdogan and his plans . 
  [ ... ] they shot themselves in the foot in their quest for revenge . 
  no they did n't shot themselves in the foot . 
  nothing will happen to them . 
  they wo n't have to answer anything , as the questions themselves will be branded `` racist '' or `` islamophobic '' . 
  they 'll still get to happily live in one of the richest country in the world , enjoying free education , free healthcare , benefits if unemployed or find employment in a thriving labour market , enjoy their high degree of safety or the best passport in the world . 
  they shot their fellow countrymen that actually live in turkey in the foot . 
  they did so out of contempt for average germans that wo n't even be affected by the vote . 
  stupidity won over patriotism , because life must be so hard in stuttgart . 
  italy and germany are different though . 
  that 's what happens in a country continuously centralized during centuries .
