  on average , people living there had to pay 261 $ per month less thanks to social housing . 
  there are several kinds of social housing and the price can differ widely , considering the kind of social housing and the place , but overall it is 45 % cheaper . 
  2 ) just rent . 
  3 ) 19 % of the total housing is social housing . 
  in 2014 , there were 1 600 000 demands , and 500 000 people successfuly obtained one . 
  4 ) independant public or private bodies are in charge of operating the housing . 
  municipalities have to build them . 
  if they have less than 20 % social housing , they are fined by the state . 
  the state subsidize the rent . 
  5 ) it widely depends on when they had been built . 
  many of them where built during the 1960s and 1970s , are concentrated in [ * banlieues * ] ( http://www.urbanstudio.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/urbanstudio_givors_les-vernes_photo2-650x488.jpg ) , were modern at the time but are now disregarded as commieblocks . 
  some projects are being destroyed and then rebuilt by public authorities in a more liveable way . 
  there are also small [ houses ] ( http://www.grandlyonhabitat.fr/var/glh_site/storage/images/media/phototheque/nos-residences/residence-joseph-kessel/residence-joseph-kessel/36123-1-fre-fr/residence-joseph-kessel_glh_residence_large.jpg ) in some residential areas . 
  currently , modern social housing being built are often being mixed within neighborhoods and even can be some flats inside modern buildings that also have normal housing , offices and shops . 
  [ they are on par with normal housing ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/@45.6335545,4.7827234,3a,75y,242.58h,96.19t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sefk7iytnfdalwsuyvcdtca!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  6 ) they are not usually disregarded because they are social housing , but banlieues and their commieblocks are disregared . 
  there have been many scandals of influential people living in social housing , despite not needing them , notably in paris . 
  rich municipalities like neuilly-sur-seine prefer to pay the fine instead of building social housing . 
  try to push the german electorate to understand good cuisine ? 
  the e.u is over . 
  did construction get back to the ridiculous level there was before the crisis ? 
  it 's not about laziness . 
  bangladesh has a productivity of less than 2 dollars ( ppp ) per hour worked , whereas western europe has something around 55 dollars . 
  i do n't think that bangladeshi workers are significantly lazier than western europeans . 
  uk 's infrastructures , level of physical investment , r&d and investment in education outside of universities are closer to italy than france . 
  also , labour , especially cheap labour , is cheaper in the uk , which gives less incentives to increase investments as you can achieve the same output with a lower productivity , by hiring more people . 
  hourly real minimum wage is 11.2 dollars ( ppp ) in france , against 8.4 dollars in the uk . 
  the good side is that you enjoy a much better employment rate as a result . 
  exactly . 
  look at the us gaap . 
  the us managed to impose its own rules as * lingua franca * regarding accounting during the 20th century . 
  then , along with the big 4 , the eu managed to replace the us gaap by the ifrs . 
  that 's soft power in action . 
  it will matter even more in the future , as china is rising , and as india should be following its path , leading to a multi-polar world . 
  unless it 's actually working as intended . 
   the french have to give up on all their labor privileges ( 35 working hours week , absurd labor `` protection '' laws , ... ) or the germans will have to either poison their own economy to get on the same over-regulated level as france or just work more while sharing the same budget . 
  productivity in germany and france are roughly the same , and france is a net payer into the eu . 
  it 's not like germany is going to have to bear france on its shoulders . 
  if there 's a gap in the eurozone in terms of productivity ( and thus efficiency ) , it 's much more between france and italy ( and behind italy there are spain , portugal , greece ... ) than between germany and france . 
  also , contrary to the clich\u00e9 , french workers work effectively slightly more than german workers ( about 100 hours more per year on average ) . 
  germany has the lowest amount of hours worked per worker in the world . 
  by the way , the last french government reduced labor protection laws and macron has been elected while saying that following the same track further regarding labour was his main policy . 
   what 's wrong with just having an union that focuses on having an efficient ( and thus globally competitive ) market using just the right amount of federalism without unnecessarily undermining the sovereignty and democratic structures of the single member states ? 
  that 's the plan . 
  it appears that the * status quo * within the eurozone is inefficient and quite unsustainable . 
  so either we go through further integration , or we 'll have to come back to the previous situation . 
  eu law is not above the german constitution from the german point of view . 
  [ eu law ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l14548 ) is above the german constitution from the eu point of view . 
  the european court of justice already stated that ( for example with spain in the melloni case ) . 
  thus , it 's not a clear cut solution . 
  and hopefully it is n't . 
  otherwise , a european country would just have to write something in its constitution in order to avoid any part of eu legislation . 
   without a way to enforce the rules there is no way for anything like this . 
  if you do n't follow the rules , then you do n't have access to the eurozone 's ministry spendings . 
  that 's how it would be enforced . 
   limiting budget deficit to 3 % unless there 's a recession , it should be done fairly quickly . 
  even france , which had the worst deficit last year , is almost there ( it should be roughly 2.9 % for 2017 ) . 
   debt of gdp to 60 % . 
  then we are going to wait forever . 
  there 's no way greece , italy , portugal , cyprus , belgium , spain , ireland , france , austria or hungary manage to come down to 60 % in the next decade . 
  also , if these countries actually tried to do that , then welcome to the next recession . 
  germany 's public position is perfectly reasonable : euro bonds should n't be issued as long as the debt behind it depends on spending caused by independent countries ' policies . 
  that would lead to a lack of oversight and responsibility being paid by some countries ' taxpayers ( including germany ) . 
  macron never asked for this kind of euro bonds . 
  he said during his campaign that he wanted to create a eurozone 's ministry of finance , which would be under the surveillance of eurozone 's countries parliaments . 
  this ministry would have a budget and three missions : * long term investments * emergency help * reaction to economic crises . 
  independent countries would n't be able to pay their debt through eurobonds . 
  by the way , access to this ministry 's help would be limited to countries respecting strict financial rules . 
  if the german government ca n't agree on something like that or anything similar , then they are not opposed to eurobonds because there would be a lack of `` responsibility and oversight '' , or because the solution would be `` simplistic '' . 
  it would mean that they are not ready to compromise on anything , and are simply kicking the can down the road , as they have been doing since more than a decade . 
  what would be the point ? 
  is there a single european company in position to overcome google ? 
  there are only two companies that somehow might be able to use the fact that google ends up weakened : apple and microsoft , which are both americans . 
  if it was about ford or boeing , then you might have to look at it suspiciously . 
  but when it 's about google or intel or microsoft , then you do n't have much to worry about from a supposedly biased eu ... 
   tax harmonization wo n't solve the problem . 
  income should be taxed where it 's generated . 
  you are right but there are many oppositions . 
  france for example would like to tax the profits where the sale is being done ( an iphone or a starbuck 's machiato sold in greece should mean taxes are paid in greece ) . 
  germany is in favour of taxing the profits where the product has been produced ( an iphone built in china and then sold in greece should be taxed in china ) . 
  ireland among others would like the profits to be taxed where a single secretary works in an empty office because starbuck 's and apple 's intelectual properties are belonging to this office ( thus , an iphone built in china and then sold in greece should be taxed in ireland ) . 
   i am proeu but i am afraid that bloc with two overwhelmingly powerful players ca n't work . 
  i would n't be so worried about that , and i 'm not saying that because i 'm french . 
  france and germany are strong together , but they ca n't do anything against the rest of the eu or a significant part of it . 
  it 's not the community of merely 6 countries from the beginning , when italy was much poorer and trying to catch on , doing well economically but without a stable foreign policy due to unstable governments , 2 small countries and a microstate . 
  at this time , france and germany were firmly leading the european process . 
  now , there 's a union of 27 countries . 
  a single country , be it as big as spain or poland , probably ca n't oppose france and germany working together . 
  but several countries can oppose them easily . 
  look at the eu 's current problems : most of them come down to inaction . 
  macron wants to reduce france 's taxrate to 25 % , which would be average in europe . 
  to be fair , she 's not opposed to learning any kind of foreign language . 
  she 's opposed to a special policy enacted at the end of the 1970s , which is aimed at teaching languages from territories where immigrants come from . 
  she repeated it during the debate and its explicitely in her policy program . 
  the point of this policy is to make sure that immigrants ' children become fluent in both french and their parents ' language ( along with english later ) . 
  therefore , she 's only opposed to north african languages , along with portuguese , spanish , italian and serbian . 
  as a kid , her father and his friends pushed her and her sisters to call adolf hitler `` uncle dolfi '' whenever he was on tv , according to her mother . 
  they called arabs `` crouilles '' ( a word equivalent to `` nigger '' ) . 
  what can you expect with this kind of education ? 
   politics and diplomacy require specific skills and experience to be fair , being highly skilled and experienced would n't have made much difference .
