  for example , there are a few dozens of muslims from somali origin that left the area of minneapolis-saint paul in the us to fight in somalia and in syria . 
  if you take the populations of those cities as a whole , then it 's just about a few dozens people amongst many millions , which is n't a significant phenomenon . 
  but if you consider only the small somali muslim population living there , then the phenomenon appears significant . 
  what matters is the share of the muslim population in france though , not the share of the whole population . 
  nice and its region has a more significant muslim population than average france . 
  ( not saying that there 's not a specific problem in this region , i do n't know and maybe there is a heavy trend going on . ), 
  also , about extreme behavior : terrorists are n't usually long term hardcore believers . 
  their knowledge of islam is often quite limited , they went to public schools ( and not islamic schools ) , they are more often petty criminals than imams or islamic scholars . 
  they do n't become extremist in a night , but merely in a few months or years , which makes it even harder to spot . 
  i do n't think that they have a wide support amongst the muslim population , maybe they do but it does n't matter anyway . 
  why ? 
  because even when they do n't have popular support ( like in algeria during the 1990s or in tunisia today ) , they are still threatening . 
  there are 6 millions muslims in france . 
  if only 1/1000 is crazy enough and 999/1000 are against them , there will still be terror attacks . 
  islamic terrorism is also striking muslim countries and societies ( algeria during the 1990s , syria , iraq , libya , tunisia , saudi arabia , bangladesh , pakistan etc. ) . 
  average muslims there and their governments and police forces , which have less means but are much more ruthless than ours , do n't seem to be able to fix this problem there . 
  therefore , i do n't see how average muslims living in secular societies could fix the problem here either . 
  the misplaced faux tolerance that you are witnessing is annoying , but i do n't see how this stance has any impact at all on fueling islamic terrorism . 
   industrial output during the year rose by a record 97.8 per cent . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  well , you believe that nationalism brought the greatest achievements in european history and that wwii was caused by socialism . 
  it 's a delusional point of view and exactly the same as nazi propaganda . 
  the reality is much more simple : the german nazis and the italian fascists caused wwii . 
  socialism never forced germany to invade belgium , poland , the netherlands , france nor bombing the uk or to massacre millions of jews . 
  you can notice easily that none of those countries were socialists by the way . 
  they did n't take the place of a socialist regime even in germany , they took the place of the weimar republic which was a fairly moderate social democracy . 
  now please could you explain which are the `` greatest achievements in european history '' that `` have been driven by nationalism '' ? 
   the greatest catastrophe in european history arguably was wwii , and it was set in motion by the rise of socialism and reaction of societies to it . 
  really ? 
  til . 
  i always thought that wwii had been set in motion by greedy jews !, 
  / s  nationalism is a great motivating factor . 
  the greatest achievements in european history have been driven by nationalism . 
  exactly . 
  like when nationalism brought us the renaissance , the enlightenment , the industrial revolution , democracy and the current peace in europe ... 
  and labour party , french socialist party , spd , etc. 
  are as left wing as the cdu or the tories are right wing . 
  they did n't destroy their countries ' economies nor massacred millions of their inhabitants like mao 's china or stalin or chavez did . 
  if you are reasonable enough to not blame the right for the far right stupidity , you should n't blame the left for the far left stupidity . 
  me too . 
  sadly , european elections wo n't become more important unless people care more about them in order to force their government to increase the european parliament 's importance , and people wo n't care about those elections unless the european parliament become really important . 
  during the last decades , including this period from 1995 to 2014 , a large share of the growth came from the financial sector and the new technologies ( information technologies , cellphones , internet ... ) . 
  the uk grew more than southern europe mainly thanks to its financial sector , and secondly thanks to it . 
  those sectors compensated the ongoing reduction of the british industry , and its weak r&d . finland and sweden grew a lot more than southern europe because they managed to play a great role in the latter . 
  finland had the giant nokia . 
  sweden maintained a good competitiveness in its traditional sectors ( manufacturing and wood/minerals ) while developping a great startup scene that brought notably skype ( also estonian ) or spotify . 
  california , especially because of san francisco , is the world 's most important area considering new technologies . 
  those technologies are the engine behind its growth despite the californian state being already rich before . 
  sweden and finland looked a bit like mini-california from 1995 to 2014 ( of course the comparison is a stretch ) . 
  in southern europe , the financial sector did n't really changed as a share of gdp as it did in the uk . 
  also , southern europe missed a lot of the new communication technologies . 
  for example , france has the 5th or 6th biggest economy , but has only the 20th biggest digital economy . 
  italy 's situation is even worse in that regard . 
  that 's how northern europe ( finland , sweden and the uk ) grew significantly more than southern europe , despite being already richer in 1995 . 
  actually , smaller countries are overrepresented by the eu 's elections . 
  ca n't talk specifically about germany , but the perception is pretty much the same in france too . 
  it seems to be the same accross the whole eu as seen according to the [ rate of abstention ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u00c9lections_europ\u00e9ennes_de_2014#/media/file:carte_abstention_%c3%a9lections_europ%c3%a9ennes_2014.png ) during those elections . 
  the current eu is still a work in progress . 
  the parliament 's importance is growing . 
  the major factor is probably that finland and sweden have had great success with the digital economy and new communication technologies , a bit like california . 
  in comparison , italy , france , greece , portugal or spain 's digital economies are abysmal . 
  the uk focused on the financial industry , which also grew a lot . 
  europeans equate the eu with europe politically because the term `` europe '' alone , without the eu , means nothing politically . 
  switzerland and norway are too small to make this fact irrelevant in comparison to a union of 500 millions people , and they are close partners anyway . 
  idem for the balkans . 
  it 's true * a fortiori * with microstates like andorra , monaco or liechtenstein . 
  for many europeans , the eu is n't just an institution , nor simply an economic area . 
  just look at estonia in comparison to belarus . 
  strictly speaking , both are as european according to their location or culture or history . 
  still , the former is clearly considered as a part of the eu by any other european , and thus as a european country . 
  on the other hand , according to the average spanish/italian/french / belgian , belarus is n't really seen as a european country . 
  if it were located between kazakhstan and russia , it would n't be seen as anything more foreign than currently . 
  annually , about [ 2.5 millions american tourists ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/11/travel/where-will-americans-travel-in-2015-.html?_r=0 ) ( 0,8 % of the us population ) visit britain , whereas about [ 3.8 millions british people ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/us-received-record-number-visitors-2012-thanks-these-15-countries-1300347 ) ( 6 % of the british population ) visit the us . 
  i 'm also very keen to believe , according to my personal ( and thus anecdotal ) experience , that british people tend to have a much wider knowledge of american history , geography , economy and politics , than the knowledge americans have usually about the uk . 
  of course , i 'm talking about the average joe , not about the economist readership . 
  if you scroll down to `` destinations '' and `` origins '' and then hover you mouse pointer over the quadrangles , you 'll get the raw numbers and the share for each country . 
  you can add the imports and the exports . 
  * for the netherlands you 'll get $ 198b ( $ 85b export , $ 113b import ) . 
  * for france you 'll get $ 205b ( $ 120b export , $ 85b import ) * for the us you 'll get $ 183b ( $ 121b export , $ 62b import ) . 
  it 's only about goods though , as for the stats provided by the census bureau . 
  you do n't understand because you do n't want to understand . 
  eastern europeans are the main users of the freedom to work anywhere in the eu . 
  they are much keener to use this freedom than germans or french or british people . 
  this is why poland was so keen [ to veto cameron 's plan ] ( poland threatens to veto david cameron 's eu migrants benefits cuts plan ) , whereas western european countries did n't care as much as them . 
  it does n't mean that the freedom to work anywhere in europe is a special polish allowance or a special eastern european allowance . 
  germany and the netherlands are the main beneficiaries of the lack of tariffs on goods in the eu . 
  it does n't mean that it is strictly speaking a special german or dutch provision . 
  in the same way , even if the french agriculture is the main beneficiary of the cap , it does n't mean that it is strictly speaking a special french allowance . 
  i also suppose that austria could n't care less about european fishing quotas and subsidies . 
  every single time in the eu , countries are n't benefiting in the same way or to the same extent from every single european provision , allowance or policy . 
  but if they are applied equally accross the union and not specifically to a single country , it 's not a special allowance . 
  now , some special allowances exist within the eu , such as the british rebate . 
  the cap is n't one of them . 
  an allowance toward the financial sector would n't have been one of them either . 
  the rebate would n't have been a special allowance if it was n't about the uk and only the uk , but if it had been about a mechanism seeking to give funds back to the countries that use the cap less than others , thus also benefiting countries like luxembourg or belgium . 
  people in the uk are much more interested in the us than people in the us are interested in the uk though . 
  the same thing can be said about australia for example , and most of europe actually , even countries which do n't speak english as mother tongue . 
  the us is germany 's 1st trading partner if you only take into account germany 's exports . 
  if you consider [ trade as a whole ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/deu/ ) , including imports , france and the netherlands are bigger trading partners for germany than the us . 
  the us makes up 7 % of germany trade , which is more important than 4 % for the us , but not incredibly more significant .
