  germany or even the uk are doing better economically , therefore the anger is n't reaching the same level . 
  the fn has been fueled by french specific trends during the past : people that felt that decolonization of algeria was a treason , be it harkis or former paratroopers ; people feeling nostalgia of vichy ; the poujadist movement which was a right wing movement of craftsmen and local traders that fought against economic modernization and mass distribution during the 1950s and 1960s ; mitterrand discreetly helping the fn during the 1980s in order to score political points in a short sighted way ; the ashes of communist movements that used to be much more powerful ... 
  these are historical causes of the fn 's survival until now . 
  that 's how the fn survived during decades and imposed itself as the main `` fuck you '' party in france . 
  but its current success is overall quite simple when you try to understand why so many people want to say `` fuck you '' politically . 
  the second part is who 's the best to fit this niche that is mostly about sending this message and offering simplistic answers : in france , it 's the fn . 
  `` if an opinion contrary to your own makes you angry , that is a sign that you are subconsciously aware of having no good reason for thinking as you do . 
  if some one maintains that two and two are five , or that iceland is on the equator , you feel pity rather than anger , unless you know so little of arithmetic or geography that his opinion shakes your own contrary conviction . 
  the most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way . 
  persecution is used in theology , not in arithmetic , because in arithmetic there is knowledge , but in theology there is only opinion . 
  so whenever you find yourself getting angry about a difference of opinion , be on your guard ; you will probably find , on examination , that your belief is going beyond what the evidence warrants . '', 
  [ bertrand russell ] ( http://www.personal.kent.edu/~rmuhamma/philosophy/rbwritings/outintellectrubbish.htm ) . 
  her support is actually not that hard to understand . 
  the economy is lefting many people behind . 
  it 's not an opinion but a fact . 
  one just has to wander around most of northern france outside of lille to witness it first hand for example . 
  france is n't suffering from the same kind of crisis as greece or argentina , but some people are unemployed since many years . 
  the exact same trend happened in most former mining communities as in the us , in the uk or in belgium for example . 
  likewise , the same trend happens in deindustrialized areas . 
  deindustrialization hit france pretty hard , like the uk , much more so than germany . 
  she 's offering simplistic answers to this economic dawnfall with solutions akin to `` we are going to leave the euro and leave the eu and thus everything is going to be great like during the 1960s '' . 
  she is explaining this economic dawnfall by the conjunction of two enemies . 
  the first one is our `` failed establishment '' . 
  the fn is calling the establishment `` umps '' , which means that les r\u00e9publicains ( main right wing party , that used to be called ump ) and the parti socialiste ( main left wing party , also called ps ) are really the same class working against the people . 
  also , she 's blaming immigrants . 
  more specifically , everyone understands that when the fn is angry at immigrants , they are not angry at european immigrants . 
  they are angry because of people coming from maghreb and other french-speaking countries in africa . 
  obviously , there are facts behind this : they are disproportionately commiting crimes and are importing some foreign customs including a foreign religion . 
  many old people are scared by them , and many young people are mad at them . 
  her supporters do n't care about global politics , economic trends , moderation , russia 's threat or whatever . 
  many people are understandably angry , want to send a big `` fuck you '' to these two identified enemies , and are fine with simplistic answers . 
  the communist alternative is mostly dead . 
  she could be filmed saying that she 's in love with a dictator like putin , that islam must be outlawed , mosques burned to the ground and leaders of the umps sent to the guillotine without losing any support , because nobody would still fill that `` fuck you '' niche better than her . 
   and from what i gather , the french take honesty in presidential candidates very seriously . 
  well , i would n't go that far as it depends on the standard . 
  there are many successful current french politicians that are notoriously crooked and obviously lacking in honesty , but manage to keep getting reelected . 
  i 'd say that we are way less demanding than swedes or germans in that regard . 
  edouard herriot , a major french politician during the first half of the xxth century , especially in lyon , said that : `` politics are like [ * andouillettes * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andouillette ) , it has to smell a bit like shit , but not too much . '', 
  fillon just went too far . 
  most french people were fine with him using privately a jet paid by the republic in order to come back to his home for the week-end , barely 200 km away . 
  swedes would have crucified a swedish minister doing that . 
  straight up using fraud in order to steal a million euro from the public is excessive even according to french standards though , especially when you are running a platform on people having to make sacrifices and poor people being freeloaders . 
  most of the left wing will fell in line behind a right wing candidate against le pen , because they consider that the front national is fascist . 
  thus , according to them , a right wing candidate even with thatcherite policies is better than an actual fascist . 
  15 years ago , chirac won with 82 % vs le pen ( father ) during the second round . 
  obviously , people are getting tired of voting purely out of spite against the front national . 
  also , the front national is trying hard to follow a process of normalization . 
  therefore , this majority is decreasing but nevertheless is still there . 
  according to the last polls made after fillon 's scandal began , fillon would still win with 60 % vs le pen , whereas macron would win with 65 % vs her . 
  hamon ( socialist party ) should win with a smaller majority , because many right wingers are not seeing le pen as fascist in the same way most left wingers are . 
  m\u00e9lenchon ( far left ) could very well lose against le pen . 
  still , he 's unlikely to reach the second round . 
  many people felt betrayed after voting for hollande . 
  they are the kind of people that currently support hamon or m\u00e9lenchon , a bit like many labour supporters that voted for blair 20 years ago while being more in line with corbyn . 
  hollande said things like `` finance is my enemy '' in order to reach their support . 
  macron is n't trying to appeal to them at all . 
  everyone knows that he worked as a banker for rothschild . 
  he does n't even try to look as if he wanted to subjugate finance or big corporations . 
  he 's saying that he wants to go much further in the direction of laws like the labour law that sparked protests last year . 
  the left wing wo n't love him , but at least they wo n't feel betrayed by him if he gets elected . 
  a while ago , many people were saying that germany was the winner of a highly valued euro , because its industry was producing high quality products that were n't heavily affected by a high euro , whereas other countries from the eurozone such as italy , france , greece or spain would need a lower euro in order to compete . 
  when the euro was much higher , germany had a massive trade surplus . 
  now , germany is supposedly abusing an undervalued euro in order to exploit its eu partners . 
  it makes no sense . 
  germany 's massive 's trade surplus is unsustainable in the long term , but i do n't get how an undervalued euro is its cause when the situation was the same with a high euro . 
  i do n't get how the countries with the most weakened economies since the crisis , i.e. 
  southern european countries , would be better off with a higher euro ... 
  it looks like divide and conquer . 
  the current narrative against the eu and the euro became that the eu is germany 's tool , or even germany 's reich . 
   you quote lky on multiracial societies ( ironically , considering that singapore is massively multiracial and consists of some ~ 25 % non-citizens in the first place ) singapore is n't a democracy . 
  it would n't work as a democracy because it 's a multiracial society . 
  there 's no irony there . 
   the idea of the individual who thinks for themselves is the kind of unfounded dogma which western ultra-individualism teeters on . 
  [ ... ] the problem being that everyone votes as a group in society . 
  the idea of the individual as a free thinker with free will is completely unsupported in modern psychology . 
  we make decisions as groups and we adapt to fit our behaviour to groups - groups do not adapt to us . 
  our beliefs are a product of saliency , of self-identity and self-categorisation . 
  here 's the thing : our society is n't a group . 
  our society is deeply ambivalent . 
  that 's what individualism is about . 
  there are many heterogeneous groups in our society , you can go for one , then change , those groups themselves change over time etc. 
  ambivalence within society is a democratic feature . 
  you ca n't have a real democracy without this ambivalence . 
  individualism , politically , is this ambivalence . 
  in an one right order society , such as a communist society , or the one islamists want to establish , or the one jewish extremists would like to live in , there 's no ambivalence . 
  there are n't several groups in this kind of society , the society itself is politically made of a single group . 
  therefore , there 's no individualism there . 
  comparing a typical western democracy to a communist country , a theocracy ( daesh for a current example ) or even singapore will show you that there 's an obvious difference between those kinds of society . 
  you 'll see that politically , individualism is n't merely a myth . 
   [ ... ] the fact is that you , or anyone else ( including myself ) , are no better than someone who belongs to a religious group ( with respect to the motivations of your behaviour ) . 
  it 's not the psychological process that leads to a specific belief or behaviour that matter . 
  it 's the belief or behaviour itself that does . 
  i 'd rather live in a society like austria or any other european country , with laws and a political system that allow for some of the highest degree of freedom ever in human history , along with a high level of well-being , than in a theocracy , be it * de jure * or * de facto * . 
  are these especially hard ausbildungsberufe significant in number or just a few of them ? 
  you are thinking purely in terms of individuals . 
  islamists do n't . 
  haredi jews do n't . 
  that 's why they try so hard to enforce this kind of rules through laws when they hold the power , or peer pressure when they do n't hold the power directly . 
  the veil , especially the full face veil , is a political tool as much as a religious belief . 
  if you meet a woman wearing a full face veil , she also probably is n't allowed to shake a man 's hand , might not even be allowed to talk to a man at all , you are not meeting an individual .
