  also , the centre-left might vote for corbyn , despite not liking him , if only to get rid of the tories and as the other alternative are moribund lib-dems . 
  corbyn 's position on venezuela is the kind of stuff that make him less appealing to them . 
  it 's not an argument aimed at corbyn 's traditional votes , it 's an argument aimed at everyone from the center left to the right . 
  that 's also exactly why the center and the right in france keep on mocking and blaming m\u00e9lenchon for his stupid support of chavez and maduro . 
  half of the planned costs will be bared by the olympic committee , which reached equilibrium through ioc contribution , ticket selling and sponsorship every time but in rio , which was a mess . 
  so really paris and the french state have planned to spend around 3.3 bn euros . 
  even if this expectation is underestimating the real cost by 3 , that 's still not something that will significantly impair the city 's and the state 's finances . 
  in comparison , the grand paris express is supposed to cost 100 bn and paris gdp is about 700 bn . 
  paris is not in rio 's or athen 's situation at all , but in london 's position , as the article point out . 
  i 'm more worried by the risk of a dramatic event ( a terrorist attack like in munich 's 1972 games or a temporary stadium falling down or whatever ) , but hopefully we 'll do as well as the brits 5 years ago . 
  also , the olympic village will obviously become useful housing and not a decrepit empty shell . 
  but unless seine-saint-denis gets gentrified , it will just become another bad neighbourhood among the so-called `` abandoned territories of the republic '' . 
  we should n't ban stuff on the ground that there 's no evidence that said stuff is useful ( cf. 
  jon brown , nspcc head of development 's silly argument in this article ) . 
  we should only ban stuff on the ground that there 's evidence that said stuff is harmful . 
  freedom is supposed to be the rule , whereas its limitation is the exception . 
  as you say , it might not be harmlessif it leads people to perform actual sex crimes . 
  scientific evidence would be needed to know that though . 
  i suppose that there 's none so far , otherwise people like jon brown would be using it . 
  sure , performing mutilation on people because they have a psychiatric disorder and did n't do anything harmful has such a good track record ... 
  yes . 
  if something is harmless , it should n't be banned , no matter how shocking it may look to the lay person . 
  spanish inquisition was clearly an improvement over the former judicial system . 
  is orban an undeniable improvement though ? 
   people of the same trade seldom meet together , even for merriment and diversion , but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public , or in some contrivance to raise prices . 
  adam smith figured it out more than 2 centuries ago . 
  still checks out . 
  renewables ' share in energy is still very small outside of countries that have massive hydropower ( ex : switzerland , norway ) or gigantic forests ( sweden ) . 
  you 'll even emit less co2 by driving a diesel car in poland or greece than by driving an electric car . 
  audi tt 2009 was available with a diesel and happened to be among vw 's models involved in the scandal . 
  really , every single model i named is quite expensive . 
  someone able to pay for such a car wo n't struggle to pay for gasoline over diesel . 
  people that buy a dacia might , not someone buying an audi . 
  dacia is just as reliable according to rates of returns btw . 
  and many people have cars that have less than a 100 bhp on this continent . 
  most poor people actually . 
  i was talking about new cars , not used one . 
  that 's the problem with stuttgart or even paris . 
  they go after older cars to fight pollution , which only hurt poor people in the end , while carmakers keep on pouring in brand new diesel cars that will pollute for the next 20 years . 
  people running on a budget are not driving a porsche cayenne though . 
  vw 's scandal mostly came up with high-end cars ( porsche cayenne , audi tt , a3 , a4 and a6 etc. ) . 
  maybe diesel should be banned for cars that have more than 100 bhp . 
  or banned for cars that cost more than 15k euros . 
  but `` the poor people needs diesel cars '' argument is weak when we are talking about premium cars produced by germany 's largest carmakers . 
  we can only work with italy when they are running around in togas humiliating us by forcing us to leave our huts and build aqueducts , amphiteatres and bridges that will stand for the next two millenia and forth ; or when we are busy stealing half of their artpieces and putting in-laws on their throne . 
  having so much in common leads to competition , not friendship , that 's why we ca n't be friends with italy . 
  ever wondered why we are in bed with germany now ? 
  because their religion and churches are equally boring , their language is painful to both hear and read , their taste pallet is so subtle that they use ratatouille as a sauce , and their beaches are only enjoyable if you are a german shepherd . 
  unlike italy . 
  on the other hand , it does n't count people doing undeclared work , which can be significant in some countries . 
  how much of it would roughly end up in tax ? 
  politically , the european commission ca n't argue that european companies ca n't be protected from chinese technological theft . 
  actually , the current trend is that the ec is getting more and more wary of chinese competition . 
  even if the ec wanted to argue that anyway , this risk of technological transfer is n't written in fincantieri 's offer . 
  you ca n't prove it in a court . 
  it 's merely an eventuality . 
  so , if you ca n't prove that the risk is real in fincantieri 's offer , you ca n't argue that avoiding this risk is an advantage . 
  state aid is defined as getting an advantage from national public authorities . 
  here , the french state is a minority shareholder which owns a pre-emptive right on other shares thanks to a shareholders ' agreement . 
  it will use its pre-emptive right , paying exactly the same amount of money a private shareholder would have in its position . 
  being owned by the state is n't an advantage in itself . 
  therefore , there 's no advantage coming from a public body . 
  actually , unofficially , there 's an advantage given to stx france by the state , but fincantieri ca n't argue that in public or in court . 
  it 's the fact that thanks to the nationalization , stx france , which is considered as one of the most advanced company in the sector alongside the german meyer werft , wo n't risk to see its engineering edge being absorbed by fincantieri 's chinese partners in the foreseeable future . 
  the french state did n't have a pre-emptive right in 2008 , when the koreans took control over the french shipyards . 
  thus , a nationalization at the time would have been declared unlawful by the european court of justice . 
  thanks to the pre-emptive right , nationalization today is perfectly legal regarding eu law . 
  then he successfuly finished the rubik 's cube . 
  do you know what ** ng ** o means ? 
   it 's definitely a deliberate policy for much of the left of the political spectrum , or are you seriously going to deny that ? 
  where does this part of the left govern currently ? 
  only european government getting fairly close to that is syriza in greece . 
  obviously , they are n't the one making the calls in europe . 
  the far left holds no power over the eu , and even the regular left is pretty much powerless . 
  they are not being imported . 
  the fact that millions came and stay illegaly is a failure , not a deliberate policy . 
  still , it has nothing to do with the topic currently discussed , and by the way it seems that the consequences of said failure for lithuania have been rather ... limited . 
  and they 'll remain limited in the foreseeable future . 
  so why are you getting so obsessed by this ? 
  thanks !, 
  obviously , the only real difficulty for this test is to learn danish then . 
  philosopher r\u00e9gis debray just published a book entitled * civilisation . 
  how we became american * . 
  there 's no such thing as a western civilisation . 
  there 's an american civilisation , and continental europe fell under its cultural hegemony . 
   the persons taking the test was provided with written material that contained almost all the answers . 
  is it still the case ? 
  and if it is , roughly how long is said written material ? 
  you are saying yourself that you need to rely on gas to use renewables , which is less dirty than coal , but still a significant source of pollution : 230g of co2 per kwh , against 380g of co2 for coal . 
  if global warming is our main concern , massive use of gas wo n't be up to the task of tackling it . 
  also , it is finite and needs to be imported . 
  european gas production [ is already declining ] ( https://jancovici.com/en/energy-transition/gas/peak-gas-did-it-already-happen-somewhere/ ) , even if we include norway . 
  do you have a source on france blocking effective connect ? 
  ( not doubting you , genuinely interested in reading something on it ), 
  outside of hydropower , which is n't available everywhere and is already pretty well used in europe , renewables are either too limited ( biomass ) or not a steady source of energy ( wind and solar ) . 
  therefore , renewables need to be propped up by the use of fossil energies ( mainly coal and gas , petroleum being mainly used in transportation ) . 
  renewables are not in sight of being economically viable as the only source of energy for a country like germany . 
  there wo n't be a civilization 's collapse . 
  of course , every case have to be reviewed individually according to the law . 
  but these sheer numbers prove that the current system is wholly inadequate to the current situation .
