  you also can have lung cancer caused by fossil-fuel power plant ( but you wo n't know it , so it 's all good ) , or drown with your family because the dam broke . 
   it would help eastern european countries a lot . 
  it would actually help any country which is n't a tax haven . 
  the current problem is n't really about apple selling phones in belgium after designing them in california , and having to pay taxes in either belgium or california ( both would be fair to some extent , this is merely a technical difficulty ) . 
  the real problem is about apple selling phones in belgium , after designing them in california , and paying taxes in panama , luxembourg or the seychelles , where they have no real activity . 
  that 's why the current situation is scandalous . 
  euronews is great if you want to spend 20 minutes to watch the news , whereas arte needs you to sit for hours . 
  also , euronews always try to focus on the very most important news and at the same time sneak in some good news which give you faith in mankind , for example about the european space agency or a school achieving great results in a very poor country . 
  arte ca n't spend a week without talking about the shoah , which is a very important topic of course , but it gets repetitive and demoralizing on this channel . 
  for the inhabitants of those territories : money ( including public services ) mainly , and citizenship . 
  mainland france 's government spends more than 14 billion euros a year in overseas territories . 
  in mayotte for example , it 's more than 3000 euros per inhabitant , which is a lot considering that the comoro islands have a gdp per capita of 600 or 700 euros ( no typo ) . 
  for france : keeping those territories is easier if it is a normal part of the country than if it was a colony , because the people wo n't feel as second class citizens if they are just french , or if they get some autonomy . 
  some overseas territories are more independant and autonomous than others , thus there are many different statuses . 
  not necessarily being born in france , but speaking french as mother tongue and without accent ( unless it is a typical french regional accent ) , believing that a good king does n't have a good head on his shoulders , being proud of french cuisine and culture , especially the french litterature , despising economic success as arrogant , often prefering the state over the private sector , being more attracted by a career as civil servant or in a single very big company ( sometimes owned by the state ) until retirement , having almost a fetishism of * concours * ( competitive exams ) and republican elitism ( which according to the general consensus need to be repaired ) , a strong emphasis on laws which should be universal , considering the state as the only legitimate source of laws which have to be integrated into codes , a true public intellectual is a sociologist ( recently , economists are more and more important though ) , loving to argue and express publicly your discontent , despising the invasive anglo-american culture and criticising everything , including all of the aforementioned statements . 
  difference with our neighbors : we love nuclear energy , the centralized state ( even if we usually whine about the government ) , the president is a monarch , elected officials and high-ranking civil servants are barons . 
  our higher education system is very specific . 
  tldr / what makes a typical frenchman proud : french food , french wine , french language and french litterature . 
  there are n't layoffs in government services . 
  since 2008 , the number of civil servants has slowly increased ( from 5.2 millions to 5.5 millions ) , but increased nonetheless . 
  also , the government is still running a deficit despite some tax increase . 
  austerity would have meant to spend less than how much we used to , not `` only very slightly more '' . 
   do you have to be looking for work to get it ? 
  no , it 's a benefit specifically for poor old people , as those people are considered unable to work anymore . 
  there are around half a million people receiving it . 
  to be honest , we did n't have real austerity in france ( neither did spain by the way ) considering that our debt to gdp ratio went from around 65 % to almost 95 % since the beginning of the crisis . 
  the question of the suprlus or the deficit is just an aspect of the problem . 
  solving it wo n't create an equilibrium and solve everything , but it 's needed nonetheless in order to move closer to the equilibrium . 
  a convergence of fiscal policy would also be a good point . 
  it 's neither an ethical problem , nor a question of blaming germany nor the ecb nor anyone else ( like `` lazy piigs '' or lazy french workers or whatever ) , because putting the onus on anybody would be necessarily far from the truth in such a complex matter , and useless anyway . 
  the thing is that the current system does n't seem to work for a big chunk of the eurozone ( whereas the system does work in the usa between the states since centuries in a different and less diverse context ) , therefore we have to do something : either improve the system or give up the system . 
  keeping the system as it is seems like a dead-end . 
  also , france still has probably room to work with to some extent on its own , like finland , belgium , northern italy or some parts of spain ( madrid , catalunya , basque country ) . 
  but honestly , i do n't think that southern italy , the rest of spain , portugal or greece can do much on their own , or can do enough with the current help . 
  if greeks had a way to keep their economy afloat and their unemployment at a decent level , they would have done so years ago . 
  sure , those differences are trivial in comparison to the differences between the netherlands and poland for example . 
  of course , i 'm not advocating for german spendings in france . 
  still , within a monetary union , the mere differences between france and germany seem to be big enough to have annoying consequences on the french economy . 
  the gap is even bigger between germany and italy or spain , thus it has worse consequences there . 
  i do n't know how the eurozone could go out of the current situation ( 10 % unemployment overall , spiking in southern europe , lack of growth since years ... ) and reach a better equilibrium , but i think that the author is right when he considers that the solution wo n't come solely from a new labour law in france ( or any other `` structural reform '' in southern europe btw ) . 
  maybe there is a structural flaw in the idea of a monetary union , or at least there is a flaw in the way we are making it work today . 
   other countries have been running surpluses for a longer time . 
  switzerland for example is running a surplus since four years . 
  the us ran a surplus under clinton at the beginning of this millennium . 
  they are n't in a monetary union though . 
  on the one hand , the big surplus just shows that germany earns more than it spends . 
  on the other hand , germany 's neighbours deficit , lack of growth and heavy unemployment show that they are n't earning enough . 
  they could earn more if germany was spending more . 
  the problem is that the current situation is great for germany , mediocre for france , moderately bad for italy , even worse for portugal and spain , and awful for greece . 
  the actual ecb policy does n't seem to be that relevant in the author 's mind . 
  the idea is that because germany 's economy is stronger than france 's economy , * a fortiori * considering that germany is an exporting powerhouse , if germany 's domestic demand does n't become higher , then france will suffer of this competition whatever the policy chosen by the ecb ( strong or weak euro etc. . . ) . 
  even if you change the ecb policy , it wo n't change the parameters of the competition between france and germany , which germany 's economy will win everytime . 
  the issue of a country 's inherent diversity is less important than between different countries when it comes to a currency , because the equilibrium in a country can be maintained through taxes and spendings . 
  currently in france , the \u00eele de france ( region of paris ) is paying much more taxes than it receives , whereas a poor region like corsica gets more spendings than it could afford . 
  in germany , western germany is subsidizing heavily eastern germany since the reunification . 
  of course within the eurozone , germany wo n't subsidize france , and frankfurt wo n't subsidize marseille . 
  yes it comes worse than the uk . 
  thus , the cause could be something which is more present in france than in the uk . 
  but belgium comes out worse than france in that regard . 
  therefore , the cause ca n't really be something that is more present in france than in belgium ( like a francophone and aggressive way of forcing secularism ) . 
  considering that radicalisation is worse in belgium than in france , the cause identified by the authors would be the cause of radicalisation only if it was more present in belgium than in france , and more present in france than in the uk . 
  this article points out the fact that france and belgium are more aggressively secular and francophone than other countries like the uk , which could explain why `` sunni militancy '' is more prevalent in those two countries . 
  considering that france is more aggressively secular ( and francophone ... ) than belgium , but has less foreign fighters than belgium relatively to its number of inhabitants , or relatively to the number of muslims per country , we can say that `` aggressive francophone secularism '' does n't seem to be the cause of sunni radicalism . 
  there was even a debate in belgium to decide whether or not they should adopt the french secularism , because it is more aggressive than the belgian one . 
  the author might know islam and islamism , but he seems to know the french and belgian societies through the prism of cliches . 
  the * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * is n't that aggressive at all by the way . 
  there are many women with long veils and men with islamic beards and djellabas , a second option for lunch when pork is being served in schools ' restaurants , halal butchers and mosques are being funded by the state itself . 
  the main difference with the uk is that there are n't any muslim arbitration tribunal , and civil servants and children in public schools ca n't wear obviously religious signs . 
  belgium is such a ridiculous country . 
  just use torture as a real civilized nation . 
  it 's 2016 !, 
  there are many spies in brussels already , because the city is the eu 's and nato 's headquarter . 
  which crime did tony blair commit ? 
  putting the onus on the relatively poor social background of european jihadis is misleading . 
  firstly , because we ca n't do anything about it . 
  secondly , because the causation is unclear . 
  samy amimour , who was one of the attackers in paris , was a decent student in high school . 
  he became a bus driver for the ratp ( parisian public transportation ) after failing in law school . 
  this job has a starting salary above 1800 $ per month . 
  this is higher than the starting salary of a teacher , and 50 % people earn less than that in france . 
  he was n't a gangster either . 
  such a decent situation did n't prevent him from hating people to the point of becoming a suicide bomber . 
  i ca n't talk about the uk , but in france during the weeks after the attack on charile hebdo , a few hundred people have been found guilty of `` apology of terrorism '' and were sentenced to jail ( up to two years long ) . 
  no i 'm not saying that americans deserve to be attacked , i 'm saying that they played with fire by gaving matches to a bunch of crazy zealots , and now the house is burning . 
  the usa are partly responsible of messing up the middle east , especially because of the second war in iraq , funding islamists during the 1980s to beat the russians in afghanistan , and doing the same in syria since a few years to beat assad . 
  on the contrary , the first war in iraq was a wise operation considering that it had a stabilizing effect on the region . 
  the terrorists in paris or brussels are born in europe , but they are mainly morons importing a foreign religious conflict happening in the middle east . 
  al qaeda was n't a real organization , it was more a kind of a label spreading an idea . 
  killing an idea is n't easy obviously . 
  the mighty sub would probably agree on not torturing the children before killing them though !, 
   dismantle the propaganda machine of the islamists at home . 
  not easy but obviously a necessity . 
  i do n't get why we did n't make it illegal to get foreign funding for cults since years . 
   the best solution would be to bring a social solution how ? 
  firstly , it 's very hard to do , and we try to do so since decades spending billions . 
  it 's far from perfect of course but it 's not as awful as often said . 
  secondly , social issues are n't the root of the problem . 
  you are right . 
  look at the criticism in many african countries against the international criminal court , despite the fact that the court is objectively a great way to improve justice for their people . 
  of course , it is funded by rich states , mostly europeans , and is established in the peaceful and secure city of the hague , because african countries could n't fund it .
