  one can argue that a fair fiscal system has to be progressive . 
  it also can be argued that a flat tax is fair . 
  but we do n't even have a flat tax . 
  we have a worldwide regressive tax system since decades . 
  it 's just the feudal age all over again , with the nobility being exempted of taxes while the serfs and villains have to pay for everybody . 
  there are four different bans in france concerning this issue . 
  * civil servants ca n't wear obvious religious symbols , because they are mandated to appear neutral concerning their religious or political ideas during their work . 
  * obvious religious symbols are banned in public schools by law since 2004 . 
  it was mainly made to forbid the islamic veil , but it applies to any obvious religious symbol , including kippahs . 
  students are still allowed to carry discreet religious symbols such as a small khamsa , or cross , or david star jewelry . 
  * you ca n't hide your face in public places because of a law made in 2010 . 
  there are exceptions for sports , parties , special events etc. 
  the legal restriction is about hiding your face in public places , including the streets , but politically it was made in order to ban the burqa and the niqab . 
  you still can wear a veil , a jilbab or a chador for exemple as long as your face is n't hidden . 
  it 's not uncommon to witness such religious clothes in many neighbourhoods . 
  * the burkini stupidity was n't a law but decrees made by several mayors in some coastal cities . 
  such decrees have been made illegal by the highest administrative court ( the * conseil d'etat * ) as it is `` a serious and obviously illegal infrigement on foundamentals freedoms such as the freedom to move , the freedom of conscience and the personal freedom '' . 
  edit : changed niqab for jilbab, 
  many gypsies are n't roma . 
  switzerland, 
  there are 1.680 million of thefts without violence and 121 000 thefts with violence , 470 000 physical agressions , and about 800 murders each year in france . 
  those numbers are not ridiculous at all . 
  they are about average for a relatively safe european country with 60 millions inhabitants . 
  you wo n't hear anything about those incidents from international news outlets , because they rightfully so do n't care about this , as violence and crime and stupidity is bound to happen in massive numbers in any big country . 
  now , if something happens to somehow involve some prejudice against muslims , even something not important at all like some half-celebrity saying some poor joke on twitter , or a restaurant owner refusing to give food to two women after an unknown discussion , the bbc and every famous news outlet will be obsessed by this irrelevant event . 
  if neonazis create a sham hindu organization , it will be quite obvious , and it would n't be difficult for the police and the judicial system to find out . 
  applying the law requires interpretation all the time . 
  the fact that the group is made of imaginary connections does n't mean that the law ca n't handle it , because there are many fictions in law . 
  a corporation is considered as a subject of the law and can be fined for example . 
  actually , there are ways to tackle a group . 
  the only democratic country that does something close to it is israel , when they destroy the houses of the family of suicide bombers . 
  and for good reasons , it does n't seem fair at all , which is why they do n't go further than that . 
  there are tons of examples along history ( taking hostages was a common practice during the antiquity , the middle ages and even during wwii ; collective punishment ) and in undemocratic regimes of legal systems tackling groups . 
  those ways would be incompatible with the core values of our legal systems such as considering that someone is the sole responsible of his actions , and only responsible of them . 
  such group behavior is basically an abuse of our lawfulness and principles , by people that would n't enforce those same principles if they were in a position of power . 
  there 's no evidence for the chinese nor the russian either . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  a competitor could leak that , especially considering that the content was n't some extremely important secret , because it makes the french offer less attractive . 
  true . 
  my point is n't about saying that this is necessarily the us . 
  but it 's not necessarily always china or russia . 
  it could very well be them , or another western company , or a government , maybe the us , maybe the uk , maybe germany , or japan , or maybe israel etc. 
  the reason matters when you are making the law and when you are applying the law ( for example : * mens rea * in criminal law ) . 
  a svatiska is n't the same thing for a hindu or a nostalgic of the most stupid european butchery ever made . 
  even if the sign is objectively identical , the meaning is everything when it comes to symbols . 
  sadly , every powerful country could have also done this , including nato allies . 
  remember that gemalto ( franco-dutch sim card firm , one of the leader in digital security ) was hacked by the us through the nsa a year ago . 
  the problem is that our legal system is made to tackle individuals , not groups . 
  thus , it 's difficult for the police to fight against gangs ( such as biker gangs ) or criminals that are hidden among family , tribal or religious structures . 
   who listens to sweden ? 
  someone that wants a deal with some organization , which requires sweden approval . 
  also , what sweden is saying about corporate taxes is probably a stance shared by several countries in europe like denmark , finland , germany and france . 
  there are exception for sports ( ex : ski ) , traditions , artistic events or parties ( which include halloween , during which some kids or people wear complete masks ) , health reasons ( ex : * xeroderma pigmentosum * ) or professional reasons . 
  there 's an exception for sports . 
  thus you can wear a ski mask in a ski resort , or while hunting , or while playing paintball or whatever , but you are n't allowed to wear one during your everyday life in a public place . 
  according to the [ world bank ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?end=2015&amp;locations=gb-fr&amp;start=1988 ) , the difference is insignificant , and france even spent slightly more than britain during the last years . 
  there is n't any significant difference between french and british military expenditures , therefore the uk is irrelevant in this comparison . 
  about 150 000 french people fought for germany during ww2 . 
  130 000 of them were forced to do so because alsace and moselle were considered german territories by germany ( like luxembourg and east belgium ) . 
  some were probably happy with this but they did n't really had a choice if they were n't as there was collective responsibility for their family . 
  the rest were volunteers wanting nazism to win and wanting to fight communism ( like the 7000 men of the charlemagne division ) . 
  in comparison , more than 2 millions french people fought against germany . 
  it used to be about `` power '' as we all understand it , because fifty years ago black people really did n't have any power in the usa . 
  as many black people are now in a powerful position , a new logical difficulty appeared . 
  therefore , they changed their interpretation of `` power '' using the concept of `` white privilege '' , which is an invisible package of unearned assets that only white people have . 
  thanks to white privilege , president obama or his daughters can be victims of racism but a white kid living in a trailer park in the us or in a [ white slum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_c2r12xqdde ) in south africa ca n't , because he 's covered by those invisible assets . 
  also , sadly , they still do have slaves , albeit less than some asian and african countries . 
  actually , they ideologically resolved that incoherence . 
  they believe that racism means `` racial prejudice plus power '' . 
  as they also believe that black people do n't have power , because only white people do , black people ca n't be racist . 
  no idea . 
  the weirdest is the yellow one surrounding paris . 
  they might have used our old administrative regions but did n't draw every borders ? 
  a benign form of dutch disease . 
  a large part of what was interpreted as the result of the protestant work ethics in germany during industrial revolution actually came from easy access to iron-ore , coal , a booming population among other factors ( institutions , mediocre soil for agriculture etc. ) . 
  the ethics itself was quite insignificant . 
  also , the size of french regions is huge , which hides other phenomena . 
  nantes , lyon , toulouse and bordeaux would be dark green if their regions were n't bigger than ireland or denmark and were similar to german or italian regions , while most of the massif central would be yellow or even orange . 
  somehow , a qualified majority is required in order to change the constitution of most democracies , but many does n't feel that it should be required for leaving or joining the eu or acquiring independence . 
  during the last centuries , the quality of our political institutions greatly improved . 
  the lack of threshold for key long term decisions could swing the pendulum . 
  of course , i understand that it would n't make any sense and everyone does . 
  thus , nobody is asking them to pay a $ 250 billion fine . 
  those $ 250 billion are just a projection using the stupid us situation as basis ( $ 30k per car sold with this engine ) . 
  the us are abusing the situation because vw is a foreign company . 
  for hiding a fatal ignition-switch defect tied to at least 174 deaths , general motors had to pay a $ 900 million fine last year . 
  several millions of cars had been sold with this defect , which had been hidden by gm from regulators and buyers during years . 
  even in the us , there is no history of such extremely high fines for what vw did . 
   killing the whole company would be dumb yes , which is why nobody wants to kill the company . 
  vw can be fined without going bankrupt . 
  too many companies are already considered too big to fail . 
  i hope that we are not going to consider that those companies are also too big to follow the rules . 
   let 's be honest , the only reason people give any shit about emissions is because taxes . 
  exactly , which is why there are taxes on emissions in the first place . 
  collectively , every sane person knows that it would be better for everyone considering air quality and climate change to reduce pollution . 
  alone though , people are acting selfishly . 
  in the same way , nobody advocates water scarcity . 
  still , if water was free , there would be much more wastage and thus water scarcity , because people act selfishly . 
  politics is the art of resolving the problems of life in community . 
  taxation and fines are some of the tools used in this art .
