  being asked about anecdotal knowledge or having to give an answer memorized in class is boring for both male and female students , but as female students tend to be more disciplined , they still do the work . 
  that 's why the current boring system is punishing those who lack discipline , who are mainly boys . 
  stem classes are also a place where students have to `` sit down and shut up '' , but at least students are asked about problem solving in the end , and both male and female students like this . 
  the gap in favor of boys in the area exists because of the technical aspect , which is less appealing for girls , not because of the thought process involved . 
  i ca n't talk for the uk system , but here the schools emphasize a lot on knowledge or memorizing answers , and not so much about reflection , partly because it is cheaper to test it . 
  this is punishing boys harder than girls , boring for everyone , and not so useful in the end , considering that knowledge is becoming even less useful in the current world than being able to reason well . 
  when there is a gap , it is common to jump on an hypothetical bias like a racial bias or the so-called * patriarchy * . 
  some may also use the hypothetical problem of the lack of role-model etc. . . 
  the hard truth is probably that girls have more discipline when they have to study , even if it seems boring or purposeless , and pay more attention in class . 
  imo , many boys have two defects partially due to their manhood when it comes to study : * a heavy tendancy to be lazy , especially when the subject seems boring * a period of incredible stupidity around 13 to 15 years old . 
  the context is important though . 
  this law itself is n't meaningful , but if a russian court ( even the supreme court ) decides that they are not compelled by a decision taken by the european court of human rights , then it will change russia 's relation and adherence to the council of europe . 
  then they are kind of corsicans . 
  you are in nice where the fn had a shot , so they tried hard to make this election as something important . 
  in auvergne-rh\u00f4ne-alpes for example , where the fn could n't win at all , they had an unknown candidate and ran a small campaign . 
  `` regions '' actually do n't have that much power , as they have mainly power over the high-schools ' buildings , most roads and a few limited things . 
  thus , the other parties , especially * les r\u00e9publicains * ( sarkozy 's party ) and the * parti socialiste * ( hollande 's party ) did n't use the same heavy national machinery as in presidential elections . 
  the other parties like the greens are mainly small parties . 
  it depends if the quebecois ' independantists tend to put bombs in empty buildings and are related to the local mafia though . 
  there are exceptions everywhere , but the examples that you gave are not exactly the same . 
  a jew fighting for the nazi party stands in an insane contradictory position , because the nazis would have liked to murder him and his family . 
  such person is an anomaly or a very rare exception . 
  an african american or a gay person can vote for the republicans for many reasons though . 
  they are in a much softer and even illusive contradiction . 
  same for the muslims that are voting for the fn . 
  for example , the [ harkis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harki ) have many reasons , including their self interest , to vote for the fn . 
  same for many muslims who would like that religion remains in the private sphere . 
  you just summed up the situation of [ harkis ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harki ) who managed to come in france , and are a fn bastion since years . 
  it 's unbelievable how people do n't care about the actual effect of their actions . 
  someone says that he feels in danger because of a group of people . 
  * logical reaction : if you want to change his belief , explain and prove to him that this group is not a threat . 
  * actual rection : nah , just send him death threats or even attack him . 
  or someone says that he wants to talk about his problems and get some recognition , and that only an extremist party is giving that to him . 
  * actual reaction by the rest of the political spectrum : `` omg , you are such an insignificant retard . '', 
  marine le pen is n't probably racist herself . 
  the problem of the fn 's reputation as a racist party comes from the fact that almost every single openly racist person vote for the party and is often a fn 's militant , and jean-marie le pen , who created the party and is marine 's father , is obviously racist himself . 
  the issue is n't about migrants coming from outside of the eu , but about migrations between the countries of the eu . 
  david cameron knew the answer before the question was asked . 
  he 's trying to give the impression that the eu is unable to discuss . 
  a tough policy to overcome the parents ' reluctance would be better for the roma in the long term . 
  it 's a shame that they are given free school and free healthcare , but many roma children end up spending more time in the street begging and stealing instead of going to school ... 
   even the mayor ca n't get a decent wage . 
  he 's the mayor of a town where only 45 inhabitants are living . 
  being a mayor in a village is n't a full time job ( even if it requires commitment ) , therefore they are most of the time retired workers . 
  there are 36000 towns with a mayor in france , which is about one third of all the towns of europe , so there are many almost unpaid tiny mayors in the countryside . 
  the only way to earn more through benefits than someone who is working at the minimum wage in france is to add an undeclared work ( which is obviously illegal , but still exist ) . 
  otherwise , the person who lives off benefits earns about half of what the minimum wage worker earns . 
  the difference with the uk is due to the higher minimum wage in france , the benefits are roughly on par in both countries , but housing benefits can be much higher in the uk . 
  good cop/bad cop . 
   i 've come to hear french people talk about gun-violence and murder among criminal gangs , settling scores , as a mundane occurrence and the only times it comes as a surprise is when it 's a terrorist act . 
  things which are almost completely unheard of in a much poorer country like romania . 
  what you have heared is n't based on facts . 
  the [ murder rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) in france is around 1 per 100 000 inhabitants , and about 1,5 per 100 000 inhabitants in romania , which are both lower than the european and the global rates . 
  ahaha , that 's the first place that i checked , and it has less than 700 inhabitants . 
  there is n't [ any problem ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3uq3tq/prime_minister_of_belgium_we_dont_have_a_jungle/ ) in belgium . 
  the green areas do n't have specific ecological problems themselves . 
  most of them have a small population , therefore their result is n't very significant . 
  by the way , those are also areas where you are likely to meet organic farmers and sometimes even hippies . 
  london is a big cosmopolitan city with thriving businesses and a highly educated population , like paris , and the result is the same in both cities with most voters leaning toward the center of the political spectrum . 
  those voters have usually progressive social ideas ( gay marriage etc. . . ) and favour liberal economics . 
  on a much smaller scale , the same trend is at work in other big french cities that are thriving such as lyon , toulouse , nantes , bordeaux etc. . . 
  the trend is the same than in london actually . 
  the resentment toward immigrants is much greater in areas that are facing high unemployment and poverty rates ( perpignan , marseille , n\u00eemes , calais etc. . . ) . 
  about your second question : imo , the front national wo n't be able to solve problems such as unemployment , because according to them the unemployment is a consequence of immigration and multinational vultures . 
  as populists , they want to focus on small businesses and craftsmen , according to their [ poujadist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_poujade ) legacy . 
  they wo n't be the one saying that may be , if france has such a high unemployment , especially among the young and unskilled people , one of the main causes is the fact that the minimum wage is higher than in germany or in the united kingdom . 
  they also wo n't acknowledge the fact that most of the wealth and the economical power of france ( which is roughly the same as the uk ) comes from [ its large companies ] ( http://www.economywatch.com/companies/forbes-list/france.html ) . 
  the debate is n't about the immigrants * per se * . 
  if you ask to a fn voter what is an immigrant , he would probably include millions of french citizens in them , such as muslims , people coming from african origins , even may be the jews etc. . . 
  actually , in the french political spectrum , there is n't any party at their right . 
  as they are the rightmost party , they are extremists , in the same way that the communists are the leftmost party and are labelled as extremists . 
  communists were also extremists when they had 30 % of voters during the 20th century . 
  most french people have a relatively lax approach to corruption and political ethic , with a perception closer to the one in italy than to northern europe 's perception on those issues . 
  when chirac was the mayor of paris , some people were paid by the city of paris as city employees , but were actually working for the rpr ( chirac 's party ) . 
  the police estimated that it costed around 30 millions francs ( 5 millions euros ) to the city . 
  in 2004 , jupp\u00e9 was sentenced to probation and ineligibility for one year , and did n't testified against chirac . 
  chirac , who was the main person at fault , was only found guilty in 2011 . 
  jupp\u00e9 , who went through a kind of purgatory for a few years when he was ineligible , is usually considered as a clean candidate for the right , especially in comparison to sarkozy . 
  even the center-left voters , who are less tolerant with regard to corruption , see him as relatively clean . 
  are you talking about jupp\u00e9 ? 
  if so , then he 's not considered as a crook by most of the population , but as the man who took the shot instead of chirac , who was kind of a crook himself as a mayor of paris . 
  or stop the hypocrisy and cut the influx by cutting incentives to immigration . 
  if people are ready to take the risk to die while crossing the channel , it 's because they believe that they 'll be able to work there and will be able to stay there , without having identities checked by the police for example . 
  do n't allow them to work and control their identities , and they wo n't be ready to take those risks . 
  same for the rest of the migrants to germany or sweden : you ca n't say to migrants that you will welcome them there , then blame the countries that they travel for not blocking them . 
  if france gives up on shengen and starts to defend its borders as hungary did , you 'll have the same problem than the jungle of calais in [ ventimiglia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmnjvsxxmum ) and at tunnels ' entrance between italy and france . 
  if someone commits a a misdemeanor or a felony , is prosecuted and sentenced to prison in france or in any country , he goes to jail even without citizenship . 
  being a migrant in calais does n't necessarily mean that you are a criminal though , and commiting a misdemeanor or a felony does n't mean that the police knows what you did and can prove it . 
  the lorry driver in the linked article 's video commited a misdemeanor for example ; that does n't mean that he 'll go to jail though . 
  did they come from syria , or erythrea or wherever directly in france , with boats coming ashore at french beaches ? 
  blocking people who want to go out within your borders is almost impossible without jailing them . 
  you ca n't currently force them to settle in a specific place . 
  greece or italy did n't try to do so , and if they did the situation would be a huge mess and an unbearable burden for them . 
  this problem only happens in calais because great britain is an island , hence why you also see the british government working with the french government , not because david cameron is charitable . 
  there could be a temporary european rule , for a few years , which would remove the freedom of choice of settlement for asylum seekers . 
  such a rule would also be great to prevent the building of ghettos . 
  with a 24 % unemployment rate ( dropping since 2012 , but still high ) , those who have managed to keep their job are probably happy with it , and not really keen to leave to look for another company . 
  you 'd also be happy if you had to [ * work * 2 hours a day ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/the-myth-of-a-lazy-southern-europe-merkel-s-cliches-debunked-by-statistics-a-763618.html ) as a pita baker while eating olives , philosophizing about the ethical aspect of fraud though . 
  it is still dependant on the us will though ( like the nato as a whole actually ) . 
  are you sure that this is the opinion of a german from the 19th century ?
