  thus , he does n't care about the position of countries like romania that are merely pawns between the us and russia . 
  if you read the very recent opinion piece which was published in * the guardian * and quoted above , it 's obvious that chomsky does n't find what georgians , ukrainians , eastern germans and others want relevant . 
  only nato , which means the us , and russia , are relevant here , despite the fact that both protagonists are n't suffering the consequences of their game themselves . 
  chomsky is great at debunking us propaganda and hypocrisy . 
  on the other hand , he leaves much to be desired when it comes to us opponents . 
  the same reasoning blinded him at the time of the cambodian atrocities . 
  now , he explains how it is `` understandable '' and `` logic '' that russia feels threatened by being surrounded by nato countries , which is true . 
  but i fail to see how a humanist who spent his life criticizing imperialism could consider that russia should have the right to surround itself by client states . 
  it 's not something specific to this sub . 
  for example , it 's more or less [ noam chomsky ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/may/09/noam-chomsky-who-rules-the-world-us-foregin-policy ) 's position , which paradoxically is shared by some far right europeans like marine le pen , and the russian government . 
  for all of them , what eastern europeans are wanting is irrelevant . 
  it could be an interesting perk in the game . 
   i highly , highly doubt ea said `` do n't put the french in . 
  i do n't have any trouble imagining ea saying `` do n't put the french in , keep them for the first dlc '' . 
  the article written published by cato seems riddled with ideology in its second half . 
  it goes to a long way to explain how `` exports are good , imports are better '' , and how bigger imports than exports cause a higher standard of living for the inhabitants of a country . 
  it 's kind of strange considering that switzerland , germany , the netherlands , denmark , ireland , japan during the 1970 's and the 1980 's , south korea , taiwan , italy after wwii , china today achieved a higher standard of living through higher exports . 
  it is highly unlikely that they could have achieved the same results through much higher imports than exports . 
  there are countries which have a more balanced position and rising living standard . 
  still , the position of the us is rather unique , almost only shared by the uk . 
  i think that you hit the nail on the head with your '' ( non-macroeconomist ) understanding '' though . 
   the biggest fall in output came from the basic iron and steel sector which saw production drop in march by 37.3 % percent compared with a year earlier . 
  if only we had some kind of pan european organization which the british government could use to protect its industry against chinese dumping ... 
  the thing is that i do n't understand how it can be sustainable for decades , alongside what some call the `` waiter-bartender recovery '' . 
  it 's fine currently because of the dollar , but it seems to be the main cause in shifting the balance of power with china . 
  on the other hand , i do n't get how it could be sustainable in the long term for the uk . 
  [ also , what is concerning is the balance of payments , not really the trade balance . 
  i mentioned the trade balance because of the expression of `` trouncing '' the european economy . 
  germany `` trounced '' southern europe through a massive trade surplus . 
  i do n't get how a massive trade deficit could achieve the same result . ], 
  their trade balance did n't improve , nor did the uk 's trade balance , which is strange if they are really `` trouncing '' the continental european countries . 
  it makes their growth suspicious , especially in the case of the uk . 
  the problem in the eurozone is n't about its competitiveness , it 's about its lack of demand . 
   the us even now is massively trouncing europe outside of maybe the uk what does that mean ? 
  i think you are spot on on the ttip , but i do n't know if it 's really in the best interests of the eurozone as a whole . 
  there could be other consequences such as germany actually benefitting from increased exports toward the us , whereas southern europe falls even lower than today thanks to the american competition . 
  this is especially obvious if we grossly imagine that the us gets to export its agricultural products , destroying the european agricultural sectors , which are especially important for france and southern european countries , in exchange for more manufactured goods , mainly coming from germany and the likes . 
  also , even if the eurozone becomes a kind of a bigger germany , how could the world economy work if china and the eurozone ( or the eu as a whole ) are both export-oriented , with only the us being consumption-oriented ? 
  this seems unsustainable and structurally flawed . 
   for all the shit those unions get , and they deserve some of it , the truth is that in many countries most teachers are underpaid . 
  the key issue is teachers ' social status , in which the pay is an important element but not everything . 
  in finland for example , the teachers ' pay is n't that high , especially in comparison to germany , but the social status is still high , therefore the job is attractive . 
  in spain , the wage is high ( higher than in supposedly richer countries like france or sweden for example ) , thus i 'd guess that their social status is quite high but it 's not certain . 
  maybe a spaniard could enlighten me . 
  in every high performing country in education like finland , singapore , south korea , japan et alii , teachers enjoy a high social status . 
  the opposite would be the us where teachers are looked down a lot . 
   high school and primary teachers are usually a joke , basically cause they work for the goverment so they can not get fired . 
  the situation is the same in many countries which are n't suffering the same consequences of a high dropout rate . 
  therefore , it 's probably not the main cause . 
  we should set up a g8 summit in corsica to bait them , then put the island under quarantine , and watch the natives taking care of them . 
  the money is n't really parked on a bullshit island . 
  most of it is actually parked [ around us ] ( http://www.private-eye.co.uk/registry ) . 
  those islands are merely a smokescreen . 
  you are right , western european nations ' pride is like schr\u00f6dinger 's cat : if you want to witness their `` lack of pride '' , you 'll witness their lack of pride ; if you want to witness their `` excessive and misplaced pride '' , you 'll witness their excessive and misplaced pride . 
  just look at those `` proudly made in britain '' ads in the uk or many brexiters ' arguments , the way french people will defend the french language and culture and the supposed universal philosophical values which are the revolution 's legacy , or the way germans often think about their cars or any german made products , their supposed superior work ethic etc. 
  jan b\u00f6hmermann put it well when he said that germans are `` proud of not being proud '' . 
   you 're only seeing nationalism as a danger i 'm not , because imo nationalism is useful as it gives a sense of community as you said . 
  a total lack of nationalism is also a problem . 
  a middle ground needs to be found . 
  the rule of law is a great way to moderate the excess of nationalism . 
  i 'm just saying that nationalism is n't risk-free , which is why people should be wary and should n't abdicate their critical thinking about nationalism . 
  hell is paved with good intentions . 
  the rule of law mainly and being wary of nationalism 's dangers . 
  also , it 's a clich\u00e9 but mainstream western europeans are supposed to look at the us ( i.e. 
  : the bible belt , not san francisco ) and find them backward on social issues like religion or abortion . 
  poland is closer to the bible belt than to san francisco in that respect . 
  yes , the perception of eastern europe has changed during the last decade . 
  the level of development is obviously much higher than during the 1990s . 
  also , people in western europe are now more aware of the differences between eastern european countries ( albeit still filled with stereotypes ) : estonia seems modern , lithuania and latvia seems slightly less modern but fine overall , slovenia is fine , romania seems to come from the 19th century but is really improving ( famous example : dacia ) etc. . . talking from a french point of view , the real criticism is aimed primarily at poland , hungary , and secondarily at the czech republic and slovakia ( both of them are rarely discussed though ) , because you seem aggressive and selfish . 
  a significant part of the population does n't seem to be really believing in what we consider as european values , but is faking it . 
  that 's the big difference between for example poland and hungary today , in comparison to spain and portugal during the 1980s . 
   it\u00e1lia also seems like a nice place that 's an understatement . 
  thanks , i should have looked for it myself . 
  strangely enough , i just did and could n't find a single article published in a french newspaper talking about a supposed british nostalgia for its empire , or the uk wanting it back . 
  considering that we have a similar legacy to you regarding colonization , albeit smaller , this idea would probably have appeared stupid to any respectable french journalist . 
  i 've still found an occasional german article though , and many us articles . 
  it screams of projection to me . 
   if a country 's media was an accurate representation of its people then all countries in the world would pretty much despise each other . 
  not really . 
  british newspapers , outside of the few respectable ones , are a special matter . 
  estimates have varied on that . 
  some historians go up to 60 % , like benedictow , others go down to 30 % , usually in older studies . 
  true , edited . 
  is n't the author flailing at a straw man though ? 
  i 've never seen anybody arguing on the fact that the uk wanted to go back to having an empire , or that being obsessed with it led to brexit . 
  what i 've seen is people saying that the leave campaign was led by a `` little englander '' mentality . 
  even during the 18th and 19th century , those deemed `` little englander '' were opposed to colonization . 
  there were no such thing as trump 's * maga * , but much more narrow stuff like `` get our money back '' , `` take back control '' , and `` let 's run ourselves '' . 
  that 's the * black death * . 
  around 50 % of europe 's population died in a few years around 1350 . 
  england got off relatively easily losing `` only '' around 30 % of its population , whereas italy and southern france lost 75 % of their population . 
  ireland got hurt by the famine , which has been followed by massive emigration . 
  actually , even scotland 's and wales ' populations have been multiplied by 4 or 5 in a century , which is a boom . 
  then their growth slowed down after ww1 . 
   civil disobedience in the face of laws you deem illegitimate is a thing , think of m\u00e9lenchon disobedience as the same thing at the eu level . 
  it 's completely different , because we are talking about international law , not national law . 
  national law exists thanks to a force of coercion . 
  international law exists thanks to trust and goodwill . 
  national law does n't only work because people that have to follow it freely decide to follow it . 
  there 's a force of coercion that enforces the law , which is why it is law and not just some kind of ethics : the police and the judicial power .
