  the oecd publishes everything for free on their own website and if you are interested in those fields , this is a goldmine . 
  i suppose that the bbc takes its information from piaac . 
  the oecd is also working on a study called ahelo ( assessment of higher education learning outcomes ) , but it 's still a project currently . 
  reporting should come out around 2020 . 
  it comes from the study made by the ocde itself , which is the source of this article . 
  they tested literacy , numeracy and problem solving in a technology rich environment with several populations , including numeracy and literacy among graduates . 
  the study is named `` piaac '' . 
  numeracy and literacy are n't going to tell which country has the `` cleverest students '' . 
  it is going to tell you which country has the best jack of all trades students . 
  for example , take a look at medical students : * [ medical students in japan ] ( http://www.eltnews.com/columns/uni_files/2010/02/qa_time_about_medical_students.html ) have to focus on general education including humanities , foreign language etc. 
  during the first two years . 
  then they begin to gradually focus on applied science before eventually moving into more and more specific medicine-based classes by the time they reach 4th year . 
  then , they only focus on medicine . 
  * medical students in france have to study applied science and medicine right after high school . 
  they do n't focus on general education at all . 
  obviously , literacy and numeracy abilities of french medical students are not going to be better after graduation than after high school , whereas japanese medical students improved during their 2 years of general education after high school . 
  japanese medical graduate will have a much higher literacy and numeracy rate than their french counterparts . 
  still , it does n't mean that they are better doctors or smarter . 
  they could very well be , but one ca n't know that through literacy and numeracy . 
  it makes sense . 
  also , canada is powerful , but way less powerful than the us . 
  therefore , ceta would be way less risky than ttip even if both had identical terms . 
  benelux is likely . 
  i would n't bet on eastern europe too much though . 
  the way poland slapped airbus is symptomatic . 
  take a look at the [ mus\u00e9es des confluences ] ( http://scd.rfi.fr/sites/filesrfi/dynimagecache/0/0/902/509/1024/578/sites/images.rfi.fr/files/aef_image/vue%20musee%20confluences_0.jpg ) . 
  it is located about 200 meters away from euronews ' building and should fit your taste better . 
  it used to be an intensive industrial area , which became industrial ruins where a lot of underground activities such as prostitution took place , giving a very bad reputation to the district . 
  it 's still under reconstruction and should be finished by 2025 . 
  it 's one of the biggest urban projects in europe . 
  please do n't . 
  we are fine with the world believing that the last shaddy stuff we did was blowing up the rainbow warrior and accidently killing a single person at the same time 30 years ago . 
  it 's not the amount of export that is being criticized , but the growing and already big gap between exports and imports , with a current unsustainable trend . 
  the world economy only works because the us have a huge deficit . 
  if tomorrow , germany and china ( and the netherlands , denmark etc. . . ) increase their imports significantly while keeping their exports at the same level , the economy as a whole would be growing . 
  if tomorrow , the us and the uk decrease their imports while keeping their exports at the same level , the world economy would crash . 
  also , a country with a massive surplus being asked to try to spend more is hardly a punishment . 
  because there is protectionism involved . 
  us cars tend to emit much more carbon dioxide and use more fuel than european cars , whereas european cars emit much more nitrogen oxide than us cars . 
  somehow , us regulators are much more strict with nitrogen oxide , whereas european regulators care about a lower level of carbon dioxide . 
  both us and eu regulators do n't really care about actual air quality . 
  well , they do , but it 's `` tempered '' by the lobbying of their respective industries . 
  european countries are doing the exact same thing with smaller means . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  you do n't have to be a strong supporter of brexit to be loyal to your own country . 
  i 'm fairly certain that a significant part of the civil servants in the foreign office , including higher-ups , voted against the brexit . 
  but now what has been done can not be undone . 
  obviously if you are scottish , you want the best for the uk . 
  during the negociation process , if you have to choose between the well-being of the uk and the well-being of the eu , which includes pretty much everything that will be discussed during the process , you 'll go for the well-being of the uk . 
  a foreigner wo n't go for the well-being of the uk over the well-being of his own country . 
  the foreign office ca n't trust people that might have a compelling interest in having the uk being beaten by the eu during the negociation . 
  of course , if you are a scot that tries to push for scottish independence , then the foreign office should also be wary of you . 
  the foreign office is just being sensible here . 
  it 's not only about expertise as the lse is saying , or immigration as * the guardian * is suggesting , but also about loyalty and patriotism . 
  i 'm pretty sure that angela merkel , matteo renzi or fran\u00e7ois hollande are n't taking advices on brexit from british academics . 
  and if they do , they should obviously stop . 
  multiply 100 by 0.86 ( not by 0.84 as he said that the pound lost 14 % , not 16 ) , and then multiply by 1.16 . 
  you are almost at 100 again ( 99,76 ) . 
  considering that those 14 and 16 % are actually rounded , he 's right . 
  yes , but that does n't mean that leaving the euro would improve the situation in southern europe . 
  if italy leaves the euro , and then devaluate its new currency in order to improve its competitiveness , it will create tensions with its neighbours as italy would be using a form of dumping that would be detrimental to them . 
  but that 's not the main problem that italy will have to face . 
  the real problem in this situation would be the fact that the debt to gdp would increase massively , as the public debt would still be in euro . 
  also , interest rates would also increase massively . 
  this debt would be unsustainable for italy . 
  the risk of sovereign default would be huge out of the euro , and its consequences would be harsh . 
  that 's also why greece decided to keep the euro , despite a much more difficult situation than italy . 
  the biggest problems of italy ( and greece btw ) are the public debt and the banks , not the euro . 
  even if italy leaves the euro , the debt and the banks would still be there . 
  actually , the debt situation would be worse without the euro because this currency leads to lower interests , and solving the bank problem probably implies an even higher public debt . 
  they did n't manage to dictate the legislation in france though . 
  catholics made a lot of noise during the debate about gay marriage , but they completely lost . 
  france received a lot of flack during the last years because of the way we are treating islam , especially in anglo-saxon news outlets , but the catholic church receives exactly the same treatment . 
  with a `` hard brexit '' , at least only in speeches that might be mere posturing , the current government is pleasing a significant part of the electorate . 
  a strong minority of the electorate might hate them , but it 's not enough to make them lose their power during the next elections . 
  without brexit , a majority would hate them . 
  this scenario is extremely unlikely unless a huge crisis happens and becomes a legitimate justification for disregarding the referendum . 
  with a soft brexit , nobody would be happy and everyone would hate them , both brexiters and remainers . 
  that might be better for the uk , but it is certainly the worst case scenario for the tories . 
  there 's currently a weird vacuum in the centre of britain 's political spectrum . 
  without a change there , i do n't see how this trend could stop before it gets really bad and the majority finally changes its mind . 
  you sir need god in your life . 
  ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ sarcasm ^ ^ ^ detector, 
  they might not have the means to go outside for a week or two ( some youth from banlieues have the means to go in thailand though ) , but they definitely already have the means to visit the louvre if they are in a parisian balieue or even from meaux . 
  they just do n't think about it , do n't want to or do n't think it 's also for them . 
  ambassador of france to the united kingdoms just made a [ public statement ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kopbc5qcm68 ) . 
  important part of the article is there though :  economists do not regard the use of market exchange rates as the best way to measure an economy 's size as conversion rates do not account for the goods and services that can be bought in any country , but britain does even worse on more sophisticated measures . 
  it does n't do worse than france according to those sophisticated measures though , which weakens the point of the relative click-bait title . 
  both countries are following the same path since decades : a shrinking industry . 
  the main differences remain that british financial services are much more successful than their french counterparts , while the state is a much bigger player in the french economy , which gives an edge to french companies working with the public sector ( energy production , public transportation , water suppliers ... ) . 
  also , the uk has more jobs , but those additional jobs are paying less overall . 
  uk economy 's edge over france remains but is quite narrow anyway . 
  bragging about it was stupid during the last years and months , and is still stupid today . 
  as imam khattabi from montpellier said , you have to take into account the climate of this region : it 's hot , which has consequences on girls ' body , it 's biology . 
  just look at the picture . 
  how old do you think virgin mary was when she gave birth to jesus ? 
  soon you 'll get the famas . 
  only switzerland stands still . 
  the world is finally united in a democracy under a single flag . 
  i 'm sure that many fellow redditors around here have been lucky enough to do such kind of `` odysseys '' .
