  the interest rates are low . 
  the country is stable politically and the population is naturally growing . 
  also , the last time that france did n't pay its debts was in 1812 . 
  here during middle school and high school , the main topic in english class is usually ghandi and india 's independance . 
  i 've seen the movie directed by richard attenborough twice in class !, 
  the second biggest topic is about the us civil rights movement . 
  the apartheid in south africa is also suite commonly discussed in english class . 
  you was n't ever taught about india 's colonisation in class ? 
  well , they should be free to not care about this . 
  but then , the only legitimate answer should be `` i do n't know '' . 
  the most remarkable example i can think of would be winston churchill 's legacy . 
  he 's a hero and one of the greatest leader of the 20th century for many westerners , whereas indians see him as on par with hitler , or may be even worse . 
  former british colonies are overall in a better shape than former french colonies , notably in africa . 
  awful things have been done during the colonisation , there is no reason to argue about that . 
  still , speaking about former french colonies , it 's not like if most of those places were advanced or rich before the colonisation . 
  furthermore , mayotte that decided to remain as a french territory is in a much better situation than the rest of the comoros . 
  the same thing can be said about the rest of the overseas territories . 
  the onus is n't necessarily only the former colonial power . 
  * the unemployment rate for people without any kind of diploma is just above 17 % ( 37 % among the 15-29 years old category ) . 
  * the unemployment rate for people with a diploma of at least 2 years of higher education after high school is around 6 % ( 10 % among the 15-29 years old category ) . 
  nowadays , french unions are much weaker than they appear . 
  they have mainly power in some strongholds : air france , sncf , edf back in the days , public education ( that goes on strike from time to time but is n't really powerful because the government easily disregard them ) ... 
  strikes in transportation are noticeable . 
  overall , less than 10 % of employees are members of a union , and their members are only 5 % of the private sector . 
  also , according to eurostat , strikes are more common in denmark , italy , finland and spain than in france . 
  you are not wrong . 
  it would require a shift in the way human rights are enforced in the short term , to aim for a long term goal which would be itself more satisfying according to the human rights perspective . 
  some small steps are being made here and there , but there is a lack of general political will at the moment . 
  the main problem of the euro is the lack of equilibrium between the countries , mainly germany that is much stronger than its southern neighbours . 
  how do we know that without the euro , we would n't have had a game of competitive devaluations between the current eurozone countries , that have heavily interconnected economies ? 
  hypothetically , let 's say that spain devaluates its currency because its economy is weakened . 
  that diminishes their imports and improves their exports . 
  then france , which exports a lot to spain , will export less there . 
  to improve the situation of its economy , france devaluates its currency . 
  then germany , which exports a lot to france and has a wealth mainly based on exporting to its neighbours struggles now and may need to devaluate . 
  also , spain 's devaluation almost became useless when france did the same thing , so they have to devaluate further etc. . . 
   can we change peoples culture if they resists ? 
  no we ca n't without forgetting human rights . 
  a prime example would be the situation of the roma people . 
   new rules will mean that from october , people coming to the uk on a five-year spousal visa will have to take a test after two and a half years to show they are making efforts to improve their english . 
  to be honest , if an average person is n't able to speak a somewhat decent everyday english after spending two and a half years in the uk , such person is actively avoiding to learn the language , or is a victim of sequestration . 
  actually we pay around 30 $ a month for any kind of connection . 
  some people pay 30 $ a month for 1mbit/s , some people pay 30 $ a month for 300mbit/s . 
  as marc bonnant said , the genevois would rather live rousseau to the french people and get voltaire as a tradeoff . 
  you are right . 
  the thing is that a third ( 36 000 out of 90 000 ) of the cities of the whole eu are french , because the administrative division is much more fragmented , which messes up those international comparisons . 
  there were migrants in the 1990s who were living in the * jungle * near calais , which is a slum , trying to cross the channel . 
  it was heavily criticized , so a refugee camp has been set up near calais in sangatte to house them in 1999 . 
  the refugee camp has been heavily criticized , so the camp has been shut down and destroyed in 2002 . 
  the migrants ( not necessarily the same people , but the stream is continuous ) still wanted to go to the uk though , so they stayed in the same area . 
  they live in the * jungle * which is still a kind of slum near calais . 
  this situation has been heavily criticized , so a refugee camp is being set up . 
  * some have family and friends in the uk * most of them speak english and not french * they believe rightfully so that a job is easier to get in the uk than in france ( especially unregistered employment , but it 's a fact for any kind of job ) * the french police controls id cards , whereas the british police does n't * they have a glorified vision of the uk . 
  the way migrants come to italy is usually more dangerous than the way they come to france , hence why men are overrepresented there . 
  yes , it 's not a consequence of islam or something specific to egypt . 
  it is a widespread vision among many third world countries . 
  an example about [ homosexuality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euxqbzdwv0w ) as seen by an ugandan pastor , member of the `` task force against homosexuality '' trying to be pedagogic ... 
  well , some people were so into christianism that they thought that killing and torturing [ heretics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albigensian_crusade ) , [ infidels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusades ) and [ witches ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witch_trials_in_the_early_modern_period ) in the name of a god who asked explicitely to turn the other cheek was fine . 
  the pope himself was partly responsible of this . 
  the mental gymnastics around faith and ideology seems to be , by definition , unbelievable . 
   this does n't get much media attention [ le figaro ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2016/01/12/01016-20160112artfig00140-un-conseiller-municipal-de-creteil-retrouve-tue-a-son-domicile.php ) ( biggest right wing newspaper ) , [ l'express ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/societe/fait-divers/creteil-un-conseiller-municipal-lr-retrouve-mort-a-son-domicile_1752723.html ) ( centre-left magazine ) and [ france tv ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/creteil-un-conseiller-municipal-retrouve-tue-a-son-domicile_1264955.html ) ( public news tv outlet ) talked about it , but there is n't much to say about the case as the police think that this is probably related to a normal crime , not something based on his religion . 
  there are around 700 murders a year in france . 
  also , even if the victim was a politician , he was `` just '' an unknown local politician . 
  the neo-nazi scene suffered when the * parti nationaliste fran\u00e7ais et europ\u00e9en * disappeared at the end of the 1990s . 
  paradoxically , they are also facing difficulties because of the fn now , as marine le pen tries to normalize the party for years by pushing out the neo-nazis who were among their members . 
  there are still some groups though , probably a few thousand of people . 
  fights between them and far-left members are n't uncommon , which resulted in a death two years ago . 
  according to the * observatoire national contre l\u2019islamophobie ( onci ) * ( a non government observatory ) , there were 274 acts and menaces against muslims because of their faith or ethnicity during the 6 first months of 2015 , which is 3 times more than for the whole year of 2014 . 
  attacks against the jews are a bit more common , and to some extend , those attacks are made by neo-nazis . 
  change your name to england . 
  problem solved !, 
   is this normal in , for example , america ? 
  ca n't talk for the north of the us , but it definitely is in the south . 
  you might not like this but , having spent some time in scotland , you guys tend to act a lot more like french or walloon people than like the rest of northern europe . 
  also , there would n't be any contradiction in such point of view for the moderate left considering that you can only help a certain amount of people . 
  if you are selective , and dismiss the people who are n't refugees coming from a war zone , then you can help more people who are really refugees . 
  this is both pragmatic and ethical . 
  that 's the position of the far left progressives , but it 's not really important considering that the far left is n't in charge . 
  yes it is , an enlightened dictatorship . 
  for the people who do n't care about politics , the country is relatively poor but peaceful . 
  most moroccan who came in europe are n't here for political reasons though , but for economic reasons . 
  you seem to be spot on , especially considering that for most people who want to come from maghreb to work in europe , going to france is most of the time more logical than going to germany : the french economy is slightly worse than the german one , but there is already a huge community in france , the standard of living are almost on par , it 's not more complicated to go in france than to go in germany and most of them speak french , whereas none of them speak german . 
  considering that there are [ less than 50 000 jews ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_population_by_country#table ) in hungary , and around 80 000 jews in marseille , the map is misleading . 
  finland also suffers because of the lost markets of nokia , forest products , and a chunk of the trade with russia , which makes the problem of the euro even more acute . 
   are you sure they care about their clients ? 
  after encouraging its customers to sell , do you know that rbs is n't buying ? 
  absolutely not !, 
  the eu does many things like trading , traveling , working and studying abroad simpler than ever , which helps to shape peaceful relations as european economies are more interdependent than ever before . 
  actually , the process of reconciliation between france and germany started before the eu , during the 1950 's . 
  the eu is to some extent ( even if it 's wider ) the legacy of this process , but not its cause . 
  the causation seems to be reversed . 
  the eu is n't an actor that seeks to enhance the peace between them through what it does . 
  it is more a kind of setting in which the process is ongoing . 
  ** germany and france are enhancing the peace between them while trying to do things with and through the eu . 
  ** ulrich krotz and joachim schild wrote a book about this process : [ shaping europe : france , germany and embedded bilateralism from the elys\u00e9e treaty to twenty-first century politics ] ( https://www.timeshighereducation.com/books/shaping-europe-france-germany-and-embedded-bilateralism-from-the-elyse-treaty-to-twenty-first-century-politics-by-ulrich-krotz-and-joachim-schild/2002446.article ) . 
  `` krotz and schild survey the franco-german role in designing and developing the eu 's institutions , in enlarging its membership , in introducing the euro , in facing the current financial crisis , and in trying to give `` europe '' a voice in world affairs . 
  the record shows how the `` embedded '' structure of the relationship has often provided a basis for the two partners , despite their intrinsic differences , to reach common positions and give a lead to the eu as a whole . '', 
  i talked about the hypothesis of nukes in germany only as an hypothesis if there was n't any process of reconciliation after wwii and a tense relationship between both countries . 
  also , the eu is far from being perfect , and the franco-german relationship could have been different without this institution , but not necessarily about warmongering . 
  this warning is n't really helping the economy as a whole , but at least they seem to care about their clients .
