  it 's not any better . 
  first , one can set up financial holdings or trusts in tax haven that will get the dividends . 
  secondly , you 'll have countries offering extremely low tax rates to foreign wealthy people if they come . 
  it 's already the current situation . 
  rich people live in london , monaco or switzerland specifically for that . 
  yes these claims were bullshit . 
  you 'll always get propaganda against the enemy in any war : julius caesar having an affair with nicomedes , spanish 's inquisition black legend , napoleon being small , ceaucescu 's massacre in timisoara or iraqis murdering babies in incubators . 
  the fact that bullshit has been said by the other side , or that the war was n't just , still does n't prove that libyan 's gold was the reason behind the conflict . 
  if it appears that there 's significant facts to support such a claim , then so be it . 
  but currently , there 's no real proof and the single hint is very thin . 
  it all comes down to one mail by an outsider quoting an unnamed and losing libyan leader , which is being used as a source by many dubious news outlets known to spread fake news . 
  there were many reasons that led to kill gadaffi . 
  some of them , were probably neither legal nor ethical . 
  but killing him for wanting to create a gold based currency reeks of libyan propaganda . 
  if you read the mail where this idea comes from , which is also the single source , it has been written by a man that was n't allowed to work within the us government , and worked for the clinton foundation . 
  he was therefore an outsider . 
  he had the confidence of clinton , but his memos were considered as [ unreliable ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/19/us/politics/clinton-friends-libya-role-blurs-lines-of-politics-and-business.html ) by senior diplomats that got to read them . 
  he 's explaining this idea according to unnamed sources from a government that was being destroyed on the field , which tried to say that they had the means to keep on fighting with their gold reserves . 
  just for fun , look at what the iraqi 's government was stating barely a week before the us took over them . 
  it sounds exactly the same . 
  also , libya 's central bank had 7 bn dollars in gold . 
  it 's clearly normal for a central bank holding more than a 115 bn dollars in order to diversify their reserve . 
  it 's not a crazy amount of gold . 
  140 tonnes are not enough to back up a currency for a whole continent . 
  greece has almost that much gold . 
  lebanon has twice as much . 
  that 's not even taking into account the fact that gold standard today is stupid . 
  seriously , the mere layout of your article 's website should have warned you ... 
  * ask for permission to kill their leader and destabilize the entire region . 
   dear mouammar ,  david and i have been hearing that you were planning on attacking benghazi . 
  therefore , we set up a plan aimed at killing you and destabilize the entire region . 
  it 's with deep regret that i wo n't pay you back for your keen support during the presidential campaign . 
   can we count on your entire support in this initiative ? 
   yours sincerely  n. s. 
  people like to see new buildings being built . 
  they do n't care about a building being maintained , as it has no tangible results . 
  if you ask them * in abstracto * about spending on upkeep , they 'll say that it 's a good thing to not be short sighted . 
  but really , they do n't care about it as much as they care about things that can be seen . 
  if a politician has to choose between closing a single hospital , or not spending enough on a 100 hospitals ' upkeep , which would lead to greater spending 20 years down the road , he will face way less backlash by spending less on upkeep than by closing an hospital . 
  when it 's too late though , and that a bridge has to be closed or fall , voters will be mad at politicians for being too short-sighted . 
  not that many . 
  but not even the richest people do so according to this pew poll . 
  [ 92 % of their funding ] ( http://www.msf.org/en/our-finances ) come from 5.7 millions individual donors . 
  they usually do n't get one shot gifts , but people give them a monthly sum , which gets msf a steady income . 
  they [ received 1.5 bn euros ] ( http://www.msf.org/sites/msf.org/files/msf_financial_report_2016_final.pdf ) last year , which means that on average their individual donors give around 20 $ per month . 
  there 's nothing shaddy in their funding . 
  you are right about their current shape , but in the grand scheme of things though , these countries are rich countries , with a very high hdi . 
  the paradox is that people in vietnam are happier than people in japan , italy , france or south korea . 
  of course , trend matters ( growing makes one happy , stagnating does n't ) . 
  but there 's cultural elements in it , which either make peoples ' lives truly suck or make them believe that their lives suck . 
   first , a bit of a trivia question . 
  what nationality was stalin ? 
  ( answer : georgian ) . 
  why must russians be responsible for what the georgian did ? 
  the soviet union developped nuclear weapons under stalin . 
  which country got to keep soviet union 's gigantic nuclear arsenal after the lisbon protocol ? 
  hint : it 's not georgia . 
  also , hitler was austrian . 
  it does n't mean that germany is n't responsible for wwii . 
  i think that we are talking past each other . 
  i 'm not saying that criticizing corbyn is enough for the tories to win . 
  as you say , it 's clearly not . 
  the tories need to offer something to the people in order to appeal to them . 
  but it 's still a useful thing to do , because it 's a way to score a few free points against your main opponent by rallying your troops and distracting a few voters from him . 
  also , you can do both : propose something appealing to the people and criticize your opponent . 
  as you do that , you put your opponent in a position where he has to defend himself . 
  you just make a few criticism about it , then newspapers will do the job for you : write articles on venezuela and ask corbyn about it . 
  if you blame corbyn for being in bed with chavez , then corbyn will have to explain himself instead of explaining his policies . 
  i do n't think that the problem come from the president 's personality . 
  there was no general rejection of pompidou , despite him lacking de gaulle 's bigger than life personality . 
  times changed and french people changed , not just presidents ' personality . 
  if you look at any poll , french people are negative about everything : migrants and [ globalisation ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/11/17/international-survey/ ) , the [ eu ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/pm_2016-06-07_brexit-01/ ) , [ life ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/10/30/people-in-emerging-markets-catch-up-to-advanced-economies-in-life-satisfaction/ ) itself ( where france is n't such an outlier though ) , our leaders ... 
  i mean , only 57 % of rich people in france say that they are happy . 
  56 % of poor people in the us are . 
  in comparison , 72 % of their rich are saying they are happy . 
  i 'm fairly certain that being rich in france should make one happier than being poor in the us . 
  there 's a shitty mood in france , which is quite similar to italy in that regard . 
  that ca n't be explained by how awful things are around here . 
  that can only be explained by how awful things are perceived . 
  this mood was n't as pregnant back in the 1950s or 1960s , despite french people being much poorer back then . 
  french people became overly critical . 
  * fillon promised to suppress 500 000 public jobs in 5 years . 
  * macron promised to suppress 120 000 public jobs in 5 years . 
  even economically , saying that both policies are identical with a cosmetic difference is exagerating . 
   if the tories are so fucking concerned about impending socialism in the uk they are not . 
  they know full well that even if corbyn won , the uk would n't become really socialist . 
  they are just interested in winning elections and holding their power . 
   they are n't going to win a majority again just by saying ` omg look corybn is a communist ' . 
  they just did . 
  if the tories are rambling about how awfully communist jeremy corbyn is since such a long time , it 's because it works . 
  as far as i know , jeremy corbyn still is n't prime minister . 
   your ordinary voter does n't even know what communism is . 
  it does n't matter . 
  what matters is the fact that your ordinary british voter knows that he does n't want the uk to become communist . 
  look at the us . 
  republicans kept on saying that obama was a socialist , despite him being absolutely not socialist and actually as left wing as angela merkel . 
  the ordinary american never opened a single book written by a socialist nor could define socialism . 
  but the ordinary american hates socialism , which is all that matters . 
  the right is pushing it for two reasons . 
  first , that 's free rallying points for their own troops with a good argument to mock corbyn and his party .
