  the oldest republican principle , equality in front of the law , was n't fit for our modern times anymore . 
  it 's pretty telling that only 29 % of the candidates that presented their candidacy to the party were women , but in the end the party chosed 50 % of its candidates among them , as mandated by law . 
   why is `` half men , half women '' a target in the first place ? 
  it 's in the constitution ( art . 
  1 ) and in the law ( from 1999 ) . 
   what does chromosome type have to do with one 's ability to do this job ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's because of the 2 rounds system , which allow the coexistence of several big parties , which means that the biggest one ca n't be that big relatively to the total . 
  if the electoral system was similar to the us , we 'd end up with the same political offer as the us : only two significant parties . 
  sure , each of both parties get more votes and looks more representative . 
  but for many people , voting for one of the two parties is actually a second choice . 
  except that they only have to chose once . 
  look at people that are socialists in the us . 
  they have to vote for democrats that are definitely not socialists . 
  really , the french system is n't that different from any other winner takes all system like the uk or the us . 
  it looks even less representative but it is n't . 
  proportional systems like spain , italy , belgium or germany are clearly more representative , and france used to have something similar . 
  but it was very unstable . 
  it 's tough to find an equilibrium between apt representation and stability . 
  they do n't have their supermajority yet . 
  you ca n't just look at the first round results and compare it to the end results in a two rounds system . 
  * if * en marche * ends up with a supermajority , as it 's likely going to happen next week , it would mean that they reach more than 50 % in most districts during the second round , not merely 30 % . 
  * if the electoral system was different , then the political offer would be different . 
  for example , look at what happens in scotland thanks to fptp : even labour leaning unionists ended up voting for the tories . 
  if they had a two round system , these people would have probably voted for the labour party during the first round , and then against the snp during the second round . 
  mechanically , the tories would have had less votes during the first round there . 
  if the system was fully proportional and plurinominal , then they would have just voted for the labour party . 
  you ca n't just use the number of votes and compare the results in different electoral systems . 
  until now , between 80 and 90 % of new laws stem from the government , not from members of parliament . 
  most of the time , the parliament acted as a mere rubber-stamping chamber . 
  if some members of parliament were trying to shift the government 's will , the government just uses the `` 49-3 '' constitutional clause . 
  it means that if the parliament is opposed to the bill , then it has to remove the government , which would mean new parliamentary elections . 
  members of parliament never go that far . 
  honestly , even before macron , the parliament was n't a balancing power against the government . 
  it was just , at most , a toothless barking power . 
  macron 's result wo n't make things much worse in that regard . 
  we have an elective monarchy , with a new vote every 5 years . 
  actually , the president has even more power than louis xvi had . 
  it 's just limited in time and there 's a constitutional council and treaties to limit the rest . 
  time to unify the continent [ once again ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f5/europe_1812_map_en.png/1200px-europe_1812_map_en.png ) . 
  sorry portugal . 
  and greece too btw . 
  fn struggles a lot to find upper class and upper middle class candidates : teachers , professors , lawyers , doctors , engineers etc. 
  they tried to set up a secret group of `` elite '' professionals called '' * horaces * '' in order to prepare for the day they might get elected . 
  it turned out as a massive failure . 
  there are two reasons behind this fact . 
  first , these social categories usually dislike the fn . 
  secondly , being publicly fn would be very damaging for one 's career , which is also why you do n't even see army officers or higher-ups from the police among them . 
  most people with higher education and upper class background in this party are from former aristocratic families , but they do n't blend well with the more popular part of their electorate . 
  therefore , the fn has a very limited pool of apt parliamentary candidates . 
  they ca n't even rely on trade union leaders like the communist party . 
  so , they end up with a lot of outsiders , sometimes way too young and often uneducated . 
  i would n't go that far considering the likes of duterte and the [ current occupant of the white house ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkghtyxz6rc ) , but your countrymen are doing their best at fighting clich\u00e9s such as the uk being politically stoic , pragmatic and subtle . 
  that 's in lyon proper , in the south-east . 
  villeurbanne is in the north-east . 
  they had toilets and a sink but not necessarily a shower or a bathtub . 
  these buildings had been built around 1920 . 
  in 1962 , only 30 % of france 's housing had real bathrooms . 
  it reached 93 % in 1990 . 
  there 's a social housing neighbourhood in lyon which has been built during the 1920s and 1930s , but is very similar to any kind of project built during the 1960s ( except that the walls are rock-solid ) . 
  around 1988 , the whole neighbourhood has been renovated through the installation of bathrooms in appartments , a few trees , benches , and [ impressive frescoes ] ( http://p0.storage.canalblog.com/08/64/724902/77319122_o.jpg ) . 
  inhabitants remained the same , and it still was social housing . 
  they immediately noticed a different atmosphere and behavior , people stopped dropping trash outside , and teenagers stopped drawing stupid graffitis . 
  more than 2 decades later , it still [ remains just as clean ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxg-yuz4z6i ) as any rich neighbourhood , without any process of gentrification . 
  there are even tourists that come to visit the frescoes . 
  the web designer is colour blind . 
  she explained a few months ago how '' [ merkel is losing germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be5bkce3upg ) '' , then she was excited at the oncoming victory of [ marine le pen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpijee9ewx8 ) , then was [ disturbed by the lack of white people at macron 's victory rally ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/world-news/europe/1.788012 ) ( despite the fact that the crowd was probably above 90 % white ... ) . 
  honestly , she 's not worth anyone 's time . 
  she would n't be able to talk to the mind of her public . 
  but she does n't need to . 
  she talks to their guts , give them what they want to hear , no matter how far from the truth it is , she 's angry , and all of that is enough to write in the dailymail and be invited by fox news as a `` journalist '' . 
   i disagree . 
  the idea is not to convince people to avoid isis . 
  the idea is to have an excuse for jailing or expelling jihadists before they can commit terror attacks . 
  determined terrorists will just stop looking at this kind of material , just like al-qaida stopped using cellphones . 
  furthermore , from a terrorist point of view , this material is useless . 
  also , how long will you send them to jail for having this king of material ? 
  if we are talking about real jihadists , jailing them during a few years will be useless . 
  they 'll come out of jail with even more hatred , knowing a ton of criminals with easy access to illegal weapons and potentially preaching a radical islam to other inmates . 
  if you want to make sure , by jailing them , that they are not going to commit a terrorist act , you better keep them at least 30 years in prison , until they become old enough to finally come to their mind . 
  thus , you 'll jail people for 30 years because they had some pictures or books or videos . 
  and there will still be terrorists acts happening in europe despite using this kind of extreme solution . 
   so maybe change the laws ? 
   flip the isis material with child porn , all of a sudden it seems action can be taken . 
  first , unlike child porn , it 's kind of hard to characterize what would be `` isis material '' . 
  many news reports are really close to what would be `` isis material '' , whereas you definitely do n't have this kind of blurriness with child porn . 
  secondly , some people might just be interested in it without agreeing with isis ' ideology nor wanting to commit any terrorist act . 
  likewise , reading mein kampf does n't mean that you are a nazi that wants to kill some jews and communists . 
  you would be punishing them for doing something that 's harmless . 
  finally , that would be almost useless . 
  wannabe terrorists would just stop looking at it , which means that such a law would n't achieve anything regarding terrorism . 
  isis would just keep on terrorizing even without its readership on its own material , because legit news outlets ' publicity is way more than enough . 
  on the other hand , child porn 's interest without any public is significantly diminished . 
  banning child porn reduces child abuse . 
  banning isis material wo n't reduce isis at all . 
  france made a law criminalizing the usual reading of terrorist websites in 2012 . 
  the constitutional council banned the law this year . 
  would you include london 's mayor in this group ? 
   they are just beginning to challenge the status quo . 
  please , define `` they '' .
