  he sees greeks as : * `` a lying devil '' * `` treacherous '' * `` lazy '' * life ends : `` in fraud '' . 
  yes , the main differences between germany 's army and the uk or france are the german 's reluctance to use its troops because of its history and the lack of any nuclear weapon . 
  the conventional armies of those countries are relatively close to one another . 
   an eu army would be very dangerous . 
  to be fair , an eu army would probably be more useless than dangerous . 
  we ca n't find a common ground on issues like taxes or migrants , so i do n't see how we could take decisions about an act of war ... 
  and belgium is n't a `` failed state '' either . 
  that 's the point . 
  can you provide any source of such bashing of belgium by france ? 
  for example , any official statement coming from french elected officials , such as this one by the prime minister of belgium bashing france ? 
  there are libraries in almost every city , even in those that have less than 4000 inhabitants . 
  the suburbs are n't that big either , you can go to museums and stuff by public transportation , through the route that people use everyday to go to work . 
  to put an extreme example : in lyon , the neighbourhood of * la guilloti\u00e8re * , where a heavy majority of immigrants live , notably from north africa and sub saharan countries , is exactly 15 minutes away by walk from the opera and the art museum of the city . 
  still , if you go to the opera , you wo n't see much people coming from that neighbourhood . 
  you 'll usually see mainly old white people , a few students , a few families coming obviously from relatively wealthy background , and an important group of asians . 
  access is only annoying if you live in the countryside . 
  habits are playing a huge role in that trend . 
  isis seems to prey , like every sect , on people who are weak at least temporarily : young teenage girls on the internet to marry their soon to be `` martyrs '' , people in prison , people who have issues with drugs etc. . . 
  if you feel that your life is insignificant , you might find daesh as an attractive option to find a meaning in your life . 
  the problem is that there are millions of people who can feel insignificant in our individualist societies , and if only a few hundred of them decide to go for daesh , they can cause a significant threat . 
  being integrated is a great way to live a meaningful life , but that 's not enough to live a meaningful life . 
  it looks like a mix between a sectarian movement and the trend of mass murderers that started in the us . 
  efficient social policies can help , but it wo n't solve everything sadly . 
  it seems that they come from several kind of backgrounds : from middle class people coming from the countryside to lower middle class or poor people from * banlieues * . 
  lots of them went to jail for petty crimes , which usually means that they are poor and poorly integrated , but not necessarily all of them . 
  you are right considering that they are n't in extreme poverty though : none of them was homeless obviously . 
  still , i do n't think that people who like to visit museums or listen to operas would admire a sect that likes to destroy priceless roman ruins . 
   i 'd say that access to high culture is a prerequisite of cultural integration granting access to high culture is great for several reasons . 
  the current policy to popularize such culture needs improvement though , as granting access does n't seem to be sufficient . 
  nevertheless , i do n't think that it has much to do with the general problem of integration , as millions of frenchmen or italians or whatever are fully integrated as nationals without bothering about classical culture . 
  by the way , classical culture is n't necessarily a great tool to fight radicalization . 
  for example , many members of the muslim brotherhood are bright and cultivated . 
  i wo n't say that they are terrorists , but they advocate radical religious ideas that are contradictory with most european values . 
  many intellectuals have always dived into radical and fanatical ideologies during the past . 
  olivier roy , a specialist of islam , wrote an interesting theory about what pushes the radicalization today . 
  according to him , it is not a phenomenon of radicalization of islam . 
  it is the ** islamization of the radicalization ** . 
  the jihadists today are n't usually people who were deeply muslim for years . 
  they are n't people who studied the theology either . 
  25 % of them are converted people that never suffered of prejudice against muslims , and were [ well integrated ] ( http://www.ladepeche.fr/article/2015/10/27/2205559-jihad-maxime-hauchard-itineraire-banal-francais-devenu-bourreau-syrie.html ) . 
  almost all of the jihadists were n't too much into islam before a radicalization that happened in a relative short time . 
  lots of them were petty criminals , some never did anything wrong before , and almost all of them were enjoying the typical life of a teenager : listening to music , partying , smoking and drinking etc. . . 
  they are newborn as jihadists , not radicalized prejudiced muslims . 
  if we were in the 1970s , the same kind of people probably would have been involved in left-wing terrorism , or in anarchist terrorism during the 19th century . 
  propaganda works if it is not perceived as propaganda , otherwise it 's patronizing and counterproductive . 
  for example , you go to the cinema to watch * stalingrad * as an action movie , and the propaganda operates subtly , and it just works . 
  there are movies that could do the same job against jihadists , such as * timbuktu * , which is subtle and measured . 
  teenagers who have seen it are usually very impressed by this . 
  you can also demonize your enemy through the news . 
  the problem is that isis is already being demonized by the news . 
  propaganda does n't work on people who are rejecting the establishment and society as a whole . 
  the problem of jihad is about a very small minority . 
  propaganda is a tool that can be used to influence the majority . 
  it does n't work on the most extreme elements that are threatening us today . 
  france 's annual budget for the ministry of culture is around 7 billions of euro . 
  most museums are free for young people ( under 26 yo ) , classical concerts , operas and libraries are either inexpensive or free for that category . 
  still , the young people that uses those are usually those coming from middle class and upper middle class with a strong emphasis on intellectual values . 
  the people who are mostly sensible to isis , usually from poorer background , mostly go to cinemas , watch tv and listen to pop music , and rarely uses the rest of the cultural offer . 
  why would that be different in italy ? 
  fun fact : sin\u00e9 , a cartoonist that was working for charlie hebdo , was fired in 2008 by the newspaper , because he was accused of antisemitism by his redactor in chief after drawing a cartoon joking about jean sarkozy , the son of the president , marrying the heir of the darty family ( who is jewish ) . 
  sin\u00e9 was prosecuted for antisemitism and acquitted . 
  charlie hebdo was ordered to pay 90 000 euros to sin\u00e9 because it did n't followed the rules according to which you can fire someone . 
   they totally ignore their own crimes in north and sub-saharan africa though the french colonial past is still a hot topic in france , but saying that is a straight lie . 
  examples : * 21 may 2001 : the french parliament voted a [ law ] ( http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000000405369 ) that recognises the atlantic slave trade and slavery as a crime against humanity . 
  * 20 december 2012 : president hollande qualified the french colonial system as `` deeply unfair and brutal '' and acknowledged the sufferings of the algerian people , in a [ speech ] ( http://www.france24.com/fr/20121220-france-algerie-hollande-discours-parlement-passe-colonial-repentance-excuses-memoire-histoire ) given in the algerian parliament . 
  * 12 october 2012 : president hollande gave a speech in dakar in which he talked about the massacre of thiaroye , which was the killing of 35 african soldiers , as `` a share of shadow in our history '' . 
  he decided to give the archives to senegal to display them in their memorial museum . 
  and the list goes on . 
  imo , dieudonn\u00e9 went too far during the last years . 
   he once dressed as an orthodox jew on television to be fair , he was n't mocking `` orthodox jews '' , he was mocking [ israeli colonists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j7ijhxf8ie ) , and was attacked by jewish associations as if he was mocking the jews as a whole . 
  around the same time , he was also mocking islamist terrorists and racists , and he was n't attacked by the muslims or the traditional french people . 
  therefore , he came to the conclusion that jews are considered specifically in france by the establishment , and radicalized against them . 
  the sentence seems heavy . 
  nevertheless , dieudonn\u00e9 is n't really ostracized by society . 
  he 's ostracized by mainstream medias and the majority , but he still has a huge fan base and when he finds venues that accept his shows , he has a huge success . 
  a large part of his fan base follows him specifically because of his hate of jews , and tried to imitate him through the fad of the * quenelle * that dieudonn\u00e9 invented ( an arm movement illustrating an act of sodomy on jews and on the powerful people with a kind of sausage ) . 
  by the way , he was fined several times in france and tried to avoid paying those fines by hiding his revenues . 
  holocaust denial is an offence in france since the * loi gayssot * ( 1990 ) , which was judged compatible with the european convention for human rights . 
  the treaty 189 of the council of europe was also ratified by france in 2005 and say the same thing about opinions published on the internet . 
  it has been ratified by 38 countries , some with a few reserves . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 was only fined by french courts , and tried to avoid to pay that by hiding his revenues , but this time he is sentenced to jail by a belgian court . 
  i 've been to berlin , and some neighbourhoods looked almost identical to poor french banlieues of paris or lyon . 
  but you are probably right for bavaria that i ca n't judge myself . 
   keeping crosses in schools and including muslim kids in christian religious classes that wo n't happen in our secular public schools in france . 
  also , it is possibly easier to accommodate a muslim faith in a religious and christian but open to freedom of religion state , like catholic bavaria , than in a secular state which considers that religion should n't be a public part of the life in society . 
  actually , there are uranium mines in niger that are strategic for france , just next to mali . 
  thus , france wants to avoid the spread of the crisis to niger . 
  currently , there is n't any uranium mining in mali itself . 
  the french model is also semi successful , but if you do n't live there , you will only hear about the problems , not about the successes or the most common situations . 
  there are more than [ 700 ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/isis-threatens-germany-islamic-state-jihadists-vow-attacks-european-soil-spilling-2041662 ) germans fighting in syria currently . 
  the success of * deutschland schafft sich ab * written by sarrazin , the rise of pegida and violences against refugees , the higher unemployment and poverty rates among the turkish minority , the fact that [ 62 % of them prefer social contacts only to fellow turks ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article108659406/tuerkische-migranten-hoffen-auf-muslimische-mehrheit.html ) tend to say that the german model is n't that more successful . 
  the difference in terms of integration is probably more about the fact that the german economy is in a much better shape than the french or the british economies , with a smaller muslim minority , than caused by a clear superiority of its model . 
  they genuinely tried to do the right thing , which is kind of admirable . 
  sadly , they are getting overtaken by reality . 
  the eu is rich , and sweden and germany are especially rich , but you ca n't give too much , such as ensuring their living conditions in expensive cities like stockholm or munich , to too many people . 
  finally , they are closing the doors . 
  it would have been better to build shelter in refugee camps near the border of the eu for every refugees , than to do what we ( the eu , but mostly germany and sweden ) did : open the doors , let refugees run in , then close the door and leave the unlucky ones outside , whereas they still try to run in . 
  filling the eu quota is just the following of the same policy . 
  the cost of sustainment for those who are in are going to be a much heavier burden than how much the cost of helping everyone in camps would have been . 
  that would have been wiser and more charitable .
