  thus , it 's easy for the court 's opponents to consider the court as a colonial tool . 
  we should n't fund secularist movements , because they would be blamed for this foreign help . 
  we could help the government in tunisia or morocco in a rather neutral way though , like helping them funding infrastructure projects through the eu for example ( we are already doing so , but we could do much more ) . 
  france , or the uk , or any other less significant european country , ca n't do anything about the policy of the gulf 's states . 
  the us could , because if the us started to put some pressure on saudi arabia and the smaller arab states , then the smaller european countries would follow , because they do n't want to be against the us . 
  let 's say that france decides unilateraly to stop working with qatar , or to put a lot of pressure on them . 
  then qatar will be slightly annoyed , because they would need to find a new friend . 
  so they 'll have to [ wave money ] ( https://youtu.be/bcuaw77j8_y?t=1m28s ) in the air , offering a deal to anyone who is interested , and [ the uk ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-defends-britains-alliance-with-saudi-arabia-and-rejects-accusations-it-funds-isis-a6819106.html ) , or [ the us ] ( https://youtu.be/lkppkrnm7cu?t=37s ) , or even china will just make a better deal than france did . 
  sure you are right , they do n't care at all about that . 
  in fact , they probably do n't care about actual foreign policy . 
  even a neutral country like sweden or switzerland could be the next victim . 
  there 's just some sad irony in the fact that france got hit last year and belgium now despite having opposed the war in iraq , which is one of the main cause of the current mess in the middle east , because according to both of our governments at the time , the war in iraq was going to create a mess which would come back to bite us ... ( hopefully , we messed up lybia ourselves , so bush and blair are n't the only one to blame . ), 
  belgium opposed the war in iraq though . 
  north korea is n't interesting for anyone , including the islamist crazies . 
  russia on the other hand is n't immune to those kinds of attacks . 
  they bought peace with kadyrov , but things could go very bad . 
  also , there are many chechens in syria fighting for daech . 
   it is far less excusable to be caught with your pants down . 
  well , european officials did n't criticize the us and their security forces after the san bernardino attack either , is n't it ? 
  strangely enough , brits visiting france are fine and polite . 
  * nouveaux riches * foreign tourists are annoying but pay very well : they usually come from india , china , arab countries or russia . 
  they gather around paris , the c\u00f4te d'azur and also sometimes ski on green slopes . 
  considering that the main reasons to go to the netherlands as a french tourist are : * great museums in amsterdam * great weed in amsterdam * bonus points for doing both at the same time i 'd say that behaving calmly is helped by the * chilling effect * of those occupations . 
  yes they still make some . 
  it 's very expensive because it 's a blend of 1200 different eau de vie , which are between 40 and 100 years old . 
  pernod ricard , a french company , is the owner of around 30 different brands of whiskey , including blends as clan campbell , but also higher quality products as ballantine 's or chivas regal , and single malts like aberlour and glenlivet . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebuughhqn6w ) is what happened in france 3 years ago when the government pushed a bill to allow same sex marriage . 
  now we have got around 20 000 married gay couples . 
  i 'm still looking forward to witness the end of our civilization . 
  never heard of westerners being attacked in japan ( not saying that i do n't trust you on that though ) . 
  still , i was refering to how the japanese were behaving as tourists in foreign countries , not how they behave in japan . 
  it 's obviously hard to get for many drunk tourists , but people should keep in mind that when they are in a foreign country , they are representing their homeland to the natives that welcomed them . 
  there 's a reason why people tend to like japan and its inhabitants all over europe and north america . 
  i could bet that many of those hooligans are also considering themselves as proud nationalists and eindhoveners ; well , they just ridiculed their country and their city . 
  nice to see that we have another thing in common !, 
  our dear teachers are also told that `` less is better '' , and school time is being shorten after each `` reform '' . 
  you asked for an answer , you get an answer . 
  if it 's worth it or not is up to you . 
  france is an immigration country since 150 years . 
  overall it was well worth it even if there were many downsides . 
  it 's still a bit early to know whether or not if it 's also worth it for the more recent waves of immigrants . 
  italy or germany are immigration countries since half a century , spain even less that that etc. . . 
   has multiculturalism benefited native population in any way when the immigration has been done from mena countries ? 
  yes , at least in [ one way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfofb-qnzbu ) . 
  saying that you 'll increase pensions , put in place a sate funded wage for housewives equivalent to 80 % of the minimum wage which is about 1400 $ , increase military expenditures by 50 % , police and justice by 25 % , increase family benefits , going back to the franc , reverse the outsourcing trend of work toward china and such , without increasing taxes but funding this by tackling fraud is populism . 
  this was fn 's economic program in 2015 . 
   unfortunately , the west today ( western europe anyway , north america not so much ) is not the pragmatic and practical consumerist concorde generation that defeated the soviet union , now it is led by an unhealthy obsession of multiculturalist utopia and ` social justice ' at any cost . 
  ca n't talk about the other western european countries , but our current leaders in france are exactly the same people as during the 1980 's ( they are not only sharing the same ideas , most of them are actually the same persons ) . 
  immigrants from africa tend to have more children . 
  france has a significant population of people coming from northern , western and central africa . 
  state 's help to raise children is quite generous in the form of benefits , free school and paid-leave after birth . 
  also in germany , women tend to chose between working and having children , whereas in france doing both at the same time is the norm . 
  there is n't a cultural pressure on mothers to stop working , it 's usually the contrary . 
  children begin school around 2 or 3 years old . 
  there first year , they have class during the morning . 
  since they reach 4 years old to the end of high school , school lasts during the wole day ( around 8h to 16h30 ) . 
  children not having a free afternoon like in germany means that parents ( the mothers especially ) have more time to work . 
  a typical family lunch with extended family on a sunday can last up to 6 hours here . 
  you do n't just eat , you talk and you drink too . 
  the analogy is about how any cult which feel persecuted by unbelievers will perceive criticism coming from those unbelievers : just more persecution and lies . 
  you ca n't really overcome simple answers with pedagogy , because your ( our ) ideas , reasoning and values are much more complex than those accepted by the religious group . 
  for example for a salafi : the quran ca n't be criticized and is the answer to every problem including the meaning of life ; there are mainly two groups of people which are the muslims ( the good ) and the kouffar ( the bad ) etc. . 
  such simplicity and absolutes are appealing for many teenagers , especially if they are revolting against their own secular parents or society ( a main cause in jihadism in europe according to olivier roy ) . 
   people in the us are n't converted to christian extremism by other people during their teens . 
  it 's not that different with the `` born-again '' christians . 
  the comparison was about the limited impact of reasonable criticism . 
   in the end , it is hate speech and it should be treated as such and not ignored or swept under the rug . 
  ca n't disagree with you !, 
  for example : you can watch [ jesus camp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy_u4u7-cn8 ) , buy a ticket for the [ creation museum ] ( http://creationmuseum.org/tickets/ ) , learn with genesis creation science institute how geology and paleontology are [ misleading ] ( http://genesisscience.org/the-old-earth-theological-enigma-a-pretty-tough-pill-to-swallow/ ) us or [ cure ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/faith/article2099702.ece ) your homosexuality with the help of god . 
  the greeks do n't want to and almost could n't even if they wanted to . 
  greece is a small country with 11 million inhabitants , a decreasing number . 
  keeping 3 million refugees there would transform a significant part of the country in a glorified refugee camp . 
  that alone is a good enough reason for greeks to refuse to do so . 
  turkey has a growing population of 75 million people . 
  keeping 3 million refugees is manageable for such a huge country ( as it would be for germany ) , even if it 's a hard task . 
  therefore , erdogan can negociate with the eu . 
  even if criticism was more widespread , there would be no guaranteed result . 
  just look at how extreme christianism is remaining strong in the usa despite the fact that criticism of their beliefs ( like creationism ) is very common . 
  if a group considers itself as persecuted , criticism coming from miscreants will fall flat , or will even strengthen its craziest aspects . 
  they ca n't force such a thing within the eu without the other countries agreeing on it . 
  asking france to stop building nuclear plants is like forcing germany to give up on carmaking . 
  merkel , putin , gorbatchev , berlusconi , elizabeth ii and thatcher for sure , probably also milo\u0161evi\u0107 and ceau\u0219escu . 
  less recent but will be remembered too : de gaulle and franco , maybe adenauer . 
  blair , lech wa\u0142\u0119sa and chirac might not be forgotten , but it 's not a given . 
  not in europe but as you asked : obama will be remembered as the first african-american us president , not really for what he did . 
  france and the french electorate are n't the main supporters of keeping the uk inside of the eu no matter what . 
  saying so is appealing for the french people in the exact same way that when boris johnson , mayor of london , was claiming that rich french people and bankers should leave france and come to the city , it was appealing for londoners but insulting for france . 
  also , macron , the economy minister , is working hard on becoming an important politician , so maybe it 's a kind of a show-off . 
  i would n't be surprised if he was dreaming about becoming president every morning while shaving . 
  he 's also a former banker , and french banks would be pretty happy with a brexit . 
   most countries can not reliably prevent a person from entering their territory if the person is motivated enough . 
  actually , it 's even more difficult for a country to prevent people from ** leaving ** their territory if the person is motivated enough ( for example : eastern germany ) . 
  at least , this division proves that even germany do n't `` lead '' the eu , which is n't simply a tool for german imperialism as we hear every so often . 
  it 's just the biggest force within the eu , among many other smaller but numerous forces . 
  a single country ca n't force the other members to do anything . 
  also , the eu itself is far from being a superstate overriding its members . 
  that 's the main point of starbucks though . 
  they did n't became such a huge company because of a superior ristretto or espresso , but because of the rest of their products which make up most of what starbuck and their competitors sell , at least in europe ( 98 % of what they sell in the uk for example ) . 
  asking for an espresso at starbucks is like asking for a salad at mcdonald 's or a kiss to a hooker . 
  some of their drinks are sugar free , but most have a lot of added sugar in it , even before you put some more yourself .
