sure i know . 
  i just said `` copy-pasta '' to mock them . 
  what yahoo news ( and many so-called newspapers ) do is just paying to be able to make a copy-pasta , and then get slightly more money thanks to the ad surrounding the copy-pasta . 
  surely , the real problem is that most people are n't keen on paying to get their news , therefore newspapers just have the ads revenues which can be enough to subscribe to big agencies reports , but not enough to pay proper journalists . 
  here 's a [ chart ] ( http://public.tableau.com/shared/966ck25wt ? 
  : display_count = yes ) with weekly spending on food per person per country . 
  the link between spending less in comparable countries , higher obesity and mediocre food is obvious . 
  you 'll feel the difference in your wallet between the average 63 $ spent in italy or france , and the 43 $ spent in the uk and in the usa . 
  you 'll also feel the difference in your plate . 
  the source is fine because yahoo merely copied-and-pasted a report coming from the agence france presse , which is legit . 
  french newspapers used the same source . 
  you do n't show someone wearing a kilt to represent the uk as a whole , is n't it ? 
  good point , but it 's not the kind of taxes that will give to the european people the feeling of being a taxpayer , because it is mostly invisible to the average taxpayer and not tangibly expressing the common efforts of the community . 
  if people had to pay for the eu in the same way that they have to pay their taxes to their city , then they 'll want to have a say on it . 
  in france , income tax only amounts to 19 % of the government 's tax revenue ( whereas 50 % comes from the tva ) . 
  around half of the french households have to pay this tax revenue because they earn enough money . 
  still , everyone gets the feeling that only those who have to pay income tax are real taxpayers , and it 's common to hear that the rest `` do n't even pay taxes '' . 
  the reason is that tangibly feeling as a contributor to the community is essential . 
  this feeling is lacking in the eu at the moment . 
   it either has to have real fiscal authority ( and the democratic legitimacy to exercise it ) , or it has to devolve that back to the states . 
  the same with every other area . 
  exactly . 
  instead of having fund given by the states ' budgets , the eu should raise taxes itself , accross the continent , proportionally to individuals , or households , without considering where the people are . 
  for example through a taxation on income or whatever . 
  then the european parliament should decide what to do with this money . 
  we have seen numerous times that despite the fact that the european elections are n't really popular , the european parliament is much closer to the european people 's opinion than the commission or the states . 
  currently , we just have petty politics between the states , and when it does n't work , we blame the eu . 
  it 's quite simple if you always bear in mind that the chinese leaders do what they do rationally in order to follow those interests , in order of diminishing importance : * the regime wants to keep its power * they care about china * there 's corruption . 
  did you feel a change in relationship between bosses and employees ? 
  my grandma often tells me that when there was n't a real threat of being unemployed here ( which means a rather long time ago in france but whatever ) , the bosses used to be much more polite and less abusive than today . 
  you are right . 
  we became too accustomed to our current freedom , usually disregarding what happened in our own history and how it has been the same kind of mess merely a few generations ago as it is nowadays in many muslim countries . 
  many xenophobes seem to believe that we have our freedom because of our christian legacy which is supposed to be inherently different from islam , disregarding the fact that most of our modern freedom was obtained against the church and the conservatives , not thanks to the church and the conservatives . 
  many so-called `` progressives '' do n't get that we did n't get our current freedom through `` love '' and `` tolerance '' , including the `` tolerance '' of the intolerants , but through a very violent , long and difficult historical process . 
   who are all these people who have a problem with israel but consider china and saudi arabia to be nice governments ? 
  the house of saud . 
  there are n't only two groups of countries in the eurozone which would be the rich and the poor . 
  there are different shades . 
  if you have a two-speed eurozone , with for example france , italy , spain etc. . . in the `` poor '' category , and germany et alii in the `` rich '' category , you 'll just replace germany 's current position by france and northern italy . 
  yes , nobody is saying the contrary . 
   quotas on number of jews admited to universities - which btw is very funny because it was motivated exactly the same way now `` positive discrimination '' is motivated in usa - less poles were smart enough to get to university relatively to their percentages in society , so we have to do sth actually , american universities did the same . 
  they introduced `` holistic admission process '' instead of a simple exam during the 1920s , because there were too many jewish students and not enough whites for their taste . 
  you ca n't take an austrian to supervize any german bank . 
  also , you may be able to find a french or italian or polish supervisor fit for the job who 's also speaking german as a second language , but you wo n't find many people that are able to do the job and are also able to speak in portuguese or greek as a second language though . 
  that being said , i 'd rather have the ecb deciding to work in german , or french , or spanish or italian or whatever with any bank , than in english , considering that ireland is the only english speaking country of the eurozone . 
  the brexit situation makes it even more obvious . 
  the eurozone has to protect its banks against the english speaking competition . 
  chosing to go for english is chosing a handicap in the long run . 
  well , owning art pieces is perfectly legal , whereas offshore is usually shaddy at best ( not enough to be a big enough deterrent though ) . 
  anyway , if you are a billionaire , i suppose that you have enough money to do both , and have a ton of different kinds of assets . 
  diversity of assets is important . 
   are the billionaires stupid in general or is there some sort of scam or money laundering around these art collections ? 
  some very rich billionaires are passionate about art , while others sees art as an investment , hoping that the price will go up . 
  also , in countries like mine and others , art pieces are tax exempt , whereas real estate and such are taxed . 
  if you think that they are stupid to pay that much for a rembrandt or a caravaggio , which will still be considered as masters in 200 or a 1000 years , and are firmly established as central pieces of art history , then you should look at the ridiculous market of trendy contemporary artists . 
  damien hirst sells at the same prices as the caravaggio , albeit the fact that nobody can say whether his work will be as durable or not . 
  reducing all spendings was n't going to help the economy in the short term , but if you have a significant deficit , ca n't raise more taxes and nobody want 's to loan you any money at a reasonable interest rate , then it was n't avoidable . 
  on the other hand , forcing countries like greece to sell public assets to pay back a tiny fraction of a debt that they wo n't be able to pay back anyway is a disgrace , because it 's not only useless , it will also harm the county even after the default anyway . 
  who 's guilty of that ? 
  even the brits did n't dare . 
  they had good [ teachers ] ( http://www.cordonbleu.edu/tokyo/chefs/en ) . 
   the french , german and italian bankers in london do n't want to move back to their dreary , small home countries it 's common to say so among englishmen , but i hardly see how paris , frankfurt or milano are drearier than london . 
  paris is n't even smaller than london , and frankfurt and milano are not really small cities either . 
  thx , i always mix up both . 
  ( tax heaven does n't seem too far off though . 
  in french , it 's * paradis fiscal * , which means word for word tax h ** e ** aven . ), 
  they are a tax heaven because we want them to be a tax heaven . 
  same for monaco . 
  and let 's be honest , the uk are doing the exact same thing with all those `` independent '' and `` sovereign '' islands . 
  and they have cheap tobacco , which makes up for the language being not french . 
  the study linked ( through twitter , because it 's how professional journalism works ) in this article is an 8 page report made by `` new world wealth '' , a south african think tank . 
  it says that there were 323 000 millionaires in france in 2015 . 
  this is the same report which is being quoted again and again recently , sometimes with smart interpretations such as `` religious conflict '' . 
  its numbers are completely different from the credit suisse 's global wealth report which is published every year . 
  according to credit suisse , there were 1 791 000 millionaires in france in 2015 . 
   there are more millionaires in france than in any other european country except the uk . 
  however , residents of both germany and the uk outnumber the french above usd 50 million or above usd 100 million . 
  i suppose that credit suisse do n't know much about wealth and working with millionaires . 
  to be fair , a part of the old left , especially in france , had the same kind of mythical and ideological perception of the working class as they now have about `` minorities '' . 
  in the statistics about the number of workers in the sector in france , even the food industry is included , whereas it is n't for the agricultural sector of the us . 
  at the same time , only agriculture is included in the base price value in france . 
  also , you ca n't compare the agricultural sector of the us as a whole to a single european country , because you ca n't have the same kind of farms in france , germany or italy as in the us as a whole , especially because of the mid-west for obvious reasons ( size , density , different kinds of production , wine is more intensive in use of workers than crops etc. . . ) . 
  you can compare france to california though . 
  france has roughly 50 % more inhabitants and 30 % higher population density , than california . 
  * there are around 450 000 workers in the agricultural sector in california . 
  the sector has an output of 55 billion dollars . 
  122 000 dollars per capita . 
  * french agriculture ( without the food processing industry ) employs 800 000 workers ( 500 000 independant farmers and 300 000 salaried workers ) . 
  the sector has an output of 70 billion euros ( 80 billion dollars ) . 
  100 000 dollars per capita . 
  the difference is n't as big as you seem to think it is , especially considering that euro lost a big share of its value to the dollar during the recent years . 
  if the euro to the dollar rate was the same as two years ago , then it would be roughly the same output per capita for the french and the californian agriculture . 
   regarding the french police - as someone from the netherlands slightly familiar with most west-european and south-european cultures , i 'm still completely puzzled when it comes to the laissez-faire attitude of the french gendarmerie regarding violent ` protests ' of french farmers . 
  as a frenchman , i 'm puzzled too every single time farmers , truck drivers and taximen are protesting violently like that with the police staying idle . 
  workers in factories usually are let doing violent stuff , but then they get convicted . 
  high schoolers and students on the [ other hand ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjkrstwugwy ) are treated in a more expeditive way . 
  there 's a link though , considering that the `` winemakers '' of this region are making poor quality wine , not highly profitable wine like in burgundy , c\u00f4tes-du-rh\u00f4ne , champagne , alsace or bordeaux . 
  there is a crisis ongoing since decades for them , because people do n't drink wine as they used to in order to replace water , but rather drink wine because they enjoy it . 
  they prefer to blame spanish or italian or chilean competition or whatever than understand that nobody but homeless people wants to drink their wine . 
  also , politics in this region is a mess : it merely lacks a volcano to be our napoli .
