  the current situation is n't easy , but it is way easier than back then . 
  the writers of the declaration did n't have islam in mind , but they had the mighty catholic church and the monarchy in mind , in a country without a unified culture . 
   what kinds of people join these anarchist groups ? 
  in france at least , many of them are actually bored college kids , usually studying social science . 
  the rest are fringe elements and half homeless . 
   i have a feeling these punks would be the first ones to run away if there was any sign of real trouble i would n't be so sure about that . 
  it 's true for some of them , but many loves to fight , literally , with the far-right and riot police . 
  those who are messing up in calais or around international meetings are violent people . 
  those who wrote * nik la france * ( ie : `` fuk the france '' ) are probably not the british ones though . 
  the * declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen * , which protects the first generation of human rights and is still in the french constitution , was written in 1789 during much more troubled times than today . 
  you ca n't hijack a plane without being in it . 
   ca n't they just offer benefits to citizens ? 
  you ca n't discriminate between eu citizens like that . 
  that 's currently a subject of conflict between the uk and the rest of the eu , and an argument for the brexit . 
  they are not colonialists at all nor responsible for israel 's policy . 
  they are civilians and not even israelis !, 
  they are victims of antisemitism justified by hate and stupidity , not by the `` official recognition of terrorists '' such as the olp , which was n't even considered as terrorist by many european countries and is now officially recognized by the un . 
  but the jews in france are n't the people being blamed for `` defending themselves '' in the gaza strip or jerusalem by any sensible person in the west . 
  the onus is n't only on `` palestinians who bomb people '' . 
   for ** no reason other ** than they 've been programmed to think that way . 
  or may be for the same reason that people in the west now view the european colonial past as a disgrace . 
  the theory linking political institutions and the choice of the longbow presented by this article is very interesting . 
  but there are many flaws . 
   \u03c9f = unstable , \u03c9e = stable t t f f attacks if p / ( 1 -- p ) < we/wf ; e attacks if p / ( 1 -- p )  we/wf the writer 's inner economist trying to establish mathematical laws about * arms-decision * , * attack-decision * and political stability was nonsense . 
  you ca n't use mathematical parameters like that to determine who is more likely to win a battle , take the decision to attack or use a specific weapon . 
  this is especially nonsensical as we are talking about the 13th and 14th century , war and events . 
  how are you going to measure the impact of irational feelings like fear , the quality of a leader , his sense of battle , the weight of traditions , the loyalty , or mysticism as involved with joan of arc 's epops ? 
  also , the writer uses extensively the number of soldiers involved in each battle . 
  but there is an enormous bias , considering that a soldier , especially at this time , was n't equivalent to another soldier at all . 
  in 1346 , for example , at the battle of crecy , the english army was small , but made mainly of high quality semi-professional soldiers . 
  this army was rich because the war was n't too long for them ; they came to loot and destroy as much villages as possible , because the strategy was aimed at proving that the french king was weak . 
  the french king , who was a bad leader by the way , had a bigger army . 
  but his army was exhausted financially . 
  the knights wanted to fight accordingly to the courtesy rules : you do n't kill another knight , you take him as prisoner to randsom him , which is a great way to get rich . 
  they were n't also keen to follow orders , and rushed toward the opposing lines to get hostages , messing up with their own infantry lines . 
  even the article 's introductory battle , `` the battle of halidon hill '' , is supposed to display the `` potency of the longbow '' . 
  one could also say that this battle just displayed the potency of any kind of ranged weapon when you are entranched in a defensive position on a hilltop , against an enemy climbing to reach you ... 
  haha [ thanks !, 
  there are n't as much vegetarians in france , and schools do n't accomodate them , but the way the cultural problem is solved is by proposing a pork dish and a fish dish . 
  such a solution seems fair and simple , as is yours . 
  but nowadays , you have the far right whining about the fact that we accomodate dishes for some religion , and also some muslims whining about the fact that their dishes have touched a pork dish , and therefore became impure . 
  stubbornness is bound to grow , whatever the fair solution you might find . 
  the argument is that some jobs can be created if the minimum wage is lower . 
  they do n't currently exist , like dog walker , or someone filling up the tank of your car at the gas station like in the past or in some other countries currently , because people are not ready to pay someone 8 $ per hour to do so . 
  if the minimum wage for refugees was like 4 $ per hour in germany , a job like dog walker or gas station attendant could become a thing . 
  if the refugees are working in such a low wage job , they would be actively , albeit modestly , participating in the economy as a whole , increasing the size of the german economy . 
  also , let 's say that they earn 500 $ a month like this . 
  thus , the state only has to give them 200 $ to help them meet the cost of living , instead of having to give them 700 $ , which means that they 'll rely less on government assistance . 
  as they would become actors in the german economy and in the german society , they wo n't resent germany . 
  the downside would be the induced social dumping for german unqualified workers and for the rest of europe 's workers , which german employers would probably like , as most economic liberals ( newspapers as * the economist * , the imf ... ) . 
  the question of the minimum wage is always a tradeoff . 
  considering that germany is facing almost full employment and a huge export surplus , i think that higher german wages would be better for everyone in europe , which is the contrary to the imf 's recommendation . 
  stop speaking german . 
  also , improve the weather and the landscape . 
  a ban on foreign religious funding , including mormons ' funding , is unlikely to find many peaople willing to defend the salt lake city 's church accross europe . 
  if you reduces the minimum wage for some people , it will make the situation of the other people with the same qualifications as them but with a higher minimum wage worse , outside of a bloated market , because they 'll risk unemployment . 
  many jobs without qualification do n't have a significant marginal product of labor , but are needed and are filled no matter how high the minimum wage is ( to some extent of course ) . 
  therefore , the people filling those jobs are being paid more than what they would be worth in a system without the minimum wage . 
  currently , for example , a woman is being employed at the german minimum wage as a german cleaning lady in a bank . 
  she does n't have any specific qualification . 
  she is n't making any amount of money for the company , but someone like her is needed , because the bank has to be clean . 
  let 's say that you reduces the minimum wage for the refugees in an attempt to match the new `` optimal minimum wage '' . 
  the german cleaning lady will just be replaced by a cheaper refugee cleaning lady . 
  you did n't created a job for this newly employed refugee , you just gave him a job that already existed , for a cheaper cost . 
  are n't your two points contradictory ? 
  in france , almost every satyre is allowed ( outside of calls to violence or hate , or insults against a private person , but it 's not really satyre per se ) including any satyre about religion ; but the theme of the holocaust is a minefield . 
  a racist or too sexist satyre is also not allowed ( but satyre about racism is allowed and common ) . 
  for example , our minister of justice , who is a black woman called christiane taubira , was mocked as `` having the banana '' ( which is an expression for `` smiling '' , albeit here used to make the link between her and an ape ) by a far right wing newspaper called * minute * . 
  the newspaper was condemned for this . 
  such a text as the one written by bajto about our national anthem would have not been seen as problematic at all . 
  an asylum seeker is in a very strange and annoying spot where he ca n't do anything albeit waiting : he ca n't act as if he 's going to stay ( study , work ) but he has to stay idle during the proceeding . 
  if the judicial or administrative process is too long , he has to stay in this temporary spot which is annoying for him and for the country where he 's staying , as the asylum seeker is just a burden at this moment . 
  the claim , if successful , will force the german administration to give a quick answer . 
  also , the 6th article of the european convention for human rights requires cases to be heard within a `` reasonable time '' , because of the importance of administering justice without delays which might jeopardise justice 's effectiveness and credibility . 
  this principle is being enforced more and more among european countries . 
  ( i ca n't speak for the specific german law . ), 
  some of them are not qualified and educated , but i was n't talking about them . 
  i was talking about the qualified and educated one , who needs to be acclimated . 
  for example , a foreign doctor in the uk needs to get accustomed to the way the nhs works , what are the law surrounding a british certificate etc. . . 
  refusing to make up proceedings to use the skills of those people is annoying for us ( because most european countries are lacking doctors ) and painful for them , as it was for the russian doctors or architects who ended up as taxi driver or garbage men in the west . 
   its not european medical orders dislike competition , its that nobody will want to get treated by anyone who looks even slightly non native because of this . 
  public safety concerns are the public argument to restrain such recognition , and they are legitimate . 
  but it 's also a fact that medical orders , as any professional order , usually dislike competition . 
  the less people are admitted , the better the situation is for those who are already in . 
  that 's also why many european countries are lacking doctors . 
  for example , it 's extremely difficult for a german or french doctor to be allowed to work in canada , whereas he is as qualified , educated and skilled than canadian doctors . 
  what i said is only relevant about the people who had those high qualifications in syria , it 's not relevant for the majority of them who do n't have significant qualifications . 
  about the roadmap , it depends on the country and the type of field and job . 
  for example in france , a syrian doctor can have his qualifications recognized after some proceedings , and it 's not unusual to ask them to work as medical interns for a few years before becoming a `` real '' doctor . 
  ( you ca n't work as an asylum seeker though ) . 
  on the other hand , it is impossible for a qualified nurse coming from outside of the eu ( and a few countries like andorra and switzerland ) to have such recognition . 
  the main problem of qualified and educated migrants from syria , as it was for former soviet countries , is less about their qualities than about the recognition of their qualities . 
  for example , if syrian doctors are not well trained enough , this can be easily solved by admitting them as medical interns during a few years . 
  but it requires political will , and european medical orders dislike such competition . 
  the same thing can be said for architects , engineers etc. . . 
  the arrival of large numbers of migrants coming from the south in poland is unlikely , schengen or not . 
  the greek debt is n't in drachma , but in euros . 
  if they go back to the drachma and devaluate , the country wo n't be able to pay its debt either , because the debt will grow proportionally to the devaluation . 
  economically , france is very close to the uk , the main difference being that the pound is strong currently and unemployment is higher in france . 
  if the uk is rated aaa , it 's logical that france 's rating remains only slightly lower .
