  thus , unless a very significant share of the law 's subjects decide to not follow the law , making it unenforceable , the law simply works even if some people infringe the rules . 
  having such a significant share of people infringe on the law is such a rare event that it 's not a permanent risk undermining the rule of law at its core . 
  international law does n't have a coercive power enforcing it . 
  as it does n't have a coercive power enforcing it , it needs its subjects to voluntarily respect its rules . 
  that 's why it 's international law and not merely promises . 
  but if a single party decides to not follow the rules , then it 's not law anymore . 
  as having a single party not following the rules is enough to make it unenforceable , you 'll run into this problem all the time . 
   if you disobey , and even move have positive results , it might give other countries ideas to disobey as well . 
  exactly . 
  they 'll disobey as well . 
  how are you going to make an international union of 28 countries work if each of them is keen on disobeying the rules it agreed upon before when they feel like it ? 
  it simply ca n't work . 
  thus you wo n't have an european union anymore with such a high level of cooperation . 
  if you do n't play by the rules , there is no way that everybody will happily play by the new rules with you later , thus any new rules would be worthless . 
  hypothetically , they might play by the new rules with you later if you are powerful enough to force them to do so , but such hypothesis would n't look much like a peaceful cooperation between sovereign states though . 
  law is a mean to peacefully resolve conflicts and disputes . 
  if 28 countries are working together , there will necessarily be conflicts and disputes . 
  if a country refuses to play by the rules , then you ca n't peacefully resolve conflicts and disputes anymore . 
  thus , these 28 countries wo n't have the ability to work together as closely as before . 
  what 's even the point of negociating new rules while disobeying the current ones ? 
  even if you manage to reach an agreement on new rules , they will be worthless if you ca n't force the parties to follow them through law . 
  cameron 's demands were kind of tame in comparison to what m\u00e9lenchon is aking for . 
  at least , the british government adopted a very legalistic approach . 
  for example , they are still paying their agreed annual contribution toward the eu , and are still following scrupulously the treaties . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is explicitely saying that if he does n't get things going his way , france should stop paying its contribution on the spot , stop respecting the treaties and by the way , he also wo n't respect them even before the negociation 's beginning . 
  rough translation :  `` there 's no democratic choice against the european treaties . '', 
  by saying such , president of the european commission jean-claude juncker himself set the framework of the tyranny he 's exercising . 
  our programme is n't compatible with european treaties ' rules that impose budgetary austerity , free-market and the destruction of public services . 
  in order to apply our programme , we will have to break the treaties ' rules right after taking office , by enacting safeguard mesures aimed at protecting the french people 's sovereignty . 
   the populists are a problem , but only because the non-populists are stagnant careerists . 
  macron pledged that at least half of the candidates his movement will present for parliamentary election will be people that were neither candidate nor elected officials before , thus wo n't be careerists politicians . 
  for example : c\u00e9dric villani ( mathematician ) or jean-michel fauvergue ( former director of the french police 's commando ) . 
  also , even amongst those that are professional politicians , macron 's position allow him to separate the wheat from the chaff . 
  for example : he 'll keep jean-yves le drian ( appreciated and consensual socialist defense minister ) but wo n't keep manuel valls ( unpopular socialist prime minister ) . 
  but non-careerists politicians and a renewal of our political elite is n't the main thing m\u00e9lenchon 's supporters are looking for . 
  it would be especially strange considering that m\u00e9lenchon 's political career has been continuous since the 1970s . 
  what they are looking for is a non-racist protectionist alternative , and more social rights ( workers ' rights , earlier retirement etc. 
  which it probably is : a man with psychiatric disorders beated his neighbour and killed her . 
  unless there are political motives or unless the victim or the agressor are publicly known , it actually is `` local crime '' . 
  the agressor 's and the victim 's race does n't make it any different . 
   not that the older gentlemen with their nieces on the few other occupied tables seem to care . 
  germany never paid trillions in reparations after both world wars . 
  they actually paid 23bn marks after ww1 until 1931 ( equivalent to slightly less than 6bn dollars at the time , or something between 80 or a 100bn current dollars ) , and never paid significant reparations for ww1 since then . 
  after ww2 , germany paid a few billion dollars ( do n't remember how much , probably between 10 and 15 ) . 
  western powers took around 500 millions in goods ( mainly industrial tools ) until 1949 and then stopped . 
  the soviets took much more though but it 's hard to know how much . 
  the main economic asset paid by germany in reparations might have been patents , used notably by the us industry . 
  nevertheless , they never paid trillions in reparations . 
  according to historian and economist albrecht ritschl ( and it 's a consensual idea ) : `` germany was the biggest debt transgressor of the 20th century '' . 
  that 's also why they managed to rise again twice . 
  germany paying trillions to its victims is a myth . 
   my mother pays 70 $ for 300mb dsl , hundreds of tv channels what is 300mb dsl ? 
  are you talking about brandwidth ( 300mb/s down ) or a data cap of 300mb ? 
  i do n't think that it 's tied to deep cultural french roots . 
  on the contrary , france was the first country to experience demographic transition , and thus lacked a demographic boom during the 19th century due to early low fertility rate . 
  france had 29 millions inhabitants in 1800 , more than russia . 
  if france had experienced the same fertility rate as the uk , or norway , or most european countries , current french population would be around 175 millions instead of merely 65 . 
  since the last decades though , our fertility rate is slightly higher than most of europe . 
  our expensive family policies might have done something right , as it 's the most expensive one in the world after the uk , denmark and just before sweden . 
  benefits mostly kick in after the second child , not after the first one , which means that children have a low marginal cost ( hehe ) after the first one . 
  tax policy also helps families a lot over childless people . 
  there 's not much stigma for having kids in an unmarried household ( we have the highest rate of birth outside of marriage of any developped country ) , and there 's no pressure on mothers to force them to stay at home in the general population . 
  they still often have to balance their career with their children , but it 's not as clear-cut of a choice as having to chose between being a mother and having a career at all . 
  it 's probably several reasons interwinned but there 's no clear cut difference with other northern or western european countries though neither culturally nor politically . 
   in the end macron 's centrist positioning makes him the perfect first round candidate , and a pretty bad second round one . 
  in 2002 , le pen ( father ) was seen as a wannabe-mussolini or franco by 80 % of the population . 
  any candidate even slightly to his left from chirac to way further like jospin was sure to win with a score apt for a banana republic . 
  a guy like fillon , even with his corrupted reputation , or m\u00e9lenchon with his quasi-communist reputation according to right wing voters , would still have crushed le pen with a huge margin . 
  chirac won with 82 % . 
  every single left wing voter went out to block the road to the presidency to a fascist . 
  in 2017 , macron seems to be the only one with a decent margin against le pen . 
  many right wing voters now consider that le pen is n't that fascist after all , and a growing number of left wing voters do n't want to choose between what they see as `` ultra-liberalism '' and fascism . 
  but nonetheless , macron should still manage to get more than enough voters on both sides in second round , because of his centrist positioning . 
  a less centrist candidate like m\u00e9lenchon or fillon ca n't say as much , unlike in 2002 . 
  if there are 1,000,000 women in a country , and 15 % of them are immigrants with a fertility rate of 3 , they 'll theoretically have 450,000 children during their years between 15 and 49 years old , not each year . 
  they 'll give birth to around 13,000 children each year . 
  at the same time , the natives will give birth to 37,500 children each year . 
   the reason it 's poorly paid is because realistically anyone could do it . 
  anyone could do it , but not so many people could do it well . 
  likewise , anyone could learn to play piano , but not so many people could play piano so well that people are ready to pay to listen to them . 
  everyone knows the huge difference that there is between great and bad teachers . 
  the difference with primary school teacher comes from the fact that the government , which pays the teacher , does n't really care about the quality of their teaching skills . 
  the government just cares about having enough teachers , not spending too much and making sure that its teachers are not absolutely awful . 
  but if they are good , mediocre or simply bad , then it 's fine . 
  that 's why it 's low skilled : being a mediocre or bad teacher is low skilled , being a good teacher is n't . 
   the purpose of this low salary for teachers is that you are supposed to want this job because you love what you do and want to make a difference with the children . 
  the purpose is to reduce government spending . 
  by your logic , the best way to recruit strongly committed doctors and surgeons would be to give them a mediocre pay . 
  actually , the exact opposite is happening all around the world : as you want the best and most committed people to be doctors and surgeons , you ensure that they are very well paid . 
   the stereotypical capitalist boss that hires chidren to work in the coalmines to save cost , is he against all logic going to discriminate against women for some reason ? 
  obviously , the capitalist boss is ready to pay his workforce 20 % more in order to enjoy a sausage fest . 
  it 's kind of strange that nobody tried to employ a purely female workforce in order to undercut any competition until now . 
  even racist nba team owners in racially segregated america ended up drafting african american players when their competitors started to do so , tried to collude in order to block this crushing new competition and ultimately failed . 
  it was built between 1892 and 1894 . 
  it was n't even a radio tower , because radio towers did n't even exist at the time . 
  it used to be just a display of modernity . 
  i 'm sure the train will make us closer , unless it takes another century to finish it . 
  making the trip in 2 hours instead of 4 hours will change the relationship between both cities a lot . 
  it will be possible to go there in the morning , spend the day in italy doing business or drinking bicerin , and then be back at home at the end of the day . 
  the tgv changed widely the relationship between lyon and paris ( and the duration used to be around the same , went from around 4h to less than 2h ) .
