  de gaulle played a great role for france during wwii as he managed to save some of the country 's honour and make france one of the victors . 
  he could be seen by french people as kind of similar to churchill in this regard . 
  the difference is that de gaulle also played a significant role during the end of the 1950s and 1960s , establishing a new constitution and becoming president , acted as a benevolent monarch , took france out of a bloody war , made france a nuclear power and established new foundations for the country 's right . 
  churchill had an impressive legacy during wwii , but his time as prime minister during the 1950s was n't really memorable for the uk . 
  also , despite never equaling its prowess , de gaulle never had the blood churchill had on its hands , which means that his legacy is n't really tainted even to this day . 
  his opponents are usually merely opposed to his conservatism . 
  germany had a great statesman with konrad adenauer . 
  still , he led western germany during a time where the country had to keep a low profile , so there 's that . 
  also , germans had become warry of any kind of providential leader ( even if they have * mutti * now ) . 
  france loves its providential leaders . 
  de gaulle became the right 's role model , whereas mitterrand became the socialist party 's role model . 
  documents released in 1998 by the german chancellery called * dokumente zur deutschlandpolitik . 
  sonderedition aus der akten des bundeskanzleramted 1989/1990 * are a prime source , as it contains the german reports of meetings between mitterrand and kohl . 
  they are not exhaustive though , and the release and the sorting have been made in order to show a positive image of helmut kohl , during a difficult campaign . 
  according to them , mitterrand was n't very supportive of a german reunification like the us , but was n't opposed to it . 
  kohl also published his memoirs in which he describes his `` friend '' mitterrand as `` lacking a clear strategy '' regarding franco-german relationship , being under the influence of roland dumas , the french foreign minister . 
  according to kohl , mitterrand made the same bet as margaret thatcher , which was that gorbatchev would never accept a german reunification . 
  tilo schabert , a german historian , had access to the french presidential archives of this period . 
  he 's the main source you can read on the subject . 
  he published a book called * mitterrand and the german reunification : a secret history ( 1981-1995 ) * . 
  the french archives are more nuanced on the french position than the german archives say so . 
  in bonn in october 1982 and in bad-kreuznach in october 1984 , mitterrand said to kohl that a german reunification should be prepared , as he was imagining it happening `` before the end of the century '' . 
  kohl rejected mitterrand 's idea of an early reunification . 
  mitterrand 's main problem was that according to him , a reunified germany was n't going to be a bigger switzerland . 
  germany would become a natural power . 
  as germany is located between the western and the estern bloc , mitterrand feared them playing both the soviet union and the us , leaving france in an unconfortable place . 
  he also feared a reconciliation between the us and the soviet union , leaving european countries in the cold . 
  in both cases , he wanted germany to be closely tight within european institutions , becoming a power within this international construction . 
  he also wanted a strong europe . 
  in order to attach germany to european institutions , he tried to get them more involved in the european policy of defense , including a military space program . 
  in 1985 , germany did n't want to be more involved in said space program . 
  therefore , the french position shifted from defense and foreign policy toward the monetary union , while germany wanted to strenghen the political union before acting on a monetary union that was poorly seen by the german public . 
  france wanted germany 's agreement to a planned schedule for the conference that would launch the monetary union . 
  kohl kept delaying the scheduling of this conference , which was worrying the french president , as he wanted to prevent germany going its own way . 
  france wanted a sign that germany was n't going its own way with the reunification and remained strongly attached to europe , so germany compromised on scheduling the conference , which led to the euro . 
  mitterrand had mainly two conditions to the german reunification : * reunification had to be wanted by gdr * germany had to agree on the german-polish border , in order to prevent a modern german irredentism . 
  kohl made tradeoffs because he had to reassure their allies . 
  in the same way , kohl [ offered thatcher a secret access to his reunification plans ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/dec/30/helmut-kohl-margaret-thatcher-reunification-plans-national-archives-files ) . 
  thatcher was strongly opposed to the german reunification , but the british government quickly came to the conclusion that they would n't be able to prevent it , and therefore being nice to the germans was in their interest . 
  still , she was n't personnally a big fan of german reunification . 
  she said to mitterrand during a private breakfast on 2 june 1992 : `` germany is even more dangerous since the reunification . 
  it is rebuilding its empire ... 
  the nazis are now in the community , and you reunified them !, 
  `` masculinity '' and `` independence '' in foreign relationship are antithetical unless you are the big dog . 
  i 'm not flabbergasted by georgia 's or ukraine 's current state of masculinity and independence . 
  i did the math wrong because i stopped in 2029 instead of 2030 . 
  the average growth rate needed would be 3.7 % . 
  i 'm eager to see that . 
  according to this `` source '' , the uk will have a gdp of about $ 4.622 trillion by 2030 . 
  the uk would need to sustain above 4 % growth per year on average to achieve that . 
  a rate unheard of since the 1980s even as a short spike . 
  it 's obviously deluded . 
  money of course , but it only explains why their leaders are pro-russia . 
  their supporters are also fond of putin because of an admiration for strong leaders , hard power , a disgust for democratic behavior like discussion , rule of law and tradeoffs . 
  note how the eu embodies the exact opposite of this : no strong leader , soft power instead of hard power , trying to increase democratic behavior within itself , discussion , rule of law and tradeoffs at its core . 
  it conveniently happens that putin is also one of the eu 's biggest opponent . 
   her supporters and other idiots will claim that she is very much a gaullist . 
  they used to despise de gaulle because he did n't keep algeria french , calling him `` a traitor '' . 
  i 've even met some of them claiming that de gaulle 's behavior during wwii was a shameful betrayal , and that the vichy regime rightfully sentenced him to death in august 1940 . 
  nowadays , they might claim that marine le pen is a gaullist in order to work toward the fn 's normalization process . 
  florian philippot , fn 's number 2 , claims that he 's himself a gaullist . 
  at the same time , jean-marie le pen , the party 's founder , called him a `` socialo-gaullist '' , which was an insult in his mind . 
  people like st\u00e9phane ravier , another fn 's leader , mayor in marseille 's 7th arrondissement and senator called de gaulle `` a felon general '' a year ago . 
  this party is schizophrenic . 
  he 's just jealous of oliver kahn 's hair . 
  we wo n't receive the same treatment this side of the rhine for [ obvious reasons ] ( http://m.chinadaily.com.cn/en/img/attachement/jpg/site1/20160706/f8bc1269fd8318e6b6df28.jpg ) . 
  time for an anecdote . 
  i personally know a french history teacher that got hurt during a school trip in poland ( fell in a hole while visiting auschwitz ... ) . 
  she went to a polish hospital , where the doctor or surgeon wrote a letter explaining what he saw on x-ray for the french surgeon that would operate her after transportation . 
  she had broken her leg . 
  the polish doctor did n't speak english nor french . 
  so , he wrote the letter in latin . 
   i just wonder how those raw numbers will translate into combat effectiveness . 
  i think that the main problem is n't there . 
  our main problem is combat * willingness * of our respective governments . 
  true . 
  as a share of gdp , it 's decreasing , according to the [ same source ] ( https://www.kingsfund.org.uk/blog/2015/10/nhs-spending-squeezed-never ) as your link . 
  shares of gdp is the figure to look for in order to compare social policies and healthcare between countries . 
  this trend is n't aimed at spiting the eu . 
  it 's already going on since years , which is why this so-called `` threat '' seems believable . 
  the eu will just be used as an excuse to keep doing the same thing . 
  they already `` agreed '' on significant university fees and reduced spendings on nhs , among other shifts to their social policies . 
  schools becoming `` academies '' could be interpreted as a step toward privatization , at least to some extent . 
  at the same time , corporate tax rate has been steadily decreasing . 
  british people voted for the tories again . 
  the opposition seems weak despite this trend . 
   you do realise that cutting cooperation tax does not necessarily lead to reduced corporation tax receipts . 
  yes you get less from individual companies but you get more companies basing themselves in your country . 
  you are right , it does n't if your country is small enough . 
  hence why every single tax haven is either a small country or a microstate . 
  the uk is n't a small country nor a microstate . 
  the cost of nhs alone is often superior to the gdp of a typical tax haven ( 4 times bigger than panama 's gdp for example , more than a hundred times bigger than british virgin islands ' gdp ) or not that far from the gdp of a small country with low corporate tax like ireland . 
  cutting corporation tax in the uk wo n't lead to increased tax receipts . 
  you 'd need an impossibly huge amount of corporations relocating there to overcome the cut . 
  it will lead to lower tax receipts , and thus lower spendings , hence why philip hammond says that the uk is ready to shift its social system if needed . 
   there are productivity benefits i can believe that , but what about the problem where we all have the same amount of cash for the same buildings we want to rent . 
  the rent goes up , ca n't this be tested ? 
  if we still have to work in big cities despite universal income , then obviously this income will be swallowed by mortgages and renting . 
  in france we have a form of housing benefit aimed mainly at poor people ( not extremely poor , just below average ) that are renting . 
  for example , it can be about 170 $ for a student per month , or 220 $ for a poor worker .
