   vw gives work to more than a million people , the entire iberian and czech car industry relies on them . 
  it 's in all of europe 's interest to keep them going and keep them competitive . 
  this argument can work for any big company that has been breaking the rules , meaning that such rules are useless . 
   but europe in more interested to fight `` bad germans '' and willing to surrender a good chunk of our last economic domain in order to to it on the contrary , that 's the article 's point . 
  europe does n't seem to be really interested in fighting vw there . 
  you are right , which is also why this comparison with murder is far from being perfect . 
  i still think that our reaction is overblown though , like it is with plane crashes , because it is not only unavoidable but truly a tangible and terrifying event . 
  smokers are n't scared by the risk of dying from lung cancer before each cigarette ( smoking is avoidable , but lung cancer is n't when you are smoking ) , people are n't scared of being killed in a car accident when they get in a car ( which is also an unavoidable risk as a passenger ) , are not scared when they are taking a bath or when they breath polluted air as we all are . 
  but many are scared of taking a plane or going to an event or hollidays in france or belgium . 
  it 's like the example of explosive cigarettes : if cigarettes were n't causing any disease and deaths , but if terrorists replaced one in a million cigarette by an explosive cigarette that would kill the smoker , resulting in much less deaths by smoking than currently , much more people would be scared of smoking than currently . 
  at the same time , nobody knows how to deal with terrorism , but we are doing many things to deal with it : changing the legislation , invasion of privacy , huge spendings in intelligence , state of emergency , the army roaming the streets , countless political speeches about a `` war on terror '' and articles or talkshows , metal detectors before entering trains , security guards in malls , reinforcing the legislation on guns ... 
  many things that do n't achieve the expected results , but are still reinforced after each attack . 
  saint simon 's goal two centuries ago was about `` replacing the government of persons by the administration of things '' , and our society looks like a technocratic society under many aspects . 
  but in facts , at least in terms of security policy , we replaced the government of persons by the administration of feelings . 
  many people are becoming afraid of going to germany or belgium or france because of terrorism . 
  many are saying that they are afraid of taking the underground or going into crowded areas or decided to go to other places during the hollidays . 
  about 230 people died in france in 2015 and 2016 because of terrorism , 35 people died in belgium in 2016 and now less than 20 in germany . 
  in france for example , that means that 932 people have been murdered in 2015 ( 1.5 / 100k vs 5/100k in the us ) instead of the usual 800 . 
  every westerner is well aware of the 150 people that died in france because of terrorism last year and it has an impact on their decision making about tourism or their perception of violence in france . 
  nobody thinks of the 800 `` normal '' murders that happen every year , and people do n't think about the broader picture . 
  for germany , the impact is even more marginal as you noticed . 
  media coverage is the key . 
  in france , * liberation * ( french equivalent to * the guardian * ) entitled its article `` munich : myst\u00e8re autour du tueur , solitaire et amateur de jeux vid\u00e9o violents '' , which means `` munich : mystery surrounding the killer , lonely and fan of violent video games '' . 
  the article itself comes from the * afp * , but the newspaper voluntarily decided to use this title . 
   what will japan do or south korea if they see that the us shits on nato obligations . 
  maybe they will cozy up to china ? 
  or say : `` fuck it we 're neutral . 
  you can have your pacific expansion without us , trump '' . 
  or maybe south korea , japan and taiwan will get nukes themselves . 
  currently , they do n't try to get nuclear weapons because they trust their us ally which is for them a deterrence force . 
  if they ca n't , then they 'll need another form of deterrence . 
  according to [ spiri ] ( https://www.sipri.org/databases/milex ) you can add turkey and france to that list ( 2,1 % of gdp in 2015 ) . 
  still , those that are meeting the 2 % goal are n't doing so in order to please nato or the us or their allies . 
  greece spends that much because it 's afraid of turkey , estonia and poland do so because of russia , which is seen as a direct threat to them , turkey because of their risky neighbourhood and the continuous troubles in kurdish area , and france and britain do so to keep their power on the international scene . 
  even the us spend that much ( 3.3 % of their gdp ) because of their self-interest , not out of goodwill . 
  military spending in current times have nothing to do with knowing what the word alliance means ... 
  the fn also have arab and jewish members and just started a kind of a jewish subparty , which is why i 'd say that both parties are in the same position now regarding the jews . 
  more than a decade ago , the fn used to be openly antisemitic whereas ukip was n't . 
  marine le pen actively tries to change her party since then and they are pretty similar . 
  thus , it used to be a difference but is n't anymore , not because ukip became antisemitic but because fn became less antisemitic . 
  in the same way , fn used to openly dislike homosexuals . 
  now , their popularity is groing amongst homosexuals , and their number 2 is notoriously homosexual himself . 
  british newspapers tend to portray marine le pen as the big bad wolf , but as a matter of fact , the difference between the current fn and other far right parties accross europe like ukip or pvv is small . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's also unique in comparison to european parliaments that are completely submitted to the executive . 
  just wondering if modern intelligence would n't be able to overcome those checks and balance . 
  ( for example : senator or judge john doe wants to block the president 's overstepping ; sadly , it `` appears '' that john doe likes to watch child pornography on his iphone/computer ... ), 
  what will be the position of the echr and the european council ? 
  they tried to be modestly tough with russia during the war in chechnya , but finally decided to let go . 
  i do n't see how they could go on with business as usual with turkey now ... 
  america 's long democratic history is both a strengh and a weakness in such hypothetical situations , as it seems unbreakable but could also lead to apathy . 
  also , trump 's opponents ( in case of an overwhelming victory for tump ) are n't usually the most violent and politicized bunch : middle and upper-middle classes that would n't get violent , immigrants that would keep a low profile , women etc. 
  far left and unions are very limited there . 
  a dictator in the usa is n't that much unbelievable , even though a mere victory by trump or another populist candidate would n't be enough to transform the country . 
  what 's the problem with the spiegel ? 
  it looks like one of the best news outlet in europe or even in the world . 
  they talked about cologne 's attacks and refugee 's shelter sexual assault problem . 
  ( i 'm not trying to be witty , just genuinely asking . ), 
  you are right . 
  that 's the main problem with our solutions to the current situation : we try with great difficulties to put something up to cope with the downfall of syria , which has less than 20 millions inhabitants or far away afghanistan . 
  we would be totally unprepared for the downfall of any major african state like nigeria or egypt ( or even turkey right next to us ) . 
  that 's why our immigration and refugee policy is unsustainable . 
  if only latin america spoke german instead of spanish or portuguese !, 
  also , germany seems to be trying to get as much as possible from the sweet current and gigantic surplus from the trade balance to deal with their aging population . 
  in comparison to a country like italy which is in a similar situation , germany will be fine even without too much immigration . 
  both are nationalists and share similar opinions about the european union , the european court of human rights or foreigners . 
  both are also on the far right of their respective countries ' political spectrum , which are quite similar to begin with . 
  also , their electorates are sociologically the same . 
  the difference is that marine le pen often looks economically left wing though whereas farage , a former trader , is n't left wing at all about economics . 
  jean-marie le pen , marine 's father and founder of the party , was much closer to farage about economics . 
  also , historically , the front national used to openly criticize the jews . 
  nowadays , both parites ( ukip and front national ) do n't dislike the jews openly , even if they probably do in private . 
  overall , farage does n't wa n't to be assimilated to marine le pen , but they are pretty similar and fit the same niche . 
  metropolitan france was almost 100 % white before the 1960s so interracial marriage did n't really existed even as a taboo . 
  in the colonies it was not well accepted . 
  natives had even less rights than blacks in the us before the civil rights movement and were often seen as sub-humans . 
  the colonies were strongly segregated . 
  the war in algeria resulted in 400 000 deaths and ended in 1962 . 
  still , those marriages still happened even if uncommonly and were a way for the native partner to get french citizenship . 
  overall , probably similar in the french colonies to the us with african-americans , and inexistent in metropolitan france . 
  when it became a thing in france during the 1970s and 1980s with the new immigrants , society already changed . 
  i have no idea to be honest and i do n't know any study about friendship between french arabs and other frenchmen . 
  but there is an interesting study about mixed marriages that was published by ined ( national institute of demographic studies ) in 2013 called `` meeting his partner in a multicultural and international space '' ( [ in french only sadly ] ( http://www.saphirnews.com/attachment/420674/ ) ) . 
  according to this study , about 40 % of frenchmen with algerian , moroccan or tunisian parents that are in couple have a partner from the majority population ( is : typical white french person ) . 
  this is slightly more common for men than women . 
  this is more common than marriages between african-americans and other races in the us which are about [ 19 % ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/06/12/interracial-marriage-who-is-marrying-out/ ) . 
  there is less spatial segregation between arabs in france and the rest of the population than between african americans and the rest of the us population . 
  obviously , comparison with chechnya and russia or palestinia and israel are pointless . 
  there 's not even a city with a french arab population equivalent to the african american population in baltimore , thus there 's nothing equivalent to grozny or gaza . 
  it 's hard to find datas about this as it 's restricted in france but there is an important muslim minority in nice . 
  it 's true that notoriously a part of the town is upper class , with a lot of wealthy retired people . 
  but the city itself is quite big and has also a significant muslim minority with several mosques , albeit smaller than toulon or marseille . 
  i do n't see the point of importing millions of uneducated people in a country that already has millions of uneducated unemployed people , regardless of their religion . 
  but that 's a marginal point anyway about islamic terrorism as there are already 6 millions muslims in france , most of them being french , which is why our country is more victim of current islamic terrorism than other european countries . 
  yes as it 's a tolerance founded on wishful ignorance . 
  i just used the term because miskimoon used it in the comment i replied to . 
   so you 're saying where there 's more muslims it 's more dangerous ? 
  do you really wan na go that route ? 
  i 'm saying that obviously authors of islamic terror attacks are muslims . 
  if you want to compare the share of people that went to syria in order to join isis from a specific region , you have to take into account the muslim population of said region , not the population as a whole .
