  if you can do it , just do it , you wo n't have any regret . 
  you 'll find out how ridiculously amazing the rest of the continent is . 
  that being said , currently , interrail passes cost about a third or a fourth of the overall price of such a trip . 
  making it free would without a doubt cost a lot to the eu , but it 's not given that many more teenagers would be able to afford it . 
  that 's his only important stance `` against '' women . 
  i do n't think that any pope has really been `` anti-women '' , that would be ridiculous . 
  they are just usually more or less conservative on this issue . 
  benedict xvi was slightly less conservative concerning women . 
  he 's more opposed to giving a greater place to women in the clergy than his predecessor . 
  the italian situation is relevant because there 's the same trend going on across the border , despite the catholic church being weaker than in italy . 
  the same `` debate '' is actually bound to happen in every catholic country , with the same `` arguments '' repeated ad nauseam , with more or less strengh . 
  just look at the difference between gdp growth and gdp per capita growth during the last years , it 's roughly 0.7 % . 
  you can check it with the [ world bank data ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.kd.zg?locations=gb ) for example . 
  keep in mind that about 0.7 % of growth each year in the uk is caused by population growth ( notably immigration ) . 
  a gdp growth of 1.8 % actually means a gdp per capita growth of 1.1 % . 
  it 's better than the rest of g7 , but it 's not that great overall . 
  5 armed men disguised as policemen able to handcuff their target 's bodyguard and stealing jewelry worth 10 millions euros in a private residence has nothing to do with street criminality . 
  why would they need this money in cash though ? 
   german gov bailouts deutche , german gov goes bankrupt ( potentially ) , german gov asks troika/imf for help ( potentially ) . 
  since the troika is essentially germany , it 's basically the imf . ) . 
  i do n't understand how the german government would go bankrupt by bailing out deutsche . 
  even if the bailout amounts to 1 trillion dollars ( which is far superior than the real cost ) they would n't be bankrupt . 
  there would be huge medium or long term consequences , but why would they go bankrupt ? 
  they 'd still have less debt than italy for example ( regarding their respective gdp ) . 
  thanks for the details . 
  still , finland has conscription for all adult males . 
  you could have a longer conscription , but honestly you ca n't do much more outside of this , and your system is a good tradeoff ( you could spend more on weapons but that 's another debate ) . 
  my point was that , as you said , a fully committed conscription system can be good . 
  finland is n't fully committed but it 's still decent ( i 've found out it was about 27 000 conscripts per year ) . 
  the swedish system described here is half-baked though ( 4000 people of both sexes in a country that has 80 % more inhabitants than finland ) . 
  france used to have an half-baked conscription system during the last decades ( it was for everyone but the duration was short ) , which was inferior to professional troops . 
  sweden should be fully committed to it , at least like finland , or not at all . 
  exactly . 
  funnily enough , the most vocal people advocating for it would also consider stuff like laogai in china and similar communist initiatives the worst thing ever ( like [ mr. ciotti ] ( http://www.marianne.net/sites/default/files/11857-100245749.jpg ) , a politician that avoided conscription himself ) . 
  i do n't know if other countries like germany , the uk or italy have similar debates though . 
  israeli conscription lasts 3 years . 
  that 's why their conscripts are on par with many professional soldiers accross the world that would usually have a contract of a few years . 
  but you wo n't get the same soldiers as israeli conscripts if you enlist people for 6 to 12 months . 
  in this case , your soldiers are necessarily inferior to professional soldiers . 
  also , even with conscription , kuwait or panama would have been beaten in a few days too . 
  it 's not just because of self interest even if it is at play , but also because perspective and values are different in different generations . 
  old people were more often proud of working , even a lot and including jobs they did n't like . 
  it 's not rare for them to be proud of having the `` medal of honour of work '' ( * m\u00e9daille d'honneur du travail * , which is a medal that can be gifted to any employee after a certain number of years ) , or `` academics palms '' ( a medal for teachers ) etc. 
  young people do n't care at all about this because working is n't a good thing in itself one can be proud of , the good thing to pursue is doing a meaningful job . 
  older people also have rose tinted glasses while looking at the past and tend to attribute this supposedly better situation to harder work , conscription ( as it is seen as a way to learn many ethical values that are lacking among the young boys today in their opinion ) and different set of values . 
  on the other hand , of course , young people are n't going to think that they need to learn other values that they currently do n't have . 
  also , the reality of being a conscript in peace time is n't exactly a meaningful job . 
  it 's funny to see that here , the debate about conscription is n't even about defence policy . 
   i imagine that it feels more like an honour and a privilege to serve your country , not an imposition . 
  that 's the kind of stuff that will warm your heart when you 'll be cleaning the toilets with a toothbrush . 
   the global financial centers index measures cities based on their attractiveness to financial services professionals , according to two inputs : statistical data and a poll of finance professionals . 
  so , in the top 20 , there are 3 canadian cities and 3 cities for mainland europe ( 4 with london for europe as a whole , only 2 for the eu after brexit ) , whereas canada has a slightly smaller financial sector than the italian financial sector . 
  well , the actual size of the financial activity must not matter that much in this index . 
  then , there 's casablanca ranked 30th , just behind paris . 
  since 2010 , more than 30 % of the moroccan population has a bank account there and the economy , albeit smaller than a fifth of belgium 's economy , is growing well . 
  a chief accountant or a trader have an average gross wage of about 20 000 $ per year in casablanca . 
  sure it 's probably the best place to work in finance in africa . 
  but how can that be more attractive to bankers than dublin , amsterdam , stockholm , vienna or milan ? 
  imperialism is n't necessarily formal . 
  the war in iraq was just informal imperialism , but you can call that `` hegemon '' if you want , which would be wise because it states things more clearly especially if you define the terms . 
  david harvey or chomsky would prefer the former term and michael walzer would prefer the latter . 
  but if you want to go with semantics , the war in iraq was n't a `` police action '' . 
  it was an invasion . 
   f.e. 
  france and germany want to deploy troops in africa , poland says `` no unless we get xyz '' you make a very good point there . 
  an eu army may only work if it is purely defensive . 
  there could be an eu treaty that triggers the deployment of eu troops automatically if a state member is attacked , without having to refer to each government 's decision . 
  obviously , the real threat is russia , not peace in mali . 
  of course , such an army would n't be able to deploy troops in imperialistic operations like the us did in iraq or france did in half of africa . 
  but honestly , germany seems to be doing fine without those kinds of operations during the last decades . 
  japan too . 
  i do n't think that in 20 or 30 years , the eu would need to be involved in such kinds of operations . 
  the british electorate is n't the us mouthpiece . 
  the british government is . 
  the british government trapped itself with the referendum , but nevertheless tried to remain in the eu . 
  in the same way , the british electorate did n't want to invade iraq . 
  the british government nevertheless did . 
   addenum : other example for that distrust of the uk ( as a bridgehead for us influence in europe ) - de gaulle 's multiple refusal for the uk to join the ec in the 1960s . 
  same reason ... 
  he was also bothered by the fact that the uk would n't really commit in the european construction but would undermine and limit this construction . 
  50 years later , we can say that he was n't wrong . 
   the tax laws are antiquated and the authorities acknowledge that about 50 % of work is done `` travail au noir '' . 
  there are many problems in france and undeclared work is one of them , but absolutely not on that scale . 
  according to [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/europe2020/pdf/themes/07_shadow_economy.pdf ) ( cf. 
  annex table 1 , page 6 ) , shadow economy is about 10.8 % of gdp in france , and undeclared work between 4 and 6.5 % . 
  this is significant , but well below eu average and also below germany . 
  in theory and legally yes . 
  in practice though , that 's very rare and difficult . 
  most middle schools and high schools wo n't let you take 2 foreign languages that are not english . 
  many schools do n't even propose more than 2 languages , systematically including english . 
  i checked the [ stats there ] ( http://cache.media.education.gouv.fr/file/2016/01/6/depp-rers-2016-4.16-etude-langues-vivantes-second-degre_624016.xls ) : out of 808 728 students in * troisi\u00e8me * ( last year of middle school ) that were studying foreign languages , 421 did n't picked english as either first or second foreign language . 
  also , 459 were n't studying any foreign language at all . 
  it 's mandatory in secondary education . 
  one of the two languages has to be english . 
  obviously , many do n't learn much in those courses . 
   so , the asylum seeker parents want something from the greeks that their own society did not provide to them and therefore they can not pass onto their own children . 
  i still do n't see why this is a greek responsibility . 
  it 's mainly a moral duty . 
  greece is party to the * convention on the rights of the child * ( as everyone but the usa ) , which is n't legally binding but is kind of morally binding . 
  according to article 28 , the states ( including greece ) recognize that children have a right to get at least a primary education .
