hillary clinton was hated because of blatant misinformation and a disregard for facts on the right side of the aisle . 
  hillary clinton was above and beyond in qualifications . 
  i thoroughly disagree with you, 
  here 's a quote from / u/ninemiletree 's recently 5-time guilded comment & gt ; not one argument with a republican about trump 's policies goes by without me seeing a counter-argument mentioning clinton . 
  the point is that it does n't matter . 
  and i do n't agree with you . 
  clinton was n't a great or even a good choice , but she was the right choice . 
  a vote for trump is the most irrational thing i can imagine https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5zkonk/comment/deyvabe?st=j0bnr1gz&amp;sh=f76e239f, 
   says the guy who brings up hillary clinton, 
  i 'll have you know my father is swedish , mother honduran , and i 've lived in 7 different countries . 
  my dad has a doctorate 's in geography and i love it . 
  still never heard of belgica . 
  but yes , we spend way too much money on the military and way too little money on public education . 
  edit : haha you 're belgian i just looked it up . 
  your comments are still inflammatory though and i do n't like you, 
  irrelevant . 
  the election is over . 
  trump is president and he 's still incompetent . 
  hillary has nothing to do with it anymore , stop being a cunt and help us deal with the present . 
  i apologize , i 'm dyslexic . 
  i swore paul ryan was r-mi 1st district , not r-wi, 
  go away , no one even knows what `` belgica '' is, 
  nnnnnice, 
  difference is that trump is still president but it is helpful to think of germany 's reputation today despite that stain on their history . 
  hopefully the united states will recover in a similar fashion, 
  i grew up in miami , so i did n't grow up with public transport . 
  the systems in malm\u00f6 and k\u00f8benhavn are the only systems i 'm familiar with and i consider them `` normal . '', 
  hopefully that explains my viewpoint towards the subject, 
  unless the gop grows some balls and stands up for itself before it collapses, 
  oh , but the same idea exists in malm\u00f6 . 
  the gogo card was set up that city center was a zone and you get another zone free ; i was living in bunkeflostrand , so that was my other zone , along with hyllie . 
  the copenhagen metro has a similar system where you could get a prepaid day pass for many different zones , which is fine if you know where you 're going . 
  i think it 's a great way to keep track of how much commuters should pay . 
  i take no issue with the zone system . 
  why ? 
  do you disapprove ? 
  if trump wins the reelection , americans wo n't stand for it , especially all those who were betrayed by trump in this term so far . 
  there will be a civil war between those that respect american values and those that support trump . 
  if trump 's base turns on him , there would be an uprising , but no civil war . 
  riots and protests would lead to an impeachment process . 
  i fail to see how his base would trigger a civil war if they came to agree with everybody else . 
  no , you have to go to purgatory for giving us paul ryan edit : paul ryan represents wisconsin . 
  i am literally dyslexic and confused mi for wi . 
  go off to join sweden merrily, 
  w. . . what, 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not offended at all . 
  i understand that foreigners ca n't do anything about it but joke . 
  and i personally love colbert , i 've been watching him since the daily show ( tears , jon stewart ) , especially now that colbert is so aggressive towards donald trump . 
  laugh while you can guys , just know your jokes are lame and you 're on the receiving end of nukes . 
  okay that was a little macabre . 
  your jokes are still lame because they 're old and overused , though . 
  they 're stuck in the pre-election era of trumpfoolery , make more jokes about current foolishness at the very least . 
  and because i 'm american and a voting citizen , i do have a small part to play in this political process , rather than standing idly by and watching from across the ocean towards a country which only appears to you through media . 
  if trump makes it through his first term , his base will already have turned on him . 
  the jobless americans will be even more jobless and without healthcare . 
  there will be a civil war before donald trump wins another election, 
  do n't tell anybody but i 'm hoping it 'll be a couple months until impeachment . 
  let 's go south korea , teach us your way !, 
  i have indeed seen it . 
  i 'm indifferent towards the video . 
  i think people are taking it out of proportion . 
  just because we have a celebrity president we still should n't be worrying about celebrity news . 
  it does reflect that there is a wide disapproval of our president , however . 
  there are many allegations that donald trump was assassinated in snoop dogg 's music video . 
  these are false , snoop dogg fires a prop gun , to follow the theme of donald trump being a clown , and trump remains chained up and alive afterwards , unscathed . 
  you 're right buddy !, 
  i applied to uc davis for the second year and i got my admission this time , moving to california this year , i 'm really excited !, 
  i know :-), 
  i will admit copenhagen is one of the coolest cities i 've been in , i do love it and the public transport is amazing, 
  well they were studying with me in college , not holidaying . 
  but yes , pretty much :-) i 'm not sure by the way if you interpret semester as vacation or period of study . 
  in american it 's studying , in swedish it 's vacation . 
  leads to lots of confusion when i 'm speaking swenglish, 
  he 's a threat to our country , also because he is a threat to other countries who may have to retaliate . 
  but as a sk\u00e5nsk kille i have to declare that danskj\u00e4vlarna deserve it . 
  ( jk but sweden 's still better ), 
  well when i told hitler jokes to my german roommate he always found them particularly distasteful , regardless of the intensity of the joke . 
  the same went for pretty much every other german i tried to amuse during my semester in sweden . 
  the feeling is reciprocated now as i 'm only ashamed and disgusted by donald trump as the president of the united states . 
  oh alright that seems a lot more reasonable . 
  i figured there was some sort of electoral college secret rule where electoral voters can change the winner if they deem the current winning candidate unfit for office . 
  i suppose that 's true . 
  however , as an american i will always hear a lot more trump jokes than europeans . 
  it was n't that funny to begin with either way , to be fair . 
  he is a complete moron , a disgrace , a clown , and a threat to our country . 
  it 's depressing to wake up in trump 's america , knowing that every passing day will only grow worse in the gop controlled government . 
  but at least they increased nasa funding and are aiming for mars !, 
  why save this planet when we can conquer another one ?!, 
  capitalism ftw, 
  that 's ... odd . 
  what 's the reasoning behind this ? 
  so in the american election for contrast , it would be like voting for all the different republicans , and for the sake of argument the republican party would be awarded 50 % of seats in senate , or 50 seats . 
  the republican party would then give those 50 seats to random politicians in the republican party , regardless of who was voted for during the election ? 
  so , if donald trump , marco rubio , ted cruz , john kasich all ran for congress and the republican party gets 2 seats . 
  trump gets 45 % of votes , rubio gets 30 % , cruz gets 15 % , and kasich gets 10 % . 
  any 2 of these 4 running candidates ( for ** senate ** ) could be awarded a seat ? 
  such as rubio and kasich ? 
  pollster : hello , sir . 
  i 'm with the gallup poll .
