  would n't such a state of emergency be unconstitutional under germany 's post-war constitution ? 
   as soon as the terrorist threat will decrease , i guess that 's an extremely vague condition that ca n't actually be met . 
  france 's problems with terrorism wo n't be solved in a couple of months , these issues will last for decades . 
  france needs to accept this and deal with unrest in lawful and democratic ways . 
  they should take a look at france instead . 
   if this mass migration keeps up , our asylum laws will change under the pressure of reality . 
  the sooner the better . 
  so let 's send everyone to germany !, 
   the threat is that turkey will dump tens of thousands of souls along this border , who will then desperately try to cross . 
  a fence ca n't stop them - nothing sort of shooting them in cold blood will . 
  migrants tried to force the hungarian fence too but they gave up . 
  riot control is not terribly difficult and can be done without shooting people . 
  i see this as an attempt by our ex-communist party to modernize by copying bad ideas from the western left . 
  i hope it does n't pass but it 's possible that it will . 
  investigations should happen without a state of emergency . 
  if the number of arrests and searches increased it is likely because of laxer standards . 
  this is wrong . 
  democracies should strive for the highest standard of fair trials and due process . 
  this state of emergency should not have extended more than a few days after the attacks . 
  when does france plan to end this ? 
  russia finally found a way for western audiences to swallow it 's propaganda : blame turkey !, 
  it 's much easier to slander a country your targets already have a poor opinion of . 
  great job bulgaria !, 
  what 's you secret ? 
  they 'll be told to go fuck themselves , together . 
  why would n't he ? 
  germany is just going to take everybody in anyway . 
  this is what they deserve for not standing up for themselves . 
  fuck them !, 
   my understanding is that member states will be bound to a european constitution but self-determination means you are not bound by any external rules . 
   but the constitutional assembly can not overrule democratic decisions made by member states unless they contradict the constitution . 
  that 's the same as giving each member a veto . 
  i think this would actually be pretty nice and sort of describes how the eu functioned before the lisbon treaty . 
  but institutions which only function by unanimity and consensus are quite distinct from democracies . 
  for example what if germany refuses to provide funding unless greece continues austerity ? 
  this plan does n't fix anything . 
   within 12 months : the discretionary powers of european institutions must be limited , and sovereignty must be returned to national and regional european governments . 
  cool  within two years : transform europe into an authentic democracy which shares power with national parliaments , regional assemblies and municipal councils , but also respects the national self-determination of its member states . 
  this is self-contradictory . 
  eu-wide democracy and national self-determination can not coexist . 
  self-determination means that member states can choose to ignore decisions taken by the eu , even when that decision is taken democratically among the combined voters . 
  this is brought to you from the same people that promised an `` end to austerity '' and `` remaining in the euro '' at the same time . 
  some things ca n't be delivered . 
   isolation does n't work independent democracies can interact with each other peacefully and make mutually advantageous deals . 
   willingness to complain about this . 
  yes , obviously . 
  my point is that differences in the attitudes of the people polled dominate the results to such a point that you ca n't draw any conclusions about the actual question asked . 
  for example you ca n't use this to somehow `` prove '' that sexual harassment is more prevalent in the netherlands compared to romania . 
  fuck off imperialist scum, 
   i like how everybody is talking about the eu as if its some outside invader . 
  it is you . 
  you are the eu . 
  not really . 
  the eu parliament does n't make any important decisions . 
  resettlement quotas were voted on and my government opposed them but got outvoted by the rest of the eu . 
  democracy requires a willingness to accept being outvoted , but on an eu-wide level this would require accepting being outvoted by germans . 
  i think democracy on a smaller level works better . 
  romania is independent . 
  this study measures `` willingness to complain '' more than anything else . 
  the claim that `` bigger countries '' are better is extremely dubious . 
  a lot of people in scotland and catalonia certainly believe they would be better off outside the uk or spain . 
  a bigger entity needs to provide some sort of benefit for membership or otherwise be willing to hold on to it 's constituents by force . 
  the eu is doing rather badly . 
   there has never been so much freedom and prosperity in our region . 
  it makes me sad how we take the eu for granted . 
  this is true also of east asia and to some extent south america . 
  it is not at all clear that * political union * is a primary factor or even at all useful . 
  it certainly did n't help greece . 
   central europeans will probably go for an opt-out from justice and home affairs issues of the kind denmark or the u.k. have i do n't think that 's easily available . 
  denmark and the uk negotiated opt-outs in advance and i expect massive resistance if some eastern country demands something similar . 
   my god some people . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure the syrians will be more grateful . 
  it would be interesting to see eu-wide polls on this issue . 
  i expect to see absolutely massive geographic differences . 
  fuck your cake, 
  resettlement was not a suggestion , it was a demand . 
   second of all , whether something is `` generosity '' or not is a matter of purely subjective perception . 
  i do n't know what makes turkey a global trend-setter when it comes to treatment of asylum seekers . 
  my point is merely that what germany offers is vastly better than what turkey offers and this is causes people to move . 
  if germany wants to do better that 's fine but it should accept that this it what causes millions to move . 
  what the fuck is up with those labels ? 
  just use percentage ranges . 
  neither putin nor assad care even a little bit about merkel 's ` outrage ' . 
  she 's not going to do anything about it except deal with the fallout . 
  germany 's border is with austria , far far away from where i live . 
  germany should have to deal with the consequences of it 's poor decisions , even if they were based in generosity . 
  just like how greece discovered it could n't pay for it 's own public spending . 
  the push factor from turkey should n't be that strong . 
  the reason people risk their lives crossing into greece and breaking multiple border is because germany offers them a much better life . 
  let them go until germany has enough . 
   no one 's been giving any of that at all . 
  i 'm not sure about some pocket money for personal use ( though i doubt it ) , but free houses and citizenship ? 
  where do you get that from ? 
  the details do n't particularly matter . 
  as long as asylum in germany is vastly better than camps in turkey people will keep trying to move . 
  they are apparently willing to risk their lives and cross half of europe for it . 
  the problem here is that germany is not willing to put proper limits to it 's generosity and is asking others to restrict the flow instead . 
  i think this will only be solved with policy change in germany . 
  i think it 's wrong to even pretend this is an eu problem . 
  it 's mostly a german problem .
