   berlin finds itself surrounded by anti-austerity governments in the south -- greece , spain , portugal , italy -- and anti-refugee governments in the east . 
  while the south challenges berlin 's financial policies and rules , central europeans are challenging its model of the open society . 
  people want to run their own countries after their own rules ? 
  how tragic . 
   or is that just the knee-jerk insult we 're using for right wing politicians now ? 
  using `` fascist '' as a generic insult against the right has a very old tradition . 
  the berlin wall 's official name translates as `` anti-fascist protection rampart '' . 
   one thing should be clear to every member of the eu : no country can shoulder the burden of the refugee crisis alone . 
  we need to come to terms with our mistakes -- and learn from them . 
  if we do , the refugee crisis could be a chance to revitalize the union . 
  i think the biggest problem right now is that germany offers full resettlement without any sort of numerical limit . 
  as long as this policy stands efforts to secure the borders will end up just redirecting the flow . 
  this is what happened with hungary . 
  offering `` solidarity '' in the form of a eu-wide resettlement scheme will just prolong this situation . 
  we should instead refuse and make as much as full flow makes it 's way to germany as possible . 
  let 's them welcome refugees until they choke on it . 
  after germany ( and other less important countries ) admit their limits it will be possible to discuss some eu-wide strategy to deal with this . 
   i mean we invaded a rock with almost no strategic value with less than 3000 people on it half the world away just because they identify as british . 
  are you talking about the falklands ? 
  that was a defensive war and it was during the time of thatcher , a prime minister which is demonized by most of the british left . 
  if corbyn and his palls get into power then it would make a lot of sense to question if the uk would still honor security commitments . 
  i do n't trust that they would . 
  it 's nice to see criticism of eu institutions from the left but i am not convinced that somehow `` more democracy '' is the cure . 
  in particular i do n't think that it would have resulted in a more desirable outcome for greece . 
  austerity was imposed on the greeks because the alternative was seen to be perpetual subsidies and this is extremely unpopular in germany . 
  if you somehow held a fully democratic referendum with the combined voters of greece and germany the outcome would have still been unfavorable to the greeks . 
  the same would have happened if you asked this at the level of the entire eu . 
  eastern europe is outside of the euro but mostly on the side of germany on this issue . 
  after all , why should we support continuous subsidies of a richer and more profligate country ? 
  even if you made a democratic decision involving only eurozone countries it 's likely that greece would have lost . 
  democracy is not magic pixie dust . 
  you ca n't just grab an arbitrary collection of people , give them a set of democratic laws and institutions and expect government to work well . 
  in order for it to work it requires some sort of sense of shared fate as well as the willingness to accept losing power and being governed by others temporarily . 
  this is very very difficult . 
  scotland barely remained in the uk after the last referendum . 
  the fundamental reason for this desire to separate is because scots do n't particularly want to be ruled from london . 
  an independent scotland would lean quite a bit to the left of the rest of england and govern itself differently . 
  the biggest problem for eurofederalism is this : if you can barely convince scots to accept being ruled from london how do you expect greeks and poles to accept being ruled from brussels or berlin ? 
  the political differences are much larger in the latter cases . 
  i think that even if you waved a magic wand and created a set of perfectly accountable and democratic euro-federalist institutions overnight it would still not work . 
  such a state would immediately be crippled by separatism . 
    merkel 's policy can be summarized as [ . . ] immigration without upper limit  that 's not true . 
  she only stated that germany will not give an arbitrary cutoff point for awarding people asylum . 
  wtf ? 
  an `` upper limit '' and `` cutoff point '' are the exact same concept . 
   merkel opened the doors to the refugees hungary did n't want because she accepted germany 's role as europe 's default liberal political hegemon -- redemption and moral superiority were not driving factors . 
  germany 's willingness to act as a temporary `` protection giver of last resort '' reflected its desire to avert a humanitarian disaster at the heart of the eu and buy the continent time to come up with a multilateral solution to the crisis . 
  this is an interesting idea but seems like a needlessly elaborate rationalization . 
  i think that merkel just saw that the german public was overwhelmingly in favor of accepting the migrants and this turned into policy . 
  public opinion has since shifted somewhat but her position is still extremely strong . 
  by world standards she is an extremely popular leader . 
  i do n't think that this will `` buy time '' for a multilateral solution . 
  we are farther away from a common policy than ever and i expect that people will continue to get more entrenched in their positions . 
  there is no obvious reason why anyone would change their mind in favor of accepting migrants . 
  if germany is happy to 1 million why ca n't it take all of them , however many there are ? 
  the worst that could happen is that germany itself will change it 's mind or perhaps start facing serious internal issues . 
  this would be perfectly fine . 
  from behind soft paywall :  deport british activists who tell migrants to attack police , calais mayor says  british members of the no borders group are encouraging migrants to attack police in the area , french police warn , amid fresh calls for the army to be deployed at the `` jungle '' camp  the head of the calais region and the town 's mayor have urged the french government to deport a gang of british anarchists who they say are encouraging migrants to attack police . 
   xavier bertrand , president of the nord-pas-de-calais-picardie region , said it was time to `` prevent the ` no borders ' agitators and provocateurs , who sometimes tell migrants to attack the riot police , from continuing to do harm . ''  those who can not benefit from asylum should be `` expelled from the country , '' mr bertrand said before talks with the french justice and interior ministers . 
  eu member-states may deport citizens of other eu countries in the interests of public security . 
   mr bertrand and the mayor of calais , natacha bouchart , also renewed their call for soldiers to be deployed in the area to control an estimated 4,000 migrants camped near the port , and another 2,500 in dunkirk , barely 20 miles away . 
   police sources say the number of british `` no borders '' activists in the calais area varies from only about a dozen to as many as 200 at any given time . 
  some activists are french or come from other european countries . 
   people walk in a makeshift camp known as `` the jungle '' in calaispeople walk in a makeshift camp known as `` the jungle '' in calais photo : afp  gilles debove , a calais police union spokesman , said about 200 mainly british `` no borders agitators '' were in the area when migrants stormed a ferry last month , reportedly at the urging of the activists . 
  `` they ( the activists ) come and help the migrants but they also manipulate them . 
  they should not be inciting migrants to break french law . 
  if they want to demonstrate , they should do it in england , '' mr debove told the telegraph . 
   `` we need a much stronger judicial response , '' mr bertrand told france info radio as he called for britain to assume more responsibility for policing the border . 
   border force officers are already stationed in calais , but mr bertrand warned that the french authorities could not continue to keep migrants out of britain . 
  `` they ( the british ) must act . 
  if not , we will have to go back on the le touquet agreements ( which authorise british border checks in northern france ) . 
  we 're managing the english border in calais , in that case we should give it back to them . ''  riot policemen patrol through the migrant camp of calais , known as `` the jungle '' riot policemen patrol through the migrant camp of calais , known as `` the jungle '' photo : afp  mrs bouchart is accompanying mr bertrand to talks in paris with the interior minister , bernard cazeneuve , and the justice minister , jean-jacques urvoas . 
   `` as i can not accept that part of the territory of my town is no longer under control , i am asking the interior minister to expel people who have nothing to do there and who incite migrants to act in this way , '' mrs bouchart said , referring to the january 23 storming of a p&o ferry in calais by migrants . 
   calais residents are increasingly exasperated by the migrants ' presence , which many say has crippled the local economy , deterred tourists and led some haulage companies to avoid the port . 
   `` tension in calais has reached an unacceptable level , '' said mrs bouchart . 
   mr cazeneuve , the interior minister , said `` all demonstrations likely to disturb public order '' will be banned in the calais area `` as long as the current atmosphere continues '' . 
   the announcement came ahead of a planned demonstration in calais this weekend by the anti-immigrant group pegida , which has organised rallies in germany . 
  pegida is an german acronym for patriotic europeans against the islamisation of the west . 
  pegida held at least one march in calais last year . 
   the storming of the p&o ferry `` spirit of britain '' followed a pro-migrants demonstration . 
   so , as a result , we are running into the situation where whatever decision you make must break on the backs of these people , and quite possibly result in thousands of lives being lost . 
  but if people cross borders `` seeking a better life '' all you have to do is to ensure they do n't get much of anything . 
  you certainly do n't need to kill them . 
  in fact if people stopped crossing with flimsy boats from turkey to greece many fewer lives would be lost . 
  you can create giant refugee camps with turkey-like conditions and they 'll eventually stop moving . 
  you can do it on a greek island or on the austrian-german border , the location does n't particularly matter . 
  what is lacking is german political will to stop this movement . 
  most countries can do little more than redirect the flow as long as germany rewards breaching borders . 
   by the way , eurosceptics are just as much `` defeatists '' as europhiles . 
  the main argument seems to be that we cant reform the eu ... so why bother ? 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  if germany and france want a different kind of union for themselves then why should the uk fight tooth and nail for it 's particular vision ? 
  would n't it better and more civilized to let them play at ever-closer union and have the uk deal with them through alternative means ? 
  a peaceful divorce is not a defeat . 
    we must help those who are in distress or being persecuted . 
  at the moment , however , we can not help those who are merely seeking a better life  i mean , pretty much everybody agrees with this . 
  i do n't think that 's true , there is a lot of disagreement about this . 
  it can be argued that almost everybody who leaves turkey is `` merely seeking a better life '' and that they should qualify for asylum only if they are persecuted * by turkey * . 
  quite a lot of people would oppose such an approach . 
   realistically , who would oppose you if you would break the international deals ?
