  yelled the boy . 
  ` you 're a thought-criminal !, 
  you 're a eurasian spy !, 
  i 'll shoot you , i 'll vaporize you , i 'll send you to the salt mines ! ', 
   suddenly they were both leaping round him , shouting ` traitor ! ', 
  and ` thought-criminal ! ', 
  the little girl imitating her brother in every movement . 
  it was somehow slightly frightening , like the gambolling of tiger cubs which will soon grow up into man-eaters . 
   ...  with those children , he thought , that wretched woman must lead a life of terror . 
  another year , two years , and they would be watching her night and day for symptoms of unorthodoxy . 
  nearly all children nowadays were horrible . 
  what was worst of all was that by means of such organizations as the spies they were systematically turned into ungovernable little savages , and yet this produced in them no tendency whatever to rebel against the discipline of the party . 
  on the contrary , they adored the party and everything connected with it . 
  the songs , the processions , the banners , the hiking , the drilling with dummy rifles , the yelling of slogans , the worship of big brother -- it was all a sort of glorious game to them . 
  all their ferocity was turned outwards , against the enemies of the state , against foreigners , traitors , saboteurs , thought-criminals . 
  it was almost normal for people over thirty to be frightened of their own children . 
  and with good reason , for hardly a week passed in which ` the times ' did not carry a paragraph describing how some eavesdropping little sneak -- ` child hero ' was the phrase generally used -- had overheard some compromising remark and denounced its parents to the thought police . 
  i like how the title and conclusion of this article match together . 
  italy and spain are at the top of the list in unemployment but at the same time are well known to have very large numbers of romanian migrants . 
  this is happening even though unemployment in romania is actually rather low . 
  something very fishy must be happening here , perhaps at both ends . 
  romanian migrants clearly have jobs or they would return . 
  since the spanish claim to be unable to find employment i suspect that many of those jobs are outside formal employment . 
  the spanish government should really deal with this . 
  after all they are both losing tax revenue and paying excessive benefits . 
  it 's also plausible that ro statistics are wrong or doctored but they ca n't be that far off from reality . 
   it 's eu fault !, 
  well , no . 
  but the uk was smart enough to avoid the euro . 
  what does it say about the eu when the countries with opt-outs are celebrating their decisions ? 
  america is different because it is a country of immigration . 
  the vast majority have ancestors which left their home countries in order to `` become americans '' . 
  this also applies to some extent to other former colonies . 
  this does not apply to europe . 
  some of the former colonizers in western europe attempted to change this and started accepting immigrants from their former colonies . 
  perhaps it is an attempt to atone for past sins ? 
  i think this experiment is not particularly successful . 
  the american constitutional tradition is also stronger than in that of most of europe . 
  your entire history is shorter and much more stable . 
  you never went through a violent coup or regime change or invasion . 
  even during the civil war most of the north was never under serious threat and you were able to [ hold elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_1864 ) . 
  the idea that we need to `` let go '' because you `` have a better way '' is spectacularly arrogant . 
  it 's a classic examples of americans not really understanding how the world outside their borders is very different . 
  sadly this idea is also common to a lot of eurofederalists . 
   i would rather live in a society that is dying than in one that , out of economic and demographic speculation , is being mixed together with foreign peoples and made young again  the reaction was swift . 
  the literary supplements of germany 's leading newspapers , the country 's forum for intellectual debate , flayed strau\u00df . 
  germany 's left has long associated any affinity for `` germanness '' with the ideology of the nazis . 
  the left-leaning die zeit called strau\u00df ' essay `` a document of madness , '' concluding that the respected author had `` destroyed himself . '' this is really quite insane . 
  most of the nations in europe are defined primarily by ethnicity and language . 
  apparently this makes us all `` nazis '' now . 
   across the political spectrum , politicians see it as the key to transforming germany 's notion of identity away from heredity and blood to one based on civic ideals . 
  this is absolutely insane and should be * completely rejected * . 
  what defines countries like germany and poland is being inhabited by german and polish people . 
  if you replace the germans with ( for example ) russians and poles and arabs then it 's not absolutely not germany anymore . 
  constitutions and civic ideals can and do change over time . 
  before 1989 most of the eastern countries embraced communism as the ideal but now mostly embrace the complete opposite . 
  those countries transitioned peacefully because they were fundamentally defined by nationhood rather then anything else . 
  we are now mostly committed to liberal capitalist democracy but that change . 
  there 's nothing even particularly special about the german basic law . 
  it 's a constitution like many others , just with a few special features intended to contain the totalitarian impulses of the past . 
  laws are just rules we defined in order to maintain order . 
  they change over time and different people can have wildly different ideas about what the law should be . 
  the idea that refugees can `` become german '' by `` accepting the basic law '' is really rather silly . 
  they come with their own value system and it 's wrong to even ask them to change it . 
   that is n't true at all , do you even consume german media ? 
  this is my impression based on what reaches the international press . 
  are you seriously defending `` lol you 're dumb and poor '' as a political statement ? 
   total collapse really ? 
  they ca n't end up much worse than poland . 
  maybe they 'll join up and go into space . 
  it 's amazing how `` lol you 're dumb and poor '' is now an acceptable retort , especially on the left . 
  merkel and quit a lot of the german media and political establishment have already decided that the way to deal with these peoples ' concern is to demonize them . 
  why should n't they wish merkel away to siberia ? 
  merkel entirely deserves the treatment she 's getting . 
  any government that puts the interest of foreigners above those of it 's own citizens deserves to be torn down . 
  fuck the eu commission . 
  hungary is a sovereign country enforcing it 's own laws . 
   those fleeing are the well off so how do you justify that from among the refugees you are only actually helping the ones that are better off ? 
  what the uk tory goverment is doing is funding camps in turkey in lebanon and only resettling a very limited number . 
  they are probably making more of a positive impact that countries like germany with their ostentatious virtue signalling . 
   that 's not very `` clear '' though ... 
  the drachma would have had no trust in it and therefore would not have been able to buy anything , it 's value would be negligible and the greeks would still have suffered ; maybe even more so . 
  the drachma would have devalued by something 20 % , nothing tragic . 
  for example romania 's currency took a [ big hit of 15-20 % in late 2008 ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=eurron%3dx+interactive# { `` range '' : `` 10y '' , `` allowchartstacking '' : true } ) but has remained stable ever since . 
  it was likely quite deliberate . 
  greeks ' savings would be worth less than they are now but unemployment would have been kept under control . 
  between inflation and mass unemployment the latter is far worse . 
  i think there is little hope that the euro will transition to a policy that works better for countries like greece . 
  germany considers that giving in on this is `` morally wrong '' . 
  recovery means going through a painful `` internal devaluation '' process like in countries like latvia . 
  a truly independent greece could have chosen other paths and would have successfully recovered by now . 
  do n't downvote this , it deserves to be more widely seen . 
  this is what quite a lot of people actually want . 
   i think most people would agree the eu leaders are currently doing a terrible job with just about every decision they 're confronted with . 
  `` despotism tempered by inefficiency '' , just like the previous [ german-dominated monstrosity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria-hungary ) . 
   so the people have voted to support the commission ( by electing persons who will support the commission ) and you 're upset that the democratically elected coalition is doing what they said they would ? 
  ummm , no ? 
  my concern is that the european parliament does not offer any sort of meaningful choice to the voters . 
  since all the major parties got together to support the juncker commission there is not much of an opposition that anyone can vote for . 
  for example in romania * all * major parties are aligned with either epp or s&d . in a normal election the way people vote determine the next goverment .
