  even so-called communist china subscribed to the capitalist part . 
  islamist theocracy is an alternative model but so far our elites do n't take it seriously because it presents almost no attraction to westerners . 
  this is extremely dangerous . 
  yes . 
  this wound is entirely well-deserved . 
  the `` marshall plan '' analogy breaks down because iraq and afganistan are not comparable to germany and japan . 
  the latter were extremely highly ordered societies and with a little collaboration of the previous elites a new order was built on different political principles . 
  in iraq de-ba ` athification ruined most of the institutions and afganistan was never particularly functional as a nation-state . 
  libya is similar : after the dictators were removed only chaos remained . 
   being in the eu but outside the euro and schengen is highly advantageous - and far better than anything that could be achieved by leaving and renegotiating . 
  recent events have confirmed that it was a good idea for the uk to opt-out of the eurozone , schengen and the common asylum system . 
  at the very least it would have dramatically reduced the freedom of the government to act and resulted in outcomes that the voters do n't want but ca n't affect . 
  but this is not an argument in favor of remaining inside the eu . 
  what if another crisis in the future is made worse by a different set of eu rules , ones that the uk does not have an opt-out from ? 
   i wonder if people are gon na be as sensitive about this as they were about `` censorship '' of immigrant crimes . 
  why do you watch shaky videos of people screaming ? 
  there is never anything useful in those . 
  as far as i know this subreddit bans them outright as `` low quality '' . 
  the internet is full of lies and this is the way it has always been . 
  the lies swing both ways , if you look hard enough you 'll also find plenty of islamist propaganda . 
  censorship is different from misinformation and propaganda . 
  it 's usually considered to be so much worse that it 's better to err on the side of too much freedom . 
  is it possible that cdu/spd will be voted out of the german government ? 
  is it possible that s&d / ppe/alse will be voted out of control of the european parliament ? 
  the problem is that outside parties are extremely weak . 
  this does not imply a lack of democracy . 
   this column takes a detailed look at the eu 's response to dealing with migration , concluding that everything points towards failure as the likely outcome . 
   the hardball politics and threats that proved extraordinarily effective in coercing member states into accepting domestic political conditionality in return for financial aid during the eurozone crisis are doomed to fail when it comes to migration . 
  this is the truth . 
  the problem is that member countries have extremely different ideas on how to deal with the problem . 
  this extends to opinion on the street : what is the majority opinion in one country can get you ostracized in another . 
  calls for a more `` united '' approach basically require one set of countries imposing it 's will on another . 
  this is more likely to break the union than gain cooperation . 
   europhobe seriously ? 
  there are several good quotes in this article . 
  it 's a more sober analysis than you usually find in guardian opinion pages :  either way the crisis is not going to end any time soon , in or out of the eu , or even the schengen area . 
  after several centuries when europe exported its surplus population -- the people its economic system could not then support -- to the rest of the world , the demographic boot is now firmly on the other foot . 
   no longer economic and militarily dominant as it was between the 17th and 20th centuries , europe , which had 25 % of the world 's population at its imperial peak of 1900 , now has about 7 % or 500 million to africa 's 1 billion and rising fast . 
   as i never tire of saying here , europe has become what may be the richest undefended empire in history , wholly dependent on american military power -- which is also in retreat for a similar mixture of reasons , though less dramatically so . 
   europe 's population is ageing and introverted , its political elite has lost its former confidence and , as costas lapavitsas writes in monday 's guardian , syriza 's young leaders easily had their bluff called . 
  as hamish mcrae once wittily put it , the eu 's a bit like bournemouth : elderly and relatively affluent , surrounded by people who are younger and poorer . 
   left , right and centre , from cameron to corbyn , farron to farage , almost everyone wants a quiet life , though they ca n't agree how best to get there . 
  in any case , if other people are more determined that we do n't get one , it wo n't matter what we decide unless we also acquire the will and means to impose our version of events . 
  basically we 're fucked : things are going to get much worse before they get any better . 
  it 's unlikely that any of the so-called `` solutions '' are going to help much . 
  best bet so far seems to be letting germany take the hit and stay out of the shitstorm . 
   greece will start defending its borders , like greeks have done successfully for many thousands of years . 
  is that supposed to be a joke ? 
  maybe france could give them some pointers ? 
   i do n't think that poland is opposed to the principle itself . 
  of coure they are `` opposed '' , in fact they are very much in favor . 
  but they 're also not particularly attached to it . 
  and why would that be wrong ? 
  * the migrants want to go to rich countries and some of them have explicitly invited them . 
  * the migrants would rather not come to eastern europe and they were not invited either . 
  i do n't see any positive aspect to the mandatory quota system . 
   i do n't know of one single country in the eu siding with the uk on that . 
  there has been talk of poland being [ willing to accept the uk 's request in exchange for support for nato bases ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-01-04/poland-could-back-eu-migrant-benefits-cuts-in-return-for-a-deal-on-nato-military-bases/ ) . 
  you might be overestimating just how much attachment people have to those so-called eu pillars . 
   you will see countries opting out exactly at the point where it stops being beneficial for them . 
  so you want a system in which countries can be forced to enact policies that do n't benefit them ? 
  how is that a good thing ? 
  the primary purpose of the eu is to build good relations between countries and to avoid conflicts . 
  this was accomplished in part by building a political system in which the member states are so deeply enmeshed that further cooperation is almost always the better solution . 
  this does not mean that eu institutions should be used as tools of coercion . 
  if that becomes the case then the project is failing at it 's most basic goal of ensuring peaceful coexistence . 
  it 's also just plain false to claim that `` there are no in-betweens '' . 
  for example the eu and schengen overlap to a great extent but are not identical . 
  this model should be extended to other areas . 
  for example if the uk wants to opt-out of freedom of movement in order to remain a member then it would be mutually beneficial to grant this request . 
  an edited translation ( because google translate for romanian sucks ) :  the european union should take into account the specificities of member states in the distribution problem of refugees , prime minister dacian ciolos , in an [ interview with the newspaper le monde ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/europe/article/2016/01/22/dacian-ciolos-premier-ministre-de-roumanie-la-question-des-migrants-ne-doit-pas-se-resumer-a-un-nombre-a-repartir_4852103_3214.html ) , stressing that relocating non-eu people on the basis of a mathematical formula `` is not a good solution . '', 
   `` romania agreed to participate in the plan for receiving immigrants . 
  however , there is a blockage regarding imposed quotas , which are rejected by many countries . 
  we are ready to take responsibility , depending on the capacity . 
  i so understand solidarity . 
  we must be hospitable and open , and realistic , otherwise it 's lack of responsibility . 
  romania does not have a tradition of receiving non-european immigrants like certain countries in western and southern european union do . 
  tolerance and solidarity are one thing , the ability to receive something else '' said dacian ciolos according to mediafax  `` the problem of immigrants should not be limited to a number to be divided . 
  immigrants must be able to integrate in the host country 's culture and society therefore , a binding mechanism linked to a mathematical formula is not a good solution '' , said ciolos . 
   `` we support the european commission 's idea of strengthening the european border agency ( frontex ) by creating a common body of border agents . 
  as long as we are not able to control migrant flows , it is difficult to move forward with discussions on a device for sharing immigrants in eu countries '' , said romanian prime minister . 
   asked whether romania would continue to join the schengen though space free movement is in danger , ciolos replied :  `` if we want to join schengen it is because we want to be members of a robust and functional system . 
  romania meets all the required criteria to join schengen but is still at the door . 
  we were imposed , as well as bulgaria , additional criteria relating to the administration of justice and the fight against corruption , the conditions did not exist for others . 
  we have done our homework in these areas . 
  to unlock things , a gradual accession to the schengen area can be a good thing , especially with borders at airports . 
  this would not weaken schengen space and in addition would be a recognition of the efforts made by romania . 
  regarding land borders , romania has shown that it knows how to secure them '' . 
  some context : dacian ciolos has been pm for a few months now romanian as a technocrat . 
  he used to be an eu commissioner . 
  am i the only one who thinks that such courses are extremely condescending and possibly even harmful ? 
  people love to criticize france for somehow failing to live up to it 's own standards of liberty . 
  but i do n't think this is due to any sort of conspiracy of the current government to turn their country into a more authoritarian direction . 
  they just ran out of other ideas . 
  it seems to me that today france has a major problem with domestic jihadism and that this is as a direct result of long-term immigration policy . 
  as a consequence france ( and several other countries in western europe ) will need to maintain an expanded internal security apparatus indefinitely . 
  almost nobody wants this but i do n't see how to avoid it . 
  schengen ( the removal of border controls ) is a political project and has minimal economic effects . 
  what is far more interesting is the effect of the euro . 
  the eu countries outside the euro are actually mostly doing rather well on unemployment and growth , better than the eurozone .
