  that 's complete bullshit . 
  10.1 % is actually still really really bad . 
  here 's an alternative better headline : ** eu nearing 5 years of unemployment over 10 % **, 
   not everyone is well informed about because if everyone that had all the information i had they would agree with me , right ? 
  but spain is not one of the more capitalist countries . 
  maybe it would fit better at / r/latestagesocialism ? 
   some people just do n't will to slave away their summers in precarious poppy-cock contracts . 
  maybe they should starve instead ? 
  or maybe spanish benefits are too generous and should be reformed to push people into work . 
  getting enough people believe that might be how you end up with 50 % youth unemployment . 
  another way that brexit might play into this is that the candidates might offer different visions on how to negotiate with britain post-exit . 
  some people have advocated a downright punitive approach against the english in order to discourage others who might attempt to leave . 
  is n't not clear if van der bellen holds this position . 
  i think that if he 's seen to support such a harsh position it would hurt him significantly . 
  i am also very surprised by this outcome . 
  in romania it is extremely common for elections to be marred by more serious accusations and there are never repeats . 
  when is it too much democracy ? 
  when we disagree with the outcome . 
  brenter or breenter ? 
  or maybe is it bre-enter ? 
  see , that 's why you lost , brexit is much snappier . 
  european politics have n't been this entertaining in a long time . 
  jeremy corbyn did lose a vote of confidence from mps earlier by a very large margin but it seems that party members would pick him again . 
  this is very entertaining . 
  i wonder how many of corbyn 's fans would agree that mps rather than voters should decide eu membership but at the same time they should not get to pick the leader of their own party . 
  is there any precedent for repeating an election due to procedural issues but no actually proven fraud ? 
  poor bankers , shafted by the working class . 
  you forgot poland . 
  actually estonia joined in 2011 , latvia in 2014 and lithuania in 2015 . 
  yet another index to measure compliance with leftist idiocy . 
   racists , go home !, 
  but even farage promised that the romanians currently in the uk will be allowed to stay . 
   in ancient athens , the large majority of public functions were assigned by lot . 
  in practice athenian democracy what a very messy affair . 
   renaissance states such as venice and florence worked on the same basis and experienced centuries of political stability . 
  those were quite explicitly oligarchic . 
  what the author really wants but is afraid to say is for elites to get around popular opinion and the idea of `` democracy '' merely to gain consent . 
  this would avoid granting any actual power to the people . 
  after all , what if they decide their interests are different ? 
   the issue there is that the secession happened without consent . 
  and the uk has not yet consented to scottish independence . 
  this is not `` sui generis '' at all . 
  spain is opposed to negotiating with scotland because spain is very opposed to separatism in general . 
  spain also refuses to recognize kosovo 's independence . 
  but it 's perfectly possible to have trade agreement without free movement . 
  tying the two is something that the eu does for political rather than economic reasons . 
  i think this is a matter of political will , and the eu 's will can be broken . 
  of course the refugee crisis had a major impact on brexit . 
  the eu and germany overreached in such a shocking manner that the british decided that any assurances that their opt-outs would be maintained ca n't be trusted . 
  for example it 's true that in theory turkey is far from joining the eu and the uk could formally veto it . 
  but a sequence of events leading turkey to become a full member would be less unexpected than what happened in 2015 . 
  for example maybe erdogan loses and merkel decides to reward the new government with full membership in order to cement it 's position . 
  i also think the refugee crisis fully determined the pis win in poland . 
  the [ polling graph ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/model_sonda%c5%bcy.png ) shows a massive drop in support for po late in the campaign . 
  the party of european socialists are not an opposition party at all , they are in an explicit grand coalition with epp and alde . 
  the ep has always been governed by a grand coallition . 
  at the latest ep elections in 2014 the epp and pes each put forth a `` spitzenkandidat '' : jean-claude juncker and martin schultz . 
  because the epp got more votes their candidate because president of the european commission while the pes candidate became president of the european parliament . 
  honestly this is a little like if putin and medvedev ran against each other in order to determine who becomes president and who becomes prime minister . 
  it superficially looks like a democracy but in practice all decisions are made through political negotiations among the elite . 
  the largest group formally in opposition is actually the ecr . 
  it 's mostly composed of the polish pis and british conservative parties , half of which basically just quit . 
  what does it say about a democracy if the opposition votes itself out of existence ? 
  this will continue to get worse until it gets better . 
  among all the quarrels between turkey and the west it 's worth noting that turkey has been friendly for all of it 's modern existence and it is now facing terrorism problems more severe than any western state and most western interventions affecting turkey have been overall unhelpful . 
  i feel sorry for the turks . 
  for germany to be a national state rather than a nation of immigrants . 
  a state more like poland than america . 
  germany has explicitly decided to repress the wishes of a significant percentage of their population ( at least 10 % -20 % ) . 
  sadly some of them will now turn to violence . 
  this future of permanent conflict is what the germans have chosen . 
   from having dog excrement thrown at her door to friends telling her they do n't want to see her again , karen gave a harrowing account of how she now feels unwelcome in the country where she made her home . 
  i 've also seen quite a number of comments asking for the stupid bigoted leavers to be deported . 
  explicit mean-spirited hostility towards brexit voters seems to be the main reaction to the vote result . 
  i think the remain camp bears a lot of responsibility for making political debates into personal conflicts . 
  if somebody told a friend that they never want to talk to them because they voted to leave they would be publicly applauded . 
  so fuck your tears . 
  is n't there a rule against low quality local news content ? 
  because otherwise the sub will be spammed with phone camera videos of random people shouting `` allahu akbar '' . 
  multinational empires justify their existence through violence . 
  why is kenya part of the british empire ? 
  because the british have guns and will fucking kill you . 
  unless germany wants to invade poland again the eu has to provide some benefits to all it 's members or otherwise they will leave , as the uk did . 
  the uk is the first to leave because it got the least in return from the eu . 
  some nation-states also face their own separatist pressures but those are much weaker . 
   eu [ ... ] to constantly justify its existence , which is something nation states are rarely expected to do . 
  the eu has to justify it 's existence as opposed to the alternative of nation states . 
  previous multi-national constructs like the austria and ottoman empires also had to justify their existence and failed to do so . 
  and then we finally establish world communism ? 
   romanians want complete federalization nope . 
  i 'm romanian and absolutely completely opposed to everything that you say . 
  and the pro-europe comments in this thread pretty much confirms that they are indeed opposed to democracy . 
   texas has no power over california . 
  but washington dc still has power over texas , and overall texas votes are only a small portion of us votes . 
  this works in the us because they largely consider themselves one nation , but it ca n't work in europe . 
  the more the eu pushes for it the more it gets pushed back . 
  it 's nice to see our local conflicts being imported to the netherlands . 
  acceptance never felt so warm . 
  but i do n't think this poster is particularly `` anti-romanians '' . 
  it 's just hijacking the brexit issue to complain about romania 's treatment of minorities .
