  it 's not at all clear that joining the euro is beneficial . 
  [ here 's a graph comparing unemployment . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:unemployment_rates_eu-28_ea-19_us_and_japan_seasonally_adjusted_january_2000_november_2015.png ), 
  it 's actually mostly southern , not eastern ( i define `` eastern '' as `` ex-communist '' ) . 
   greece is a very particular country is it really ? 
  i think that the traits that made greece get into debt problems are partially shared with other countries . 
  it seems to me that the euro forces everybody to apply policies more suitable to germany than local conditions . 
   it could very well be that other side effects of greece leaving the euro would have been more detrimental or would have completely offset any gains from devaluation . 
  i agree with that , leaving the euro now has major risks . 
  not joining in the first place would have been better . 
   by all accounts greece is a badly ran country many countries are badly run . 
  having their own currency allows them some useful flexibility . 
  without this flexibility those countries can end up even worse off . 
   prosperity for 70 years now that is definitely not true for greece . 
  outside of the euro they could have devalued and would have had lower unemployment . 
   obviously , corelation ! = causation applies here i think that the causation is actually backwards . 
  relatively more developed and better governmed countries in eastern europe navigated the accession process faster and joined the eu earlier . 
  this explains why if you examine eu members you will see that they are generally better off than outsiders . 
  poland is not richer than romania because they are part of schengen . 
  poland is a part of schengen because it 's richer and better governed . 
  yugoslavia is additionally messy for political reasons . 
  for example kosovo is not even [ recognized as independent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:countriesrecognizingkosovo.png ) by all eu members . 
   the later ottoman government relied on tax farming : a would-be local tax collector would pay an upfront fee to the sultan in return for the rights to collect taxes in an area . 
  such a system might encourage rapacity in taxation , and that might create an ingrained resistance to taxes , but it 's * tough to lay that at the sultan 's feet . 
  * is it really ? 
  how about the fact that the ottomans enforced a system that `` encourages rapacity in taxation '' ? 
  it seems to me that the phrase contradicts itself . 
  it 's nice to see some common sense in germany . 
  eu confirmed as papist conspiracy . 
  but then romania would have do deal with this mess directly : unhappy russian minorities , a de-facto independent separatist republic and abject poverty . 
  true . 
  but it 's difficult to make strictly factual statements about what people consider they professional duty to be . 
  it 's not terribly controversial to say that many journalists try to move public opinion in a certain direction . 
  if too many attempt to do this and they are backed by the government then it can be considered something of a problem . 
  they 're [ affiliated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_for_germany#european_affiliations ) with the [ ecr group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_conservatives_and_reformists ) at the european level . 
  the largest members of this group ( by meps ) are pis from poland the uk conservative party , both currently ruling parties . 
  would you consider the tories to be far-right ? 
  outside the euro greece could have devalued and recovered by now . 
  the eu does n't have enough problems . 
  a coup in a neighboring country should spice things up !, 
  let 's import massive numbers of foreigners from a culture with a history of hostility , and then let 's turn them into an economic underclass . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  luckily eu/germany have a history of ignoring the imf . 
  remember how they recommended debt reduction for greece ? 
  it 's funny because greece is now in a neverending depression imposed from the outside . 
  it 's worth noting that germany and much of western europe already has an equivalent of latino migrations to the us : eastern europeans . 
  importing millions of muslims is just a whole new level of crazy . 
  one of the reasons the uk is doing well is because they avoided the euro . 
  skepticism seems to have paid off . 
   what about all the lazy benefits moochers it seems that tory policies made them move into gainful employment . 
  praise be to thatcher !, 
  low unemployment is a good measure of the health of an economy . 
  i personally it the most important way of measuring a government 's success and david cameron seems to be doing rather well . 
  what has francois hollande accomplished ? 
  and they are reporting the statements of manfred weber , who is a german . 
  more condescending bullshit from germany . 
  this is not at all helpful . 
  am i the only one who is suspicious about this mention of `` no more than months '' ? 
  i think it 's likely that they 're going to push yet another crazy scheme on us and claim that if it does n't pass the sky will fall down . 
  i do n't believe such predictions . 
  i believe the numbers are potentially much higher . 
  the door remains open but there is a debate about closing it . 
  the rational thing for anyone who currently qualifies and can make the trip is to go as soon as possible . 
   instead of just reporting and analyzing events , some influential journalists , especially those who work for the public broadcasting networks , consider it their professional duty to serve as a counterweight to the populist rhetoric fueling the country 's right-wing revival , critics say . 
  and yet germany claims `` media freedom '' in poland is in danger ? 
  this is not about freedom . 
  it 's about obedience . 
  well , why the fuck did you attack the soviets ? 
  it is your fault . 
  we should find a way to resurrect bismarck so that he can slap juncker around and talk some sense into our beloved kaiserin merkel . 
  he built an empire and his successors turned it into shit . 
  there is a disturbing lack of realism in current eu policy . 
  for example the breakdown in relations with poland is to a great extent the fault of german leadership . 
  why did you have to insist on that idiotic `` mandatory resettlement '' scheme ? 
  it drove more voters to pis and did not actually help germany or the eu in any way . 
  what the fuck are these people thinking ? 
   the government says 22 % of muslim women living in england speak little or no english  he is also announcing a review of the role of britain 's religious councils , including sharia courts , in an effort to confront men who exert `` damaging control over their wives , sisters and daughters '' . 
  how could you let this happen ? 
   the assault on democracy in poland is dangerous for the poles and all europe indeed it is . 
  this is why germany and the eu should accept that their favorites lost and let the new guys govern . 
  this article does n't even try to make arguments about constitutionality or potential abuses of power . 
  most of it can be summarized as saying `` we do n't like who won the election '' . 
  this is not about the state of democracy in poland as much as a purely partisan attack . 
   wo n't work in practice . 
  what do you mean it `` wo n't work in practice '' ? 
  are you suggesting that the law is simply going to be ignored ? 
  how ? 
  it 's literally segregation . 
  this seems extremely illegal . 
   yeah , that 's not going to pass . 
  why not ? 
  the plan for 160k passed with a rather large margin . 
  i think it 's plausible that the eu will actually push this through and countries should think hard about how to react to it . 
  from behind paywall :  in a matter of weeks , the european commission will propose to unravel a decades old key asylum law known as the dublin regulation . 
   but its replacement is likely to upset some member states . 
   on thursday ( 14 january ) , eu commissioner for migration dimitris avramopoulos announced the revamp would be based on a distribution key system . 
   the system would allocate `` quasi-automatically '' asylum applicants to member states . 
   it is a big departure from the current dublin rule . 
   today , dublin says the country through which asylum seekers first entered the eu have to handle applications for asylum on behalf of all other member states . 
   the distinction is likely to be removed when the commission unveils its new proposal in march .
