  at one point it explicitly suggests that large muslim minorities will not be able to influence host societies because they will be second class citizens . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i want no part of this madness . 
  we should just build better borders inside and around europe and let germany and sweden deal with migrants as they wish . 
  terrorism is not about the body-count . 
  it 's about achieving political objectives . 
  as far as i know this is backed by data about foreign fighters . 
  ethnic european converts to islam seem to be dramatically over-represented . 
   gross domestic product rose 1.7 percent last year after a gain of 1.6 percent in 2014 so the acceleration is 0.1 % ? 
  this is really not at all impressive . 
   internet bullying is the easiest thing to avoid this is true , i largely agree that various forms of cyberbullying are not that much of a serious threat . 
  but this case is more complicated . 
  she is getting attacked for being public about what happened to her . 
  encouraging her to `` stop using facebook '' basically lets the harassers win . 
  do you really want to live in a society where people are afraid to speak out ? 
  actually as far as i know most of the people at calais are not from syria and did not pass through turkey . 
  this is a very bad idea . 
  the eu should deal with it 's own problems instead of worrying about poland . 
  nothing good will come of this . 
  so what is the eu attempting to do here other than `` influence polish internal policy '' ? 
  i do n't think those people should be considered refugees . 
  they 're not fleeing war , they 're in france . 
  they should be forced to apply for asylum in france or otherwise treated as illegal squatters . 
  seriously ? 
  where is 2012 mentioned in the article ? 
   iglesias currently hosts a tv talk show on hispan tv , a channel funded by the iranian government . 
  i did not know that iran has a spanish-language tv channel , but it 's apparently a [ real thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hispan_tv ) . 
  iran 's press freedom rating is among the worst in the world , it 's pretty safe to assume that most of what they put out externally is propaganda . 
  working for them seems to me to be the equivalent of working for rt. 
   therefore ... iran = venezuela ? 
  the spanish right wing propaganda is confusing . 
  you 're just being deliberately obtuse . 
  venezuela and iran do in fact have [ very good relations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran-venezuela_relations ) , mostly because of their shared anti-americanism . 
  the solution would be to kick the bums off welfare , obviously . 
  but danish unemployment is actually around ~ 6 % , among the lowest in the eu . 
  there does n't seem to be much merit behind this complaint . 
  so the joke is that europe deserves terrorism ? 
  because they 're fucking hippies . 
  the [ german nuclear power phase-out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_power_in_germany ) after the fukushima disaster . 
  it 's also the most common criticism you hear about her . 
   we have x amount of refugee spots to hand out . 
  this would be completely different from current policy where countries like germany grants asylum to everybody who comes in . 
  your policy works great for countries like the us and uk which have natural barriers . 
  for continental europe it can only be implemented using fences and guards , like in hungary . 
   he was even under surveillance for this behavior , before german authorities lost track of him . 
  i think that this might not be an issue of competence but one of scale . 
  there are probably many more people who showed similar weak signs of radicalism and there are not enough resources to keep track of them all . 
   for us only those who get qualified as refugees matter who are n't that many that 's completely false . 
  there are millions displaced in and around syria and iraq who meet the criteria that `` their home country is not safe '' . 
  it 's perfectly plausible that 1 million people who qualify for the eu 's mandatory resettlement scheme will show up . 
  merkel is famous for driving policy based on polls , right ? 
  i think it 's very likely that german public opinion will eventually make her change her position . 
  this is more or less unavoidable as the initial optimism washes away and the challenges become more apparent . 
  when this happens germany will be in a very poor position to change policy . 
  this is going to get a lot worse . 
   germany took in 12 million people after the war ... you took 12 million * germans * , a large proportion of which were already * german citizens * . 
  this is not at all comparable . 
   priority for asylum should be given to women , children and families than single , unaccompanied men . 
  canada already has this policy and it makes sense , since single men are far more likely to commit crime than any other group . 
  this is hilarious and sad because current policy on the continent has the exact opposite results . 
  while canada ( also uk and us ) have a selection process for the people it resettles in germany and sweden asylum applicants are most ; y people that travel across the continent to press their claim in person . 
  the people best capable of crossing multiple borders are disproportionally young healthy single males . 
  this is obviously not intentional but still a real consequence of current policy . 
   well this is exactly why the authorities wanted to be careful about letting the media run wild with the new years stories . 
  but concerns about `` how the people might react to the news '' is basically the justification for all censorship anywhere . 
  this is not just a slippery slope , you 're basically cheering the slide into totalitarianism . 
  you 're basically stating that it 's the job of the state ( including security services ) to ensure that people think a certain way and that censorship is an appropriate tool . 
  at this point you do n't get to call yourself a liberal anymore . 
  my point is that most of the countries in eastern europe do n't get to `` show russia the door '' . 
  russia is much larger , stronger and perfectly willing to use force to get it 's way . 
   when the pressure at a fence maybe , would rise to a certain point ? 
  who would give the first order to shoot ? 
  this is a false dichotomy . 
  you absolutely do n't need to kill people to enforce immigration policy . 
  hell , you could do a great job if you just properly policed businesses hiring various forms of illegal immigrants . 
  yes . 
  but what if government policy leads to more people breaking the law and committing violent crimes ? 
  there should be a point where ideology gives way to pragmatism . 
   germans !, 
  violent bastards , they 'll never learn to integrate . 
  well , germany does have some rather [ peculiar clauses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_constitution#important_differences_from_the_weimar_constitution ) in it 's constitution that other countries do n't feel the need for . 
  this is because of germany 's truly remarkable history of violence . 
  once we get over the emotional responses this is still just a policing issue , just like the attacks on nye . 
  germany is going to need to expand internal security services as a result of recent immigration policy . 
  there is no way to avoid this . 
  i think that limits to immigration should be written into the constitution and be extremely difficult to change . 
  i think that allowing  1 % of new residents to come in a single year is not a decision that can be made by a government that merely won an election . 
  it 's spelled queueue . 
  but if you live in syria and know that germany is welcoming you , why would you stay ? 
  it somehow tries to argue that the eu holds the upper hand in this , but that 's just not true . 
  the union has never lost a member before and is desperate to prevent this from happening . 
  losing the uk would be a massive blow to the prestige of the union and this is far more important than any demands cameron might make . 
  since the eu sees keeping the uk as a top priority they have about as much leverage as syriza with their insistence on keeping the euro . 
  the article also claims that the uk is unique in seeing it 's relationship with the eu as transactional . 
  this is a fundamental misunderstanding of human nature common on the left . 
  all countries see their membership as transactional in various ways . 
  even germany and france started this in order to bind their two countries together and prevent future conflicts . 
  the statement that `` for many mainland europeans the eu offers the promise of freedom from the threat of nationalism '' is really only true of a small group of leftist elites . 
  if the union wants to survive it needs to provide significant positive benefits to all members . 
  4th reich best reich ?
