  am i the only one who finds it somewhat amusing that german state media is warning about `` self-censorship '' in poland ? 
  perhaps they should warn about a lack of self-awareness as well . 
  excellent title . 
  what better way to explain the existence of people on the right unhappy with the cdu other than the fact that they are pure evil ? 
  france is not at war . 
  france is one of the most peaceful and prosperous countries in the world . 
  it 's far above average on most objective indicators . 
  if you want to cross the border from france to the uk you should n't be considered a refugee . 
  this problem is caused by france 's unwillingness to enforce it 's own laws . 
  it should round them all up and ask them to claim asylum on the spot or otherwise prove that they can legally stay in france legally . 
  those who refuse should be deported . 
  the uk and denmark have an opt-out on asylum policy and chose not to participate . 
  i think that includes ireland . 
  this list contains eu members without source countries ( italy , greece , hungary ) and without the countries which negotiated an opt-out earlier . 
  schengen is unrelated . 
   it 's their right to want to not be associated with things they do not like . 
  yes . 
  then should n't it also be the hungarian 's government right to not be associated with companies they do n't like ? 
   its relatively common in the western world to cancel contracts with advertising stars if they severely misbehave . 
  as far as i can tell all this singer this was express some mildly politically incorrect views . 
  i do n't think this counts as `` severely misbehaving '' . 
   it 's not the governments job to seek revenge in situations like this . 
  it 's not dt 's job to punish singers either . 
  i really do n't think a telecom company should be concerned about such social issues or the social opinions of singers . 
  it 's wrong of them to cancel a contract for such a reason and the hungarian government 's retaliation is well deserved . 
  deutche telekom should take their opinions and shove it up their butts . 
  that is a very very bad definition of nationalism . 
  `` reducing the individual to an instrument of the state '' is in fact a pretty good definition of fascism . 
  i guess that it 's much easier to scare people if you confuse the two . 
  what nationalism in it 's simplest form means is that ethnic groups should be able to govern themselves independently . 
  a good example of this is the scottish national party . 
  what they want is an independent scotland governed from edinburgh rather than london and they got very close to achieving this . 
  if the independence referendum had been successful then the isle of britain would have been divided into two democratic independent states with slightly different policies ( scotland leans rather left ) . 
  there is no indication that the new scottish republic would have curbed individual rights in any significant way . 
  the recent rise of nationalism across europe is caused by lots of people being very unhappy with decisions from brussels and berlin . 
  this makes people want to retreat to their national democracies rather than fix the mess that is the eu . 
  this does not imply much enthusiasm for jackbooted marching . 
   youth unemployment is still near 13 % that 's actually not that bad compared to other countries . 
  i completely disagree . 
  unemployment is far more important than inequality . 
  the main goal of economic policy should be to create an environment in which people can find jobs and support themselves rather than rely on the state . 
   polan can not into whiteness neither can australians . 
  that 's what they get for descending from criminals . 
  this should be at the top . 
  these so-called `` traits '' are bullshit and the conclusion in the title is nonsense . 
   germany has strict laws against incitement to racial hatred congratulations germany for this milestone in the history of internet censorship . 
  fuck germany and all the germans who support this !, 
  there are others like it , but this one is mine . 
  france : wtf ? 
  can any french person comment on these rumors ? 
   the proposed directive , which refers to foreign fighters as `` people travelling to conflict zones , in particular to syria and iraq , to fight or train with terrorist groups , '' introduces in eu law criminalisation of travelling and training for terrorist purposes , both within and outside the eu . 
   the text also criminalises the funding , organisation , and facilitation of such trips , as well as the funding and logistical and material support to terrorist actions . 
  how was this not already illegal ? 
  people who organize trips for daesh fighters should be treated like they are themselves terrorists . 
  this kind of stuff needs to be punished with decades in prison . 
  you 're not a very clever troll . 
  why are you deleting your posts ? 
  you clearly do n't know much about romania . 
  let me [ enlighten you ] ( https://i.imgur.com/hwecarb.png ) . 
  as eloquently stated in the link : thanks to eu gypsy is no more of romania . 
  it has worsened by 0.5 % since 2007 , close to the high point before the crisis . 
  but turkey is really not a dictatorship at all and does n't need to propped up externally . 
  akp has won a lot of elections over the years and seems to have a large amount of popular support . 
  it is so much stronger than the opposition that erdogan can be said to enjoys a stronger mandate than most leaders of eu countries . 
  you 're basically calling them a dictatorship because you do n't agree with how they run their country . 
  that probably the most anti-democratic thing you can do . 
  comparing turkey to iraq and libya is just insulting , they 've been a democracy for many decades , except for the occasional coup * against * islamists . 
  many western liberals initially welcomed akp and the way it curbed the power of the military . 
  now they seem to be surprised that muslims are fond of islam . 
   i think people are just happy that they do n't get special rights for religion . 
  how the fuck is wearing whatever you want a `` special right '' ? 
   this is not `` swiss bans this religious type of clothing '' - it 's `` you ca n't cover up your face , even if it is for religious reasons '' . 
  you did n't even rtfa :   both the burka and the niqab , which has a gap for the eyes , will be illegal when the law is brought in -- but masks and other face coverings worn by protesters would still be legal . 
  but there are different reasons for such bans , and some reasons are worse than others :  you ca n't go around naked . 
  because public nudity is an universal taboo . 
   you ca n't wear a police officer 's uniform . 
  because impersonating legal authority is obviously harmful . 
   you ca n't wear a burka or niqab because we want to suppress a cultural practice which a lot of people find reprehensible . 
  since nobody reads the article here is the actual context :  after joking about the sale of public assets to the chinese government , mr mcdonnell said : `` to assist comrade osborne about dealing with his new found comrades , i have brought him along mao 's little red book . '', 
  mr mcdonnell continued : `` let me quote from mao , rarely done in this chamber ''   ` we must learn to do economic work from all who know how . 
  no matter who they are , we must esteem them as teachers , learning from them respectfully and conscientiously . 
  but we must not pretend to know what we do not know ' . 
  this is glorious . 
  i can only hope that prospective labour voters are suitably impressed with the party 's leadership . 
   this forces the government to offer higher salaries for doctors does it really ? 
  it seems to me that everybody is just resigned to doctors leaving . 
  i do n't even think that the romanian state can realistically compete on pay with western europe . 
   all these things add up and will make migrants no longer choose sweden . 
  let 's disregard the fact that apparently these migrants apparently get to choose which country they go to . 
  what is going to happen to the thousands that enter europe when nobody is willing to accommodate then ? 
  will they just riot somewhere in the balkans ? 
  the article is rather vague on concrete measures . 
   the government wants the number of asylum seekers should be drastically reduced and therefore want the swedish asylum rules should be adapted to the eu minimum levels . 
  it proposes * temporary residence permit instead of permanent to all refugees except for quota refugees * . 
  so if a syrian walks sweden he now gets a temporary rather than permanent residence permit ? 
  it 's not clear how this is going to limit the amount of asylum seekers . 
  european leaders should have managed expectations earlier in the crisis . 
  you now have thousands of people crossing into the eu every day expecting some sort of accommodation . 
  how exactly are you going to reduce this flow ? 
  it seems to me that germany and sweden dug themselves into some very deep holes .
