   those immigrants are not in eu to work , but on welfare shopping or maybe they 're just shopping for the best place to work and settle ( hint : it 's germany ) . 
  this is a perfectly rational thing to do . 
  but this distinction is largely irrelevant because syrians do n't any have freedom of movement in the eu . 
  the problem is that refugee status is used in order to immigrate to europe for economic reasons . 
  what we need to do is ensure that all immigration is done through legal channels and people who cross borders illegally have nothing to do gain . 
  only then will people stop drowning . 
   do you know what 's going to happen with these far-right people if/when the refugees are gone ? 
  yes . 
  people will stop voting for them and nobody will care . 
   the uk and other countries have rejected proposals for eu to have an integrated immigration solution . 
  are you referring to the mandatory quota proposal ? 
  because that 's not really a serious solution , it 's just a ( mostly bad ) way of deal with the symptoms . 
  the problem is that people are risking their lives ( and sometimes losing ) in order to reach europe . 
  any `` solution '' needs to stop this flow and ensure that anyone who comes over does so legally and safely . 
   but uk and other countries has refused the introduction of one . 
  i do n't get it . 
  how is the uk to blame for this crisis ? 
  they have an opt-out but that does n't prevent from the other countries from establishing some sort of sane policy . 
  the dublin agreement would work just as poorly if the uk participated . 
  i 'm not defending her . 
  she deserves to get fired . 
  but it 's worth noting that this happened during what was basically a riot . 
  people get angry and stupid shit happens . 
    the front page is filled with many highly relevant stand-alone posts   oh shit , i 've been trolled which post is irrelevant ? 
   obviously they want to return home once it 's safe . . no ? 
  obviously . 
  why else would anyone risk their lives crossing borders from turkey to greece and all the way to denmark ? 
  so that it 's easier to return to syria when the war is over . 
  live threads are only suitable to live events but not to a long term crisis . 
  migration is as big an issues as the greek bailouts , would you recommend a single thread for that ? 
  the front page is filled with many highly relevant stand-alone posts . 
  public statements from european leaders on the most important issues on voters minds are worth discussing . 
  if you want to clean up this sub it would make sense to clarify rules about low-quality posts . 
  videos of people screaming and scuffling are not conducive to any sort of debate and just serve to inflame feelings . 
  this would include most links to youtube and liveleak which are not accompanied by a proper new article . 
  if you watch the video it seems that the migrants where breaking through police lines and running away . 
  this camerawomen got angry and tripped some of them . 
  she 's literally hitler . 
  the context here is that tens of thousands of people are crossing hungarian borders showing utter contempt for the law of the land . 
  the government should deploy the army and use as much force as necessary to process these people legally . 
  germany keeps encouraging these people to come and break the law of transit countries . 
  hungary should organize a corridor transferring people from one border to the other and demand that germany pay for it . 
   at least 126 hdp offices were targeted monday night , with protesters blaming the political party for the recent violence in the country between government troops and kurdish rebels . 
  the rioters threw stones , chanted slogans against the kurds and in some instances climbed the hdp buildings , breaking windows and party signboards -- all while nearby police reportedly refused to intervene . 
  what the fuck is going on in turkey ? 
  this is surreal . 
  as eastern states are rejecting the initial quotas merkel is demanding more . 
  it 's as if they 're trying to break the union on purpose . 
  the entire immigration/asylum policy should be rewritten to focus on proper deterrence rather than accommodation . 
  that 's not that many considering germany 's size . 
  i think sweden and belgium do best on a per-capita basis . 
  but do n't worry , mutti will invite millions of muslims to settle . 
  by the time of the next jihad germany will have many more recruits to offer to the struggle and finally pull it 's weight . 
  because they hate western culture ? 
  many people find traditional values comforting and consider rules such as banning the hijab to be oppressive of islamic culture . 
  no worries . 
  mutti will feed all . 
  this is absolutely the right thing to do . 
  i think that a coalition of countries opposed to migration should be formed and impose this rule at the eu level . 
  most of eastern europe would join as well as the uk and probably denmark . 
  germany and sweden can still take as many refugees as they want from the camps and islamise their countries to their heart 's content . 
   it was a rant rather than a condition yes , this is exactly my point . 
  obviously . 
  if we could swap muslim refugees for latino illegals from the us we would do it in a heartbeat . 
  even 2-for-1 . 
  except of course that the economy of mexico is not actually that much worse than that of many eastern eu countries so they would n't even want to come . 
  at least it 's better than iraq and syria . 
  because you speak spanish . 
  that ca n't be tolerated in europe . 
   romanian prime minister victor ponta said that his country will request admission to the eu 's schengen borderless area if mandatory quotas to accept refugees are decided by the union . 
  the article suggests that romania is willing to support quotas * in exchange for * admission to schengen . 
  this does not seem to be accurate . 
  both our prime minister and president came out publicly against mandatory quotas . 
  they did not mention that they might be conditionally accepted . 
  honestly schengen needs to be redesigned anyway . 
  the eastern states were required to upgrade their border security for admission but this is all pointless when hundreds of thousands of people are allowed to cross with impunity . 
  greece has an election due in two weeks . 
  how have local politicians reacted to this ? 
  i bet the results will be particularly interesting on the island of lesbos . 
  europe might be in for a golden surprise . 
   that way there will still be some place for western europeans to take refuge in a couple of decades . 
  haha it 's funny but no . 
  western countries invited muslims to settle and need to deal with the full consequences . 
   these are legit asylum seekers i 'm not so sure about that . 
  this redistribution scheme includes people who landed in italy . 
  a lot of them are just economic migrants from the poor countries of sub-saharan africa . 
  if we start accepting this then there is no end to the flood . 
  this plan seems to be about redistributing migrants away from the countries of entry . 
  of course they are rejecting this , it 's madness . 
  israel is designed to be the `` homeland of the jewish people '' . 
  there would not be much of a point to israel without a jewish majority . 
  the fact that israel was established in an already populated region is indeed questionable but accepting large numbers of non-jews is obviously out of the question . 
  many european states are similar : poland is the homeland of the poles , the czech republic is the homeland of the czechs and so on . 
  some of them even offer something like the `` right of return '' . 
  at least hungary and romania offer very easy citizenship for ethnic hungarians and romanians in other countries . 
   our hands are unfortunately tied nonsense . 
  we should demand a return of the [ 1993 german asylum compromise ] ( http://www.bamf.de/en/migration/asylfluechtlinge/asylverfahren/entwicklungasylrecht/asylkompromiss/asylkompromiss-node.html ) . 
  key point :  foreigners entering via safe third states in which they are not persecuted but can find protection do not have a right to asylum . 
  according to the ** `` first country concept '' ** , a refugee must seek protection in the state in which he/she first entered `` safe territory '' after fleeing from his/her home country . 
  applying this principle syrian refugees would be forced to seek protection in the first safe state that they cross into , most likely turkey or lebanon .
