  in the eu the most it can do is slightly shift the balance inside the grand coalition . 
  unless something crazy happens like eurosceptics getting 50 % voting will have almost no effect . 
   this makes you part of the ` ever closer union ' with one currency , one economic policy , one army and one foreign policy . 
  the greece debacle shows that having one currency and one economic policy works really badly . 
  in practice the policy is being set by inflation and austerity-obsessed germany . 
  this works very poorly for southern countries which historically had persistently higher rates of inflation . 
  let it be very clear : greece would have been much better off outside the euro . 
  they would have devalued the drachma after the crisis and would not have had 25 % unemployment today . 
  adding a `` single army and foreign policy '' on top of that is not going to work . 
  i see it as an idiotic fantasy . 
  nato is perfectly suitable for europe 's security needs . 
  it 's also worth noting that if any differences would appear between the western eu and the us then the countries of eastern europe would almost always certainly side with the us . 
  they are the more useful ally . 
  i think the entire eu should devolve to some sort of option 2 : free cooperation between sovereign states . 
  in particular each country should be able to choose not to apply a particular directive to itself . 
  for commercial regulations this would usually not be worthwhile . 
   what about french citizens who take up arms in france and get gunned down by the police ( like the charlie hebdo shooters ) ? 
  is that an `` extrajudicial killing '' too ? 
  if they are running away form the police after committing an attack then obviously not . 
  but what if intelligence agencies just received some information that they were planning something nasty ? 
  most airstrikes fall in the latter category . 
   so what 's your solution ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's just really sad to see that all western governments have embraced the sort of tactics that they used to blame george w. bush for . 
   if we can capture them , i 'm in favor for a fair trial . 
  i strongly suspect that in many cases there is not enough evidence to convict them in any sort of `` fair trial '' . 
  just look at all the guantanamo inmates . 
  so we just bomb them instead . 
  wikipedia has a information about the [ source of the expellees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_estimates_of_the_flight_and_expulsion_of_germans#study_by_gerhard_reichling ) . 
  apparently a majority ( ~ 6.9 million ) were actual citizens of interwar germany east of the oder-neisse line . 
  a further ~ 3 million were sudeten germans which presumably gained citizenship on annexation . 
   edit : also , i think that france probably ran into this in far greater scale in the algerian war : it 's absolutely horrible that you have to draw this parallel to the good old days of colonial massacres . 
  i hope it never comes to this . 
  my point is that democratic states should come to some of agreement with the vast majority of it 's citizens and maintain some semblance of order without resorting to horrors like summary executions . 
  what the isis foreign fighter problem shows is that this is not really happening . 
   normally you 'd notify the country in question and they 'd arrest and extradite the person in question i doubt they have much of a legal case against them . 
  there are lots of examples of people being captured and then governments being unable to charge them with anything specific . 
  airstrikes get around this . 
  it 's also worth noting that france does not apply capital punishment . 
  if france attempted to actually apply its ' law there 's no way these people would have been killed . 
   i 'm sure that france is n't saying `` yes , woohoo , we killed a frenchman ! '', 
  are you sure ? 
  just look at this thread . 
  because french citizens should be entitled to some sort of due process no matter what crimes they committed and where they are located . 
  modern states are supposed to have a justice system that is more elaborate than `` kill the bad guys '' . 
  in fact france has not practiced capital punishment in many decades . 
  what western governments are doing is taking advantage of distance to carry out extrajudicial killings . 
  what happens if they try to apply the same principles at home ? 
  should we send death squads to the banlieues to root out isis sympathizers ? 
  the moscow times is well known for publishing anti-russian propaganda . 
  you do n't have to be a putinbot to recognize that . 
  this particular article is a poorly disguised attempt at stirring ethnic hatred against russians . 
  sadly it 's also quite successful . 
  quite a lot of people see `` increasing diversity '' as a goal in itself . 
  they are winning . 
  today on the two minutes hate : let 's point at the ignorant savage russians and feel smug about how much more civilized and tolerant we are . 
  am i the only one who is appalled at the cavalier attitude of western governments towards killing their own citizens ? 
  but the important point is that she is not really democratically accountable . 
  in fact the entire european comission is democratically unaccountable . 
  the ec is presumably equivalent to the government in a parliamentary system . 
  when the government does stupid shit the voters usually get upset and vote for the other party . 
  this is basically how democracy is supposed to keep officials in check . 
  but in reality the current juncker commission is supported in parliament by 3 of the largest centrist groups : epp , s&d and alde . 
  if you are unhappy with this arrangement it 's very difficult to find to find an alternative . 
  the opposition is a mix of greens/commies and rightist eurosceptics . 
  in practice it 's difficult to imagine how a ep vote could `` punish '' the juncker commission because the grand epp+s&d+alde coallition is unlikely to go under 50 % . 
  what the people vote for is irrelevant and will have no great impact on the backroom negotiations where eu decisions are really made . 
   before new voting rules under the lisbon treaty came into force in november 2014 , decisions surrounding these areas of law ( which include social security , immigration , freedom of movement and energy ) were subject to a unanimous vote in the european council ( i.e. 
  if one member state objected , the law would not pass ) . 
  but from march 2017 , all of these areas will now be legislated upon using the `` qualified majority voting '' system -- in layman 's terms , if 55 % of member states ( representing 65 % of the eu population ) agree with a law , it will pass . 
  wikipedia seems to mostly agree with this :  article 16 of the `` treaty on european union '' , as amended by the treaty of lisbon , stipulates that the council voting arrangements of the nice treaty applied until 31 october 2014 . 
  moreover , * until 31 march 2017 , any member state can request that the nice rules are used for a particular vote * . 
  why was n't this invoked for the migrant quota vote ? 
  this looks scary :  eu laws can be forced upon us , even if our parliament objects . 
  but moreover , there is a new area of legislation within the 43 policy areas , which is perhaps the most concerning of all : `` withdrawal of a member state '' . 
  but does not seem to be clearly supported by the [ treaty text ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-6-final-provisions/137-article-50.html ) . 
  it 's not clear that a `` withdrawal agreement '' is indeed necessary or what happens if the eu does not agree on the terms of the withdrawal . 
  it seems obvious to me that unilateral withdrawal is a sovereign right . 
  restore the wittelsbachs !, 
   you think your title or this article is n't pro-putin ? 
  you do n't need to approve of somebody 's actions and methods to recognize when they 're being effective at reaching their goals . 
  it 's too early to tell but it 's plausible that full russian support combined with assad 's ground forces will crush the rebellion . 
  it 's not going to be pretty but i do n't see anyone stopping them . 
  welcome to the multi-polar world . 
  and the title is not mine , it 's from the article . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  assad is not a nice guy , but this article is not particularly pro-assad or pro-putin . 
  i think this article is an interesting attempt a realist appraisal of the syrian situation . 
  what countries like hungary want is power over * their own * affairs . 
  what you are implying is that because germany is more populous it somehow deserves more power over * hungary * . 
  you should seriously reconsider . 
  what the parent poster obviously meant is democracy * at a national level * . 
  most europeans are not willing to accept being overridden by german voters simply because it has more people . 
  between democracy at the eu and national levels the latter should ** always ** be able to prevail . 
   you not only share benefits you also share responsibilities we are not responsible for saving germany from the consequences of it 's excessive generosity . 
   the refugee crisis happens at a european level no . 
  most of the refugees and migrants want to go to germany , very few want to go to eastern europe . 
  what makes this an eu problem is simply the fact that people want to deal with it at the eu level through stuff like redistribution . 
   yes , but it pisses me off when people say they want democracy which is clearly not what they want but rather they want the power to do stuff the way they want . 
  what people want is democracy at the national level .
