   the rebels russia was bombing were a turkmen branch of al-nusra . 
  turkey said a few days ago there would consequences for bombing them . 
  citation ? 
  there are large number of [ turkmen civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_turks ) living in that area of syria . 
  turkey 's statement can be interpreted as a warning against bombing the turkmen minority rather than as protection for al-nusra . 
  is n't greece on strike ? 
  somebody better call the far-left terrorist union . 
  free speech , not free porn, 
  of course not . 
  this is at least 60 % the fault of germany . 
   it 's just a mistake to govern a bigoted people in any other way . 
  wow . 
  your arrogance is absolutely spectacular . 
  the condescending bullshit coming from the western left is a hundred times more vile than anything ukip has ever come up with . 
   we need a powerful bloc to tackle regulation evasion and tax evasion by multinationals . 
  but countries can already cooperate very successfully while preserving their independence . 
  the eu is a lot more than that . 
  what we 've seen in both the euro crisis and the refugee crisis is that eu is being used to overrule national democracies . 
  it 's really difficult to make a positive case for such behavior . 
   at what point are you becoming the thought police ? 
   attempting to leave to join isis is not a crime . 
  attempting to join isis * should * be a crime . 
  if the security services can prove that somebody is in contact with isis recruiters and is willing to travel to syria then they should go to prison . 
  i do n't see this as particularly difficult . 
  we already treat stuff lie attempted murder as a very serious crime . 
  attempting to join a terrorist group should be the same . 
  wtf ? 
  you ca n't just breed terrorists and set them loose upon the world !, 
  the uk and all other western nations should take responsibility for the radicals that they spawn . 
  people that attempt to join isis * must * be punished and their home countries are in a much better position to do so than the likes of iraq and syria . 
  people love to complain about how the saudis are sponsoring terrorism but western europe is itself a major source of recruits . 
  simply `` letting them leave '' puts the rest of the world at risk because you ca n't deal with your own citizens . 
  finally we have proof that poles are the real nazis . 
  we should free their oppressed german minority so that they will be free to think the right way in our glorious 4th reich . 
   although the poll results show a marked eurosceptic shift since paris , in campaigners believe that the outpouring of sympathy in britain for france over the massacre will help rather than damage the pro-eu cause . 
  more like an outpouring of sympathy for poor france being stuck in schengen and being unable to prevent suicide bombers from crossing their borders . 
   i said not enough danes care deeply enough to vote for a gov ' t which puts an end to immigration but the dpp basically won !, 
  do they really need 50 % by themselves ? 
  that 's extremely rare in multi-party democracies . 
  actually the anti-imigrant dpp won second place in the [ 2015 elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_general_election,_2015 ) and could have formed the government . 
  they were previously * first * in the ep elections . 
  your claim that immigration has wide popular support is really weak . 
  the fact that massive numbers of voters are switching en-masse to new parties only because of this specific issue shows that there is indeed a massive disconnect between voters and party elites . 
  if this is what passes for neo-nazis in sweden honestly i 'm not terribly impressed . 
  how come nobody suggested we turn hungarians into soap ? 
   you dont get to tell syrian people whom they can and cant vote for . 
  i am not ? 
  i just pointed out that getting closer to putin and assad is likely to boost rather than hurt jihadi recruitment . 
    bloodiest middle-east tyrants  are we talking about bahrain , qatar or saudi arabia ? 
  i 'm talking about assad . 
  the amount of killing in the syrian civil war makes him a lot worse than other middle-east regimes which at least keep the peace . 
  my point is that the scale of the killing in syria would make any alliance with putin and assad a lot worse than being friendly towards countries like egypt . 
  even disregarding the whole ukraine situation it seems to me that embracing russia would be a big mistake . 
  in syria putin is closely allied to assad , a dictator who is responsible for massacring his own people . 
  this includes [ indiscriminate bombing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barrel_bomb#syria ) of civilian areas under rebel control . 
  the west has largely opposed assad so far , with good reason . 
  if that were to change it would show that despite all the talks about human rights and protecting muslims in the west from discrimination when push comes to shove the west really has no problem allying itself with even the bloodiest middle-east tyrants . 
  such a move would fuel jihadist recruitment for decades . 
  catholic sharia best sharia !, 
  of course not . 
  the only true europeans are latin speakers ; the rest are barbarians . 
  how would this help ? 
  isis is already more or less at war with the entire world . 
  it seems to me that this is just bluster from the french government attempting to look tough . 
  i do n't think it will have any significant impact . 
   ms le pen accused a government minister of saying it was necessary to `` understand the young people who left for syria ''  ms taubira could be heard actually saying it was `` important to understand what makes young people leave '' there 's really not much of a difference . 
  maybe the difference is bigger in french ? 
  i do n't remember most quotes exactly either , a little paraphrasing is normal . 
  it seems to me that a lot of people are trying very hard to make her look bad . 
  they need to try harder because this particular snippet is not very convincing . 
  you are overestimating their relevance to europe . 
   today , the european parliament has adopted a report supporting european electoral lists . 
  this means that all europeans can vote for the nr 1 candidates ( `` spitzenkandidaten '' ) of the european political parties and herewith directly elect the president of the european commission . 
  i am confused about what this actually means in practice . 
  will there be direct voting for the president of the european comission or for the # 1 posts of each party ? 
  the latter sounds more like an open primary than an actual election . 
  i think the biggest positive change would be to allow some way for european parties to collect votes from across europe . 
  right now each country votes for local parties which have to pass per-country thresholds in order to elect any meps . 
  for example this means that voting for the pirate party is literally impossible if you live in romania . 
   today , the european parliament has adopted a report supporting european electoral lists . 
  this means that all europeans can vote for the nr 1 candidates ( `` spitzenkandidaten '' ) of the european political parties and herewith directly elect the president of the european commission . 
  i am confused about what this actually means in practice . 
  will there be direct voting for the president of the european comission or for the # 1 posts of each party ? 
  the latter sounds more like an open primary than an actual election . 
  the greeks have a flair for drama but this is just pure comedy . 
  why is the title translated as `` mass defection '' ? 
  it seems that it 's just a few people resigning . 
  the term [ defection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defection ) implies switching sides :  a defector is a person who gives up allegiance to one state in exchange for allegiance to another , in a way which is considered illegitimate by the first state . 
  more broadly , it involves abandoning a person , cause or doctrine to which one is bound by some tie , as of allegiance or duty . 
  unless all these people are drug gangs the term seems exaggerated . 
  more like a city-state , giving germany culture points each turn . 
   would n't it be cringe worthy ? 
  yes , because it would n't make sense . 
  will canada join them ? 
  the hood . 
  also drying hay . 
  they migrants could probably just tear down the fence . 
  they can easily outnumber slovenian security forces . 
  it 's a funny comic . 
  it should display additional holes .
