   avramopoulos told meps in the civil liberties committee that `` dublin should not be any more just a mechanism to allocate responsibility . '', 
   he said it needs to be `` a solidarity instrument among member states '' . 
   that includes `` the need to have a distribution key system under which applicants would be quasi-automatically allocated to a member state '' . 
   first signed as a convention in 1990 , dublin was n't implemented until 1997 . 
  it was then adopted as a regulation in 2003 and then commonly referred to as dublin ii . 
   but it never worked in practice . 
   the latest iteration , known as dublin iii , was then proposed in december 2008 . 
  the eu co-legislatures took fives year before it became law . 
   but dublin iii has n't really worked either . 
   if applied correctly , greece and italy would have had to handle the bulk of the some 1 million arrivals last year . 
   those slipping through the registration process and caught in another member state would then have to be returned - although returns to greece have been banned since 2010 due to poor holding conditions . 
   over 800,000 people arrived in greece alone in 2015 . 
   another 18,384 have landed in greece from the start of the new year . 
  the majority , almost half , are syrian refugees , followed by afghans and iraqis . 
   earlier this week , dutch migration minister klaas dijkhoff said the 25-year old system had been doomed to fail from the start . 
   imposing distribution keys on how to divvy up asylum seekers has been met in the recent past with strong resistance from some member states . 
   it is not yet clear whether the dublin revamp will make migrant distribution binding or voluntary . 
   binding quotas created an uproar when the eu commission unveiled its relocation plan last may , one month after some 600 people drowned in the mediterranean sea , just south of italy 's lampedusa island . 
   the may proposal required each member state to take in a pre-defined number of asylum seekers from italy and greece . 
   it did n't get far . 
  by june , eu leaders made it voluntary and then signed it off in september . 
   the relocation plan has failed to deliver . 
   fewer than 300 people , out of the planned 160,000 , have been relocated so far . 
  from your `` more detailed article '' :  the opposition tried to push through amendments , thanks to which they were legally exempt physicians who must respect medical confidentiality , and journalists melting their resources . 
  with these requirements but failed . 
  it seems to me that `` doctor-patient privileges , protection of sources for journalist among others '' were in failed amendments rather than removed from existing law . 
  does n't that make the title somewhat misleading ? 
  but this is wrong . 
  some countries in eastern europe have small muslim communities that are small but old and with which relations have been overwhelmingly peaceful . 
  the muslim community in romania for example is older than an unified romanian state and is concentrated in south-eastern parts of the country that used to be under direct ottoman administration . 
  it is extremely sad if the general worsening of relations between the west in general and muslim is making these people feel isolated . 
  but not a sufficient reason to accept mass migration . 
   majority of germans against merkel 's refugee policy not really , or at least not by a large enough margin . 
  things will get worse . 
  no it 's not . 
  we used to have a large [ anti-hungarian party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_romania_party ) but it 's gone now . 
  historically many romanian governments have been supported by a coalition which included the [ hungarian minority party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_union_of_hungarians_in_romania ) so it 's in their interest to play nice . 
  france is such a fucking mess . 
  they 've let this fester for so long and now their getting criticized for attempting to enforce laws . 
  it would have been easier to deal with this earlier . 
   it means those affected by tonight 's clear-out are unlikely to be able to get a space in the new shelters for weeks -- and even if they do , * many fear registering for a bed is a trick to prevent them claiming asylum in britain * . 
   seriously , what 's your fixation with germany . 
  have you seen usofa telling japan to stfu because pearl harbor ? 
  the difference is that germany is much larger and stronger that poland and believes it has the right to tell poland what to do . 
  it 's also worth noting that psd is mostly conservative on social issues , going so low as to bash the hungarian minority for votes . 
  there is no romanian party that subscribes to western-style left-liberalism . 
   rosia montana village has been designated a place of historic site of national interest which has a radius of two kilometres . 
  at such a site , all mining activity is prohibited . 
  ironically pretty much the entire [ history of that village ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosia_montana#history ) is that of mining activity . 
   the government has [ ... ] signed into law a measure which puts broadcasting under direct state control . 
  no they did n't . 
  they made a law which puts * state * broadcasting under more direct state control . 
  as far as i know private media is not affected . 
  this omission dramatically changes the meaning of the sentence to something that is just not true . 
  the journalist who wrote this is either incompetent or is otherwise so biased against the new government of poland that he 's willing to not only spin and mislead but outright lie . 
  but i do n't think anyone should care about the eu 's `` global influence '' . 
  there 's no reason why small european countries ca n't have perfectly friendly relations with the likes of india and china . 
  it seems to me that eu elites are demanding more power for themselves for no other reason than that they want more power . 
  this does not seem to benefit regular citizens in any way , especially not on the eu 's periphery . 
   the global order is shifting east , with new powers emerging or emerged . 
  china and india both have populations more than double that of the eu . 
  the population of the united states is already over 300 million and growing . 
  if individual european nations like britain want to play a role in global decision-making -- and if europe wants to keep its influence -- they can do it only through the heft of europe . 
  what kind of fear mongering bullshit is this ? 
  even if this was true and the `` losses '' to eu are 2x larger it 's worth noting that eu nominal gdp is 10x larger . 
   give us raw information only , please . 
  this is an opinion article . 
   the biggest overwhelming need is that europeans will have to react to the harsh winds of political globalization in the future . 
  political globalization is more than just the economic globalization that has been talked about endlessly in the last decade . 
  it is a quest for political order on a planet that has outgrown its merely regional structure . 
  winds from where ? 
  whose quest is this ? 
   all of this creates a need for a vessel that allows europeans to compete in political globalization and contribute to global order . 
  whose need is this ? 
  the only drive for further political integration is coming from the dreams european political elites . 
  presumably they are concerned about the rising influence of india and china and the comparative decline of countries like france ? 
  fuck them . 
  i see no reason to share that concern . 
  in eastern europe the primary foreign policy goal is maintaining independence . 
  the most plausible threat is russian expansionism but can be adequately balanced by an alliance with the us . 
  other than that we really do n't have major security concerns . 
  small countries are perfectly capable of functioning independently . 
  over history the number of independent polities has continuously increased since around ww1 . 
  this happened primarily because of a decline in the willingness to use force to impose order upon others . 
  why would this trend reverse ? 
   my first prediction is that in the medium to long term , there will be more integration of european foreign policy , and even of security and defense . 
  not before enormous pain , and much national resistance . 
  but if europeans are not suicidal then this will come . 
  so poles and hungarians are supposed to surrender their independence because of some nebulous threat forseen by the west ? 
  how is this better than suicide ? 
   incredibly lucky for the low , low levels of terrorism towards the west resulting from its actions . 
  this is equivalent to saying that europe deserves more terrorism . 
   efforts to manage the refugee emergency are failing as more countries tighten border security , a trend he says could unravel unity in the bloc . 
  opinions on how to deal with this are far too diverse for an united response . 
  countries should make their own decisions about how to deal with this and cooperate outside eu institutions . 
  all an eu push for common policy can do is further hurt relations between members . 
  the eu should stop getting involved . 
  tl ; dr : if we let them all in they will eventually assimilate and turn into western liberals . 
  facts do not seem to support this , look at france . 
  the amount of illiberal arrogance in this is also quite shocking .
