  `` economic development '' means neo-colonialism . 
  extracting resources properly owned by the the locals is evil . 
  `` education '' means cultural imperialism . 
  pushing decadent western filth and destroying local culture . 
  i see serbians are still butthurt about the yugoslav wars . 
  do n't worry , some syrian immigrants will fix you right up . 
  and destroy the german nation in the process . 
  i do n't think money can solve this problem . 
  if the greeks attempt to send these people back to turkey then the media will scream murder . 
  europe has lost the will to protect it 's borders . 
   the germans should break away from the image of a nation that is homogeneous and in which almost all people have german as their native language and are predominantly christian and caucasian germany is not going to be german anymore , and if you oppose this you are a nazi . 
  people claim that immigration is a solution to europe 's shrinking population . 
  how is that different from what i said ? 
  italy does n't really have a choice . 
  if they refuse to cooperate with rescue efforts they will be labelled as monsters . 
  he just wants them to move through serbia and become somebody else 's problem . 
   also , last time i checked , most muslims in germany were just as ( un ) happy as the rest of the germans . 
  turks arrived in germany largely as guests and have no historical enmity with the germans . 
  but look at france where the muslims come from former colonies where they used to be treated as second-class citizens . 
   wait , why would they blame the west for the syrian uprising and the chaos that started ? 
  if anything , iraqis can blame the west . 
  or syrians can blame the west for not sending help . 
  there are plenty of westerners who will blame everything bad that happens in the middle east on colonialism and whatnot . 
  just read the guardian . 
  they will find plenty of muslims who will listen to this preaching . 
  the context in which the west acted is probably not very important when your home is destroyed . 
   i think they have gotten their fair share of religious extremism / opressive government / violence to know that either of those are not really the way to go . 
  syria was opressive but relatively stable until it collapsed among western meddling . 
  this view is not entirely accurate but largely true . 
  do you really think syrians are more likely to blame their own long-humiliated culture instead of the outsiders ? 
  replace the shrinking native population . 
  it sounds like a far-right conspiracy theory but you will find plenty of leftists on this forum who will agree . 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  europe already has very large numbers of unhappy muslims . 
  do you really think these new arrivals will integrate any better ? 
  they are refugees from a war which they blame on `` the west '' . 
  why would they ever accept it 's values ? 
  many people want to believe that these new arrivals will in time become nice secular liberals just like them . 
  i wish i could believe that too . 
  the left is criticized for not defending freedom of speech enough , yet here is corbyn defending the right of a mp to advocate for ethnic cleansing . 
  perhaps he should be applauded for helping introduce new potential solutions into uk political debates ? 
  tl ; dr : we would n't force you if just obeyed . 
   estonia is too small to play a significant role in the world , the soviet union needs to stick together . 
   the eastern block needs to stick together . 
  fragmenting wo n't do any of us any favours . 
  that is a generic argument that you can make in favor of pretty much every empire confronted by separatism . 
  you need to argue that the eu with the uk inside it would wield greater influence in a way that the uk also approves of . 
  but the eu 's most notable recent activities are pushing greece into depression and forcing a resettlement program on eastern europe . 
  the uk was not involved in this because it previously negotiated opt-outs , opt-outs which are largely popular . 
  should the uk really help an organization that forces german policies on others , policies that the uk would not want for itself ? 
  or would it be better to just opt-out of the whole bloody mess ? 
  one of the concepts that used to be unambiguously `` on the right side of history '' is the principle of self-determination of peoples . 
  but the eu has lately taken a sharp turn against this principle . 
  it seems to me that euro-federalists are aligned more with the central powers of ww1 than the allies and that they would have gladly fought to keep the austro-hungarian , german and ottoman empires together at all costs . 
  after all multiculturalism is superior and people like the czechs or polish could never govern themselves properly anyway . 
  so , what if you 're a non-religious french-algerian girl ? 
  there is a process here . 
  and the process gives the eu too much power rather than too little . 
  it 's not that national government are failing to work together , they are actively opposing each other . 
  the eu has plenty of power over the refugee situation and was able to push through mandatory resettlement against the will of member states . 
  that power must be taken away at all costs . 
  you do realize that most of these medieval christianizations were top-down forced mass conversions ? 
  this kind of stuff would be considered a major human rights violation today . 
  you are either a troll or have a sick love of totalitarianism . 
  because in the name of `` progress '' you can justify all sorts of evil power fantasies . 
  like the good old days !, 
  but the reason this is happening is because political parties get some funding relative to the number of seat they win , right ? 
  this sort of stuff happens automatically as a consequence of elections and does not imply that the eu is supportive of their goals . 
  this seems like a bit of manufactured outrange for people who are not aware that political parties can get money this way . 
  also , did you know despite being euroskeptic nigel farage is * literally * working for the eu ? 
  he literally gets a paycheck from them , as a consequence of being elected as mep . 
  it looks like the french are [ up to no good again ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/76/cruikshank_-_the_radical%27s_arms.png ) . 
  rabble indeed . 
  i think that the best way to interpret people staying at home is that they are satisfied with a decision taken by people who actually vote . 
  if they 're not happy with this interpretation they should go out and vote . 
   elections are a necessary evil to prevent tyranny my understanding is that a lot of people voted against this as a general vote against eu policy rather than any concerns about the ukraine situation . 
  if it turns out that enough people came to vote it could be regarded as a valid effort to `` prevent tyranny '' . 
  the job of `` driver '' is one of the most common in the world . 
  mass unemployment here we come !, 
   it 's a hopelessly complex topic that your average citizen ca n't hope to give a proper verdict about . 
  lots of topics are even more complicated . 
  we should stop bothering with this democracy business and let an oligarchy rule us for the benefit of all . 
  it 's not at clear why it would be fairer that the current system . 
  i think the point would be to get companies to pay more taxes in countries where they otherwise just sell products . 
  and if a rule like what you 're proposing would be enacted in the eu it would be a major competitive disadvantage against countries such as india . 
  oh come on , enough with the `` iranians are openminded meme '' . 
  it 's getting ridiculous . 
  air crew from any country would object to `` wearing bikinis '' . 
  this idea might sound good but i do n't think it 's straightforward to implement . 
  there are many companies which sell world-wide but only have cost centers in a few countries . 
  is apple supposed to claim that all of it 's sales in belgium are pure profit and run up a huge loss in california ? 
  the current model where they optimize in favor of the country with the lowest tax rate is not good either but changing it would require very complicated treaties . 
  the benefits of the union are not worth putting up with germany 's demands . 
   i 'd love if you could actually refute the points in the article , rather than simply attack the nationality of the author . 
  he 's not really attacking the nationality of the author , merely pointing out that the likes of belgium and canada are not facing comparable problems . 
   therefore vote now to leave the union , and it will make belgium and other member states to share the confidential information with countries outside of the eu ? 
  the argument is that if the uk was outside the eu it would have better control over it 's borders and security . 
  it 's current opt-outs are working very well for britain , so why not extend them ? 
  it 's not at all clear that belgium should be less willing to share information about counter-terrorism with the uk if it is outside the eu . 
  this information should definitely be shared with countries like the us and turkey .
