  we 're too busy calling orban a nazi for attempting to enforce borders . 
   a few thousand refugees are we still hiding behind the small numbers ? 
  eu officials have acknowledged that the proposed resettlement quotas are just a drop in the bucket . 
  this strongly implies that mandatory quotas would be applied to ever increasing numbers , and the possible applicants number in the millions . 
   that 's flat out , ridiculous . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  here is a quote from the [ wikipedia article on tibey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tibet_autonomous_region ) :  some ethnic tibetans claim that , with the 2006 completion of the qingzang railway connecting the tar to qinghai province , there has been an `` acceleration '' of han migration into the region . 
  the central tibetan administration of the dalai lama claims that the prc has actively swamped tibet with migrants in order to alter tibet 's demographic makeup . 
  apparently the dalai lama wants to keep tibet as a region being inhabited mostly by tibetans ( currently 90 % + ) in order to defend the unique culture of the region from becoming just like the rest of china . 
  but when orban claims that he wants to preserve hungarian christian culture by stopping immigration by muslims he is branded a nazi ? 
  i spot a double standard here . 
    what germany is doing is offering full resettlement  well , we did not . 
  we simply offered processing their asylum requests . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  countries like germany and sweden apparently also participate in [ unhcr resettlement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugee_resettlement#resettlement ) . 
  do syrians who cross the border from austria receive substantially less benefits than the people who are selected and flown from places like somalia ? 
   it was understood differently , but it was n't what we said maybe you should teach more people german . 
  the `` right to asylum '' is not the same as the `` right to live in germany '' . 
  as long as people are safe and have their basic needs met camps on the borders are perfectly adequate . 
  i think there is a confusion between `` refuge '' and `` resettlement '' . 
  what germany is doing is offering full resettlement to anyone who claims to be from syria and sets foot on their soil . 
  this is obviously unfeasible is what caused all of these people to risk their lives . 
  what it should do is imitate the uk : fund camps close to the conflict area and only provide resettlement to a limited number of people . 
  i think that this plan makes vastly more sense than the `` mandatory quota '' idiocy because it can actually stop the flow . 
  i expect that passing it will be very difficult . 
  welcome to europe !, 
  most of the videos posted here come without any context and just contain people screaming . 
  this only helps fan the flames of hate without adding any new information or inciting useful discussion . 
   she just decided that we would suspend dublin iii for syrian refugees only to relief the highly pressured first-contact nations of the brunt of the influx . 
  so basically anybody who from syria is welcome to come over to germany no matter how many borders they force their way through . 
  the effect is still to encourage more people to come . 
  as far as i know the uk , denmark and ireland have an opt-out and probably do n't get a vote . 
  can somebody confirm that ? 
  it 's difficult to guess how ministers are going to vote . 
  i 've seen several instances where the english media has ` spun ' public declarations to seem more pro-quotas than they actually were . 
  the words `` kampf '' and `` jihad '' are similar and both mean `` struggle '' . 
  if sweden and germany cared about `` following the rules '' then they should stop rewarding people for breaking the law . 
  stupid asylum-granting policy is what causes people to cross borders illegally . 
  we should adopt an eu-wide rule which states that a refugee must seek protection in the state in which he/she first entered `` safe territory '' after fleeing from his/her home country . 
  this would be a variant of the [ 1993 german compromise ] ( http://www.bamf.de/en/migration/asylfluechtlinge/asylverfahren/entwicklungasylrecht/asylkompromiss/asylkompromiss-node.html ) applied to the entire eu . 
  anyone who attempts to reach another safe country should be considered an economic migrant and immediately deported back to the camps on the syrian border . 
  we could probably do that by paying turkey the money needed to take care of the refugees . 
   links to an article about depression , not to what the title says . 
  no it does n't . 
  this is just typical far-left garbage . 
  i do n't know why i bother responding . 
  people are fleeing from dictatorship and religious conflict towards the capitalist countries of the west . 
  this happens because free-market liberal democracy is the best form of government known . 
   it has been shown ... that , overall , immigration has a positive effect on the society that 's debatable but beside the point . 
  what changed is that the eu commission proposes mandatory resettlement quotas against the will of several governments . 
  this is an abuse of authority . 
  claiming that `` immigration is good for you '' does not change this . 
  sovereign states get to make their own decisions . 
  the eu should not have even attempted to force quotas on it 's members . 
  can you point out exactly what i said that is false ? 
   have you read the plan the government published ? 
  heard merkels statement today ? 
  according to english-speaking media germany is willing to accept immigrants in their hundreds of thousands . 
  i do n't speak any german so i ca n't point to exact statements made by german politicians . 
  it 's possible that a lot of nuance is lost in translation . 
  i certainly hope that there is a lot more disagreement and debate in germany behind the messages of #refugeeswelcome . 
  the [ official proposal ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5596_en.htm ) for dealing with the crisis asks for mandatory redistribution despite multiple countries opposing it . 
  this is * extremely * controversial and probably the most divisive action undertaken by the eu so far . 
  not just dangerous but criminally naive . 
  opinions change when facts change . 
  fact is that germany has come out strongly in favor of accepting migrants and is attempting to force other countries to accept them as well . 
  the eu has never been so sharply divided on an issue , not even on the greek bailouts . 
   they are ethnically the same as some of the people who are streaming into europe . 
  you mean pakistanis ? 
  are n't muslim pakistanis among the worst integrated in the uk ? 
  remember how the germans and russia invaded poland ? 
  now take these refugees or face the consequences . 
  us-born non-hispanic whites are a relevant group for comparison . 
  after all , this is the group people that trump is primarily trying to appeal to when complaining about immigrant crime . 
  native-born blacks are specifically excluded because it would make it too easy to get immigrants to look good . 
  relevant quote :  white men born in america are twice as likely to end up in prison as men born abroad , while american-born black men are many times more likely to land in jail than their immigrant counterparts . 
  hungary is landlocked . 
  i think all illegal entrants should be dumped on the austrian border and a bill sent to merkel to pay for the transport . 
   the impression that immigrants are more likely to be criminal is misguided by `` crime tourists '' who do n't live in germany . 
  gangs from eastern europe that come here to steal stuff , etc. 
  how is this `` misguided '' ? 
  people complain that open borders increase crime . 
  the fact that criminals quickly jump back over the border does not refute this complaint . 
  this seems to be different in the us . 
  there 's a good [ recent article ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2015/07/immigration-and-crime ) in the economist about this . 
  apparently first generation illegal immigrants in the us are actually less likely to commit crimes than native whites . 
  this effect does not apply to the second generation . 
  the likely explanation is that when migrants get arrested for even minor offenses law enforcement notices their illegal status and deports them . 
  this forces them to do their best to `` stay below the radar '' . 
  since the second generation automatically gains citizenship in the us this no longer applies . 
   `` hungary respects the muslim community living here but does not wants its share in the population to grow suddenly and radically due to external influences '' , he said . 
  well said, 
  yes , obviously . 
  this also requires recognition of the scale of the problem and the fact the the number of people that can be resettled is limited . 
  stop pretending that redistributing 160k is more than a drop in the bucket . 
   an obvious solution would be collecting refugees inside the eu borders and bring them to central , guarded facilities but people are dying crossing from turkey to lesbos , a few kilometers away . 
  processing people on lesbos would just encourage more to attempt the trip . 
  why not process them in turkey ? 
  if you allow people to request asylum via embassies and give them equal changes compared to those that apply in person then there would no longer be any incentive to cross illegally . 
  this requires actually deporting people who arrive illegally back to the camps as well as a honest recognition of the limited numbers that a democratic country can resettle .
