  that 's simply not true . 
  there are plenty of examples of major nato members ( uk , france , germany , turkey ) not participating or outright refusing to help with recent us interventions in iraq , libya and syria . 
  nobody really minds , what is expected instead is negotiation and independent decisions . 
  what would happen if ( for example ) poland refused to participate in an eu-led intervention in mali requested by france ? 
  expected by who ? 
  this is so vague that it does n't mean anything . 
   in terms of control , if germany has insufficient control over nato , then most other eu countries have even less control . 
  so an eu army would be a net benefit for everyone in that regard . 
  but nato is purely a defensive alliance . 
  a common eu army would be an entirely different beast and could presumably be used in other sorts of interventions . 
  presumably this would be done as directed by eu institutions but those are not particularly responsive to democratic controls . 
  in practice such an army would be de-facto controlled by germany . 
  i do n't see how this would benefit the smaller countries at all . 
  we have no messianic impulses and a strictly defensive arrangement is preferable . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  we have nato as a defensive alliance and that is all we need . 
  the problem is the same as with the common border policing force . 
  the eu has repeatedly proven that it does n't respect it 's smaller members . 
  therefore it * must not be trusted * with any further authority , especially not in security matters . 
   `` if you stay in turkey for 2-3 years , ( a country that itself ) is free from war , should you then be allowed to head on to europe and seek asylum ? 
  today the rules say yes , but we need to discuss that , '' rasmussen said . 
  this is precisely the problem , but it 's not clear that this is a problem with the geneva convention itself as much as with the eu 's excessively open interpretation . 
  alternative interpretations are possible . 
  for example germany in the early 90s modified their law to refuse asylum to anyone who passed through a safe country . 
  if i recall correctly hungary has also recently adopted a similar law for itself and is rapidly denying asylum to people who cross from `` safe countries '' . 
  a better system could be established by clarifying a few simple rules : * neighbors are obligated to provide asylum ( with international help ) . 
  * countries further afield can voluntarily accept refugee resettlement ( like the us , uk and canada ) . 
  * the eu is not a country and can not make such a decision for it 's members . 
  last time i checked germany does n't actually border turkey or iraq or syria . 
  this conflict was imported from pretty far away . 
  i bet historically most of `` the wealthy '' just spent their inherited money just drinking and whoring . 
  what was wrong was her response . 
  she encouraged more people to come and made the crisis * worse * . 
  cecil rhodes would approve . 
  fuck the frogs !, 
   would people still get out of bed each day and go to work or do something else productive even with that unconditional basic income of 1,000 euros not me, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  this is an internal separatist conflict inside turkey . 
  there are probably hunders of similar conflicts around the world . 
  this crap has nothing to do with europe or germany . 
  she is also the person most responsible for aggravating the crisis . 
   perhaps eastern europe is more like russia than like western europe . 
  but it 's obviously true that eastern europe is more like russia than the west . 
  after the cold war ended most of the nations in eastern europe decided by fairly large majorities to get closer to the west in order to get away from our former imperial master . 
  this is because western liberal capitalism presents a far more successful and desirable social model than soviet style communism . 
  even russia has adopted capitalism , poorly . 
  now that we are part of the eu we are being asked to accept large number of muslim migrants , something that has had mostly negative consequences in countries like france . 
  this is a negative model and we should not copy your mistakes . 
  we should explicitly reject this , and if that makes western hippies angry then so be it . 
   it presents this idea that it is trying to deter people from partaking in violent activities and joining certain groups but in reality what we 've found is that it 's the state 's attempt to control dissent and political self-organisation . 
  this notion of extremism is so vague that anything can fall under it . 
  i have to agree with this . 
  the idea that the government should monitor the population for signs of `` extremism '' and then give the suspects a stern talking-to is pure totalitarianism . 
  i think it 's far more likely to cause the opposite of the intended effect . 
  that does n't actually look terribly concentrated at all . 
  many other business sectors looks similar and some are far less competitive . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read in a long time . 
  please forgive the slight editorialization but i think the symmetry with [ this story ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xxf71/polands_new_government_seeks_to_bring_media_into/ ) on the front page is very amusing . 
  as far as i can tell this `` plan '' goes significantly beyond appointing a different people to manage the bbc . 
  it seems to me that they would like to take over private media sources which they consider hostile :  i think the media 's attitude towards the labour party and our campaign has been horrendous . 
   we are developing a media policy which would be about * breaking up single ownership of too many sources * of information . 
  the problem with this approach is how do you decide what is a fundamental inalienable right and what is n't ? 
  i think explicitly listing all such rights in the constitution and requiring amendments to change the list is a good and fair way to deal with this . 
  it 's rather silly to claim that it 's wrong to `` leave the rights of minorities to the will of the majority '' when this is 100 % what happened here . 
  a majority of elected greek mps approved this . 
  asking for a direct vote instead is not very much different . 
  in the us this was decided by the supreme court but at a time when a majority of citizens approved of it in polls . 
  you can pretend that it was done respecting some sort of fundamental principles about minority rights but that 's not really what happened . 
  what happened is that the will of the majority changed and it carried with it the will of the majority of the scotus . 
  it 's a nice way to pretend that you 're an actual independent country that can make important decisions on it 's own . 
  merkel and junker should give you a pat on the head . 
  you deserve it . 
  it 's a nice way to pretend that they 're an actual government of an independent country that can make important decisions on it 's own . 
  merkel and junker should give them a pat on the head . 
  of course not . 
  demonizing others is bad except when we are doing it because those other guys really are evil . 
   abomination , kuffar , defiant against god , whatever term they use just like fundamentalist , extremist , nationalist , racist , bigot ? 
  is n't it a bit excessive to claim that `` the government seeks to bring media into line '' when it 's just the government exercising control over government-owned media ? 
  personally i think the best way to avoid such issues is for publicly-owned media to be fully privatized . 
   the previous administration touched off the fight over the constitutional tribunal by improperly trying to install its own nominees at the end of its term . 
  however , law and justice and its leader , jaroslaw kaczynski , crossed a line in not accepting the high court 's ruling , which validated three of the five previous court appointments . 
  if this scandal was started by actions of the previous administration is it really the current government that `` crossed the line '' ? 
  it seems like they crossed at most 3/5 of it . 
  the us recently tightened visa requirements for citizens of eu countries , maybe that 's what happened ? 
  the us should provide an explanation . 
  it could also be some no-fly-list nonsense . 
  that stuff is just insane . 
   needless to say , it is extremely dangerous to create an environment where a segment of population begins to feel completely disenfranchised from the state . 
  i agree . 
  repeatedly telling a segment of your population that they 're hated and oppressed makes them feel disenfranchised . 
  or telling citizens who disagree with their government 's immigration policy that they 're somehow `` non-german '' . 
  that might make them suspicious too . 
  divisiveness is a wonderful tool . 
  you do know that donald trump is not president yet ? 
  whatever happened is 100 % the responsibility of the obama administration . 
   boutin 's like dieudonn\u00e9 , she 's playing with words to imply the unacceptable while staying on the legal side of things , and does so on a routine basis . 
  and both of them should be protected by freedom of speech . 
  france is a shit country . 
  it 's a shit country precisely because of laws on hate speech . 
  such laws are not only illiberal but also harmful on pragmatic grounds .
