  everybody who crosses illegally from turkey to greece should be sent back . 
  look at his other posts . 
  he 's just trolling for an angry reaction . 
   but something must be done now . 
  that 's a very dumb reason to do anything, 
  he 's quite right . 
  germany encourages those people to come and it 's germany 's responsibility to deal with them . 
   germany would not be pushing for quotas if they wanted to accept all syrians now would they ? 
  their wish is to help all syrians . 
  german government officials has publicly declared that `` there can be no upper limit '' to the number of refugees . 
  germany is pushing for quotas because they want to offload the refugees to the rest of the eu . 
  they want the refugees to be helped , but they know they ca n't actually do it . 
  they are unable to enforce the law because germany is encouraging people to move through . 
  this is not a matter of shared responsibility . 
  germany wants to offer asylum to all syrians despite the fact that it does not have the resources to do so . 
  overwhelmed by the number of potential applicants it demands that the rest of the eu join it in it 's mad policy . 
  eastern europe should refuse to participate and germany should limit it 's generosity to it 's own resources . 
   if i was living in germany i 'd be furious , you ca n't sustain 800,000 new refugees . 
  according to german media this makes you an evil nazi . 
  germany has basically offered to accept all syrian who reaches it 's soil , no matter how many otherwise safe countries they passed through . 
  this encourages people to flout the law and riot their way through . 
  this situation is germany 's fault to a very great extent . 
  the czech republic and hungary are just caught in the middle . 
  the key element is this :  foreigners entering via safe third states in which they are not persecuted but can find protection do not have a right to asylum . 
  this does not seem to be part of current policy . 
  otherwise anyone who has ever set foot in turkey or any other safe country would be denied asylum in germany . 
  this is a very harsh right-wing argument for immigration . 
  it basically asks people with low skills to deal with increased competition by `` working harder '' . 
  many people vote for left-wing parties in order to gain better social protection . 
  this usually includes labor laws making it harder to fire people and generous safety nets . 
  limiting competition from free trade and migrants is also a reasonable expectation . 
  the modern left seems to care more about internationalism that actually protecting the interests of its ' voters . 
  this is what results in voters moving from labour to ukip or from the french socialists to fn . 
  it worked for germany then , it can work for the eu as a whole now . 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/germany-regularize-tolerated-asylum-seekers ) has a graph of asylum applications over time and a massive drop is seen in 1993 . 
  for the syrian crisis in particular the first safe country would be mostly turkey . 
  turkey is quite large , not particularly poor and overwhelmingly muslim . 
  that last point makes it better suited to assimilate refugees than anywhere in the eu . 
  if germany wants to help it should fund the refugee camps in turkey . 
  that money would help many more people . 
  if the eu wants to continue existing it should drop the refugee distribution idea . 
  estonia had to deal with a policy of deliberate russian settlement while part of the soviet union . 
  now it has to deal with deliberate muslim settlement while part of the european union . 
  at some point eastern european countries as a whole need to carefully consider if eu membership is a good deal after all . 
   continue to help those who make it to our borders because they are desperate human beings no . 
  what this does is encourage more people to risk their lives on the journey . 
  we should send them back and fund refugee camps near the syrian-turkish border instead . 
   develop a common european refugee settlement policy absolutely not . 
  europe already has large poorly-integrated muslim minorities . 
  accepting more refugees will just make this problem worse . 
  when we joined the eu a `` settlement policy '' for islamic migrants was not part of the deal . 
  we should prevent this at all costs , even if it results in breaking the union . 
   so what you 're saying is : survival of the fittest . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  the fact that german asylum policy encourages people to risk their lives is a * bad * thing . 
  they should either restrict the right to asylum or start providing direct transport from the middle east and deal with the millions of applicants . 
   the shelter was originally intended to house 300 refugees a month , but by summer 1992 it was averaging 11,500 refugees per month . 
  ** primarily roma from romania ** while romania in the 1990s was really really bad this was mostly just due to poverty . 
  they should not have qualified for refugee status . 
  under the dublin rules the first * eu * country is responsible . 
  my understanding is that under this older principle turkey would also be considered safe . 
  then it must be just a coincidence that the same couple of pictures are plastered everywhere . 
  downvote away . 
   tricked please explain how the smugglers are `` tricking '' them . 
  refugees who reach germany do actually receive the full protection of one of the world 's healthiest states . 
  i think that this is a calculated risk , and german policy is encouraging people to take this risk . 
  it seems that there is a deliberate effort to use photos of dead children to get european nations to surrender their borders to mass immigration from the muslim world . 
  countries like germany and sweden want to offer generous asylum policies but are not actually willing to offer transport . 
  this is because they know that they ca n't actually integrate all the people who are willing to abandon syria for good . 
  the long and dangerous trip from the middle east to germany serves to limit the number of refugees that have to be accepted . 
  it also leads to tragedies like this . 
  these people died because german asylum policy encouraged them to risk their lives . 
  they were safe in turkey . 
  they should have stayed there . 
   `` that 's not an issue related to how many refugees we take in . 
  rather it 's about failures of integration . '', 
  actually it is exactly because of how many refugees you take in . 
  people are vastly underestimating how difficult it is to integrate people which come from a completely different culture . 
  when riots happen they blame racism and discrimination when they should be blaming their own excessive optimism instead . 
   `` integration is an impossible project , particularly with levels of immigration we have now , '' akesson said . 
  now here is some sanity . 
  from the swedish democrats . 
  what about the guardian ? 
  they are 100 % pro-immigration and they are huge . 
   couple days ago a poll has been made public . 
  what it basically said is that we feel sorry for them , but fuck them . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   reddit does n't represent the majority . 
  of course not . 
  but neither do your coworkers . 
  or the media . 
  i think the media is actively working to make it socially unacceptable to express anti-immigrant views , muddling the situation further . 
  i think the real backlash will be noticed in the boost to anti-immigrant and eurosceptic parties at the next election . 
  confiscation of private property and forced demographic transfer ? 
  stalin would be very proud of you !, 
  by that logic all 4 million syrian refugees have the right to live in germany . 
  good luck with that . 
  german-language propaganda must be very high quality to get so many people to agree with this insanity . 
  they are not victims for smugglers . 
  they are * customers * .
