   youn\u00e8s claims he has renounced jihad but is convinced that `` islamic ideology and islam will one day dominate the world . '' he also says he has no regrets about his time in syria . 
  wonderful . 
  he makes some good concrete arguments in favor of the uk remaining in the eu . 
   first , geopolitics . 
  undoubtedly , the destabilisation of the eu is a foreign policy priority for the russian president . 
  a british exit would weaken europe militarily and politically . 
  true , but the uk would remain a nato member . 
   second , much-needed eu sanctions against russia are more likely to be dropped if britain left . 
  the uk has , correctly in my view , been one of the strongest advocates in the european council for tough sanctions against russia . 
  this is a very good point . 
  brexit would remove the uk 's ability to advocate for sanctions . 
   a third reason why putin would relish a british exit from the eu is because britain has strongly supported an independent european energy strategy . 
  it is economically and strategically vital for putin that eu countries remain reliant on russia 's vast supplies of gas and oil . 
  via the state-owned gas company gazprom , moscow continues to channel millions of dollars to lobbyists across europe , who are paid to obstruct and impede plans spearheaded by the european commission for a so called `` energy union '' , the main purpose of which is to boost independence from russian gas . 
  it 's not clear just how important uk 's support is here . 
   a third is between a socially liberal west and an increasingly autocratic east . 
  this is really rather nonsensical . 
  [ autocracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autocracy ) and [ social liberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_liberalism ) are not opposites or even mutually exclusive . 
  for example the shah of iran was more socially liberal that what followed after his overthrow but still an autocrat . 
  furthermore both fidesz in hungary in law and justice in poland won free and fair elections and did so with a greater proportion of voters than some leaders in the west . 
  nobody even tries to claim that democracy is in some way threatened outside of these two . 
  i think that all that 's happening here is an attempt at delegitimizing a couple of moderately euroskeptic governments . 
   it should n't come as a surprise that people in the \u00d6resund region object to what is widely seen as a decision made from the perspective of the swedish capital . 
  since 23 december 2015 more than 22,000 people have `` liked '' a facebook page called `` the \u00d6resund revolution '' . 
  the government moved a step closer to a political precipice by pushing though this law with the support of the rightwing populist party sverigedemokraterna . 
  even worse , the government never sought a regional dialogue . 
  nobody came to the south of sweden to speak with us or explain why our freedoms are worth less than the alleged safety of the nation . 
  this is hilarious . 
  time for scanian independence from the racists in stockholm ? 
   it should n't come as a surprise that people in the \u00d6resund region object to what is widely seen as a decision made from the perspective of the swedish capital . 
  since 23 december 2015 more than 22,000 people have `` liked '' a facebook page called `` the \u00d6resund revolution '' . 
  the government moved a step closer to a political precipice by pushing though this law with the support of the rightwing populist party sverigedemokraterna . 
  even worse , the government never sought a regional dialogue . 
  nobody came to the south of sweden to speak with us or explain why our freedoms are worth less than the alleged safety of the nation . 
  this is hilarious . 
  time for scanian independence from the racists in stockholm ? 
   if only the muslim world could open its eyes , and realize the only way to solve the shia/sunnii conflict is to separate religion and political power . 
  maybe france could help open their eyes to the wonders of secularism . 
  like in algeria . 
   most western countries have friendly ties to ksa but hostile or tense relations with iran . 
  that 's an alliance inherited from the time of fdr . 
  there is little actual friendship but the alliance continues for pragmatic reasons . 
   holding your friends to a higher standard than your enemies is not an unreasonable thing to ask . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  employing double standards like that is an excellent way to lose friends . 
  that is probably the best result that can be obtained by putting pressure on the ksa . 
  they are not really going to change their policies . 
  the worst that could happen is for the ksa to collapse . 
  when it does it 's almost guaranteed to collapse into a syria-style jihadi mess . 
   as a french i also wonder why are all these people desperate on going to the uk . 
  probably because the uk has less than half of france 's unemployment ? 
  they 're fleeing to escape socialism . 
  lowest unemployment rate in the eu ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:unemployment_rates,_seasonally_adjusted,_october_2015.png ) ) . 
  i doubt it can go much lower . 
   saudis look like they went out of their way to flip iranians . 
  really ? 
  it was the iranians who burned down the saudi embassy . 
  and iran has been meddling using its various shia proxies wherever possible . 
  it also happens to [ execute more people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_by_country#numbers_executed_in_2014 ) that the saudis or almost everybody else . 
  there are no good guys here . 
  it 's very important to note that is this not just a conflict between two random states but between the strongest sunni and shia powers . 
  they must be encouraged to reconcile above all else . 
  picking sides in a sectarian conflict is one of the worst things the west could do . 
   direct them on how to/where to find jobs . 
  that would actually be germany itself . 
  it has been at more or less full employment for a while . 
  not accurate on the border between hungary and romania . 
  plans were made but afaik nothing happened because the route went through croatia and then slovenia instead . 
   the french are under no legal obligation to accept him why not ? 
  i 'd say their obligation should be at least equal to that of the uk . 
  furthermore it would be in france 's interest to accept this . 
  it would prevent camps of people sitting in legal limbo like at calais . 
  he crossed illegally from france , a country that is mostly peaceful and secure . 
  the only way to prevent this kind of stuff is to send him back to france . 
   the 2000 iteration of the national security agenda spelled out putin 's plan to strengthen central power , the state in all its soviet and czarist glory . 
  the 2015 iteration is a declaration of isolationist , defensive intentions . 
  there is not a glimmer of hope that putin plans to fight russia 's economic woes by making his country more accessible to foreign capital or deepening its integration into global markets ; no , he plans to keep moving in the opposite direction . 
  this is not what [ isolationism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isolationism ) usually means . 
  from wikipedia :  isolationism is a category of foreign policies institutionalized by leaders who asserted that their nations ' best interests were best served by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance . 
  one possible motivation for limiting international involvement is to * avoid being drawn into dangerous and otherwise undesirable conflicts * . 
  this is absolutely incompatible with the russian interventions in syria and ukraine . 
  the rest of the world can ( and does ) help , including by volunteering to resettle some of the refugees . 
  what we have now is a system that encourages people to cross the aegean and half of europe ( some of them dying en-route ) as the best way to get asylum in germany . 
  i think that 's it 's fair to criticize the response of french security force . 
  charlie hebdo was known to be under threat and was being supposedly guarded . 
  yet people with known links to terrorism were able to just march in and carry out a massacre . 
  how can you let this happen ? 
  i 'm absolutely not a fan of surveillance and an expanded security state but this is not the only issue here . 
  france seems to have trouble guarding against threats which are already known . 
   but mr. hollande wants to go further , and [ ... ] and make it possible to strip french-born dual nationals convicted of terrorism-related crimes of their french citizenship . 
   the majority of the more than three million french-born dual nationals hold their second citizenship in a muslim majority country where one or both of their parents were born . 
  in effect , the * citizenship amendment is aimed at french-born muslims * . 
  this is downright malicious spin . 
  this would only apply to people ** convicted of terrorism ** . 
  i think that withdrawing citizenship is an extremely bad idea but it 's wrong to claim it somehow aims to hurt muslims as implied by the article . 
  avoiding a terrorism conviction is not terribly difficult . 
   since president fran\u00e7ois hollande of france declared a state of emergency after the terrorist attacks in paris on nov. 13 , more than 2,700 police raids have been carried out . 
  they have yielded very little that can be linked to terrorism , but have traumatized citizens and left havoc in their wake . 
   the majority of these raids have been on muslim homes , businesses , mosques and prayer rooms . 
  ethnic profiling by the police of france 's minorities -- condemned as discriminatory by a paris appeals court in june -- has returned with a vengeance are you sure it 's ethnic profiling ?
