  the lady in the video was an ukip candidate . 
  i think this is actually pretty good . 
   kaczy\u0144ski 's ministers have explicitly forbidden government institutions to advertise in the paper and cancelled subscriptions for government offices and courts i 'm not sure i understand the outrage here . 
  * why do government institutions need to advertise ? 
  it 's fishy that this even happens to any considerable extent . 
  advertising can be used as a way to pay off media outlets . 
  for example in romania there were [ some cases ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan_diaconescu#trial ) of media blackmail that went to court . 
  * why do government offices even subscribe to papers ? 
  if employees want to read they should buy their own . 
  but since the european parliament is extremely weak the main way voters get to influence the eu is through their national democracies . 
  this extra layer means that the eu is less responsive to voters concerns than every single government of a member state . 
  from what i understand ( poorly , through youtube caption translation ) their best examples are either not terribly impressive ( abolishing roaming charges ? ), 
  or they could also be achieved without ceding sovereignty . 
  for example the schengen agreement ( for what it 's still worth ) also has non-eu members . 
   yet at the same time we should also reject the eurosceptic view that britain should leave the eu , but stay within the single market . 
  i have a lot of respect for tory eurosceptics with a burkean view of the sovereignty of national parliaments . 
  the problem is that they also support staying in the single market . 
  this is an incoherent proposition : * it 's impossible to stay in the single market and keep your sovereignty * . 
  how so ? 
  abiding by common standards that facilitate trade does n't hurt sovereignty . 
   are you saying people are informed who repeat phrases like `` the anti-democratic european institutions '' ? 
  that would be laughable if not sad . 
  that 's the phrase yanis varoufakis used . 
  it 's in the fucking title . 
  are we now calling finance ministers `` uninformed '' ? 
  the fact that eu institutions are insufficiently responsive to voters has better argued in various forms from both the right and the left and there is a lot of validity to this criticism . 
  germany should face up to its anti-polish past . 
  and present . 
   now here 's an important piece of economic arithmetic . 
  for the whole world , current accounts must balance - a surplus in one is balanced by a deficit somewhere else . 
  it follows that the change from deficit to surplus in greece , portugal and the others must be reflected in a move in the opposite direction in other countries . 
   the obvious place to look for that is within the eurozone , to those countries that had surpluses ahead of the crisis . 
  that includes austria , finland and the netherlands . 
  but the really big one was , you might have guessed , germany . 
  so has germany 's surplus declined as the crisis countries adjusted ? 
  no , it has got bigger , from 5.6 % of gdp in 2010 to 8.5 % last year . 
   there has been an adjustment corresponding to the new surpluses in greece and others . 
  but it 's outside the eurozone . 
  in 2010 , the eurozone was more or less in balance with the rest of the world now it has a substantial surplus . 
  to put it the other way round , the rest of the world now has a hefty deficit with the eurozone . 
  it seems to me that this crisis the forced much of the rest of the eurozone to adopt germany 's economic model . 
  in the long run this could turn out pretty well . 
  germany is doing fine economically by exporting to other countries . 
  this could scale to the size of the whole eu becoming a constant large net exporter to the rest of world . 
  rather than `` dragging down '' the eurozone it is being `` dragged up '' to the german standard of efficiency . 
  this comes at a massive cost to democracy . 
  the political machinery of the eu is being used to force countries to adopt fiscal policies that they otherwise would n't and that the people would have never voted for . 
  this is most apparent in greece but other countries were also constrained by eurozone rules . 
  they just do n't protest is such a dramatic way . 
  this does n't imply any actual malfeasance from germany . 
  when somebody asks for help it 's only natural to give them advice based on what works for you . 
  for example when a small country comes to the imf for aid they 're forced to apply the [ washington consensus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/washington_consensus ) of liberalization and privatization . 
  it turns out that the germans are considerably harsher . 
  ca n't you just live with the imbalances , as long as your economy is otherwise growing ? 
  the biggest problem that greece has today is extremely high unemployment . 
  if they were outside the euro they could have devalued and been overall better off . 
  you would need to track even the smallest transactions in order to use this for surveillance . 
  most large transactions already imply a complex legal contract . 
  for example when you get a new house or car the government already gets notified in various ways . 
  if you spend a sum like 10000 $ and do n't want the government to know about it then you 're probably doing something shady . 
  not per-capita . 
  and is the voting power that the uk has in the eu worth putting up with the demands ? 
  i do n't think it does . 
  the eu as an institution is particularly unresponsive to the concern of it 's constituents . 
  unless perhaps if they 're german . 
  between membership of the eu and friendship with the us the latter is a vastly better deal . 
  this is nonsense . 
  the eu is far more intrusive that the us . 
  and the eu does n't merely offer advice , they make demands and expect them to be legally binding . 
  we are not england we are not france we dance in our underpants, 
  i am explicitly stating that ** it is acceptable ** . 
  using `` personal popularity '' to obtain desirable results is what most of political campaigning is about . 
  and extending this across borders is acceptable . 
  what platform ? 
  the president can go out an give a speech in washington whenever he feels like it . 
  the article does not seem to mention a special invitation to london to speak on this issue . 
  and even if it did i think it is ok for campaigns to get endorsements from foreign leaders if they think it 's helpful . 
  the principle of `` free speech '' should include the right for preeminent leaders to speak on areas outside their immediate responsibility . 
  mere advice does not violate any boundaries . 
  just like the good old soviet days !, 
  the fact that it is completely false ? 
  i think that it can be very useful for foreign leaders to occasionally offer advice on voting . 
  it should be obvious it is just an opinion with no legal standing . 
  if people listen to it then it 's their problem . 
  this is bullshit . 
  large cash transactions need to be regulated because there is a huge potential for criminality . 
  this does n't have to affect smaller transactions . 
  in general `` financial privacy '' is just a bad idea . 
   but was n't this always the case ? 
  in what times was it easy to raise children ? 
  it was easier when you could use them as unpaid farm labor . 
  this is a disgrace . 
  why are the french doing this ? 
  my guess is that this is hollande 's way of appearing `` tough '' . 
  however : * terrorism in france is not going away . 
  they will have to live with it for an extended period . 
  * most right-wingers will not be appeased by this and vote against him anyway . 
  i think the most lasting effect of this will be a further deterioration in the trust of minorities that france is willing to treat them fairly . 
  at least the `` patriot act '' was a piece of normal legislation . 
  abusing prolonged states of emergency reminds me of hitler 's enabling act more than anything else .
