  i 'm actually ok with this . 
  extending the welfare state to non-citizens is obviously a bad idea . 
  countries should try to accept only immigrants that make a significant net positive contribution . 
  great to see totalitarianism alive and well in germany . 
   the interior ministry said in a statement that the man had been under surveillance `` because of his radicalisation and public support for jihadist ideology '' i really wish we could roll back the surveillance powers of the state . 
  sadly cases like these show that it is simply not practical . 
   why does someone who committed acts of terrorism abroad have the right to return here ? 
  because they 're citizens ? 
  what you 're suggesting sounds awfully like making people stateless as a punishment . 
  this is very dubious . 
  it seems to me that people are project malthusian fears on what are basically civil wars inside muslim countries . 
  those wars are still fundamentally about how those countries should be governed rather than anything else . 
  it 's worth noting that countries like india have also experience massive population growth without instability or tyrannical measures, 
  support from some elements of the pakistani security establishment ! = support from a major power . 
   all that is happening is that a law that has been existent since forever is applied that 's a really dumb excuse : `` we 're just enforcing the law '' . 
  if you did not agree with the law you would change it . 
   the german government is doing nothing actually . 
  the executive branch is not technically involved in this but this is a meaningless distinction . 
  i 've changed by post to say `` state '' instead . 
  the german state is hounding this man for being insufficiently enthusiastic about censorship . 
  i am absolutely disgusted . 
  this is the sort of behavior you would expect from saudi arabia or china , not any eu member . 
   i 'd leave a shithole like that any day i could , and i bet most of this sub also would . 
  the west ca n't just accept anyone who does n't like their country of birth . 
  the logical conclusion of that would be to divide the world between `` civilization '' and `` ungovernable shitholes '' made up of terrorist barbarians . 
  this is not acceptable . 
  all inhabited places should have some form of legitimate peaceful government . 
  afghanistan is theoretically a democracy which is mostly aligned with and supported by the west . 
  there is no proxy war in afghanistan , the government is fighting islamist insurgents . 
  those insurgents are not supported by any major power . 
  it 's worth noting that we 'll have a parliamentary election in ~ 12 months . 
  our current parliament is very confused and is difficult to built a legitimate political coalition . 
  a technocratic goverment for 1 year seems decent . 
  it 's crazy to think that the top 3 parties from the last election no longer actually exist : * the last winner was the usl alliance , which has split into into components pnl and psd with it 's smaller allies . 
  these parties now oppose each other . 
  * the party on the second place ( pdl ) has since merged with pnl . 
  * the party on the third place ( pp-dd ) has dissolved and it 's mps went their separate ways . 
  the party leader is currently in prison for extortion . 
  the government . 
   the us has its laws , france has its ones . 
  i hope you understand why your values are not exactly mine and why a diversity of political systems is a good thing . 
  mkay . 
  but the us system is * better * . 
  this particular decision does n't actually protect anyone from hate . 
  it 's more likely to foster additional resentment against jews and against the french state . 
  it is wrong on free speech grounds and also pragmatically harmful . 
  are there any chances of the swedish government falling soon ? 
   the message of american pop culture was clear  even if there had never been osama bin laden , the oil companies and the governments of the west would have invented him . 
  for years , the american pop culture has worked to portray the arabs as `` beasts '' with dynamite and kalashnikov in hand and instill fear in the world . 
  this is complete garbage . 
  better than being merkeland 's swampiest province . 
  the new name should be litvia . 
  then you should convince estonia to rename themselves as letvia and poland should become lotvia and ukraine should become lutvia . 
  [ feel the bern !, 
  ] ( http://www.comandantecheguevara.org/sites/default/files/pictures/che_guevara-red.png ), 
   they pass from hungary [ not anymore ] ( http://www.police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/hatarinfo/elfogott-migransok-szama-lekerdezes?honap%5bvalue%5d%5byear%5d=2015&amp;honap%5bvalue%5d%5bmonth%5d=10 ), 
   the only solution to the migration crisis is giving the eu the ability to make these decisions decisively . 
  but such a decision would have to apply to countries with very divergent opinions like sweden and hungary . 
  whatever the decision is it is likely going to make a lot of people in one of those countries extremely angry . 
  it 's going to work as well as currency union between germany and greece . 
  the member states are currently not allowed to go their own way . 
  the most notable common policy is the mandatory redistribution of 120k refugees . 
  that policy is both unpopular and ineffective ( since the real numbers are far higher ) . 
  the only way out of this crisis is by accepting that countries have different approaches and that it is wrong to override them . 
  let hungary accept zero and let sweden accept however many they feel they can handle and keep the rest in camps next to the syrian border until the war is over . 
  it 's interesting to see that unlike in europe certain american cities want more refugees . 
  article from behind ( soft ) paywall : in common with colleagues across the rich world , the mayor of baltimore , stephanie rawlings-blake , worries about refugees sent to her city by federal officials -- a quota that this year , for the first time , may include hundreds of syrians . 
  less typically , a big anxiety for ms rawlings-blake is that too few refugees will settle in her home town . 
  baltimore , a once-thriving port and factory town , has lost a third of its population since 1950 , dropping to about 622,000 souls . 
  like other north-eastern cities , it has grappled with economic decline , shrinking tax rolls and the toxic legacy of race laws which corralled black residents in districts blighted by bad schools and crime . 
  urban-renewal projects have brought tourists and professionals back to some districts after decades of white flight . 
  but one of ms rawlings-blake 's favourite projects -- to attract 10,000 new families to baltimore -- remains a far-off dream . 
  in this section for more than a decade , maryland 's largest city has been used as an entry point for refugees , with federal agencies led by the state department sending 700-800 there each recent year from such troubled places as nepal , iraq and eritrea . 
  about two-thirds moved on after a few years , guided by networks of relatives and compatriots who built lives in other places . 
  the mayor wants more to stay put . 
  in september she joined 17 other mayors in commending president barack obama for his decision to admit at least 10,000 syrian refugees next year ( up from fewer than 2,000 this year ) , and urged him to accept still more . 
  she makes clear that welcoming outsiders is more than a question of charity . 
  refugees are an exceptionally `` resilient '' bunch . 
  `` they want a better life for them and their children , and they are willing to work for it , '' the mayor says . 
  in 2014 ms rawlings-blake set up a mayor 's office of immigrant and multicultural affairs , with the clout to rescue incomers from bureaucratic mazes : for instance , by telling city agencies that refugees may have good reasons to lack a birth certificate . 
  the city offers refugees special help with job training . 
  this year the international rescue committee ( irc ) , a charity paid by the government to help refugees settle in 26 american cities , launched a scheme to help clients buy homes in baltimore . 
  adote akwei , a human-rights activist from togo who sought asylum in 2005 , was one of the irc 's first homebuyers . 
  mr akwei is a human dynamo . 
  after years driving a taxi he is writing children 's books , working for a programme that teaches immigrants about recycling rubbish , and setting up a community group to improve relations between black americans and african incomers . 
  he has a patent pending on a new school-crossing sign ( it boasts lights and a buzzer ) . 
  to find his new home -- which lies on a quiet street in the gritty frankford neighbourhood -- mr akwei took free bus tours laid on by city hall , designed to show would-be residents overlooked corners of baltimore . 
  the city offered a grant towards his deposit , as it does to all qualifying incomers who promise to stay for at least five years . 
  after mr akwei showed a record of saving money , the irc , with funding from business and charitable foundations , offered a separate grant towards his transaction costs , as well as financial-literacy lessons . 
  in all , mr akwei received $ 16,000 to help buy his house , for which he paid $ 155,000 . 
  but cash is not the main lure for refugees who reach america . 
  the great gift is the immediate right to work , followed by a legal pathway to permanent residency and eventually citizenship . 
  actual welfare payments are small : a single adult refugee coming to baltimore may receive $ 1,125 from the federal government on arrival , then short-term state benefits of $ 288 a month . 
  those benefits , which include temporary health insurance , mostly stop after eight months . 
  refugees are even asked to repay loans covering their travel to america . 
  the message is `` hammered home '' that refugees must find jobs and pay their bills , says ruben chandrasekar , head of the irc 's baltimore office . 
  few need telling . 
  refugees `` know what it is like to lose a home '' , so rent is the first bill they pay , he notes . 
  they `` penny pinch '' to build up savings . 
  much talent goes to waste : refugees with advanced degrees work as car-park attendants or wheelchair-pushers at baltimore airport .
