  germany , and a few other core eu countries . 
   jailing her for four years for her isis membership and two years for encouraging acts of terror in messages she sent via social media i think that this is too little . 
  `` isis membership '' should be punished by death . 
   i do n't think we should stop them going to syria , we should stop them from coming back to europe that 's just horrible . 
  you are basically exporting terrorism and hoping it does n't bite you back . 
  this is the sort of stuff that people criticize saudi arabia for . 
   he was sentenced to 14 years in prison but was released in 2011 this is an excellent argument in favor of bringing back the death penalty . 
  but there is a [ post on the front page of this sub ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/43m1kn/muslim_extremists_campaign_of_lies_to_undermine/ ) right now where presumably sane people are screaming `` racism '' at the uk 's attempt to tackle homegrown terrorism . 
  i think it is practically impossible to seriously deal with domestic extremism without running into these issues . 
  nothing provides a better shot in life than the youth unemployment of [ spain ( 47 % ) ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/youth-unemployment-rate ) and [ italy ( 38 % ) ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/youth-unemployment-rate ) . 
  opportunities for everyone !, 
   basically you could stop all transfer payments immediately . 
  great , let 's do it . 
  this whole eu funds bullshit is not worth the political interference . 
   they revealed that the intelligence agents were hounding and harassing a guy who got so sick of it he went and joined isis and became jihadi john . 
  this is bullshit . 
  watching terrorist sympathizers is literally the government 's job . 
  since this guy decided to actually go join isis and behead people it proves that their suspicion was entirely correct . 
  no amount of so-called `` harassment '' can justify someone joining isis , not unless they are already strongly sympathizing with the terrorists . 
  because activists against prevent would be willing to go far out of their way to make the program look bad . 
  this includes deliberately playing the victim . 
  the uk will probably leave . 
  this is sad but very difficult to avoid . 
  it would be good if the uk can stay because their euro-skepticism balances the craziness of the euro-federalists . 
  but i can no longer make a positive case for the uk to remain . 
   `` if europe is about ever-deepening political union , with ever-deepening political institutions , then it 's not the organization for us . '' i agree with this . 
  the eu is an organization of independent states and protecting that independence should be a bedrock principle . 
  it 's worth noting that this insistence upon `` ever-closer union '' is at the root of both the euro crisis and the refugee crisis . 
  the union could be preserved by simply backing down instead of attempting to force bad policy upon unwilling members . 
  all countries should be able to set their own refugee policies and negotiate among themselves . 
  and for countries which are unable to abide by fiscal rules a path of `` graceful exit '' from the eurozone could be built . 
  yes , and this is a good thing . 
  we should support david cameron in weakening the eu precisely because it will allow other national leaders to weaken it further in the future . 
  we should bring back the guillotine . 
  `` no link '' between that and cologne either , these fuckers deserve beheading anyway . 
  did n't your country literally build a wall ? 
  ever-closer union means more than that . 
  even if it all works `` according to plan '' and we ignore various overheads it would still lead to various swedish hippies and greek commies having an ever increasing influence over romanian affairs . 
  fuck that . 
  poland 's goal is to preserve it 's national independence . 
  an `` united europe '' dominated by germany would defeat largely the purpose . 
  a weak decentralized eu with no unified foreign policy capability is much more desirable . 
  not at all . 
  there are almost no refugees in romania and it 's not a desirable destination . 
  public opinion and most important political figures are against this by large margins so it 's unlikely to change . 
  what did change is my political stance . 
  i used to be mostly pro-eu but i turned into a rabid euro-skeptic . 
  the treatment of greece and the force relocation scheme shows that western europe does n't have any respect for our national democracies . 
  i think that `` ever-closer union '' and euro-federalism are an extremely bad deal and a threat to our independence . 
  we should stop and oppose any further integration on any topic . 
  the mandatory relocation scheme in particular should have never happened . 
  we should try to ensure that it becomes impossible to propose such a scheme in the future . 
  it would probably require some sort of negotiated opt-out or changing/repealing the lisbon treaty . 
   all countries have a commitment first and foremost to protect their own citizens . 
  if they ca n't lock these people up for good , the next best thing is to have them as far away as possible . 
  why exactly ca n't these people be locked up for good ? 
  it is very dubious that this would help protect french citizens . 
  protecting french citizens by expelling terrorists somewhere else seems extremely irresponsible . 
   i 'd rather revoke citizenships than put in the death penalty . 
  why ? 
  i know that the death penalty has been banned for many years and would be very difficult and unpopular to bring back but let 's ignore the political limitations . 
  would the death penalty be worse than revoking citizenship ? 
  for whom ? 
   it 's about sending a message . 
  if you want france to be destroyed , you are no longer french . 
  who exactly are you `` sending a message '' to and how do you expect them to react ? 
  do you really that anyone that is considering joining isis would change their mind because of citizenship ? 
  my assumption is that if can revoke someone 's citizenship through legal means you can also throw him in prison for life . 
  the latter option is preferable . 
  it seems to me that this term of `` illiberal democracy '' is very poorly defined and just used as an insult so vague that it be dismissed as meaningless . 
  if you know that somebody fought for isis then he is dangerous and that dangerous should be neutralized in some way . 
  revoking their citizenship ** does not help ** . 
  if you do that all you end up with is a lot of dangerous former citizens of france running around . 
  this is complete nonsense . 
  a huge amount of people have dual citizenship and this is allowed by very many countries . 
  removing citizenship as a punishment is a horrible idea . 
  i completely agree that this `` would not help the fight against terrorism in any way '' . 
  it probably has very little deterrent effect ; somebody who is willing to help isis is not going to change his mind because he 's afraid of losing french citizenship . 
  and if somebody is punished this way it 's not likely that they will see the error of their ways , move to algeria and live the rest of their life quietly . 
  stripping citizenship will strongly reinforce their commitment to jihad . 
  security would not be improved , it would most likely be harmed . 
  if somebody is evicted from france after a terrorism conviction way they are likely to attack somewhere else or go to land held by isis . 
  they can even strike back at france !, 
  eu borders are currently too porous to prevent them returning and there is a lack of political will for sufficient enforcement . 
  i think that this is just an attempt by an ineffective government to `` look tough '' in order to avoid losing votes to the right , just like extending the state of emergency . 
  but beyond looking tough this measure is not just useless but harmful . 
  is n't the law for seizing valuables based on something they also do to citizens receiving welfare ? 
  the greek nation-state is a recent invention which only came about with external support against the dying ottoman empire . 
  the same applies to several other states in south-eastern europe . 
  the eu is doing very poorly and getting worse . 
  this caused the odds of brexit to increased over the last few months . 
  it is possible that the state of the eu will get so bad that a referendum for scotland to rejoin it as an independent state will fail . 
  this should be at the top . 
  it is not at all clear that poland can `` veto '' anything . 
  obedience brings victory , and victory is life . 
  is this real ? 
  it seems to be on some sort of official youtube channel of the bavarian government but it still strikes me as a bit odd . 
  using `` compliance '' as part of the motto is very strange and the tone of the video is a little bit insulting . 
   this must be a reference to the end of history thesis - that western liberal democracy has won ww2 discredited fascism and the soviet collapse discredited communism . 
  in the early 90s only liberal capitalism stood as a viable model .
