  most of eastern europe already made it 's decision and is relatively happy for it . 
  most of this anti-american bullshit comes from countries further west who do n't realize how lucky they are to have multiple layers of friendly buffers to the east . 
  when was your country last occupied by russian troops ? 
   the only thing the people in calais or dunkirk have to do is apply for asylum in france . 
  but , they know their chances of getting accepted are slim . 
  that 's why they want to go to the uk . 
  why would their chances be better in the uk than france , considering that they are already residing in france ? 
  if anything this would indicate uk asylum criteria are too loose . 
   there 's no way privatization guarantees editorial independence . 
  it depends on what you mean by `` independence '' . 
  new owners may or may not impose their own editorial line . 
  if that happens just do n't watch it . 
  my point is that privatization is the best way to remove * government control * and remove this from public debate . 
   the new law gives the government control of state radio and television . 
  am i the only one who finds even the title a bit silly ? 
  there 's really nothing wrong with the state controlling state media . 
  it 's pretty much implied by the very notion of a publicly-owned broadcaster . 
  if you really want public media to be independent the best solution is to just privatize it . 
   ideally we would have an organized trans-national system that prioritizes refugee families with greatest need and/or most in-demand skills , does background checks and psychological assessments . 
  explicit programs for [ refugee resettlement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugee_resettlement#resettlement ) exist but they are small . 
   why has this been dealt with so chaotically ? 
  because if you manage to walk into countries like germany then you can bypass prioritization schemes and intake limits . 
   enforcing the immigration rules would probably require armed confrontation . 
  nonsense . 
  you can arrest , interview and deport people without shooting them . 
  some countries are indeed apparently willing to tolerate higher rates of unemployment than others and this is to some extent visible in historical data . 
  that 's really not good at all . 
  i bet that some of the same areas in france and belgium with high unemployment are the ones that spawn various terrorists and foreign fighters . 
  there is a lot of truth to the phrase that `` idle hands are the devil 's plaything '' . 
  i think that unemployment is the most important measure of economic success , more than various measures of relative poverty and inequality . 
  unemployment ( especially on the long term ) is extremely corrosive and must be dealt with . 
  fun fact : the current prime-minister of india used to be [ banned from entry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narendra_modi#international_diplomacy ) in the us , uk and eu for his role in the [ 2002 gujarat riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_gujarat_riots#allegations_of_state_complicity ) . 
  the bans were eventually lifted as he became a likely pm . 
   creating mistrust  when chancellor angela merkel was chosen as time magazine 's person of the year , the well-known german lawyer joachim steinh\u00f6fel tweeted , `` is n't that nice ? 
  our fdj-lassie person of the year . 
  2016 then robert mugabe . '', 
  ( fdj is a reference to the east german socialist youth group . ), 
  such words , such blustering , adds fuel to the fire . 
  and when an otherwise competent journalist like michael hanfeld refers to the journalistically responsible public television stations ard and zdf as the `` welcome broadcasters , '' he too is playing with fire . 
  readers remember such disparagements , and they serve to create mistrust . 
  i do n't think that `` trust '' in the media or elites is a good thing , in fact it can be downright harmful . 
  it 's far better to approach everything with a healthy dose of cynicism . 
  this very article applies this tactic to opponents :  it is this part of the population out of which the german tea party is growing , a movement that furiously rejects all that is foreign , spreads rumors , bad-mouths the chancellor and is disdainful of education , the elite and the media . 
   regions that have integrated many migrants in the past are prosperous today , but integration only works if the state does n't lose control . 
  what examples are there of successful peaceful handling of large scale muslim immigration ? 
  the most positive example i can think of is that of turks in germany . 
   unless you just kill people for being brown and coming from syria , they will go out of jail at some point . 
  if all you do is punish them , you will just breed more terrorists . 
  i think killing every single person who willingly joined isis would be good policy . 
   a reintegration efforts needs to be taken , or we will just make the problem worse . 
  or you can just rely on deterrence . 
   for this purpose , there should be about `` codes of conduct '' for young women and girls , `` so that such things do not happen to them , '' says reker with respect to the sexual assaults in new year 's eve . 
  there were already a code catalog , which would now be updated and will soon be available online . 
  among the rules is to maintain an arm 's length distance to strangers , to stay within their own group and can not be separated from this to ask in an emergency concretely bystanders for help and intervene as a witness or to inform the police belong . 
  is this from the actual mayor of k\u00f6ln ? 
  then we should n't imprison anyone ever ? 
  the primary purpose of the justice system should to ensure that laws are respected and people are safe . 
  stuff like `` reintegrating people '' is secondary and in some cases it 's impossible . 
  so it 's perfectly fine to keep them in jail or even bring back the death penalty . 
   right-wing propaganda and misinformation through suggestive titles posts that dramatically change the title of the article are against the rules . 
  posts like this one . 
  cool . 
  but your post should be a comment instead . 
   `` do n't blame all refugees for crimes a few committed '' it 's obvious that not all refugees committed these crimes but besides the point . 
  warning about `` extremists utilizing this incident for anti-refugee propaganda '' also warns against considering how an influx of migrants can affect public safety or if something could be done about . 
  the german interior minister should focus more on the core aspects of his job such as maintaining order on streets . 
  you also said :  there 's no proof that the perpetrators were refugees . 
  are n't identity documents proof ? 
   warning against thinking in a certain way is not , its something people in a democracy do all the time . 
  wow !, 
  that 's absolutely amazing . 
   the 8 they rounded up all had asylum papers . 
  [ citation needed ] ? 
  i remember reading about finding asylum papers on the people they arrested too but not the exact source . 
  your interior minister explicitly warned against * thinking a certain way * . 
  how the fuck is that normal ? 
   it should be advertised loud and clear in all muslim communities that if radicalised young islamists go to syria they can not come back . 
  it is hard to understand the arguments against banishing these people . 
  they should n't be just * banished * , that puts the rest of the world at risk . 
  people known to have joined isis should be actively * hunted * and prosecuted . 
  france is debating whether to strip citizenship . 
  that is complete idiocy because it does n't deal with the threat at all . 
   they need to be treated as war crime suspects the guy admitted to having joined isis , he 's more than just a suspect . 
  joining should be an extremely serious crime by itself . 
   minster de maizi\u00e8re has warned against extremists utilizing this incident for anti-refugee propaganda . 
  beware the wrongthink !, 
   there are those who have learnt that extremism ai n't a picknick and come back , disillusioned . 
  it 's of the utmost importance that those people come back to dispel the myths of heroism that have been created around going to fight in foreign countries . 
  let them do so from prison . 
   jailing them forever and tossing the key then forgetting about them carries the risk keeping them radicalized till they exit jail as in . 
  great . 
  let 's not imprison thieves either because they might learn additional tricks in jail . 
  from the article :  youn\u00e8s spent six weeks with an isis army faction in aleppo . 
  upon his return , belgian authorities arrested youn\u00e8s . 
  he was in pretrial detention for two months , after which a belgian court handed him a three year suspended sentence , because it could not be proven he had committed any crimes during his stay in syria . 
  this is wrong . 
  merely * joining * isis should be enough to throw this guy in jail for the rest of his life . 
  i do n't care about his bakery . 
  what belgium is doing is equivalent to letting nazi war criminals live peacefully in south america . 
  no wonder they are a cesspit of extremism .
