  in theory the eu could attempt to somehow `` punish '' the uk for leaving but i think that 's very unlikely . 
  it would be not only morally wrong but also unpopular with eu citizens . 
   but the paris attackers werent immigrants failed * long-term * immigration policy . 
   no matter whether countries have open borders , or strict immigration requirements people will seep in and people will mix up , until eventually there will be little local culture left and what we now call countries will simply be administrative zones . 
  the country that has embraced this vision the most is belgium . 
  it hosts most of the eu 's central institutions in brussels and yet failing quite badly at administering it 's own capital . 
  could it be that the vision itself is flawed ? 
  if further integration will spread this vision to the rest of europe then i do n't want to be a part of it . 
   first it was tribes then city states , then countries , then it `` unions '' and soon a world government and then planets and so on . 
  it is inevitable . 
  this is not inevitable at all . 
  the number of sovereign entities on the planet has more or less increased continuous since ww1 . 
  multinational states that were historically held together by violence have repeated collapsed under separatist pressure . 
  what was once the british empire has shrunk to the point where it almost lost control of scotland . 
  the eu itself is an anomaly created not only to prevent further conflicts but also as a last grasp at relevance by western countries like france . 
  it has very severe issues that are not being solved at all , they are simply accumulating and festering . 
  it is entirely plausible that it 's authority will degrade until it is little more than a talking shop . 
  the future of the eu might look more like asean than the usa . 
  france and germany would probably dislike having to deal with india and china from a position of clear inferiority , but so what ? 
  for the smaller countries in the eu this might be preferable to being governed from berlin . 
   idea that has already lost it was not at all clear in the 70s and 80s that communism had `` lost '' . 
  the soviet union was still extremely strong and it was plausible that the eastern block would expand and engulf more of europe . 
  it is similarly not clear today that islamism is losing , in fact it is probably at it 's highest point since it 's modern founding . 
  daesh is controlling a significant amount of populated territory that nobody is particularly eager to invade . 
  it is plausible that they will survive as a de facto state . 
  so mostly separatism affecting particular regions like northern ireland ? 
  it 's not clear what those conflicts can teach us . 
  should belgium and france offer partial autonomy or partial sharia rule ? 
  edgy , but not too edgy because we do n't want to offend anyone . 
  it looks like the flag of imperial germany upside down . 
   the uk wants to have a trade union without having to take in the foreign workers unemployed when local industries collapse . 
  it 's perfectly possible to trade without free movement of labor . 
  the two are only connected because the eu wants them to be connected . 
   poland wants to have no internal border without the common external border supervision required to keep it running . 
  poland does not object to `` border supervision '' , it objects to mandatory resettlement . 
  the resettlement program is primarily motivated by ideology and not necessary for the maintenance of schengen . 
  most of the people who claim that they want to `` save schengen '' are again primarily driven by ideology rather than pragmatism . 
   germany/france want the common currency without the financial responsibilities required to make it work . 
  germany is merely trying to apply the same fiscal discipline it applies internally to other euro members . 
  they do n't want to be subsidizing states that are more generous than their own . 
  i think they are mostly right about this . 
  i think that most of these issues arise mostly because of the eu 's vision of a superstate . 
  if we gave up on the mantra of `` ever closer union '' these issues could be solved pragmatically . 
  lowered expectations would also improve diplomatic relations between the members . 
  greece for example made an embarrassing show of `` opposing the bailouts '' through multiple elections in the expectation that germany would somehow be convinced to give them a better deal . 
  more clarity would have helped . 
   a community like molenbeek should never have been allowed to exist . 
  communities like molenbeek are allowed to exist because of extremely deep ideological commitments of parts of the western establishment . 
  any opposition and questioning is immediately shot down with shouts of racism . 
  i do n't think this is likely to change any time soon . 
  security services will have to adapt to this as a persistent threat . 
  yes . 
  it also rules over a considerably chunk of territory that nobody else wants to invade and attempt to govern . 
  at this point belgium ( and western europe in general ) is an exporter of islamist terrorism . 
  european recruits is syria probably hurt that country more than syrians in belgium . 
   europe must go all the way this time . 
  we must invest in a common security and defence structure , '' he said , adding that the debate over defence integration has been raging since 1954 , when a plan to form a european defence community ( edc ) with a pan-europe military fell through . 
  i am sick and tired of all these `` common eu policies '' . 
  they are mostly designed to bind the member states further together and largely fail to deliver the promised gains . 
  just look at the euro . 
  this article is right in that the attacks in belgium and france are a consequence of failed immigration policy . 
  people love to complain about how the issue is somehow insufficient `` integration '' without proving any convincing methods to alleviate the problem . 
  perhaps we need to sprinkle more of this tolerance fairy dust ? 
  what upsets me is that eu elites are not only firmly committed to continue their policies and crush all opposition but want to force us in the east to adopt them as well . 
  they 're perfectly willing to override our national democracies . 
  i think it 's time to reevaluate our relationship to the eu and realize that any further integration would be detrimental . 
  we must reassert our national sovereignty against the idiocy of brussels and berlin . 
  o mare circulaba . 
  no , this is wrong . 
  terrorism is mostly a policing/intelligence issue rather than a military matter . 
  further military cooperation or some sort of `` common defence policy '' and eu army are unlikely to have a significant impact . 
  i think that this is nothing more than just another powergrab by eu institutions , the very same institutions that are failing in so many other areas . 
  it should be opposed . 
   this was a vote that should serve as a warning to any other european politicians who think fomenting hysteria against refugees will increase their electoral support . 
  that was exactly the approach taken by slovak prime minister robert fico and it backfired -- badly . 
  he was was hoping to secure a comfortable re-election for his centrist party , smer , by spreading fear about a non-existent influx of migrants , but ended up handing votes to some of the most extreme right-wing groups to be seen in a european legislature for decades . 
  but maybe the alternative would have been an even worse result for fico 's party . 
  it 's still the largest party by a considerable margin . 
  the results are really strange , what i see is a lot small parties with similar seat counts . 
  the wonderful thing about a democracy is that other parties can offer alternatives to the voters . 
  did the parties who support the quotas and eu/german immigation policy do particularly well ? 
  all they 're saying is that they will respect eu law . 
  they will accept the implementation of the plan that they opposed while continuing to oppose it . 
  as far as i know the new position of the new polish government is similar : they oppose the system but will fulfill their obligations . 
  what i want is a government that is ready to tell the eu to fuck itself and openly refuse to comply . 
  what is the west going to do ? 
   why does eastern europe react in such a hysterical way to the idea of even a miniscule number of refugees ? 
  the numeric value is irrelevant . 
  the problem is that it was imposed from outside . 
  if we accept this we will get ever larger numbers in the future , again imposed by the west . 
   ahead of sunday 's state election in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , pundits are speculating about the creation of a `` germany coalition , '' a coalition that would bring together the cdu , spd and fpd , whose party colors are those of the german flag . 
  it is reminiscent of the `` weimar coalition '' between the wars , that alliance of center-left parties that was forged to defend democracy , but which proved no match for the dark forces on the fringe . 
  things are n't nearly that bad yet , of course , but the system feels more instable than it has in a long time . 
  i think the best way to describe such an idea is `` anti-democratic '' . 
  an even wider grand coalition in germany would monopolize power , deny any sort of meaningful choice to citizens and only make decision through internal negotiation among the elite . 
  the very purpose of such a system would be to exclude disagreement . 
  the foundation of democracy is alternating power . 
  this allows a very wide section of society to see their preferred ideas in action and channels discontent into the next election . 
  it 's what makes `` peaceful revolution '' possible . 
  it seems to me that despite a rhetorical commitment to democracy what western elites really want is to rule as an oligarchy .
