  goddammit you guys , ca n't you just behave nicely ? 
   what 's op 's and eastern europeans opinions on this ? 
  we easterners are uneducated racist rednecks . 
  how could we dare to have opinions ? 
  tl ; dr : nation states are racist . 
   call romanians out for treating minorities bad in current times ? 
  is that actually what you are doing ? 
  because i 'm not really buying it . 
  when eastern european gypsies now travel west they are not treated that much better . 
  and our other minorities ( hungarians ) are relatively content . 
  we certainly do n't get terrorist attacks or race riots . 
  you can be moderately nationalistic and support self-determination without also supporting the slaughtering of minorities . 
  the main reason it 's unpopular in germany is because you suck at it . 
  so not only are germans allowing large number of migrants into their country but they 're willing to grant them the right to work for less money . 
  it 's almost like they 're second-class citizens !, 
  i 'm sure that these people are going to eternally grateful . 
   ideas which would have been very unpopular as recently as year ago ( such as euro-skepticism and anti-german sentiment ) seemed to have gained traction . 
   so i was just wondering , what is the reason for this shift . 
  the reason should be obvious : germany steamrolling smaller countries . 
  they imposed their will on important issues ( greek debt and immigration ) in a way that has not happened in the eu before . 
  these are events that can actually shift people 's opinions on the eu as whole and create new euroskeptics . 
  the rule regarding sources is stated like this :  graphs , maps , infographics , videos etc. 
  lacking a credible source - if it 's not present in the picture/link , post it as a comment . 
  there are no graphs maps or data in the article that would require an objective source . 
  this is clearly an opinion article . 
  the article 's publisher is [ national review ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_review ) , not particularly disreputable . 
  delivering icecream ? 
  no , we have a deep spiritual commitment to the european project . 
  they 'll change their mind eventually . 
  heresy !, 
  the euro is the single greatest driver of prosperity in the modern world . 
  this is a 2.5 year old article by some commie cunt . 
  he happens to now work for corbyn as `` executive director of strategy and communications '' . 
  at least they did n't set the bus on fire . 
   president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan 's close adviser ibrahim kalin responded to western criticism of the government 's counter-actions by tweeting , `` had the coup succeeded , you would have supported it , like in egypt . 
  you do n't know this nation but they know you . '' he is right and he is absolutely correct not to trust the eu . 
  it 's supposed commitment to democracy very quickly fades in face of any sort of actual disagreement . 
  i was also appalled by reddit 's reaction to the coup . 
  apparently when tanks roll on the streets against civilians redditors will side with the tanks . 
  greatest french military invention since the white flag . 
  france had some riots recently against supposed police brutality . 
  did that die down or are they just not reporting on it ? 
  even though turkey was very far away from meeting the criteria the eu has done stranger things before . 
  well , would you be surprised if french people in london protested regarding the politics of france ? 
  turkey is a nation-state . 
  it 's reasonable to expect that turks everywhere will follow it 's politics and fell more of an affinity with their homeland that the country where they currently reside . 
  it 's not doing too bad , but they 're only ~ 60 % muslim and have a well established system of discriminating against the chinese minority . 
  hardly a positive example . 
  well , no . 
  all france had was a number of terrorist attacks and they are indeed using it to arrest people on suspicions of radicalization . 
  what 's happening in turkey is far more serious . 
  the state is of emergency is still bad , this kind of stuff should only be used for very short-term crises . 
  this is obviously a bad idea . 
  western warnings against it would be more potent if france was n't also in a state of emergency for more than a year . 
  my guess is that he 's an isis operative who lied about his age and maybe even his nationality . 
  being treated as a minor probably made it easier for him . 
  nobody would travel thousands of kilometers to hit people with an axe . 
  ca n't they chill ? 
  according to [ recent numbers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) it 's actually between bulgaria and romania , the eu 's poorest countries . 
  it 's not officially dead , turkey is technically still a candidate . 
  reinstating the death penalty could officially stop the process . 
  you do because if russia annexed you then nato would be in a worse position . 
   i want to see them isolated as much as possible how could that possibly help ? 
  attempting to isolate turkey will just drive them further towards islamism and make relations with muslims in general worse . 
  against russia you can hope that economic pain makes putin less capable of engaging in military adventurism . 
  the problem with turkey is that it 's an unstable mess and attempting to isolate them would make this worse . 
  i agree with this . 
  it 's perfectly fine for turkey to democratically reinstate the death penalty and use it against coup plotters . 
  the eu will bitch and moan about it but eventually accept it . 
  tl ; dr : blame capitalism i wonder if we should more like greece or just go back to full communism ? 
  i think the point is that many in eastern europa saw the uk 's influence on the eu as positive . 
  even if the uk is not a close partner we agree with them more far often than with the likes of france and spain . 
  even in germany some supported uk 's continued membership purely because it helps keep southern europe 's more statist/protectionist instincts at bay . 
  it used to be very common for salaries to be in euros , but nowadays contracts are in ron . 
  comparing salaries in euros is still common . 
  mobile contracts ( either subscriptions or prepaid ) are also mostly in euros . 
   the referendum , as with many of the populist movements across the eu , in effect was a vote against globalization . 
  no , it was a vote against the eu specifically . 
  the eu is not a force of nature , it 's a political project that can be stopped . 
  you can actually have plenty of economic globalization without free movement and without sharing sovereignty with greece and germany . 
  are both delicious fruits . 
  obviously the second world war was actually caused by nationalism . 
  it started when nasty xenophoblic poland who would n't let germans share their lebensraum [ attacked the gleiwitz radio station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gleiwitz_incident ) . 
  it 's so sad that poles are still not sufficiently evolved to properly learn all the lessons we did and accept their part of the blame . 
   almost half of brits want to bring back the death penalty . 
  should they have a referendum on that ? 
  obviously yes , if enough people care so much about the issue that they ask for a referendum . 
   sometimes doing the right thing is more important than doing thing which most people voted for . 
  people disagree about what is right and what is wrong . 
  if you do n't let people to vote on it then you end up always doing what the people in power think is right . 
   especially when what they voted for is n't even what they want , because they were deceived . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  britain has been debating eu membership for years . 
  even if some people regret it they should have to live with it now . 
  but business leaders in spain ca n't be that much different from business leaders in germany or the uk and those countries have much lower unemployment . 
  i think that when you have 20 % unemployment the only logical conclusion is that something is wrong not with `` business leaders '' but with spain itself , specifically with spanish labor law . 
   in theory this can cause a bidding war between employers that 's actually good . 
  it 's how you get people to pay you more money . 
  if you are selling something what you want is a high demand and limited supply . 
   and hyperinflation .
