  maybe they 're just following intelligence leads . 
  it 's not like islamic extremism is evenly distributed among ethnic groups . 
  and germany is the schoolmaster ? 
  great . 
  now people will be run over by trains under the sea . 
  hungary 's wall worked pretty well without shooting people . 
  it 's definitely possible to guard borders if the political will is there . 
  sea borders are harder to police effectively , but still possible . 
  crossing borders is simply not a human right . 
  all countries impose significant restrictions . 
   if the financial crutches ( provided by the eu ) that currently prop up ukraine are n't enough to keep the country alive then everything goes to shit in eastern europe as well . 
  not really . 
  a new election might bring a pro-russian government , or maybe the civil war would fire up again . 
  the latter is unlikely , semi-frozen conflicts serve russia just fine . 
   what would happen if lukashenka died tomorrow ? 
  somebody from his inner circle would follow him . 
  maybe even a relative , north korean-style . 
  stable dictatorships can handle succession . 
  democracy only extend to citizens , not foreigners . 
  and maybe you should mind your own fucking business . 
  yes . 
  life sucks in romania for a lot of people . 
  but that 's not relevant to policing swedish streets . 
  maybe you should complain to your mayor or something ? 
  it actually means turkey . 
   it 's a positive thing you can just pass through germany without having to identify and register yourself . 
  fine . 
  my point is that denmark should just reject all asylum seekers crossing the southern border and tell them to apply in germany instead . 
   the police wo n't do anything . 
  100 % not our problem . 
  this is an extremely `` romanian '' thing to do . 
  this is extremely dubious mostly because turning the eu away from neoliberalism would be next to impossible . 
  i do n't think varoufakis is sufficiently delusional to attempt this . 
  yes . 
  germany is a very big part of the problem and should deal with the consequences . 
  again , what happens in sweden is not our problem . 
  do n't you have laws and police ? 
  but as far as i can tell this started by * sweden * implementing checks on the border with denmark . 
  denmark is now doing the same on it 's border with * germany * . 
  i 'm suddenly happy that romania is not in schengen . 
  you invited this problem , you deal with it . 
  it has only just begun . 
  it will get much worse , and then probably worse after that . 
   so it 's not to curb the amount of asylum seekers in denmark per se , it 's to avoid illegals gathering in denmark because they are not allowed to go to sweden because of their new border policy . 
  so what is the policy ? 
  prove the right to pass through denmark , apply for asylum at the border or turn back ? 
  honestly this whole mess is caused by the eu allowing unrestricted asylum shopping . 
  germany is one of the most stable and prosperous countries in the world , it should n't be possible to just pass through it and apply somewhere else . 
  the sane policy would be to only allow applying for asylum when passing directly from a country at war . 
  that 's basically the same as paying greece to keep the refugees . 
  this is what the eu is attempting to do with turkey . 
  but it ca n't really work . 
  these people do n't want to stay in turkey and they wo n't want to stay in greece . 
  they want to go to countries like germany and there is no political will to stop them . 
   varoufakis will be attending the february 9 event to introduce diem25 `` with ` collaborators ' from across europe to present concrete ideas on how to democratize europe and how to avoid its creeping fragmentation . '', 
  i guess he likes building suspense ? 
   the ex-parliamentarian says the eu is undemocratic , and that transparency is needed . 
  it would be nice to have some serious criticism of the eu from the left . 
  have you ever noticed that on various news sites ( ny times , guardian ) some articles have a comment section and others do n't ? 
  why is that ? 
  also , why is this in the `` middle east '' section ? 
  it 's about french people doing french things in france . 
   new year fireworks and festivities have been cancelled in the belgian capital , brussels , because of a terror alert . 
  wait . 
  you mean like all of them ? 
   brussels mayor yvan mayeur told state broadcaster rtbf : `` together with the interior minister , we 've decided to not have the celebrations on thursday evening . '', 
  seriously ? 
  can somebody confirm how this actually looks like on the ground ? 
  this is from 2010 . 
   you have a problem for a setup that has n't even been voted on let alone exist yet ? 
  yes . 
  people are discussing yet-unrealized proposals in this very thread . 
   you think the fact that the netherland 's borders is controlled by countries such as hungary and greece fair and `` protects national sovereignty '' ? 
  how is the current setup any more fair than having a unified border force which no one country controls , and we all have a vote in ? 
  you 're referring to the schengen area , but even so greece is not actually connected by land to it . 
  what if after voting the decision is made that hungary must dismantle it 's border fence to create a migration corridor this new patrol force steps in to do it ? 
  this would be clear violation of hungarian sovereignty . 
  but going against the will of a target country seems to be explicitly allowed . 
  from the article :  the new european border and coast guard agency would have the power to intervene `` in urgent situations '' if it believes countries are failing to guard their external frontiers effectively . 
  while this new border control force is not particularly aimed at hungary various eu treaties have been interpreted in surprising ways before . 
  as i 've stated before : the eu must not be trusted . 
  this is not even a particularly difficult problem to solve . 
  maybe you could just give the target country a veto to all operations . 
   there is no common borders policing policy . 
  the eu has no power there . 
  i 'm referring to [ this proposal ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/frontex-chief-sovereignty-not-a-risk-with-new-eu-border-force-border-control-european-commission/ ) . 
  really ? 
  nato accounts for 70 % of worldwide defense spending . 
  i think that people that say that this is not enough are motivated by anti-americanism more than any legitimate security concern . 
  while some might prefer to avoid relying on cooperation with the us on defense i do n't see how that 's helpful . 
  having fewer allies is hardly a defensive move . 
  on the contrary , peaceful countries should try to be as friendly as possible to everybody . 
  who do we need to conquer ? 
  but catalonia is hardly enslaved . 
  and this is besides the point . 
  the parent poster asked why `` territorial integrity '' is something worth preserving and i gave the honest answer : because most of the time changing borders leads to more violence . 
  this is why it 's popular across the political spectrum . 
  it 's better to reach an accommodation some other way . 
  how about because top-down cultural conversion is morally wrong ? 
   what is this territorial integrity you speak of ?
