  it seems to me that germany is trying really hard to clamp down and delegitimize any sort of opposition to government immigration policy . 
   rules arent automatically good . 
  so somebody other that the parents can decide that the rules are `` bad '' ? 
  despite the fact that such rules are common worldwide and were not even terribly unusual in the west decades ago ? 
  should n't parents be allowed to set rules for their own underage children ? 
   it would be interesting to see what effect it would have on the stream of immigrants , if they find out they will all be distributed to eastern europe . 
  you do realize that eastern europe is inhabited , right ? 
  and that those people have their own political concerns ? 
  and that they might object to stalin-style demographic engineering ? 
   the norwegian government is pro-quota , provided that ... those conditions are almost impossible to meet . 
  this effectively makes you anti-quota . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that the eu wants to use this quota system as a way to accommodate a migrant stream without any upper bound . 
  it 's basically forcing the german system ( that took 1m in 2015 ) on all of europe . 
   we should n't constantly walk on eggs with eastern europe i am also sick and tired of all the veiled threats about cutting eu funds . 
  just fucking do it and leave us alone . 
  the money is not worth being forced to participate in your insane experiment . 
   honestly why should we care where these people want to go ? 
  why should we care what the germans want ? 
  blaming `` foreign agents '' as a way to discredit domestic opposition is a very effective strategy . 
  putin himself would approve . 
  i am obviously only speaking for myself . 
  but if euro-scepticism was not wide-spread the likes of juncker would n't feel the need to warn against it . 
  this summer we might see the first country voting to leave the union . 
  this could deliver a much-needed kick to the eu . 
   eu institutions have to constantly balance between those two extremes i really do n't think that any sort of `` balance '' between euro-federalism and euro-scepticism is desirable . 
  between national sovereignty and centralizing power against the will of a large section of the voters the latter should always lose . 
  thank you . 
  i am happy to see my efforts being praised , even with poor spelling . 
   truth ? 
  in the middle as so often . 
  yes : merkel 's policy is responsible for encouraging this migration to grow . 
   the refugee hordes should have been stopped at the borders with turkey , not inside the european region . 
  europe has the means to enforce such a policy but due to organization-structural problems on a decision level , it does not act at all . 
  it 's really much easier enforce checks on northern greek border . 
  turkey has really no reason to cooperate and the eu has no leverage on them . 
  greece is a member state financially dependent on others . 
   the problem must be solved at its root . 
  those people are not abandoning their homes , their lifes overthere because they suddenly fell in love with europe . 
  if they 're fleeing violence they can find safety in turkey and greece ( and anywhere else ) . 
  they 're going further because those countries offer very limited opportunities for rebuilding . 
  the idea that you can improve the situation in syria to the point where people wo n't want to migrate en-masse is just pure fantasy . 
  you ca n't even do that in countries like poland and mexico . 
   several guards were shown wearing thor steinar clothing -- a berlin-based designer brand synonymous with the far-right in germany . 
   ard suggested that the name `` hess security '' was an allusion to adolf hitler 's deputy , rudolf hess . 
  it alleged that its director was a man , named only as uwe l , who associated with football hooligans and convicted neo-nazis who were known to police . 
  this is extremely vague hearsay and nowhere nearly enough to brand this security company as `` neo-nazi guards '' . 
  they 'll keep trying to cross borders as long as the rewards offered by germany are worthwhile . 
  did anyone miss the greek debt debacle ? 
  the treatment of greece was extremely harsh and make a mockery of solidarity . 
  do you think a bankrupt us state would have ever been treated in a similar way ? 
  the supposedly democratic eu institutions are extremely weak so the whole machinery was perverted to serves the desires of the strongest state : germany . 
  this is really nothing more than a showcase of german arrogance . 
  everything about this disgusts me . 
  it 's mostly the german 's fault . 
  they seem to fuck up the entire continent on a regular basis . 
  this is absolutely psychotic . 
  turning against turkey would unleash chaos on europe 's doorstep . 
  it would make the invasion of iraq seem like a stroke of genius . 
  while we 're at it maybe we should just nuke mecca . 
  turkey today is an extremely precarious position . 
  dealing with a civil war in a neighboring country is extremely difficult . 
  if a country like france shared a border with syria they would have collapsed three times already . 
  it 's great that you have it all figured out . 
  the soviets thought they had it all figured out too and that the collapse of capitalism was imminent . 
  the fact that the system is moving slowly does n't mean that relocation of the full 160k is not going to happen . 
  the author seems to be an insufferable cunt . 
   if it 's unconstitutional then hungary should overthrow this , but i doubt it 's unconstitutional . 
  i think this should be overthrown no matter what the treaties say . 
   anyway , someone who is against the whole migrant thing , will be against no matter the arguments . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not interested in debating quota levels . 
  i think that the eu should be completely incapable of imposing any quotas at all . 
  the deciding vote was not in the eu parliament , it was in a per-country vote by interior ministers . 
  but this is a detail . 
  a parliament or other government body can decide things that are latter overturned for reasons such as unconstitutionality . 
  what orban is saying here is that a mandatory quota system is not something that the eu should be able to do . 
   how about a strong majority ? 
  if you wanted something which the strong majority wants , would n't you ask the rest of the countries to accept it ? 
  especially since you knew the rules of voting among countries in eu before you joined . 
  this is like saying `` i am in favor of democracy but only when i am part of the majority '' . 
  i think that it should be impossible to impose migration quotas on a member country , no matter how large the majority outside that country is . 
  if that contradicts current laws and treaties they must be changed at all costs . 
   so react then !, 
  when it happens !, 
  you assume this is how it will happen so now we want no one ? 
  this referendum would give orban a strong mandate to oppose any extension . 
  so it is a very legitimate question to ask . 
   i thought the whole idea of quotas was that no country should take more than a limit above which economical and cultural issues arise . 
  the quota numbers come from a formula which takes into account stuff like gdp and unemployment . 
  as far as i know it 's based on how germany distributes migrants through the states . 
  it does not account for any concerns the locals might have . 
   the people of hungary decided to join eu with a 81 % in favor ( in a referendum ) , which they should know comes with responsibilities - one of them is this , unfortunately . 
  people seem to think that joining the eu means that new members are obligated to go along with every harebrained idea coming from brussels . 
  this is not true . 
   2,300 people can do that ? 
  exact numbers are not relevant . 
  if the quota mechanism works the eu is going to expand it dramatically . 
  when did they agree ? 
  hungary voted against the quotas . 
  [ this is not actually satire ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-02-24/ukip-member-releases-leave-eu-three-lions-parody-song/ ) .
