  has it to do with cultures or citizenship ? 
  history or justice ? 
  preserving the status quo avoids violence . 
   the southern us were definitely not a `` nation '' . 
  they shared ethnicity , language , traditions , etc. 
  with the northern americans . 
  the definition of a nation is mostly arbitrary . 
  the south was mostly rural and had an economy based on slavery , this made pretty damn different from the north . 
  why exactly would the us be a separate nation from uk but the confederacy would n't be separate from the union ? 
  the confederates clearly `` wanted '' to be independented , quite a lot of them died for it . 
  we 're basically back to the larger state being able to deny independence for completely arbitrary reasons . 
   and part of that democracy is that any nation ( including the catalans ) should have the right to become independent , if they want it . 
  but that 's not actually true in practice . 
  most democracies do n't recognize a right to unilateral secession . 
  when referendums for secession are organized they usually require the consent of the larger state or otherwise result in violence . 
  the larger state can refuse for any reason . 
  if you accept that `` any nation should have the right to become independent '' then that implies that the us civil war was actually a war of aggression against the confederacy . 
   turkey 's `` winning '' would mean breakup of eu and most of relevant middle eastern states , as that would be required for the end goal of restoration of ottoman empire . 
  turkey has trouble controlling south-eastern anatolia . 
  you expect me to believe that he 'll proclaim himself caliph and invade bulgaria ? 
  this is nonsense . 
  depends what you mean by `` substantial '' . 
  but basically you can argue that the uk is secure because france is friendly and secure because germany is friendly and secure because poland is sort of friendly and secure . 
  but there the chain ends because poland borders belarus , ukraine and russia . 
  the psoe 's position makes sense to me . 
  the left in general is in favor of redistribution of resources , yes ? 
  in practice this implies a lot of transfer from wealthier to poorer regions . 
  but if you grant independence to your most prosperous region then you are also losing a net contribution to the budget . 
  the remainder of spain would be poorer and have less resources to spread around . 
  it seems to me that granting independence to catalonia is likely to result in * more * austerity . 
  maintaining territorial integrity is not a far-right issue . 
   does france have curfews ongoing for 2 more than 2 weeks or civillians getting killed by the state forces ? 
  not right now but the [ 2005 riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_civil_unrest_in_france ) only ended after curfews were imposed . 
   getting rid of the kurds in northern syria what ? 
  why would that happen ? 
  it 's far more likely that the syrian kurds would fall in line with a new regime . 
   prolonged turkish intervention in northern irak and a strengthening in saudi regional influence . 
  why exactly would that bad for the eu ? 
  would it really be worse than a continuing civil war or a russia/iran-aligned state ? 
  but germany abstained from libya . 
  the coalition included sweden ( not a nato member ) and several arab states and many other nato members offered next to nothing . 
   nato only puts us at the will of america remember how the eu made a mockery of greek democracy ? 
  what was the last time the us did something comparable against a nato member ? 
   makes us targets for their enemies . 
  who exactly would stop targeting the eu if nato dissolved ? 
  * russia would be still interested in buffers to it 's west . 
  * islamists would still hate our guts . 
  * china is n't particularly hostile now . 
   but turkey 's current policies pose a significant danger to all of their interests . 
  how so ? 
  turkey is opposed to letting assad stay but it 's not clear that it 's in the eu 's interest for him to leave either . 
  let 's say that turkey `` wins '' , assad is removed and replaced with an sunni islamist pro-turkish regime . 
  would that really be dangerous to the eu ? 
  there are plenty of islamists in the world already . 
   stop peddling the current propaganda line and read the article linked . 
  i make it clear that i 'm making zero propositions . 
  you were coming out in favor of a common eu army . 
  this is a proposition that needs to be supported . 
   i 'm merely pointing out the obvious problem with existing power structures , which is the reason for the current event . 
  what problem ? 
  that there is no real good side in the syrian civil war ? 
  this is fairly well known . 
  or that `` nato exists and that 's bad because fuck the us . '' ? 
   that 's why an honest discussion , rather than the current `` evil russia and china vs good west and it 's turkish ally '' pr bs is necessary . 
  but you claim that `` us and turkish interests in nato are currently in direct conflict with priorities of eu '' . 
  i honestly do n't know what you mean by that . 
  it 's not even clear what the eu 's priorities should be . 
  there is indeed no obvious good solution to the war . 
  that 's because you live on an island and all your neighbors are very friendly and stable . 
  and austria has a [ neutrality clause ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_neutrality ) in it 's constitution . 
  they are not even a member of nato . 
   they are as compulsory for them as international law can be . 
  so , not at all ? 
  laws are only compulsory when enforced through credible threats . 
  what ? 
  appeasement of who ? 
  of turkey ? 
  of the us ? 
  of russia ? 
  would relying on germany and france be better ? 
  i think it would actually be * worse * . 
   what happens if the us decides to leave nato ? 
  why would they ? 
  a peaceful and friendly europe is overwhelmingly in the interest of the us . 
    the eu is not a country and can not make such a decision for it 's members . 
   much of the sovereignty for asylum policy is explicitly delegated to the eu in the two lisbon treaties . 
  thus the eu as a supranational body can and has to make such decisions . 
  the eu is a voluntary association of nations . 
  the best way to hurt such an union is by going strongly against the will of some of it 's members . 
  mandatory quotas was extremely bad policy . 
  it caused more damage to european unity than putin could even hope for . 
  one reasonable and lisbon-compliant decision for the eu would have been to declare that members should volunteer to resettle as many people as they want and the eu will take care of the logistics . 
   us and turkish interests in nato are currently in direct conflict with priorities of eu . 
  please elaborate . 
  what eu priority is in conflict with eu an turkish interests and what should be done about it ? 
  if you are proposing that the eu explicitly side with assad and russia i do n't see how that would help . 
  the fact that most of the strongest opposition to assad is formed by various jihadists does n't change the fact that a lot of syrian sunnis hate assad 's guts . 
  since hundreds of thousands of them are now inside germany siding with assad could result in very severe blowback . 
  and how would a common eu army help ? 
  just to get away from nato or should it intervene in syria directly ?
