source ? 
  according to crime statistics we had 62 cases of murder in 2012 , which is the lowest amount since the 60s . 
  in 2013 and 2014 we had 87 murders . 
  instead of cherry picking you should see that the trend since the 70s-90s is that crime is decreasing in sweden , especially if you consider the population growth . 
  [ source 1 - swedish news paper ] ( http://www.dn.se/goda-nyheter/antalet-mord-halverat-sedan-90-talet/ ) [ source 2 - the swedish national council for crime prevention ] ( https://www.bra.se/bra/brott-och-statistik/mord-och-drap.html ), 
   and 96 % of the asylum seekers arriving in sweden have no proof of identity source ? 
  i believe that the number is much lower to be honest . 
  first of all , i have to agree with you that my first sentence was somewhat rude and you also seem to be reasonable although we do n't have the same opinion . 
   are you referring to the liberal people 's party 's 2004-campaign in which they presented a report called `` utanf\u00f6rskapets karta : en kartl\u00e4ggning \u00f6ver utanf\u00f6rskapet in sverige '' ( `` map of exclusion : a mapping of social exclusion in sweden '' ) ? 
  yes i was referring to folkpartiet and their report on utanf\u00f6rskapsomr\u00e5den ( alieanted areas ) . 
  i think we have different takes on their report . 
  for me it was clearly an intent to speak out to citizens worried about migration , as they had previously suggested to introduce language-tests and knowledge-tests to migrants . 
   where do you get that from ? 
   i did not mention no-go zones . 
  we 're talking about areas of exclusion . 
  did n't you refer to areas where the police would not enter ? 
  [ the police released a report ] ( https://polisen.se/global/www%20och%20intrapolis/rapporter-utredningar/01%20polisen%20nationellt/ovriga%20rapporter-utredningar/kriminella%20natverk%20med%20stor%20paverkan%20i%20lokalsamhallet%20sekretesspr%2014.pdf ) a few years ago referring to these areas , what some journalists refer to as the no-go zones . 
  according to the police themselves , there are 55 areas in sweden where criminal gangs have a large influence , and the police have a problem to work without being antagonized . 
   there is a disproportionate amount of criminal and riotous behaviour as well as poverty and social isolation in these areas . 
  that is the issue . 
  it is an issue , of course . 
  the problem mainly being that people within these areas also have a low socio-economic status . 
   also , you may not know , but sweden has over two hundred alienated ghettos where ambulance personnel and police are already wary about entering . 
  the swedish ambulance services are soon going to be wearing bulletproof vests , gasmasks and other riot gear when entering some of these areas . 
  this is just bullshit . 
  there are a few areas that are so-called alienated areas , which is a phrase coined by the swedish liberal party when they wanted to gain votes by raising the question of migration in the election of 2004 . 
  the definition of such an area is that less than 60 % of people are working , or less than 70 % are finishing elementary school with sufficient grades or that less than 70 % where voting in elections to the municipality seats . 
  i 'm not going to lie , however . 
  there are areas where criminal gangs are influential , and of course they dislike the presence of the police . 
  throughout the last years , the police have been attacked in a few of these areas by people affiliated with criminal gangs . 
  that does n't make them no-go zones . 
  i have several friends who live in these areas and it is pretty clear that right-wing media ( such as fox news ) is exaggerating the problem . 
  the large majority of people there want to work and live in peace . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue against the fact that it 's a sectarian war . 
  in the beginning of the uprising , for most people , there was an objective to get rid of assad . 
  but how do you even approach groups such as isis that find joy in killing innocent muslims , raping women and pillaging cities . 
  ordinary people are not involved in these objectives and fights . 
  that 's why i get that most syrians nowadays do n't even know why or what is being fought over anymore . 
  i 've met a lot of syrians that came in the last years and it 's so hard to grasp what they 've been through . 
  a country shattered in a few years and no-one seems to know what or why they even fight anymore . 
  hopefully the people who come to europe can continue to get educated and eventually travel back and rebuild the country . 
  sweden has a zero-tolerance on drugs , so both consumer and sellers of drugs are prosecuted . 
  needless to say it makes consumers less willing to seek help since they fear to be punished . 
  what really scares me is that there is close to no political discussion on the side effects of punishing consumers . 
   but still , if all they need to do to attempt to provoke a community to violence is walk down the street saying they are proud to be gay , does that not signify a huge issue anyway ? 
  well , to be fair , apparently no-one in the suburb was provoked by the march and it was very calm . 
  at least thats what the police are saying . 
  there are several neo-nazi organizations in sweden that resemble for instance golden dawn , and they are not in any sense happy with pride-marches . 
  the sweden democrats are not behind this march btw . 
  it was organized by a man affiliated with the party however . 
  the party do not support lgbt-rights , they oppose gay marriage , adoption and they speak about the homo lobby trying to destroy the nuclear family . 
  so , why is a man affiliated with such a party interested in a pride-march in one of sweden 's most famous muslim neighborhood ? 
  ofc , but not more than anywhere else . 
  northern sweden during the summer on the other hand , thats more like mosquito heaven . 
  you 're right , usually no tropical nights . 
  last summer was pretty hot though . 
  i was laying naked with no sheet most summer , but i bloody love hot weather so it was no problem anyways . 
  in southern sweden it does get really hot every now and then , and we have no mosquitos . 
  [ we had some small territories in northern germany and poland ( pommern , wismar and a few more ) , russia , norway and denmark . 
  also larger parts of estonia , latvia and finland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_empire#/media/file:locationswedishempire.png ) but nothing in the netherlands and lithuania . 
  would n't say we had bits and parts of africa , more like controlling a few harbours for some months or years . 
  saint-barth\u00e9lemy in the caribbean is probably the one famous swedish colony that we had for a longer time , but we sold it to the french . 
  got ta give cred to portugal , you 've got a solid team and a bright future ahead . 
  as for sweden , the party is on !, 
  cars honking , people taking a swim in fountains . 
  it 's going to be packed tomorrow when we greet the team in stockholm !, 
  seems to be a northern-southern thing in every county . 
  and people in the capital cities are always considered rude . 
  when i was in rome i bumped into a stranger outside a restaurant and started talking . 
  turned out to be a brazilian guy who felt that italian people were really cold and always avoided eye-contact . 
  he was so happy that someone finally was speaking to him in public . 
  funny how he thought that this swedish guy was social and outgoing in comparisons with the italians . 
  but then again , as a tourist you are generally more outgoing . 
  there was free wi-fi everywhere in romania . 
  this wont come as a surprise i guess , but it 's very popular to watch in sweden with over 2 million viewers . 
  for some , especially families with young kids , it 's the highlight of the year when let 's dance is not on tv . 
  it 's also an important part of the gay culture , at least the last 10-15 years since the show became big here . 
  young people watch it ironically , aware that the music is shit but during the show you really lower your usual standards of music . 
  and whenever we do n't win , the rest of europe and especially eastern europe has a crappy sense of music . 
  it was vaguely formulated and people are of course not guilty until the opposite is proven in a fair trial . 
  however , most charges does not end up in court at all , since the police say that it is impossible to investigate them . 
  it 's a big problem since it means that actually filing a report will rarely get you to court if there are no clear evidence such as bruises or blood in the genitals . 
  * people blaming the immigrants need to know that a majority ( 80 % ) of rapists are known to the victim prior to the crime . 
  * 32 % of rapes are committed by a partner within the household . 
  * very few crimes are committed outside , by someone unknown . 
  [ source in swedish ] ( http://www.nck.uu.se/kunskapscentrum/kunskapsbanken/amnen/sexuellt_vald/sexuellt_vald/ ) the definition of statutory rape is very broad in sweden and does n't need to include penetration . 
  unfortunately , most rape charges are dropped since it is hard to legally prove consent . 
  punish them for any crime that has been done and then try to de-radicalize them . 
  how is that ignoring them ? 
  rest assure that if intel can prove that swedish citizens have committed war crimes in syria or iraq , they will be charged for the offenses . 
  too much oppression creates martyrs and inspires more young people to follow , de-radicalization could be an answer to this . 
  from what the guy said in the beginning about azov battalion , but i do n't speak ukrainian and some claim it 's a staged video . 
  so might as well not be . 
  it 's strange and repulsive to see people commit inhumane acts like this . 
  from what i understood it 's people from azov , the far-right paramilitary group . 
  they attract nazis from all over europe to fight the russians . 
  yeah why not !, 
  but only if your referees respect zlatan 's will in the future , 
  well , if we just move the eu parliament permanently to brussels we could probably save money enough to help all refugees in syria .
