  i 'm not in favour of referendums and i think i actually like the lisbon treaty , but i can imagine how the above set some bad blood , 
  while i agree that the eu could be far more democratic , i do n't think this is a good example of why it 's not . 
  first of all , the referendum was a national referendum , so it was the national government that decided that it had sufficiently addressed its concerns without needing to hold another referendum . 
  second of all , it 's just a referendum . 
  referendums are not the end-all-be-all of democratic systems , and with reason : as i said , most people did n't actually vote about the subject of this referendum . 
  and even if they did , the outcome of a referendum does not give a good answer as to what the people want , what modifications were desired to the treaty . 
  `` negotiating '' with a referendum is not really feasible : should the contents of the treaty be changed every time it is rejected with what people _ think _ the objections are , then be proposed in another referendum , and that as often as is necessary until it is accepted ? 
  so yeah , hopefully if the eu ever stops being beneficial , we 'll be able to elect a new parliament and new national governments to reverse its course , and hopefully that will be enough . 
  if it 's not , though , i do n't think referendums will change that ; other measures are necessary . 
  then again , if the eu stops being beneficial in terms of stopping us from warring each other , then i think it will have disintegrated by itself already :p, 
  no i do n't , but i also do n't have a grudge against her for that reason . 
  i do believe that people who do , do n't do so because she was strong and intelligent . 
  ( your last sentence seems to imply the same . ), 
   the publics concerns may have been listened too and appeased as in the case of ( ... ) the netherlands as someone from the netherlands , i think you 're painting a too rosy picture here . 
  the initial referendum was pretty much a joke because people voted against the eu constitution more as a protest against a million things rather than due to the actual contents of that constitution . 
  afterwards , some minor details were changed , and the lisbon treaty was ratified anyway _ without _ another referendum . 
  yes , that 's the reason , people just dislike strong and intelligent women . 
  has nothing to do with disagreeing with her policies . 
  actually , it 's a _ wedding _ electoral ballot compression device !, 
  that 'll be 499.99 please . 
  it 's got a special ending thingy !, 
  ah i remember , that was because they showed a video of that guy who got show in a museum , right ? 
  yes , the heads of each list get most votes . 
  however , it 's actually votes per party ( i.e. 
  column ) that determines how many seats those parties get , and then the order within that party based on the number of votes decides who gets to sit in those seats . 
  fun fact : they actually needed [ special devices ] ( https://nos.nl/data/image/2017/03/15/361307/864x486.jpg ) to compress the ballots together since they were taking up too much space . 
  ** edit : ** til that the fins have a thing with compressing stuff . 
  this was used for dutch ballots , though . 
  and `` custom-made stick '' might have been a better term . 
  english is not my native language , bite me :p, 
  / r/the _ klaver would like to have a word . 
   whether they 're lies or mistakes depends entirely on whether you like him or not . 
  eh , i think it depends mostly on whether he knew that he was saying something else than what he actually believes . 
  and we ca n't really tell that . 
  whether they 're lies or mistakes or just really tendentious implications , but he e.g. 
  has said fortuyn was murdered by a muslim , or that the higher required age to be eligible for a pension was due to the left parties rather than the pvv . 
  it might also have been another point , but the point is that he blamed other parties when he did something himself , i.e. 
  it was not true . 
   even if he becomes the biggest party which would mean getting about 16 % of the votes iirc , which also explains why it 's not that bad that he likely would n't be participating in the government . 
  ok , i think we 're starting to go circular ( at least , i sense that i 'm about to repeat myself ) , let 's just leave it at this  thanks for your time !, 
   free speech is for citizens with a stake in society . 
  is it though ? 
  what 's the moral reason for not allowing foreigners free speech in a country ? 
   if their business is meddling and prodding tensions in communities if that 's their business , then i 'm all for it . 
  i do n't see campaigning as doing that by definition , though . 
  i am with you in that i disagree with the things they say , but what 's the problem with allowing them to say it ? 
  one of the core tenets of free speech is allowing people to say things that you disagree with . 
  there are limits ( such as inciting violent behaviour ) , but i do n't see which , if any , of those limits would be crossed in this case . 
   suppose belgian politicians walk into the netherlands and start campaigning , that would be quite ludicrous , no ? 
  i do n't really see why yet , no ... 
  i think they should be reluctant speaking in name of their government/country , but on personal or party title , i do n't see why it would be problematic . 
  why would it be `` meddling '' ? 
  is a local politician giving a speech `` meddling '' in the elections , or merely giving people viewpoints to consider ? 
  and especially when they 're giving speeches on non-local politics , such as referendums in their own country , what 's the issue ? 
  ( note that i 'm not good at asking things diplomatically , so please consider that the above are meant as genuine questions , 
  i 'm mostly interested in moral justifications . 
  why _ should n't _ we allow people to speak their mind here ? 
  of the large ones , d66 _ and groenlinks _ are the ones who really understand this . 
  most of the other ones do to some extent as well , and the ones who do n't are mostly sp and pvv . 
  i do n't know that much about the smaller parties , other than that i believe pvdd is somewhat reluctant about the eu . 
  ( only mentioning d66 because you favour them is not helping informing people , i think . ), 
  ah , i see - thanks for the patience and explanation !, 
  ah right , and so part of those 31,42 percentage points are employer taxes , and part income taxes , and those two are different things ? 
  ( sorry i know really little about taxes . ), 
  ah , so you mean including vat , road taxes , etc. , it ends up around 40 % ? 
  hmm , i 'm not sure what you refer to with `` those websites '' , but when the person earlier in the thread mentioned income tax to be around 26 % for the average person , you mean that he/she probably also included vat , road tax , etc ? 
  and what do you mean by `` individual tax rate '' ? 
  is n't that basically the same thing ? 
  afaik in the netherlands income taxes are paid by the employer and directly subtracted from your pay . 
  your last sentence was what i was going at  ( and i was n't referring to rutte i 's demise , but just how the cooperation in general went . ), 
  yeah it does , it 's just that `` being the biggest '' does n't mean as much as it used to anymore . 
  as far as working together : see rutte i. 
  also , see other parties ' stances towards the pvv . 
  eh , we are talking about a span of weeks . 
  support for parties is fluctuating so much ( partly because elections are coming up ) that it almost feels like a farce to hold elections . 
  especially with how many of them do n't exactly seem to have `` forming a government '' as a goal . 
  quite some of them appear to be just fine being in opposition . 
  what he means is that the pvv would 've been the third or fourth party if the conventional parties kept the amount of seats they used to have in the past . 
  yes , of course those seats have partly gone to the pvv . 
  the point , however , is that it 's about as influential as a third or fourth largest party would 've been . 
  he 'll just have to work together with more parties than he would 've had to have done back then . 
  and we all know how well the pvv can work together with other parties . 
     years of recession , cut pensions , massive unemployment , thousands falling below the poverty line , understaffed hospitals , thousands left without access to even the most basic of healthcare . 
  so all of these are problems , but ... could you describe how the eu _ caused _ them , and why that 's inherent to the eu ? 
  i believe they are worrying to you when e.g. 
  supporting a family , but i 'm missing the step from there to being angry at the eu . 
  ( genuine question . ), 
  we just have a really large proportion of anime geeks . 
  i think [ this is the source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eld2awfn9nc ) . 
  there 's not really an `` optimal '' way , given that depends on your personal preferences . 
  that said , we 're not talking just about sending a probe to mars , but esa in general - there 's no data about the former . 
  ( though admittedly , the latter _ is _ rather hard to measure well too . 
  but that means there 's not really an end to this discussion  ), 
  but you did say  it 's not a return on investment but `` return to wider economy '' so i think the difference here is that i , and i guess the other commenters , do consider a return to the wider economy to be a return on investment . 
  top financial contributors : 1/2 : france and germany 3 : italy 4 : uk 5 : belgium 6 : spain nice to see belgium between the larger countries . 
   winning : /, 
  is n't the goal of spending tax money to benefit the wider economy and the population , rather than earning more money for the government 's bank account ? 
  hmm , i do n't really feel less safe with militarised police ( well , maybe slightly , but only due to the pretty much negligible risk of something going wrong with a weapon/its carrier ) , but i do feel very uncomfortable with them around . 
  it serves as a reminder of people seeing me as a target , which is an unpleasant reminder . 
  i 'm not saying there should n't be militarised police .
