ah , and so that 's why you thought it was ugly , 
  huh ? 
  it 's not ordered by poor or rich countries , is it ? 
  ( or in other words : what improvements could op have made ? ), 
  haha wow , i had n't even noticed those . 
  aaah , i was assuming it was too quick , but this is a reasonable explanation as well , 
  it is , yes  reputable enough to trust their judgement on ft , at least . 
  it 's just odd that i ca n't see it on their front page ( yet ) . 
  paywall ... ( and i do n't really know that as well . ), 
  i 'm not familiar with straitstimes.com , but i see _ nothing _ about this in reputable dutch news sources - which you would expect there to be if the netherlands is involved . 
  dutch equivalent : / r/cirkeltrek, 
  i pay a reduced price for my housing due to being a student ( note : the netherlands was not communist-led ) . 
  yes , but my question was why they were told that . 
  is that the situation from which the german reporters were removed ? 
  because that does n't look like a nearly empty street _ at all _ ... 
  still , i 'd be interested to see why they were told not to stand still . 
   when clearing a protest zone for whatever reason my german is not _ that _ great , but i believe the article says the reporters were ordered to stand still on a nearly deserted street . 
  which the reporters say they did . 
  so even if it 's `` only '' forcibly removing some journalist , i 'm still curious as to what the justification for it was . 
  hah , wow . 
  perhaps they 're meant as parking spaces for bicycles ? 
   the most common curse word in polish is kurwa , which can mean a variety of things - damn , bitch , fuck , { insert any word } , and can even serve as a comma . 
  i was just going to complain about having just recently returned from slovakia and not having seen most of the things in op 's post , but then i have n't seen a few in my own country as well . 
  [ they drive in utrecht as well ] ( http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v487/scoub/gvu_921_utrecht_pythagoraslaan_2006.jpg ) , and i think there 's been some adjustments to the roads to allow the bus to drive there - although it 's still a lot of precision work and quite a feat of the bus drivers . 
  a new one leaves about every six minutes and they 're still cramped , so they 're frantically building a tram line since that can hold more passengers more easily . 
  / u/yoho139 did a good job on that , 
  i 've seen the statement that about the same percentage of dutch people were killed as us citizens were killed on the september 11th attacks . 
  what you heard back then was that most anybody knew someone affected by it - and felt this to be a little exaggerated . 
  then my cousin posts on facebook about having lost someone she knew . 
  damn . 
  ha sorry , i had no idea the name had changed . 
  heh , i think pretty much every tla will already be used for many other things , 
  they meet up in several clubs , for example in utrecht : http://www.ssr-nu.nl/ http://www.nsutrecht.nl/ http://ichthusutrecht.nl/ http://sola-scriptura.nl/ http://ksutrecht.nl/ http://www.studentenkerk.nl/, 
  you handed some amazing opportunities for them on a plate , but they did n't finish it . 
  you deserved the win  ( still a bit sour that we did n't get to play you , though :( ), 
  sounds accurate , 
  i would at this point list schadenfreude as an english word . 
  i 've not lived in the other countries you mentioned extensively , but the `` issues '' in the netherlands are just that . 
  sure , some problems , but no large-scale terror or crisis or whatever that would justify implying putting a stop to letting people into the country . 
  that 's what they all say ;-), 
   99 % of reddit  inject some fact, 
  sorry , i 'm getting the feeling that there might be a language barrier making this discussion more difficult , because it 's really difficult for me to understand what you say . 
  i think that miscommunication might be the main reason for the disagreement . 
  but skin colour is inherited , whereas cultures can evolve . 
   end up with all dark brown people  genetics could ruin a culture 0 . o, 
  unfortunately , she is often limited by her party - while i think her intentions are good , she has indicated grudgingly voting against transparency proposals under pressure of her party in the past . 
  something e.g. 
  judith sargentini has not had problems with . 
  actual tl ; dr : sites hosting slander should be responsible for removing it , not sites showing people where the slander is when people ask for it . 
  mistakes you make yourself are your own responsibility , although websites with user-generated content should allow their users to remove content they produced themselves . 
   that 's not to say that the right to be forgotten is fundamentally flawed just this implementation is . 
  you 're not forgotten , it 's just that google ca n't find it anymore . 
  bing might , duckduckgo might , whatever else might . 
  the right to be forgotten would be if the source of the information would be forced to delete it , not the one bring you there . 
  how undisputed is that in norway ? 
  it 's the idea in the netherlands as well , but there 's been a call for harsher punishments in the last years - especially by the two in charge of it right now . 
  if it happens , i 'm really hoping i 'd be able to view it somewhere surrounded by both dutch people and belgians . 
  ... _ especially _ if it 's preceded by a semi-final netherlands-belgium . 
  you are right , of course . 
  true . 
  good luck with that !, 
  that really does depend on the people you hang out with . 
  in my circle of acquaintances , you notice nothing of this . 
  the eu is more a `` thing on its own '' than before , as in : it 's really an institution now where a large percentage of the laws are written . 
  this means it no longer feels like just countries working together ; however , this has not been replaced by a feeling of european unity like e.g. 
  us citizens have over their country . 
  since there still is a lot of attention for national parliaments , mps there can easily blame the eu for unpopular decisions , while claiming the obviously popular measures themselves , without european lawmakers being able to rebut them . 
  ^ this is my gut feeling as a dutch citizen who relatively closely follows eu politics . 
  my gut says the netherlands has a lot of people indifferent to the eu , and those who care pay a lot of attention to those with anti-eu sentiments , leading to them becoming more vocal . 
  for example , even if you 're e.g. 
  pro eu , you 're still very likely to read a story about wilders , leading the media to publish about him . 
  a _ really _ reliable thumb , surely . 
  you know belgium is part of the benelux right ? 
  3 and 2 , respectively . 
  according to the exit polls , so only indicative . 
  although sp and christenunie , also europskeptics , saw wins . 
  perhaps its time to vote according to what the ep does instead of our often unfounded opinion about the eu . 
  the stemwijzers were ridiculous and if all votes were based on that that would definitely not provide for democratic legitimacy . 
  hmm , maybe ? 
  :p though i think it 's a fact that there are many non-native dutch speakers - the weird thing is that dutch is not that often their second language . 
  it 's not about native dutch speakers ( it makes sense that french is their second language if not english ) , it 's just weird that the native french speakers more often have german as a second language than they have dutch . 
  aah , that explains a lot , thanks !, 
  i had the same confusion about spain and france . 
  i 'm still surprised that more people have german as a second language in belgium than dutch , though . 
  only about 100 % off :p, 
  does n't explain the netherlands ... 
  it 's very , very prevalent in the netherlands as well ( more bicycles than inhabitants ) , but the number of cars still is high . 
  we probably have around 2000 bicycles per 1000 people :p, 
  although i love that show , it 's only been aired here since fairly recently . 
  when i was younger , there was this show on cartoon network with two platy ... pi ? 
  unfortunately , i ca n't remember the name , but it was not phineas & ferb . 
  * edit : * [ these ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110205191037/looneytunes/images/d/d8/platypus_brothers.jpg ) were the guys !, 
  they did not actually have their own show , but were side characters to taz the tasmanian devil from the looney tunes . 
  oh yeah , i did n't mean to single out italy as worst example - just as _ an _ example , being a longtime member and , perhaps deteriorated . 
  indeed , hungary is very worrying . 
  i guess that depends on your definition of democracy  i think i 'd classify corruption as undemocratic , just as conflicts of interests . 
  yeah i agree with you on that ( so i hope this would mean that moldova meets the requirements in 2019 , though i have no idea how feasible that is ) . 
  then again , i 'm also a bit afraid of upholding the standards , what with e.g. 
  italy also not always being as democratic as i 'd like . 
  what european idea , weaken the union in what way ?
