  you ca n't really rebuild lost data . 
  but yes , a lot of infrastructure _ could _ be rebuilt . 
  it 's not just the possibility of disappearing though - there 's a lot more that could happen with such an important single point of failure . 
  even with the best intentions , google 's control of what information reaches what eyes means that public opinion might be influenced in ways we would not consider desirable , without any one noticing . 
  i did n't interpret op as meaning that we should n't hand google that amount of control because that is n't fair or that they do n't deserve it , but rather that it is undesirable for us as a society to hand this level of control to _ any _ one entity . 
  and not whatsapp either ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible , but it makes it really difficult . 
  friends ' primary communication methods are through one of facebook 's services , more and more companies are only approachable through them , and if you offer a service yourself , it 's really difficult to reach potential customers without them . 
  every site and every app using google cloud services ( and there are many of them ) would stop working . 
  businesses lose much of their audience that they currently reach through google services , lose funds and go out of business . 
  tons of data will be lost , such as enormous amounts of communication - which includes vital business documents , research data , you name it . 
  i could go on for a while . 
  note that the point is that google did not deserve the position that they 're in . 
  the point is that we should be wary of what disadvantages this has resulted in . 
   you can easily opt out of using facebook i think it 's pretty arguable that you it 's really difficult to properly function in a western society ( or , let 's say , just the netherlands ) when you 're not using any of facebook 's services . 
  i agree with you wholeheartedly . 
  i 'd like to add that google has been about the best you can hope for given an undesirable situation , but i really wonder what would happen when they start being less profitable or when the founders pass away . 
  time to finally ban all those cross necklaces as well !, 
   the orange flag where do you live that they have an orange flag ? 
  think i can get behind your second paragraph . 
  i am ready to adapt that in general public life . 
  i just would n't stop appreciating wearing the swimwear i 'm currently wearing , so i 'd pay for an afternoon where i 'd be able to wear that . 
  meh , if i was in an islamic country , i 'd probably could appreciate being able to wear the swimwear that 's normal for me at the moment , without refusing to integrate or whatever . 
  the term `` realist '' is somewhat idiosyncratic , i think ; it 's used when talking about situations where you ca n't know what reality is ( e.g. 
  the future ) , so everybody will call themselves a realist since what they 're predicting _ by definition _ is what how they think reality will turn out . 
  there 's no telling whether that 's actually the case ; all you can say is whether someone is leaning to the worst ( cynic ) or the best ( optimist ) possible outcome . 
  either is good . 
  ha , might as well say `` idealist is what the cynic calls the realist '' . 
  all the quote says is that sir appleby was a cynic :p, 
  yes , that 's why the issue is n't solved - maybe the rules need updating , 
  he was not serious , and probably also does n't like barroso . 
  ( also , the commission is somewhat within reach of democratic voters . 
  people vote for their national governments , and those each get to appoint x commissioners . 
  then there 's also the council of europe , consisting of government members of member states . 
  and the european parliament , which is directly elected by the people of the eu ( although each country only gets to elect an x number of emps ) . ), 
  these positions are selected from hundreds of positions . 
  it 's no coincidence that some of those have ever worked for a large , multinational company that requires some overlapping expertise . 
  i want my politicians to care about regular citizens as well , but this is just sensationalistic . 
  i like to think i 'm being a cautious , realistic idealist , instead of halfway towards becoming an egocentric cynic . 
  i wonder if it 's true ... 
  and if someone buys a petrol car instead of ten petrol cars , that also costs the government the loss of tariffs . 
  true , i guess . 
  as i said elsewhere :  yeah i mean , you apparently still _ call _ them subsidies , but in the context of discussion , discerning between the two forms is relevant . 
  so no , it 's not _ costing _ them the loss of tariffs , it 's just _ not earning _ them those tariffs . 
  yeah i mean , you apparently still _ call _ them subsidies , but in the context of discussion , discerning between the two forms is relevant . 
  but that then again is not factoring in the benefits ( financial , too ) they provide . 
  increased economic activity can offset the financial costs of maintaining the infrastructure to some extent . 
  of course , to what extent determines whether it 's a sensible investment , but i 'm not sure if proper numbers on that are available , 
  here in the netherlands , cycling is really popular . 
  yet , the average family ( admittedly , not _ person _ ) has somewhere between 1 and 2 cars . 
  we 're still using a lot more than we 're creating . 
  some day , norway 's oil reserves will run out , climate change or not . 
  with the difference that it 's not costing the average taxpayer extra , just not bringing in more money . 
  it 's just like how a $ 10 discount does n't actually `` earn '' you $ 10 , despite what some advertisements want to make you think . 
  iirc ( do n't feel like opening this article as well :p ) , we 're talking absolute numbers , not percentages . 
  thus , if there are more old people but still the same amount of young people , that still means there is less violence , 
  eh , then we 'd miss the schadenfreude . 
  [ apparently ran until 2013 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leonardo_da_vinci_programme ) . 
  the [ traineeships ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/programmes/erasmus-plus/individuals_en#tab-1-4 ) appear to be the most similar currently-running program . 
  [ not strictly . 
  ] ( https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/23541/can-whose-refer-to-an-inanimate-object ) see also the third definition [ in wiktionary ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/whose#pronoun ) . 
  whose is correct , 
  define `` real '' , 
  i ca n't tell whether it was real or not , but it does look like what it 's trying to say is : `` you had it coming , eu '' . 
  in other words , the eu will now have to suffer the uk 's leaving because it `` ignored britain '' . 
  ( this is what i think de 's trying to say , not what i think . ), 
  what do you think all that water is for ? 
  hmm , i think we 're pretty much on the same page . 
  i am wondering , though : does ` pro-turkey ' mean ` in favour of turkey joining the eu ' ? 
  because i 'm ( or at least : used to be ) pretty pro-turkey in it being a pretty reasonable country that was both culturally and geographically very important , but would still not consider them anywhere near ready to join the eu . 
  hmm ok , perhaps cameron is ( i 'm not too familiar with uk politics ) - that 's odd . 
  still , turkey is in no way anywhere close to eu membership . 
  sure , `` want '' them in , but only because that means they will have to take all kinds of measures such as moving away from the despotism . 
  as it currently stands , indeed , they do n't deserve entry yet - and they 're not getting entry . 
   they are being considered full eu membership not really . 
  any reason you 'd have for being unhappy about that is also a reason that they do n't actually make a chance . 
  maybe they have one turkish and one german parent , or are a german-turkish couple , and are glad about both ? 
  and just happen to have different sizes flag ? 
  thing is , we do n't know , so you need some imagination before taking offense . 
  and believe me , life is a lot better if you assume something is unoffensive when you do n't know . 
  http://nos.nl/artikel/2110386-nederlandse-vrouw-al-maanden-vast-in-qatar.html nothing about the holiday destination , and the woman arranged her own lawyer instead of one of a list provided by the embassy . 
  apart from the official meeting on monday no dates are mentioned , and the rest of the info is corroborated . 
   her point is that while things are not as bad as that place right now , the people in control of these areas today are no different . 
  that might be true , but saying `` it 's basically afghanistan '' is something entirely different than `` if we do n't watch out it will become like afghanistan '' - the latter i might agree with , the former definitely not . 
  that said , while i agree that we should always be wary of extreme social control and try to prevent that , i think we should argue for that on its own merits . 
  there is no way you can look at afghanistan 's history and argue that sweden is in a similar situation now as afghanistan ever was , and thus no way to draw conclusions from that . 
  i guess my quoting style might have been a bit unclear . 
  what i meant was that calling the ( indeed undesirable ) `` extreme social control '' to be `` no different than afghanistan '' is an exaggeration . 
  yes , extreme social control is something we should n't want , and yes , it might also mean that we should be wary that it does n't become worse . 
  i 'd prefer it over the current situation in afghanistan any day , though , and i 'm sure pekgul does too . 
  max verstappen winning the f1 . 
  in the netherlands , there 's just one news item at the moment , and it 's not this . 
   basically no different than afghanistan ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ . 
   got called a slut i mean , it 's not what we 'd want and all , but some would call that an exaggeration . 
  yeah i was n't talking about the us ; op referred to representative democracies , 
   it also silences dissident opinions i would n't call it `` silencing '' . 
  these `` party cartels '' you 're talking about are actually representing a far greater part of the population that actually do not have e.g. 
  a strong anti-eu sentiment . 
  the dissident opinions are still heard , they 're just disagreed with by most of the rest of the population . 
  if by `` issues at hand '' you mean `` people i trust to deal with whatever running the country comprises '' ( which is what regular elections are about ) , then i think we come far closer to that ideal with regular elections , yes .
