  given its actual use by a large amount of people already speaking english , and the amount of resources available on it , i really would consider english at present to be easiest to learn . 
  there 's no euronews in the netherlands , at least not among the standard channels where i live . 
  yeah i suppose so . 
  then again , i think i 'm personally more in favour of compromises ( i.e. 
  those who are a small minority only have a little influence on policy ) than an all-or-nothing division ( i.e. 
  51 % of the population has , in theory , all influence whereas 49 % might be unhappy , and a few years later the other way around - charged , of course ) . 
  contained in the [ original post ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gajf16w.jpg ) . 
  as opposed to being two opposed camps , our system is made up more of compromise instead of division . 
  which is why i loved the images of the division of seats in the us and the eu , 
  ah , apparently he only got a job offer and has later been said to work at russia 's `` largest website '' by his lawyer . 
  did snowden not work for vkontakte now ? 
  ah , thanks , i suppose i did get them mixed up . 
  come to think of it , i think the dutch vvd had some posters that were not that different from these as well . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  then again , the pvv ( the dutch extremist party ) has been virtually in the lead as well , but has not actually won this . 
  what does `` win '' mean ? 
  more seats than last time ? 
  more seats than any other party ? 
  and even so , if there was a referendum in the uk about leaving the eu or not , would leaving even be a likely option ? 
  sorry , i thought you were british  i think i was on mobile and could n't see flair ? 
  sorry , i could n't help myself ^ . ^ ( ha , now that i come back to this post i see that it 's apparently even been downvoted . 
  i thought it was funny :p ) * edit : * oh wait , op was n't british xd, 
  third , actually :p, 
  in fact , i think it 's mostly collisions with trucks in their dead angle . 
  in which case helmets are probably not that helpful . 
  reminds me of this post from / r/thenetherlands picturing [ a dutch journalist being interviewed by his chinese colleagues ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ltyrnpk.jpg ) . 
  implying you should cycle as fast as possible when it 's slippery :p, 
  i would be interested in what the most recent case of something like this happening in the netherlands is . 
  because if it did not happen in , say , the last week , the chances of this actually happening over here are negligible - as in , far smaller than of dying in a car accident . 
  of course , this is mere guesstimating , but i 'm still fairly sure it 'll turn out correct when checked . 
  from their point of view , they 're being dragged into a fight . 
  i said nothing about anything being allowed or disallowed - just that it makes sense from their point of view . 
  except that they do not recognise its independence . 
  it would cost less because everybody would have had to buy one , driving the costs down . 
  in other words , i , who already had plenty of chargers lying around , would have had to pay for your getting another one . 
  that said , it also fit in very well with the phone 's philosophy , so it probably was n't for you . 
  of course , a charger was available to buy separately , 
  i love how my phone did not include a charger by default as it 's very likely you have one lying around already ( which i did ) . 
  saves money and resources , 
  i was travelling by bus last week , where each seat had a usb port above it , e.g. 
  for charging your phones . 
  works great if you do n't have an iphone  ( that said : of course you have to trust the outlet . 
  the problem with usb is that it could also be used to sneak viruses onto your phone . ), 
  i 'm not sure what the finnish term is , but `` controleren '' in dutch seems to mean what you mean , but not what `` control '' means , i.e. 
  `` keep an eye on '' . 
  the media should check up on the government and inform the people about the government so they can attach consequences to actions . 
  however , the media should not decide what he government should do ( which is basically what `` control '' means ) . 
  does anyone have an idea for how you can get informed when there 's an alternative , actively modded sub where we can move ? 
  maybe / r/netherlandsexile or something ? 
  bij dezen :p ( remains of old dutch . 
  many dutchmen say this wrong as well ;-), 
  that is pretty arbitrary ( just as sorting on total amount of medals is ) . 
  basically , we picked three rankings to be relevant ( 1st , 2nd and 3rd place ) , but not the fourth . 
  had there not been medals , just sorting on who was best in each game would be far more intuitive . 
  the reason looking at second and third as well is because it is enough of a common occurrence for countries to end up first and second as many times as each other . 
   how can you shoot ~ ~ your own ~ ~ people like that i can hardly imagine myself shooting anyone . 
  70 years without war . 
  check the text when you hover over the comic , 
   do n't react until it becomes clear what the swiss are actually going to do . 
  the government has 3 years to implement what the voters asked for . 
  from the article :  bern announced it had refused to sign a deal opening labour market access to croatia, 
  but that would be arbitrarily creating consequences . 
  this is an _ actual _ consequence of the referendum vote - it 's not a choice by the eu to `` punish '' switzerland for the vote , it 's just the result of the vote . 
  nooooooooooooooo do n't make me go to cracked.com !, 
  yes , but that would make it a problem of the pension system , not of people leaving the country . 
  i know , but that 's a fault of the pension system , not of people emigrating with their own money . 
  again , that is a fault of the pension system , not of having people emigrate with their own money . 
  yes , but it 's taking your own money , and would just as well have been taking your money if it was n't pensioners taking their `` uk paid pension '' , but working people taking their savings and work . 
  good , 
  i think we agree - if you agree that there would also be benefits if young people emigrated to another country to spend their money there  ( and if fact , considering the point you made , perhaps even more benefits , since they 'll also be working and not tax the medical system as much . ), 
  yes but it 's not about what is true , it 's about what the problem is . 
  if the young are paying relatively too much , is the solution then to keep the old in the uk to make them spend their money there , or is it to fix the pension system so the old get a fair share instead of too much ? 
  at least considerably fewer than in krak\u00f3w ( 740,666 ) in 1999 , the actual second largest polish city . 
  agreed , but the fact that the system is bad in making sure that you get what you deserve , does n't mean that what you got and what _ in theory _ is was you deserve , has got to be spent in the uk . 
  so if you treat it as an individual savings account , they saved the money , then when they were old they withdrew it and took it to spain . 
  by earning that money before , they 've contributed to the uk economy , which is represented by the money . 
  i know that 's how it works , but the _ idea _ behind it is that you have paid enough when you were working for the people who retired then , right ? 
  in other words : if you leave the country after that , your claiming a pension should not be seen as `` taking '' from the uk . 
  it 's been two minutes put up damn it !, 
  many people complain about the place they live , 
  your pension is supposedly funded by yourself during your working life , right ? 
  ( although of course not completely true ; in the netherlands , for example , the aging of the population in combination with economic setbacks means that young people are paying relatively more . 
  i 'm talking about the principle though . ), 
  per year ? 
  be aware when politicians shout child porn - when used , it 's often an argument used to implement something they want to implement for other reasons that would not be popular due to a knee-jerk reaction . 
  ( or in other words : even if something does n't work against child porn but enables other things that you might not agree with ; if you have the impression that it 's meant to combat child porn ( and hence `` should probably work , why would they do it otherwise ) you 're still likely to agree with it . ), 
  that 's what it sounded like to me , but according to / u/llehsadam [ that 's apparently not the case ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1vke06/obama_grilled_on_german_tv_about_us_mass/cetd5i4 ) . 
  i already had my share of criticism in terms of the contents of the order , but the way obama worded it in the interview , it sounded as if it was merely a declaration of his intention during his presidency , as opposed to something that would remain valid after the end of his term . 
  so basically , obama 's nsa `` reforms '' are only valid through his presidential term because they 're a presidential directive ? 
  that is , in fact , more severe . 
  even with less competition from young people who are still in school , the rest of them so have trouble finding a job . 
  if those who study longer would actually be looking for work , the rate would be even higher . 
  obviously , but that leeway is inherent to taking a picture . 
  a photographer ( which , i believe , is also often the photo editor ) can also choose to photograph or not photograph certain objects or persons , to use a different angle , and what not , all of which influence perception of a situation . 
  hence , for this perception of reality , we are already trusting the photographer to give us as realistic an impression of reality as possible . 
  photo 's are altered from reality by definition . 
  making them clearer/reflect reality better should not be a problem . 
  ( the post here is , obviously . ), 
  stroop is not all that common - basically means syrup though . 
  70 years without war .
