  i think this is hugely underrated by anti-eu voices . 
  good , then it 's at least not as bad as an actual opt-out filter . 
  so are new customers forced to make a choice ? 
  or do they get the filter without being asked ? 
  it 's pretty bad that existing customers have to undertake action to have it removed . 
  i wonder why they keep referring to it as opt-in in that case . 
  so what am i looking at ? 
  is this applying for a new internet connection ? 
  and if so , are providers obliged to provide this choice ? 
  because this is sort-of opt-in in that people have to make a conscious choice about desiring censorship , as opposed to not being asked at all and it being active none the less . 
   do you still feel comfortable about ticking that box that says you want to see `` obscene and tasteless content '' ? 
  are you sure ? 
  is it me , or does this sound more like an opt-out filter ? 
  under `` opt-in filter '' i would understand a filter you have to choose to apply , as opposed to choosing not to apply it . 
  please do elaborate . 
  heh , just to support you : i think it would 've been more considerate had a translation been given as well , and find it odd that there 's such a ruckus over that remark , 
  :( the netherlands is bottom five of worst democracy scores . 
  it 's not really something we worry about ( often coming up second is pretty good when so many countries are playing ) , it 's just friendly competitiveness , 
  right . 
  i feel like this kind of strategic voting is not right , but i have yet to find a logical argument as to why . 
  i 'm just afraid that that will lead to a two-party system like they have in the us , with the associated sparsity of policy choices ... 
  hmm , but why does the danish parliament have power over you or your fellow danes as opposed to , say , your local town council ? 
  the greens are pretty leftist , right ? 
  it 's interesting to read [ rt ] ( http://rt.com/ ) 's coverage of the events . 
  i did n't even notice . 
  ha , made me think of [ new kids on the block ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h0bjss2ihs ) , although they 're not eastern european but southern dutch stereotyping . 
  the website he linked to ( http://coolmenschool.com/ ) is for the movie , yes . 
  yeah but i did n't really care . 
  however , if i did and someone else had a hunch that there might be more to it , i 'd have wanted them to post it so i could check it myself . 
  that was merely the consideration . 
  easy man : i was merely stating that people interested in this might want to google it since there might be more to it than that . 
  note : _ might _ . 
  i 'm not interested that much so i did n't , but i explicitly stated that people that were would have to check my comment . 
  yeah i read that , it 's just that i recall reading some sources ( including nrc , iirc ) that stated the sharing of cells as one of the reasons as well . 
  do check the facts , but i believe a reason dutch prisons had overflow capacity was because we started making prisoners share rooms where before each would get a separate room . 
  as opposed to the great nations that are the netherlands and belgium :p, 
  in contrast to non-sober ( aka my favourite ) academic affairs :p, 
  if you approached people in a bar asking them to fill the map ? 
  `` ah , the netherlands !, 
  that 's in amsterdam right ? '', 
  but then you have to know what the baltic sea is !, 
  that 's really impressive in fact !, 
  i would n't be able to do much better than a lot of them , and would do far worse on e.g. 
  us states or non-european countries . 
  it 's also interesting to see how many could identify luxembourg , while at the same time not being able to identify belgium and the netherlands . 
  ( and the other way around . 
  so much for the benelux . ), 
  to those not from the netherlands : nrc is one of the big newspapers here , and pretty reputable . 
  exactly  ( and also : joining the eu does not mean adopting the euro . ), 
  would they not also be in trouble without the eu ? 
  or in fact , would they not be in even larger trouble without the eu ? 
  luckily an ipad and nexus are also the cheapest options on the market , so it 's great that they 're `` good enough '' . 
  hehe , although i agree with your explanation , i think op 's comment was a joke on the semantics of the headline :p ( i.e. 
  `` overfishing is important , end it ! '' ), 
   our people tend to fall in love when they party together , but anything on the governmental level goes straight to hell . 
  so basically , the polish and russian governments need to party together more often . 
  hehe , it 's just that when dutch people jokingly talk german , they always do it to imitate either porn or war . 
  ah , of course , warsteiner !, 
  that 's the only brand that 's been mentioned up till now that i actually know , although i would n't say it 's as good as many belgian beers . 
  still , apparently a world of german beers still to get to know , 
  you sure know how to sell it !, 
  - their language sounds perfect in porn and war , and terrible in pretty much every other situation . 
  - berlin is fantastic . 
  which german brands would you say are best ? 
  true , nowadays . 
  especially when it comes to football ... 
  i have n't checked it , but i would guess the banned party is the nazi party , 
   also , military english is very hard to understand . 
  tried watching band of brothers in english once , dear god , that was hard . 
  that 's what subtitles are for , 
  yeah , got ta love dutch stamppot . 
  ... or are they ? 
  lower than france or netherlands does not mean you 're fine , 
  thanks . 
  for those interested , [ a more readable version ] ( http://www.readability.com/articles/wjmudwoh ) . 
  you have to register to read the article : s, 
  haha , i 've got to try buying an axe sometime and leaving with eggs :p, 
  hmm , i thought the georgian alphabet was completely unrelated ( and assumed the same for armenian , but that was based on pretty much nothing and i do n't really know why i did that ) , but ok , 
  i suppose it 's convenient to exclude them , as they 're entirely different families iirc , 
  i was going to reply to the contents of your posts , but ... you actually identify yourself with gelderland ? 
  how lovely  i did n't even know what our flag looked like ... is there anything in particular that makes you proud of gelderland or in another way makes that the culture you identify yourself with ? 
  and kill people when they are 40 , 
  armenia very much so ( it was the first country that converted to christianity in europe , followed by georgia ) , azerbaijan i do n't really know . 
  i think it 's mostly about as buttoned-up as in the picture you linked . 
  so if i were to wear nothing below that ( or a low-cut wifebeater ) , my sister would still complain about being able to see my chest where there is a white t-shirt in that picture . 
   top wearing visible white t-shirt underneath their button-up shirts i never used to do that , but then my sister complained that she could she my chest ... 
  i do n't know what to do anymore !, 
  yeah , that 's what dutch people usually thing and is why i was surprised at this girl 's comment , 
  i deny everything !, 
  i guess , but she was mostly referring to how they use ` gij ` and the likes which , apparently , is pretty informal/sloppy . 
  to me , though , it only sounds cute :p, 
  a flemish girl once said to me that our dutch sounded far more elegant than her flemish :o, 
  hehe , yeah , enjoy your moments there , 
  that 's because in dutch , `` holland '' is just another word for the netherlands . 
  in english , however , the netherlands is the only correct term . 
   the land is nearly all below sea level `` only '' about half of it :p, 
  the problem is that it 's not you deciding what makes you a criminal . 
  the lessons from history that teach us how dangerous that can be are barely a lifetime ago - we should not want to enable that . 
  that , and we should not have to reason why this should not happen ; governments should convince us that it should , and not try to hide it from the public , e.g. 
  in secret courts and laws .
