that 's not unrelated , bowie was/is/will always be part of europe 's culture too !, 
  to make sure you 're not fucked if you ignore it , yeah ? 
  as someone who also never voted for her and does n't agree with her politics ( she 's too conservative for me ) , i never liked the make-over they gave her before her election - i mean , if she wanted that , fine . 
  my point is , i hope it was more about her own wishes than about public appearances . 
  i want my politicians to be smart and capable , i do n't give a fuck what they look like . 
  and i hate the jokes about her that have some variety of `` because she 's not feminine/a woman '' as punchline . 
  fuck that . 
  if that 's the only thing about her people find worthy of criticism , that says a lot more about them than her . 
  i still do n't agree with her politics , and it may be unlikely , but i do hope she found a quiet moment to tell this orange fool what a ridiculous child he is . 
  you 've already gotten a few answers , but with half of them , i wonder what they 're referring to when they say `` swiss german '' - swiss people are more used to switching to a standard variety ( one with a strong accent that a lot of people in germany consider `` swiss german '' ) when talking to germans . 
  the actual swiss german is * not * just `` german with funny pronunciation '' . 
  but then , yes , it does depend on where you 're from . 
  i find dutch easier to follow ( although i do believe there are dialects closer to the dutch-german border that may be easier ? 
  ) , but i understand the cologne dialect somewhat , and that 's a lot more closely related to dutch than swiss german . 
  i really like his creativity when criticizing us too . 
  germans are : - nazis - like nazis - just like nazis - definitely nazis, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kdlmxrmeec ) . 
  and now let 's implement my suggestion , you 'll see it 's instantly gon na make you feel slightly better . 
   i just recently heard an analysis on cnn that compared the gong show with the state of a decapitation-strike where the head of the gong show is not existing anymore and the lower ranks try their best to organize everything on their own . 
  one aspect of this is that mostly generals were willing to take position in the trump-gong show in order to due their patriotic duty to limit the damage trump can do . 
  do we really have to refer to the trump family with their temper tantrums as government ? 
  ca n't we find another term for that , like gong show ? 
  karersee , south tyrol , trentino-alto adige , italy , eu , europe , ** earth **, 
  yes , why do n't the people with cancer not just decide not to have cancer ? 
  maybe they should pray more . 
  i wonder if they have a couple more beds at those pray-away-the-gay camps for those stubborn cancer folks . 
  at first i thought it was all reasonable , but then i got to the part where they 're dating people because of their citizenship . 
  wtf . 
  it 's not the answer to everything , it 's the answer to `` life , the universe and everything '' . 
  no , it 's the answer to life , the universe and everything . 
  does n't mean you can answer any question with it . 
  or opinion and facts . 
  although we 're not innocent of that either . 
  well , as long as you still consider it worth your time to complain about it . 
  or , you know , click on the link ... ? 
  no , that 's not the problem , and you can quote dictionaries all you want ( wikipedia though ? 
  really ? ) . 
  it 's about changing attitudes in society towards alternative relationship forms , and knowing about that when you design a survey ( that , after all , is trying to capture attitudes towards certain behaviours in relationships ) . 
  there 's absolutely no use insisting that the dictionary defines it this or that way unless they clarify that in the survey , because your participants are not gon na look up definitions , they 're going with what they think , and that 's basically questionnaire design 101 , not leaving anything open to interpretation . 
  for your definition , sure , but i , for example , would 've applied a different interpretation . 
  that 's what i 'm saying : without clarification , everyone 's mind will go to their own definition . 
  that 's why proper survey questions need to be very explicit , without room for too much interpretation . 
  as long as the question does n't state whether the affair is secret or consensual , the answers wo n't say much anyway . 
  it 's not my problem you do n't know how to make an argument , but do n't go and tell everybody how the mean people are oppressing your free speech and not listening to your arguments when you 're not even making one . 
  thanks for proving that you do n't even know what free speech is . 
  it is not people not listening to you . 
  look it up . 
  as for your previous edit , i loved that too . 
  yes , i do know how to do research . 
  i am , in fact , a researcher . 
  what i 'm not is being paid to do your research for you , so i 'm not going to . 
  this is not how it works . 
  you have a claim , you back it up . 
  i 'm not playing this game of how you 're a poor , misunderstood martyr and i 'm calling you all these evil names ( except i 'm not , those are aaaall in your own posts , which i find very entertaining ) . 
  and i 'm literally telling you that you ca n't expect others to make your arguments for you . 
  if you think you can base your arguments on stuff you read on reddit , if you think subreddits not permitting everything people want to say is against free speech , then sure , that 's your argument , it 's just a terrible one , and it has nothing to do with free speech . 
  if you ca n't evaluate the worth of your sources and arguments for yourself , you ca n't ask the ones you 're arguing with to help you make a stronger case . 
  you know , as most people , i sometimes have arguments with myself in the shower , but i 'm really not into doing that on reddit , so how about you defend your own opinion , instead of asking me to do it for you ? 
  that 's not how it works , you ca n't claim something and make me do all the work to prove what you believe in . 
  also , none of the `` sources '' you name have anything to do with free speech , going back to where i 'm suspecting people who make these claims have no idea what that even means , and are just cranky people ca n't be forced to listen to them . 
  well , if you claim there 's no free speech , anecdotes are n't gon na cut it , and do n't feel all mistreated because a stranger on the internet is n't gon na cross the atlantic to prove an outrageous claim someone made . 
  if that 's literally all you have , i do n't feel dismissing your claims is unreasonable at all . 
  and what experience did you have ? 
  what did you do ? 
  who prosecuted you ? 
  edit : nah , this bugs me too much . 
  seriously , the burden of proof is on you . 
  you claim a country like sweden does n't have free speech , well , prove it . 
  and not with this `` you can go yourself and see '' bullshit . 
  no , you ca n't say `` i subjectively believe there is no free speech in sweden '' , when that 's objectively not true ( hint : being criticized for your political opinion does not mean someone is taking your freedom of speech ) . 
  but since you 're listing sweden , poland , and turkey right next to each other , i do n't think this discussion is gon na be productive either . 
  i do n't think it was implied - if if was banned , why would an import shelf fix that ? 
  you do realize that brexit happened before trump was elected ? 
  and insisting that free speech in sweden is limited , well , that 's just garbage , it 's basically american propaganda . 
  and people who fall for it apparently do n't understand that spewing the most vile things you can come up with at any time and at anyone is n't free speech . 
  if you 're not american and think everyone looks to them , you should be worried about the amount of propaganda you 've internalized . 
  ( edit : well , if you 're american , that 's still the case , i just find the saddest cases are the ones where propaganda is so effective even people from other countries believe it . ), 
  it bugs me that we talk about this like it 's an american thing . 
  brexit , le pen , wilders , and other right-wing nationalists in and outside of europe are n't american inventions . 
  trump is part of a global trend , but not the cause or origin . 
  that 's our own societies ' responsibility . 
  man , i 'd love to travel in russia someday . 
   merkel never felt strongly about this . 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_erfnte1hgw ) and let 's not credit her for saying she 's against discrimination , when she defended discriminatory politics , and agreeing with the courts , when her party did n't have a choice and even complained in that year about the court making progressive politics . 
  listen to her . 
  `` mir geht es um das kindeswohl '' ( to her , it 's a matter of children 's well-being ) . 
  yeah . 
  can we please finally stop excusing everything she does with `` it 's not her , it 's her party '' ? 
  she 's just an old conservative who , despite all the evidence that debunked it , still buys into homophobic propaganda , which is the only reason she could even be surprised by this . 
  edit 2 : fixed a stray half sentence . 
  also : it 's 2017 !, 
  you do n't get a cookie for finally allowing it , dammit !, 
  everyone who upvoted posts to the front page ? 
  read the comment , thought `` oh , you 're austrian then ? 
  '' , got back to the thread and checked - yep . 
  anyway , do you not get annually scheduled laughing time , or do you do that somewhere else ? 
  no , wait , i 'm not in the basement yet !, 
  am i the only one who thinks the german one looks sinister , or is that just me being german ? 
  the [ us embassy in amman ] ( http://www.jordantimes.com/sites/default/files/styles/news_inner/public/5937085106a46f904942e37dc20bb8f03ae305da.jpg?itok=ysoso__e ) looks like a crusader castle .
