  or you can just use https://startpage.com/ to get google search results without the filter bubble and the tracking . 
  that said , i fully recommend a vpn to anyone and everyone . 
  see / r/privacytoolsio and the / r/privacy sidebar for help . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  i hope you 'll continue to try and spread awareness , 
  why were n't you trying before that ? 
  what happened 3 days ago ? 
  according to the bot this is behind a paywall . 
  here 's the full article :  as european governments scramble to foil the next terror attack , in part by pushing for greater digital surveillance powers , 600-year-old ku leuven university near brussels is creating some of the [ hardest-to-crack encryption anywhere ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/in-belgium-an-encryption-powerhouse-rises-1449791014?mod=ls1 ) . 
   leading the charge is prof. bart preneel , a 52-year-old leuven native , cryptography professor and privacy stalwart . 
  he is on a globe-spanning crusade to safeguard privacy through stronger encryption . 
  that crusade -- and the technical advances made at his lab to help deter prying eyes -- has made him one of the world 's most important voices in the crypto debate . 
   preneel says europeans have been fighting for hundreds of years to get the right balance between the powers of governments , corporations and individuals . 
  that carefully constructed balance , he says , has been destroyed by governments ' increasing powers of digital surveillance and the growth of u.s. tech giants whose business model is based on hovering up masses of personal data . 
   here is an edited transcript of a recent interview with prof. preneel . 
   wsj : how do you see the security-privacy balance ? 
   preneel : there is no balance : without security you ca n't have privacy , but also without privacy you ca n't have security . 
  where you come down on that question just shows your political viewpoint . 
   wsj : you have a special bone to pick with the nsa and its u.k. equivalent , gchq . 
  what is your problem with them ? 
   preneel : governments have a defensive role and an attacking role , and the problem in the u.s. and the u.k. is that this role is in the same agencies . 
  that means that in these agencies you have the attacking people who can demonstrate big needs -- there 's a war here , an impending attack there -- so they will always overrule the defenders . 
  in the end , the u.s. will be less secure because inside nsa the power balance is not correct , and the government will install backdoors to encryption which can be exploited by others . 
   wsj : but governments argue that they need access to encrypted communications that terrorists could be using , to thwart their plots . 
  is n't that a legitimate argument ? 
   preneel : i understand security needs and we need some protection , but we need to audit and control this . 
  in europe -- less so in the u.s. -- we have been fighting for hundreds of years to get the right balance between government , companies and individuals . 
  i fear this balance has been destroyed . 
  the government has all this information and the balance of power in society is at risk . 
  i 'm very pessimistic about whether this power will ever be given up . 
   wsj : but wo n't digital surveillance better intercept plots that are hatched over encrypted communications ? 
   preneel : regarding the syria fighters , is it really by spying on everybody and tracking everybody that you will stop them ? 
  or should you actually go to the communities where the people are vulnerable , and follow them there ? 
  these people will become better and better at evading surveillance . 
  i think that with current technologies , we have surveillance way beyond what is justifiable , needed and acceptable for society . 
  people who know they 're being watched behave differently , and the people who make the biggest changes to society are the people who think and act outside of the box . 
  by creating this surveillance society we get a conformist society where there is no political debate about where society should go ; you get a controlled society . 
   wsj : can you describe what your crypto department does with industry ? 
   preneel : companies come to us with hardware or software in which they 've hidden encryption keys . 
  to find the keys we do calculations , and during those calculations their countermeasures get triggered . 
  but we keep developing better techniques to hack their stuff . 
  it 's a hacking race . 
  it 's about hiding stuff with a lot of statistics and mathematics , and adding noise . 
  it 's called security by obscurity . 
   wsj : what 's your view on how silicon valley giants treat their users ' data ? 
   preneel : my mobile phone is more powerful than a cray supercomputer from the \u201980s , yet there are all these technology companies that want me to believe that it 's not powerful enough to store my photos and data on it . 
  i think all this data can stay on my phone and i could back it up on my home cloud . 
  why should this data go to the tech giants ? 
  which could make nl complicit . 
  not saying we are , because that 's for a judge to decide . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  you seem to be glossing over the fact that these are innocents . 
  all the cooperation in the world does n't void war crimes . 
  under dutch law , the incident mentioned in the article might be considered a war crime - but a judge will have to decide if it in fact is one . 
  not much yet . 
  story broke this morning . 
  some defensive reactions ( `` they 're only in it for the money ! '' ), 
  and some who sympathize ( `` if it were my kids who died , i 'd be doing the same thing '' ) . 
  like i said , people here e-mail back and worth with their general practitioners and mental health caretakers , 
  if you 're doing this on public wifi , and you 're not making sure your e-mail is transmitted over encrypted connections , anyone could just grab your stuff . 
  it may not impact the more skilled user , but it will definitely have an impact on businesses operating in the uk . 
  if you want to sell iphones in the uk , the software on it needs to be in compliance with uk law . 
  and that 's just one example . 
  thanks for your explanation !, 
  our parliament has two chambers : the house of representatives , and the senate . 
  when a bill is presented by the sitting government , it goes through a standing committee , then to the hor , and then to the senate . 
  all except the senate can propose changes to the bill . 
  the senate carefully vets it , but can not change it . 
  they can only vote yes or no . 
  in practice , the senate gives advance warning to the hor if a law is unacceptable . 
  this is quick and dirty tl ; dr. 
  it 's best to try to make sense of this : http://www.houseofrepresentatives.nl/how-parliament-works/how-bill-becomes-law https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_netherlands, 
  this . 
  in the netherlands , the amount of healthcare professionals and government and bank employees who do n't know this is staggering . '', 
  can you e-mail me a copy of your passport ? '', 
  `` here 's a confirmation e-mail of your police report , complete with your social security number , full name and address . '', 
  `` please e-mail us your diagnosis and the name of the medication you 're using to get a prescription renewal . '', 
  it 's technically against the law , but no-one is enforcing it . 
  i 'm going with # 3 . 
  as for # 4 : as the uk does n't really have ` a ' constitution , can uk judges weigh laws against it ? 
  the netherlands , for example , does have a constitution , but only parliament can weigh law proposals against it . 
  judges are not allowed to weigh enacted laws against the constitution . 
  how does that work in the uk ? 
  what ? 
  if the uk passes a law , apple will have to change their software or their products will be illegal and banned from the uk . 
  i do n't see apple stopping sales anytime soon either , but they are already publicly fighting for encryption , both in the press and in the courtroom . 
  it 's not foreign politics to them . 
  it 's one of their markets . 
  if they bow to the uk government and cripple their software for them , the us government and market would n't be far behind . 
  because they do n't want to abandon their strong privacy and security image that they 've carefully built since snowden and the fappening . 
  the comment in question was about [ this article ] ( http://9to5mac.com/2015/11/02/apple-encryption-uk/ ) , which might help explain it . 
  apple has been very vocal about encryption in the past year , in response to attacks from both the us and the uk government . 
  not that it 's likely that they would pull such a stunt , but they 're definitely not standing idly by . 
  because very few people actually understand the importance of encryption , let alone how it works . 
  there 's one way to get people in the streets . 
  as / u/numberonesuperguy said in a [ different thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/3r8xwo/the_uk_government_is_apparently_banning_end_to/cwlx2k1 ) :  if apple really wanted to , all they 'd have to do is stop selling iphones in the uk for a day and the public would have cameron 's head under a guillotine until this law got repealed . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  are you referring to the story , or what the uk government is doing ? 
  i do n't believe there is any proof to support your claim , but if you want to convince anyone , you should put your case forward . 
  just yelling something does n't contribute anything to the discussion .
