ok , back to / int / now, 
  hm a mega channel journalist makes a political party and asks us to vote for him . 
  seems totally legit i guess . 
  we need more proof that you 're intending for our good , mr. theodorakis . 
  bring it on and we 'll see, 
  he and his wife ( a failed tv presenter - maestro called evgenia manolidou ) are the modern greek equivalent of louis xvi and marie antoinette , they live in their own bubble and they do n't even give a shit about what happens in the rest of greece i can not even comprehend how many stupid greeks are voting for this fucking idiot since it 's not his first time saying shit like that . 
  they love provoking with their words and they showing their indifference for every single one of greece 's problems . 
  he has even said in the past that the current mp allowances ( which is at most cases ** more than 7000 $ / month ** ) are not enough and they 're barely make ends meet jesus christ , i 'm ashamed of people like these . . and even more now , since he 's an elected member of our `` parliament '' . . 
  afaik gema does n't care whether there is music or not in this stream , they just ask youtube to block them because they assume that at some point the broadcasters might play music which is under copyrights in germany . 
  it 's so stupid , i wonder why nobody has ever try to stop this madness with gema censorship, 
  how about you guys show some good faith and start giving those war reparations to greece ? 
  what ? 
  nooo these are lies , everything is going good , we even have primary budget surplus and the success story of mr. samaras continues ... / s, 
  why is greece in debt ? 
  cause we 're stupid and ignorant , that 's why . . 
  i 'm sorry for what you 've experienced and i really hate it when people are discriminated for their beliefs or even for what music they like . 
  i was listening to metal in my highschool years and some of my friends are still devoted metalheads but i 've never seen anyone bullying them for their choises ( well , except some old grannies who think that metal music was created by satan lol . . ) . 
  police and army officers are total jerks on these matters ( according to my buddy who was a reserve artillery officer ) unfortunately the painful truth is that people are discriminated a lot during their army service . 
  and of course , vandalism and abuse against everybody ( no matter their beliefs ) is totally unacceptable from my part , you ca n't claim you 're a proper christian or person when you treat other people like shit . -  why i blame greek society for the actions of what we call the deep state ? 
  because they knew and saw , and elected to turn a blind eye to everything , even if they pretended to be tolerant themselves . 
  i ca n't agree more with that , you 're absolutely right . 
  also , it 's not only about the deep state , it 's about everything . 
  we were promised a good future from our parents and all we got is our fatherland broken in pieces , infested with corruption and a disgusting greedy political system who only cares about their luscious lifestyle . 
  i just hope we , the younger ones , will be able to fix it somehow . . 
  here 's the thing , facebook is kinda like a community , there 's a difference between surfing on google and see offensive pages and having them appearing in your main page . 
  i do n't recall any other similar instance of selective religious laws enforcement as far as i can remember . 
  still , people in greek cities are more open minded in matters of religious freedom so i consider strange the fact that you 've experienced this kind of problems , unless then you lived in a village or provoked somebody, 
  it 's not about bias , the government enforces these kind of laws selectively for certain reasons , mostly to prevent vote bleeding to gd . 
  as for the said page , it became utterly annoying at some point and it was appearing to my feed mainly from friend 's interactions . 
  telling somebody who disagrees with what was eventually posted in that page to simply log out is n't democratic nor respectful and ca n't be justified with freedom of speech, 
  it 's not my job to enforce laws , but also , according tou our constitution , all citizens are equals before the law , so this applies in both ends . 
  and if you want my opinion , people who defile sacred sites ( just like the ones you mentioned ) should be taken to court , since i respect every other being , no matter his beliefs . 
  still , freedom ends where others begin . 
  i 'm a christian orthodox and the pastitios page was , as i said , a really good way of critisizing the abuse of elder paisios name for profit , bu then , some trolls entered the page and started an endless mockery and disrespecting of christian with every possible offensive way . 
  still , sending a person to jail over this is even worse than blasphemy , to be honest . . 
  according to article 14 of the greek constitution , blasphemy laws also apply for `` every other known religions '' and after all , freedom of religion is a fully constitutional right . 
  now , about dominant religion here , most are identifying themselves as christians , whether or not they got to church every sunday i followed this page on facebook before it was taken down , the founder criticizing the `` paisios '' phenomenon and the whole business behind his name , but soon after the page was filled with trolls and malevolent people who used to mock everything about christianity . 
  of course , sending a man to jail for this is plain stupid and the government should focus on more urgent matters instead of that . . 
  it 's on wikipedia , mate . . 
  eastern attica , there are at least 5-10 cars in the towns around me ( most of them being used by farmers and wine producers ), 
  indeed , it was a really simplistic design based on the 2cv chassis which became really popular here . 
  i still see many of these cars around , since they 're reliable , easy to repair and their not only that , but also nissan had a factory in volos which was closed some 20 years ago iirc , with our then-government pressuring the japanese to nationalize the 50 % of the factory . 
  of course , they did n't succumb to this deal and later on , they closed the factory and left our country for good . 
  talk about success stories in greece in the last 35 years . . 
  the [ namco ( citroen ) pony ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-h48-drgcd98/ts-rg5hdaai/aaaaaaaau6u/ohrdwbp6ads/s1600/citroen-pony.jpg ) ... 
  we 've got a long history of hero figures here in greece . 
  some of the most notable are : [ ioannis kapodistrias - giovanni capo d'istria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ioannis_kapodistrias ) [ theodore kolokotronis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theodoros_kolokotronis ) [ eleftherios venizelos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eleftherios_venizelos ) [ alexander ipsilantis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_ypsilantis ), 
  you 're gon na be dissapointed , this ai n't youtube or some golden dawn demonstration . 
  because our politicians consider themselves as absolute rulers rather than being elected in their positions . 
  of course , our prime minister is no different since he always wanted to prove himself in front of the rest of new democracy ( especially to those who kicked him out of the party in the early 90 's ), 
  a perfect choice , voting for a party of rich mps that advocate a return to drachma , a move that will cut our gdp by 50 % and impoverish 3/4 of the population , while most of them have their savings in foreign hard currencies ( panagiotis lafazanis , nadia valavani and others ) or have invested in real estate in foreign countries ( dimitris stratoulis , valavani again and others ) yeah, 
  fyi , the colonels regime had a great economic legacy from the democratically elected governments before , in reality they just continued this industrialisation process that got eventually halted by the `` blessed '' socialist andreas papandreou, 
  woah , why so much ? 
  things like that never work out tbh . 
  in our case here , if a homeless person decides to fill his tax papers , he will be charged 300 euros too because the state `` assumes '' that any man or woman living in greece needs a base of 3000 euros per year to live , so you 're supposedly taxed 10 % over this `` imaginary '' sum, 
  in the past , yes , there were many cases and unrecorded incomes have been a traditional problem over here nowadays most people are jobless either way, 
  there 's no such thing over here . 
  what we have is basic taxation on imaginary income you 're a jobless student with 0 personal income ? 
  nah , no benefits of any kind for you , best thing the state can do is to charge you 300 euros for having no income !, 
  \u0391ccording [ to this video here ] ( https://youtu.be/yw8i-ashm24?t=505 ) ( 08:30 ) , this situation was advocated in the macedonian schools at the past . 
  the journalists of the said show are reputable here , so they did n't speak bollocks , but still it was shot in 2007 i think , so your schools might have changed that right now, 
  yeah my fellow european ally , it is offensive at some points . 
  especially when [ the current government of the republic of macedonia literally teaches their own children that this map was a reality ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k5gy1bh.gif ) at some point and greeks have stolen their identity and lands at some point , since they 're not slavs but in fact direct descendants of the ancient macedons . 
  irredentism can be very stupid at times . 
  here in greece especially , it cost us land and blood and this is why we have set it aside for good . 
  greece is the best place in the world as long as you do n't stay for more than 2 months . 
  glad you 've got good time here, 
  ahhh so that 's why sultan recep is building this huge-ass palace to live in ? 
  he did a spectacular race in your very own circuit in 1998 , too , 
  schumi is one of my childhood idols and i never knew he even went to sarajevo to help the children there and witness the horrors of the yugoslav wars . 
  a great man and a great driver he is , for sure . 
  i wish he 'll be ok someday, 
  that trust was breached permanently by the 1974 cyprus events and by the imia crisis of ' 96 . 
  and personally , unless the turkish government decides to back off their nationalistic and imperialistic claims against neighboring nations and understand that the ottoman empire was dissolved 100 years ago and it 's not coming back , i do n't see how our nations will be brought closer ( and before someone tells about the junta and the coup d'etat in cyprus , you must remember that this does n't absolve turkey from the full blown invasion and their war crimes there ), 
   recognize northern cyprus to be an independent nation sure , this will happen the same time eu recognizes the independence of crimea , novorossiya and transnistria . 
  i mean , it 's the same situation over there for an outsider plus recognizing them will be like acquitting the invaders for their crimes, 
  lol syriza 42 % just wait till the new `` reforms '' hit the market and by christmas the most they 'll get is 15 % . 
  either way , greek polls are not to be trusted in general , especially when other polls give the centrist union 3-4 .5 % while this one does n't even mention them, 
  why is that ? 
  only golden dawn and kke ( communist party of greece ) are the only anti-memorandum parties left and none of them is ever gon na get the majority in the parliament . 
  and definitely people understood that austerity is here to stay , maybe forever, 
  nah , not all athens has high rents , but the bills are those that fuck up the family budget . 
  in fact rents have decreased in many areas on the other hand , electricity price has been increased by almost 60 % since 2009 , basic products also have increased prices while wages & pensions have been butchered ( not talking about those with 1000 + euro pension ), 
  then come here and try to confirm this myth you claim judging from bucarest how people live in athens with your only clues being facts you 've found on the internet is pointless, 
  i ca n't be sure if it 's a trollish comment or she 's talking seriously , either way it 's a 3 year post i hope for the sake of all of us she has changed her mind . 
  especially during the last weeks, 
  i 've checked some of his comments , he probably thinks he 's smarter than everyone else in here, 
  sorry lad , check my original message again , i 've translated it , 
  are you pretending to be oblivious ? 
  let 's say you 're gon na buy a product at the price of 100 euros . 
  from these 100 euros , the 23 % of the price , making it 23 euros , are the vat ( it 's 13 % for food related products ) if the seller does n't issue the receipt , it 's like the transaction never happened and he can keep the vat money for himself . 
  if he does issue it , the state gets the 23 % and these are added to the public income , from which you 're expected to get back the money you gave us as loans, 
  the first comment ( by a user called martha ) on the link you 've provided made me cringe edit : loose translation of the comment  so , more expenses for the merchants ? 
   signs , pricing menus , they might even send 1-2 `` good '' guys to fine us because we have n't changed the old with the new menus ( that will depict the message ) . 
  mercy , how much more low can we fall ? 
  personally i 've stopped issuing receipts and even if i wanted to give , everyone of my clients gave them back to me and say `` i do n't want it take it out of my sight '', 
  noted , but only the future withholds the truth on your claim . 
  i have alwayd wished for the best for all my european allies let 's see how the result plays out on tomorrow 's eurogroup, 
  but unlike you , i do n't want to see other people suffering  i 'd even buy you a beer if you were here , even if you told such things to my face, 
  those are not the persons tasked with the voting process , those are probably electoral representatives ( i hope i got the term right ) of the parties , probably antarsya ( far left , currently out of the parliament ) and syriza,
