  we 're doing this all wrong , fellas . . 
  add the fact that mykonos is the paradise of abysmal tax evasion and you 'll realize this thing was going to the wrong way all along i still believe that reduced vat should be reconsidered for all the remote border islands ( samothraki , limnos , rodos , mytelene , chios , samos , leros and the most important of all imo , castelorizon ), 
   i 've always heard a story that the greeks do n't have a proper cadastre [ 1 ] so that could be something to reform . 
  we have one , [ national cadastre & mapping agency sa ] ( http://www.ktimatologio.gr/sites/en/pages/default.aspx ) and from what i know it has already registered the vast majority of our land  also , the greeks have some deposits of rare earth metals that 's also true , but judging [ from the evergoing chaos of the skouries gold mines on chalkidiki ] ( https://www.google.gr/search?q=gold+mines+greece&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=f1zwvcezcyyesah0nihadq#safe=off&amp;q=gold+mines+greece+protests ) , mining rare elements could take a long time it 's not only the protests , many citizens will surely get the state to the courts of council of state ( the supreme administrative court of greece ) or even to the central eu court . 
  please , tell me you 're kidding . . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tanea.gr/news/culture/article/5149510/h-sebillh-kerdizei-ta-xrhmata-ths-ikarias-apo-ta-gyrismata-toy-game-of-thrones/ ), 
   wow . 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
  pretty much that sums up everything that has happened in my country since the restoration of democracy in 1974 . 
  in this case , as you said , tourism for both our countries our biggest mean of income . 
  when game of thrones , the most popular tv show in the world , comes to knock on your door and asks if you can use your property to film their stuff , you do n't send them away . 
  as a matter of fact , you should even bypass all the bureaucratic laws and open the doors wide open to them . 
  and we did the exact opposite thing . 
  got producers wanted to film on the [ beautiful island of ikaria ] ( http://www.boro.gr/contentfiles_2015/photos/travel-choices/ikariabest.jpg ) but our glorious bureaucracy sent them away , straight to seville , spain i mean , it 's not like we 're in deep shit and most of our gdp is heavily based on tourism , which also happens to be our most important `` industry '', 
   the question is , why ? 
  because the whole political system was based completely upon favoritism , cronyism and nepotism . 
  to change this you need to change minds and the hope for this lies to us , the younger ones . 
  or at least , those who stayed behind and did n't leave the country, 
  i agree with you , greece is n't of course doing ok because of many variables , most of them caused by our very own own temperament and unwillingness this one user though has a history on posting things with a note of disguised loathing against greece, 
  let the hate flow through you , luke . 
  since when the 36.3 % that elected syriza represents the rest 63,7 % that did n't vote for them ? 
  because what you 're doing right now is associating the entire greek population into a single corrupted way of thinking and ideology . 
  what i see in your post a total detestation for everything that has do with greece . 
  does n't matter though , when you 'll get here someday i 'll buy you a beer , 
  you seem to love hating greece , are n't you ? 
  it was indeed smooth , but you ca n't completely blame them for the messed up economies . 
  they have grown up indoctrinated on a socialist economic ideal and they 've found themselves in a middle of a huge change from that to capitalism , the biggest enemy their beliefs . 
  there was only one choise , you either try to adapt to the new status quo or you could stay loyal to the same thing that 's been keeping you poor and underdeveloped . 
  some of them , like in hungary and czechoslovakia , were eager to jump on the train of change . 
  others , like ceausescu , were stuck to their hardcore ideals and paid the price in the end i 'm glad to see most of them doing well today, 
  the transition from communism to western democracy was brutal in most former socialist states i 've heard a lot of stories from the 90 's that made me realize that although we 're in a big mess in every term , where we are here is definitely not the bottom of the barrell and i just wish we wo n't repeat the mistakes of the past because since our liberation in 1821 , we 've been following the same patterns . 
  if countries like bulgaria , that were in a bigger mess than we are , can do it , then we can do it too, 
  hey we 've got one greek there , [ theodore margellos , a guy that bought cds of the failling hellenic postbank ] ( http://www.antibaro.gr/article/3409 ) and had close relations to george papandreou . 
  if you have n't experienced the mess called `` employement in greece '' , dude really , you got no idea have you seen the the twelve tasks of asterix ? 
  the part where the protagonists go on a public service building and try to get a permit ? 
  this is how everything works in greece , especially employment, 
  indeed , at some products our prices are lower than your , maybe because the regional difference ( eg : oranges , tomatoes and lettuces ) i 'd thought you guys could correllate a lower wage with a lower cost of living , but as i see it i was mistaken , it 's almost illogical that a former socialist country has to compete with the prices of an old eu member as for the wages , as i told before , nowadays it 's not how much you get but if you 're getting paid at all . 
  this is the worst part of all of this mess , this situation makes you feel useless because you ca n't get a job and if you manage to get one , you 'd face a ton of challenges before you even get your first paycheck, 
  wan na exchange our average wage with your products prices ? 
  if you really want to know , the only thing keeping our median/average wages high in the charts is the public employees . 
  private sector ones are getting less than half for 12hours stints ( 200 euro per month in some cases ) . 
  and it 's ideal if you 're getting paid at all nowadays, 
  i 've learned it recently and i was amazed , both our nations have always had good relations between them but i was n't aware that one of the most iconic personalities of byzantine empire was half serbian a true leader till the very end of his life , they said he even tore his ornaments and fought alongside with his subordinates in the last stand of constantinople, 
  interesting fact : the mother of the last byzantine emperor , constantine xi paleologos , was in fact a serbian princess, 
  still , if you got to the fb page of the said restaurant , there are thousands of germans that respect greece and that particular businessman and apologized for all this mess a single guy caused for every idiot of this world , there are 10 others who have class and respect towards all the others, 
  i sense you irony here but do you really believe that any of us , the common greek folks , laid his hands on the mythical amounts of euros the imf and ecb gave us ? 
  did you think you made our lives better or even so , that anything has changed at all ? 
  do you wan na know how old are my shoes right now ? 
  or how many trousers i 'm left ? 
  or how many euros i owe to the electricity company ? 
  or how many money a job in greece gives now if they pay you at all ? 
  or how many youngs are leaving greece for the uk and what this does to our society ? 
  or how much corrupted and arrogant some people here still are , especially those who managed to lay their hands of the money you fellows gave to greece ? 
  you saved the banks and those who got money , my friend . 
  not the greek people , like the one you saw on the op, 
  if this is what you 've made out of the whole post , you 're mistaken . 
  the very same principles apply to all of us , ** especially ** us , the greeks i did n't like seeing some of my own mocking germany with nazi cosplaying and sketches . 
  actually , it was horrendous, 
  i wish all europeans would say that , because [ other are still spending their petty lives hating ] ( http://www.dw.de/greek-restaurant-targeted-with-hate-mail-in-d%c3%bcsseldorf/a-18293995 ) europe is like a big family with many members . 
  others are hardworking successful individuals and others need to find their balance in their inner equilibrium , all they need is some encouragement from the fellow family members , not humiliation and irony like it 's some forgotten prodigal son, 
  we all have greed inside us , it 's how much you can control it . 
  greek society has n't only gone bankrupt in the economy , it has also gone bankrupt in general we 've forgotten what we really are . 
  odysseas elytis said once * `` if you deconstruct greece , you will in the end see an olive tree , a grapevine , and a boat remain . 
  that is , with as much , you reconstruct her . 
  '' * with that in mind , we will revive ourselves and our country . 
  this is our basis, 
  this is what makes me feel proud of being greek , solidarity and cooperation will solve our crisis , which is more an ethical matter than an economical, 
   what the hell are they doing with 15000 employees ? 
  this question should be applied for every state owned company in greece . 
  all of them are filled with useless personnel that 's impossible to get rid of , with the best example of this being the former olympic airlines and i 'm not talking about those work on the high voltage transmission towers , those in my opinion deserve a raise because they 're risking their lives while fixing the problems of the electricity network , i specifically referred to the fact that the most money are gon na go to the pockets of the useless unionists , who already enjoy huge paychecks and benefits those people last year , during one of their many `` wars '' against the cuts imposed by the last coalition government ( nd and pasok ) , were turning off the electricity in whole towns just to pressure the government . 
  and yes , you read that correctly , they used a public good as a mean of political pressure nobody in greece likes them except syriza and its followers , who did n't even object those wage raises, 
  i actually have the french delf a1 but it 's a bit of rusty after 10 years of not using them thank you for your advice though :-), 
  we both live in greece so we know that there 's a huge road ahead before anything gets reinstated , if it 's ever gon na happen the raises on dei are a fact though, 
  i did n't see the government having the same urges to raise the minimum wage of the private sector , as they have back pedalled completely about that . 
  but again , the governments in greece never gave a shit for anyone in the private sector, 
  i still have n't fulfilled my military obligations , being the only one in my house that knows how to make taxes and stuff via the online systems and i 'm seeking out for a job locally to get sone money to pay the bills and for the army expenses, 
  and while they sought to give a 10 % raise to the unionists of the national electricity company . 
  and while there are millions of us jobless out there . 
  it 's clear that barely any of the populist mps of syriza is listening to what varoufakis says . 
  he was talking to a giorgos papadakis , a known tv personality here some days ago and he informed him about the raises i 've mentioned earlier . 
  varoufakis seemed surprised and said that `` if that 's the case , then we have a trouble '' . 
  god i hate this place , if i could , i 'd get out of greece tomorrow morning . 
  this whole thing is going nowhere, 
   greece spend way more than they could afford at last , you got us . 
  now i should hide my 3 ferraris , my 4 chalets on the swiss alps and my 15 million euros in cash :'(, 
  you said it all , the solution of this problem must come from a joint act between all of our states . 
  we ca n't point fingers at the other states and accuse them of not doing their job properly when the greek naval border between turkey and greece is supposed to be the european border between europe and asia when the eu wants to get shit done , it gets done ( see russian sanctions ) . 
  and the immigration crisis calls for that . 
  the previous government did exactly this ( before 1-2015 , new democracy and antonis samaras as pm ) and you do n't wan na know what was happening within the walls of those camps gangs of immigrants intimidanting other immigrants , abuse , violence and extorsions , even black market for basic stuff plus the riot police had to be on guard 24/7 because immigrants would revolt . 
  and all those things happened before the massive refugee/immigration waves of 2015 . 
  this thing needs to be solved by a common act from all the eu members , not just by greece , germany , czech republic or anyone else on their own, 
  we wo n't hold 2 million people inside our borders because mrs merkel decided to call them in . 
  we have our own serious problems that have been caused by the crisis and having 2m + people in here would only create a massive chaos if the european union was n't just a bunch of hypocritical bureaucrats , they could have persuaded turkey to keep them inside their borders , since their country is a safe spot and proceed them from there . 
  [ but those bureaucrats ca n't even force pakistan for accept 30 immigrants back ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/europe-migrants-greece-pakistan-idinkbn0tm0p920151203 ) and you ask us to keep thousands and thousands here , probably for ever what a great union , yeah, 
  greeks have been among the warmest supporters of the european union , up until the point countries like those of the v4 have started to blame us for everything bad that has ever happened and asking us to yield and allow turkey to roam freely inside our borders . 
  how would they feel if greece told them to allow the russian army inside their own countries ? 
  would they like it ? 
  about the macedonian issue , if the governments of the fyr of macedonia set aside their [ nationalist dreams and irredentism ] ( http://reuniting-europe.blogactiv.eu/files/2013/04/macedonia.jpg ) and decide to open a dialogue over the naming issue , greece will be more than happy to vote in favor of their integration and [ extend our cooperation and suppoort at even greater lengths ] ( http://www.thetoc.gr/eng/news/article/greek-businesses-employ-40000-fyrom-workers ) . 
  i believe this happens because v4 countries are greatly benefited by their vicinity with germany , which allowed them to rebuild themselves after the wall of the iron curtain . 
  no sane `` modern '' politician would dare to cause any troubles to a such beneficial relationship , like the one they have with germany at this moment , even if they were the ones that invited all those people in here with the most official way , the mouth of the chancellor .
