  being from america , you would think you know freedom of expression . 
  just as other people find it comical that you think they 're bring forced to wear it in germany . 
  because germany should n't be oppressive to their citizens or residence . 
  culture is a weak argument . 
  just say for xenophobic reason . 
  it got to sting that america has marriage equality before germany, 
  it 's true but people do n't feel comfortable shafting the rural areas for urban cities . 
  plus democracy does n't allow iti, 
  why are they idiots for believing in freedom of expression ? 
  people do n't have choice in what country they were born at . 
  why should the country expect citizens to be loyally ? 
  how long are you non native if your family lived in uk for three generations, 
  easy , they are minority in germany , hence want liberalism . 
  they 're majority in turkey , hence want social conservative policy, 
  and then people question why do n't they assimilate . 
  how can you assimilate when the majority do n't accept you . 
  i do n't think german automakers and french wine would allow for embargo / s, 
  ca n't really disagree with that . 
  idk , not knowledgeable on how the law works in france, 
  how sad that france became this low, 
  since when has muslims pushed legislation or rules that hurt others ? 
  this is just bigots being bigots, 
  fair enough , sorry for jumping the gun . 
  i tried replying earlier but was notified the content got deleted . 
  seems to have a good point . 
  why you have to put pakistan on full blast , why not just say sweden . 
  a question with a question ? 
  okay , no but i 'm not russian . 
  uk has it way easier than german . 
  at least being british is n't an ethnicity so integration into britain is as easy as america or canada, 
  do you really trust your current politicians with nukes ? 
  children are n't racist or homophobe from birth . 
  their environment leads them to be . 
  i ca n't see how national indoctrination is n't the same as religion . 
  nationalism is an irrational standpoint, 
  because i did n't want to have to bear the burden of explaining why they 're bigots and antisemitic, 
  england probably because of london and them being anglophone speakers, 
  because then the international community would actually start giving shit to what happens outside their borders, 
  whether you like it or not , globalism is here to stay and the world will likely be more connected than ever before . 
  nations will cease to exist in substitute for federation, 
  what a ridiculous assumption and paranoia to the highest order . 
  you 'll fit right in with lizard people, 
  i bet most people enjoy him smacking around the top politicians as though they 're mates . 
  now , if there was someone that could do this to junker, 
  cause he 's a jew who is into multiculturalism / s, 
  it does n't make me want to ban skirts and makeup . 
  it 's indoctrination to the highest order for kids who did n't developed mentally, 
  you do n't know social structure forces women to be feminine like school uniforms and workplaces ? 
  switch hijab to skirt and see how ridiculous your statement seems, 
  it 's hard not to see the similarities . 
  anyone with half of brain would be uncomfortable with the image, 
  they 're not mutually exclusive, 
  because refusing to allow people of certain geographic to come is a form of discrimination , which is looked down upon by western civilization . 
  because eu countries respect human rights and freedom of religion, 
  she 's an epitome of pragmatism . 
  killing her dog wo n't shake her goals . 
  such a low effort to compare with saudi arabia . 
  eu countries should compare with those that respect human rights value, 
  merkel and obama have better relationship than cameron, 
  honestly it 's because the population is n't social conservative . 
  the party aligns with the public views, 
  canada is a country of immigrants , the cities belong to all canadians not just white, 
  my uncle must be ecstatic and fuming with national pride . 
  i 'm never going to hear the end of it, 
  i wonder what used to be the big topics before the migrant crisis, 
  atlanta hip hop scene is really thriving . 
  the dab came from there . 
  it 's logistically impossible without breaking eu rules, 
  in europe with an american flair ? 
  yes it 's too much to ask, 
  unfortunately i 'm still in college and have n't gotten into the job market yet . 
  being in the eu and having a lot of opportunities to work in other countries must be a plus but idk if you want to leave croatia . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't give you a good advice because i 'm not experienced, 
  because it 's a regressive outlook, 
  bro , that is definitely a crazy amount to feel grateful of in a developed country . 
  people get that much in a week . 
  surely that ca n't be right , only 500 ? 
  is it a blue collar job or are there skills needed for it, 
  sweden changed from the savagery of the vikings to now . 
  it really puts time into perspective, 
  rip ... just like jesus , we 'll remember you for your sacrifice . 
  what led you to think that ? 
  do you personally experienced or have facts disputing it ? 
  who 's their candidates ? 
  that wolfe guy blundered so bad , it showed the incompetence of ukip, 
  do n't worry , it was n't only eastern european immigrants they were against . 
  they are staying awfully long there, 
  people do n't want to see themselves as xenophobes and be oppressive, 
  how do such simpleton up vote this crap ? 
  people do n't even know what they 're arguing about, 
  would it be wrong for me to hope in some kind of twisted way that trump wins just to see the meltdown, 
  compared to what other countries have for their head of state in europe , merkel is jesus, 
  i respected her criticism of saudi arabia and the palestinian issue , but this really is baffling . 
  except for mena and south africa , i do n't think africa is more racist than white countries, 
  i thought she was better than this . 
  i do n't mind getting raped if it was from an attractive biologically women, 
  the opposite is letting turkey succumb to russia 's influence and middle eastern theocracy . 
  it would benefit europe tremendously if turkey progressed to eu standard . 
  same for eastern europe . 
  care to refute their opinion or ...
