  they 'll be in a disaster if uk leaves single market anyway . 
  how scotland will fare if they join eu will be answered by how ireland will cope now, 
  why suffer along with uk when scotland can suffer the same fate and finally be independent of england control ? 
  there 's a difference being bias and throwing factual inaccuracies, 
  when will isis claim responsibility for my broken window ? 
  that was truly heartbreaking . 
  on paper , they 're just numbers but individually humans with their own experience . 
  france mena residence knew french and have long connection with them . 
  germany doesnt, 
  because it was logistically impossible to deport migrants that their country is refusing to cooperate . 
  that was bush, 
  how daft would someone be spending their fortune trekking to europe and settling in liberland, 
  i bet the majority afd voters never read their manifesto . 
  otherwise npd would have those numbers and some, 
  france is 2nd to welfare below nordic countries . 
  the migrant crisis has shown europe 's incompetence . 
  this has been going on for 4 years yet no one had a clue that arab spring will result in migrants ? 
  i would support ireland . 
  i just like it that she 's conservative . 
  if the host country does n't put effort in reaching half way , it 's on them failing to make the immigrants welcomed, 
  france burkini ban was local news, 
  that 's a supposedly danish skit, 
  why not ? 
  how ironic that they banned the syrian born danish mp when his views are probably close to nauru, 
  did n't think muslim women were devastating europe, 
  what a bullshit excuse on france . 
  there 's africans living in ghettos and other immigrants that are not muslims . 
  france does n't like anglo culture and suppresses english content . 
  maybe in middle east but not in europe . 
  even burkini ? 
  that 's madness and just punishes the victims rather than the core issue . 
  it 's political theater of seeming to do something yet not doing jack shit, 
  it takes both sides to integrate . 
  but you need to show documents while traveling to sweden from copenhagen by train . 
  could n't go from norrebro to malmo directly . 
  chill damn . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  just need to cross the border, 
  yet workers do n't feel as though they 're living in prosperity , hence brexit, 
  africans are typically friendly especially west and east africa . 
  just be wary of getting swindled or scammed, 
  maybe can into germany, 
  lol , maybe that 's the motive of burning cars, 
  why does harry potter not count ? 
  it 's literature on all counts, 
  i 'd rather be in sweden ghettos than middle east or africa but do agree that the government was incompetent in handling the migrant issue . 
  sadly the teachers do n't agree, 
  ancient greece would die in shame, 
  reducing corporate tax is probably a good compromise if the loopholes are closed, 
  i was okay with eu parliament voting for it and did n't have an objection but i do see the importance for national parliaments to have a say, 
  there are good things about the deal but nothing is set in stone . 
  ironically iberian share culture with mena, 
  no , in saying italy and greece card about the migrant issues but there was no solidarity in the eu until it hit full force . 
  not really . 
  that 's the same as saying that muslims should be tolerated since they 'll become terrorist if oppressed, 
  ukrainians are not refugees in poland but migrant workers . 
  italy was rescuing the migrants and greece as well . 
  i do n't see anyone else handling the migrants crisis better . 
  the other countries besides italy and greece did n't care what happened before it hit their borders, 
  uk , because the language and culture . 
  anybody would be offended that they 're country is refused so aggressively that they would cry . 
  i 'm offended and i 'm not romanian, 
  or denmark . 
  i have n't seen a more competent head of state in europe better than merkel . 
  without her , the eu is doomed . 
  looks like the two sides are n't budging . 
  i am interested in whats the thing that 's non negotiable on both sides . 
  teresa may and co want british rights , not human rights . 
  to say human would mean non british citizens, 
  thanks poland, 
  how 's life outside dublin ? 
  are people living well or is it the same as in north england, 
  they are commonwealth citizens . 
  the subtle racism is disturbing . 
  ukrainians are given work visas and shit working conditions . 
  it 's not in poland generosity that they 're there but only for exploitation, 
  i 'd their political ideology does n't fit with yours , it 's a problem ? 
  way to demonize a group . 
  good job, 
  unfortunately it is from what i 've experienced and i was raised as a muslim, 
  poland can into western, 
  i meant the person you 've replied to . 
  ignore this troll . 
  you allowed others to make that choice for you . 
  there heads been pro britain olympics articles up voted, 
  i do n't like farage , but he does n't deserve to be compared to this vile being, 
  but it 's not going to reduce immigration to tens of thousands which i believe most leavers want . 
  both sides are not going to be happy with the outcome, 
  freedom of expression is allowed if it does not break the law or deemed unconstitutional . 
  well non eu immigrants have tougher time entering uk so they are just against uncontrolled immigration . 
  what 's the downside of having marriage equality ? 
  do n't you want people to have equal rights ? 
  would wish for italy to push their weight, 
  humans would colonize mars before that happens, 
  we are all somewhat heavily interested in specific topics . 
  just came from leicester and seen plenty of niqabs . 
  even though i do n't like it , would n't support banning it as well, 
  arab tourist ? 
  majority of them live there . 
  there 's still neo nazis in germany and they have a relatively strong following,
