  i do n't think a non european would choose hungary over sweden . 
  i thought mena generalisation was fair game here . 
  that burn is against international law, 
  look at turkey, 
  i do n't think croatia wiggle except that kind of deal . 
  why withhold tunisia when they have their own security risk internally, 
  it will be swedish colony do n't worry, 
  deport her lol . 
  i 'm not surprised what humans are capable of , just disappointed, 
  you do n't think a politician stealing money is more damning than a regular bloke ? 
  there 's levels to this shit, 
  it 's surprising that the 4 asian tigers and china even gone this far . 
  it 's more damning that a military personnel commits crime than immigrants . 
  immigrants damage their own nationality reputation . 
  the other damages the military, 
  are you denying this ? 
  white males are the most prosecuted group in europe . 
  military men should n't be doing criminal activities on foreign soil , much less on their respective countries . 
  you think armchair specialist on this sub have more understanding on international relations than the politicians themselves, 
  you do n't have to take in an african country to have a mutual energy trade benefit . 
  in 50 years , au might be like eu today . 
  you should n't feel unwelcome in britain . 
  it 's all propaganda . 
  read the rules of this sub . 
  this is n't wild west . 
  we 're supposed to be civilised, 
  i 'd rather eu give them economic free trade than eu membership . 
  let african union do it themselves, 
  you have n't seen maps of gdp circlejerk ? 
  rich people are untouchable . 
  rich diplomats is a double whammy, 
  you ca n't hurt authoritarian except full on sanctions and even that does n't work in iran and russia . 
  they 'll say europe imperialism are at it again and their own populist will fight it . 
  i hope the constituents reflect the candidates they 'll be putting in, 
  you 're not thinking this through . 
  those countries have authoritarian dictators . 
  you think the funds reach local population ? 
  he 's all talk and no concrete realistic solutions . 
  europe mods do n't condone racism, 
  no need to attack eastern european to defend muslim immigrants, 
  we should care because they 're white ? 
  identity politics ... 
  what better way than to export it to countries that already have their own problems . 
  you reckon nordic countries would ever agree to this ? 
  reminds me of league of nations, 
  if spain had superior economy , people would be moving to mediterranean countries . 
  look , i think usa is a great country . 
  i would love to live there . 
  however , it 's better to be poor or low class worker in europe than america . 
  that 's what i meant, 
  yeah , that 4th amendment is working great . 
  besides freedom of speech , religion and guns , the other bill of rights are compromised, 
  in america , you have freedom to be poor . 
  they belong nowhere, 
  how many people actually vote ? 
  the pew research shows the world 's population of religion , not just africa . 
  the person above was talking about africa only, 
  ca n't be surprised of dpp . 
  they 're like ukip . 
  why would n't they have similar ideals, 
  what 's gov doing these days . 
  hopefully if labour split , then they 'll change their mind, 
  brits are for death penalty of polls show, 
  at least telenovela have attractive actors/actresses that are eye candy, 
  the person voted and donated for ukip . 
  their priority lies in hard brexit , which the tory party is willing to do . 
  they could 've join forces with other parties to introduce proportional voting system, 
  what happen in sweden, 
  if that was the case then assange would 've been extradited, 
  stop , i 'm getting a hard-on, 
  he would commit sedoku seeing modern greece, 
  the music had a middle eastern flair, 
  there 's a low bar for presidents in america . 
  it was a terrifying time where any dissident were labelled traitors . 
  dixie chicks have n't recovered, 
  people were clamering about america opening a free trade deal with uk . 
  they needed to hear it from the source, 
  kenyatta and his corrupt goons would n't allow it . 
  long term economic plan, 
  she did call it radical islamic terrorism . 
  sadly i agree with this . 
  hopefully macron already knows the solution to it however bad it may be, 
  it would be humane to profit off of people drowning in sea . 
  how human centric, 
  this is new eu nationalism . 
  they think they 're better than backward people who are nationalist yet ca n't see they 're the same, 
  i 'd say let consumers choose to have the option of purchasing, 
  i think jizya can help tax avoidance from being a thing, 
  not dismissing that . 
  got the source for that so i can look it up ? 
  uk is a paradise of tolerance compared to continental europe . 
  where do you get that statistics ? 
  last time it was below 5 percent, 
  you would 've never seen muslims accepting homosexuals but as the social paradigm shifts and it becomes normal , i see changes however miniscule it is, 
  neo nazis whole mantra is hate . 
  that 's their motto . 
  muslim is a religion . 
  it depends on the person which text they 'll cherry pick . 
  you think western europe is n't racist ? 
  food aid is country productive in some cases where their agriculture local market is flooded .
