  edit : i forgot about michigan . 
  detroit and water, 
  minnesota seems to be the only midwest state that saying compared to its neighbors, 
  people are really over exaggerating about the immigration problem . 
  it still is a problem that really needs to be solved but it 's not a crisis that will fundamentally affect sweden . 
  just because you respect the referendum result does n't mean that you are a leaver . 
  surely those who see the opportunity and the good things about brexit would be the most qualified, 
  majority of conservative mps are remainers . 
  both cameron and may are remainers . 
  i do n't see why you 'd vote for a party which favor something you fundamentally oppose . 
  they 're out of touch with leavers . 
  ukip still has something 's to contribute seeing as uk might be in eea . 
  i enjoy you trolling and getting people worked up . 
  keep up the good work, 
  at least let them have their history . 
  that 's the only thing going for them . 
  i take freedom and protection of human rights over authoritative measures . 
  i do n't trust giving that much power to the government, 
  how does it feel voting for a party that wishes to stay in the eu . 
  surely they do n't have your best interest, 
  apparently german cars are more important for the eu then it 's institution, 
  minority certainly do n't consider themselves as europeans . 
  it 's hard enough to even identify yourself as the nationality in which you belong if you are a minority, 
  dog whistle, 
  sweden social aspect is very different from mediterranean countries, 
  poles are everywhere . 
  a bit surprised about them being in iceland, 
  we 're taking back control . 
  you lost , shit up and get on with it, 
  you would n't say that if it was you being discriminated . 
  so you 're basing this as one single issue . 
  people do n't care as long as you come from muslim background racists will label you as muslim . 
  it 's the one drop blood rule for mixed whites, 
  anyone can change their name in documents . 
  what you 're in favor of is discriminatory based on ethnic , not nationality, 
  europe countries signed refugee treaties so in fact they are obligated to take in refugees, 
  western civilization would 've failed long ago if all it took was this to abandon liberty and human rights, 
  so you 're saying that unless palestine wages war with israel they 're not going to get the right to self-determination ? 
  it 's not in the interest of israel to keep the status quo . 
  the international community has gotten tired of israel 's reluctance to stop illegal settlements . 
  there may be sanctions against them if they continue to do so . 
  self determination should n't be begged for . 
  palestinian need to let go of right of return and is really need to let go of illegal settlements and agree to 67 borders . 
  i do n't think israel is also acting in good faith since the illegal settlements are still active, 
  i fail to see how israel ca n't defend their borders and just let palestinians control their own fate . 
  i 'd palestine acts up irrationally , the whole world will favor israel and the international community will put sanctions . 
  until then , this status quo is dangerous since palestinians have nothing to lose . 
  that 's the tragedy of commons but for nationalists vs humanists, 
  scandinavian countries are very welcoming towards eu citizens . 
  it 's not exactly a good place for social interactions compared to mediterranean countries , however universities are free here and plenty of jobs for those qualified . 
  i swear if mediterranean countries had economy like north , if would be perfect . 
  the weather , food , beach ,, 
  i just love reading these kind of comments just for entertainment purposes . 
  there is ireland ... 
  but idk . 
  i guess i 'll blame my younger self for not taking french or german seriously . 
  those who stayed in uk would file for uk residence so only those who have n't stayed there for five years , have no jobs , or no family relative will leave . 
  i forgot that brits can move to ireland even if brexit happens . 
  at least you guys got plan b, 
  your forgetting that brits living in eu will come back . 
  a country that speaks english and london is very enticing . 
  people do n't have time to learn another language, 
  then do n't bother posting if you ca n't back it up, 
  egypt is not controlling gaza maritime waters and their port, 
  so no sources or counter argument, 
  the scottish referendum argument for staying was because of scotland having to reapply for eu . 
  now that they voted no , it changes everything . 
  it goes full circle, 
  i thought we grew past that primitive mindset . 
  i ca n't wait until there 's robot phobia, 
  those short term fixes will only prolong the inevitable . 
  either you tackle the problem head on to the core or make it intensify . 
  either way , any israeli politician who brings a sensible plan will have career suicide . 
  it just takes your opponent attacking you as weak and sellout . 
  sadly it 's difficult to get jobs with an immigrant name in scandinavia . 
  immigrants have harder time succeeding than natives . 
  a couple of years ago , people were killing based on identity . 
  in this political climate , bringing up federalized europe would help the far right with more power . 
  there 's a reason why the founding eu fathers did n't have confidence for their citizens to see their vision, 
  it 's not about making an example out of uk but treating them as any non europe country . 
  who 's going to pay the pensions of old people once they retire ? 
  i would expect them to build wall in their own territory . 
  no one would have any legitimate criticism of a sovereign country defending their own borders . 
  at the cost of apartheid . 
  ca n't imagine being segregated on using different roads and sidewalks in your own country . 
  i fail to see why palestinians have to beg for sovereignty . 
  either you believe in self determination of you succumb to creating 2nd class citizen, 
  there 's always the uncertainty in all this . 
  however , scotland sees it 's future in the eu . 
  just like how leavers were saying that everything is n't about economics , i feel that votes are more swayed by euphemism and feelings than pragmatism and compromise . 
  if uk does decide to stay in the single market , i do n't think scotland will leave . 
  this all depends on what deal uk gets from eu . 
  last referendum was about scotland needing to reapply the eu and many people voted no because of economic uncertainty . 
  now people are going to feel the repercussion either way so i do n't think there 's anything holding scottish people back except for unionists, 
  i doubt westminster would deny scotland from second referendum unless they want to show scottish that they have no rights is self determination . 
  he also has irish citizenship . 
  the funny part is that there 's barely any immigrants besides the english that live in wales . 
  also wales does n't have as much rights as us states do, 
  it 's the public responsibility to new informed when making political decision . 
  you ca n't have the government hold media to account,
