  not enough to do something, 
  they do n't trust their own government to veto it, 
  germany is more fertile hence humans have more space to line rather than turkey . 
  i thought some of northern irishman came from scotland settlers long time ago and is the reason why they do n't consider themselves as irish, 
  uk was for america, 
  doing trade with countries that are less wealthy than you is considered exploiting ? 
  you 'd rather we have protectionism ? 
  i 'm surprised as well since this is my first time learning it, 
  that 's what anti globalist are afraid of the world being at an even playing field, 
  i think the poster is talking about the commonwealth in general , not just malaysia . 
  it 's definitely uncomfortable from a non european perspective . 
  i enjoy it when they do n't, 
  you 'll have christian groups working very hard for your case . 
  it 's not too day that christian charity groups do n't do a tremendous job helping refugees no matter their faith . 
  of they are willing to trek a long journey into europe , i do n't see it too far out for them to convert, 
  the ones that have been x rayed were surely the only ones that were suspected of their age . 
  they are not going to x-ray an obvious child, 
  i was always confused with this logic of voting for afd . 
  `` they 'll never be in power but i will vote for them to show my displeasure with my party '', 
  why greece ? 
  why would someone be a bigot if they use eastern europe for geopolitically reason just like middle east ? 
  when you sick out like a sore thumb , it 's next to impossible, 
  why am i not surprised it 's from the danish people 's party, 
  i still do n't understand why they ban that but allow dailymail and breitbart, 
  they just keep it to themselves and segregate their community . 
  even though american or canadian identity is more centered around european , it 's still a shared identity whereas dane has identity rooted in ethnicity . 
  it 's more difficult for minorities to consider themselves dane than it is american or canadian and that was the point i was trying to make, 
  france was not a homogeneous country in the first place, 
   integrated muslims in europe is for the most part an illusion . 
  of course there are a few success stories , but the majority is the complete opposite of integrated . 
  integrating minorities in an ethnic homogenous society is an illusion . 
  being a dane is n't like being american , canadian , or australian . 
  dane is an ethnic as well a national identity . 
  forget about muslims , even white europeans feel hard to integrate and be accepted in nordic societies . 
  forgot that the amendments do n't apply to foreigners, 
  education is n't a reward wtf, 
  press f to pay respect, 
  the muslim ban is n't allowed in us constitution . 
  why should muslims in denmark consider themselves danes when the queen herself said the opposite . 
  plus can you see yourself identifying as iraqi or egyptian if you lived in those countries ? 
  so the obvious thing to do is punish the children . 
  what an enlightened thought, 
  uk is very open society compare to europe . 
  they just do n't want open boarder, 
  refugee and economic migrant is n't mutually exclusive, 
  moving to a different country does n't stop you from being a refugee . 
  he does n't just dislike it , he wants it to be destroyed . 
  imagine what would happen to western europe if that happen . 
  it would affect all of us badly . 
  it 's a bit naive for you to think this sub is n't an echo chamber . 
  are you a mod ? 
  because his views on the eu, 
  did n't say that , just surprised he 's taken seriously here . 
  no , do n't want to get in that ever again, 
  ca n't believe people still take him seriously, 
  france and italy are suppose to mitigate the burden but , i would n't wait for them, 
  there 's a difference of criticizing migrants and using dog whistle dogma to rile up the populace , putting society at risk, 
  clearly europe does . 
  yeah , but shaming others is a dick move, 
  whenever someone bring up soros , it 's conspiracy theorists, 
  the catch is that it is a privilege, 
  you have a naive view set . 
  living in america , especially at the boarder states , you could see the tension akin to the black population . 
  latin american immigrants bring their own problem that cause friction with americans . 
  it 's not rosey feeling which you paint . 
  i do n't think it 's in the interest of the kid to punish their parent . 
  that 's a no true scotsman fallacy . 
  democracy of the best system by default , until there 's technocracy or some other better system . 
  yes , but wilders does n't seem to have any intention of getting in power . 
  commonwealth can vote as well , not just uk citizens, 
  sadly it 's true . 
  right wing is more enticing in this social time than left wing, 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous that luanda is one of the most expensive cities in the world, 
  is that why you do n't have a flair, 
  what do you expect ? 
  they want to suppress every group but their own, 
  not everybody in england is english . 
  englanders is a good term for people living in that region, 
  or the gambians , wait ... 
  he has no ambition of running a government . 
  once they 're in power , the whole anti establishment shtick runs dry . 
  what is wrong with you denying their nationality ? 
  do n't call me racist or i 'll vote for the far right . 
  what idiotic logic, 
  if anything , that poster is dedicated and consistent in sharing his views on never allowing turkey in the eu , even for thousands of years, 
  eu does n't need nationalism to have eurosceptic viewpoints, 
  nothing surprising coming from that party . 
  no , we 're swedistan and an islamic country . 
  people are literally being mad converted . 
  all hope is lost . 
  they did n't make it systematic to one demographic, 
  those countries do n't give a fuck about their citizens inside their countries . 
  it 's going to take bribe to incentives them to care, 
  we ca n't tolerate intolerance . 
  they are not toddlers . 
  it 's condescending to think they needed to be treated with kid gloves, 
  victim complex is ever so strong in r/europe . 
  at least that is what everybody has in common here, 
  swedish left hate jews ? 
  then swedish right are racist .
