  i wanted to live in america . 
  still do but not at the moment, 
  white women majority voted for trump . 
  wtf, 
  why would you be against eu providing incentive for turkey to be a liberal country, 
  who 's the best head of state in europe ? 
  no one comes close to merkel, 
  can they be less of america 's bitch ? 
  even america is welcoming europe 's military capability, 
  their work environment is enough for anyone to commit suicide, 
  brexit was going to happen eventually . 
  it was because of ee migrants , not refugees, 
  why would you want to live in denmark when you 're from canada ? 
  eu is mostly french german alliance . 
  without either of their approval , nothing goes forward, 
  you really think france would allow their influence to lessen ? 
  maybe they do n't have middle eastern roots ( i used the wrong word ) but they are more middle eastern than europe . 
  good luck finding a place to rent, 
  lol you 're wrong, 
  their population is a start , which would make them 2nd must influential country after germany . 
  i do n't see france letting go of their power . 
  plus europe sees turkey as non european with their middle eastern roots . 
  so are africans and south east asians yet they get lumped with them . 
  which is a shame, 
  we both know there was no way europe would accept turkey even if they checked of every criteria . 
  so 14 is old enough to have sex with grown men yet their minute when it comes to crime ? 
  that 's a hard pull to swallow, 
  that 's too low, 
  i really question their parents priorities over their kids if they pick tradition over their kids wellbeing, 
  i understand those paranoia when it comes to usa looking at the history . 
  relationship just need time to build . 
  not common in the west after 911 . 
  parents must hate you if they name you osama . 
  i reckon nobody names their kids hitler or adolf in germany, 
  spain was in the wrong anyways, 
  no sane person wants war , that includes clinton . 
  circumstances just force you to, 
  it 's better to take the problem before it gets out of control, 
  someone named osama is fucked for eternity, 
  i 'd wager he will dance in different tune than what people expect once he 's in power . 
  he never came off as reckless or dumb before this election . 
  it 's sad that he 's using bait and switch, 
  homo sapiens are the only extent human species, 
  i would agree is it were about extreme social conservatism but this is typical dictator nationalism route sprinkled with islam, 
  why did n't others think of this ? 
  you are jumping to conclusions . 
  you 're right , it 's the v4 we should be angry at, 
  us definitely did far more damage to the world than russia but i 'd rather choose to side with us if it mean having to pick one . 
  seems you have n't left the basement, 
  never go full france, 
  why are you so pessimistic ? 
  you mean you have to pay even though you 're transiting ? 
  it 's not mutual exclusive, 
  no one can argue that uk is the most tolerant eu country . 
  take back control, 
  turkey is also a nato member, 
  it could be liechtenstein, 
  you 're naive to think that nato would get involved . 
  that does n't work since places in uk where there 's less immigrants voted heavily for brexit, 
  imagine if nazi had nuclear capabilities before us ? 
  but pc is the master race , consoles users are peasants, 
  at least i hope the witcher 4 is n't delayed because of this, 
  where in syria is it safe from government isis or other rebels, 
  you would let them succumb to russia 's influence ? 
  at least in eu , there 's guarantee of democracy and eu freedom, 
  welcome to the club, 
  why ca n't you just let them drown lulz white guilt, 
  they are workers bring exploited . 
  third of malmo is not a no go zone wtf, 
  they share almost the same flag, 
  that 's stupid . 
  people from indian subcontinent who have lived there have deeper cultural connection with britain than eastern europe . 
  british nationalist do n't even consider then as foreigners, 
  yet they somehow go against parliament majority views . 
  only parliament hold sovereign, 
  just when i was interested, 
  comics can be enjoyed by anyone, 
  it is very informative . 
  and it exist even in western countries but the stereotype is stronger in middle east , than suppose south america or africa, 
  uk are in desperate if a trade deal with eu and other countries are hesitant for trade deal with uk until they know uk 's position, 
  but uk needs eu more than the other way around . 
  eu holds the cards and can just walk away from negotiation . 
  just like what brexiteers said , they 'll still trade with uk . 
  just not in uk 's favor, 
  usually being member of isis is automatic crime, 
  we 're on the same page then . 
  i was just pointing out that people are using economic migrants synonymous with illegal migrants . 
  ah , the good old days where chopping problems were ideal solution, 
  except estonia ... 
  somalia would be sad if they fallen down in standard of living , but they can only go up and have been experiencing growth, 
  we all know what you mean . 
  thankfully that 's not how eu works , otherwise it would 've been only western europe having membership, 
  i would like to see source, 
  can we make it clear that not all economic migrants are illegal . 
  just say illegal migrants, 
  person said economic migrants . 
  really says something that reddit takes info face value without checking the source . 
  badass is what it looks like, 
  how is that kool aid tasting ? 
  their reasoning is that isis is n't ethnic based hate like nazis are .
