  edit : wish i knew this, 
  hopefully school days does n't happen, 
  how is germany least compassionate ? 
  do they mean the country or its people ? 
  i assume there was some sort of agreement between greece and turkey and that the problem is turkey not leaving . 
  that seems like western europe values instead, 
  what 's wrong with eu gun grab ? 
  hopefully japan trade deal would make their goods cheaper, 
  perception is more important than intention . 
  if greece would 've left cyprus alone , none of this would happen, 
  you should check standard of living and lifespan of third world countries . 
  europeans are already a minority in today 's world . 
  why is that ? 
  so that the abuse is done outside jurisdiction ? 
  speaking from experience ? 
  i was about to get my pitchfork ready . 
  would love to hear opposite view here . 
  do n't want this to be a circlejerk, 
  doubling down , are we ? 
  ca n't picture that . 
  you have a problem with daily mail being banned ? 
  polls are anonymous though, 
  i see that as them diversifying their assets , not going into politics in europe . 
  same as china . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's better to read from many sources, 
  russia has bigger ambition on international interests . 
  i doubt qatar cares about outside middle east, 
  politicians are afraid of defense contracts being reduced . 
  what reason would the authorities look the other way . 
  besides qatar interest , their reporting on issues are informative . 
  i say that everytime i look at what 's happening in europe and us, 
  i believe it has become a tradition, 
  you do n't see the irony when you yourself is trying to shutdown dissidents . 
  it 's xenophobic , not racist and do n't try to silence others . 
  your priorities are warped . 
  criticizing the only person who identifies xenophobic comments yet letting others do the opposite . 
  why do you hate yourself ? 
  they had a meltdown when cameron won the election . 
  td subreddit is not a place to have constructive discussions . 
  yes , that 's why i support secularism throughout the world . 
  participating in free open societies challenged those views . 
  french people of foreign origin did not make them less french than those who are not . 
  majority african francophone countries are christians . 
  only senegal is exception . 
  you 're so full of shit . 
  polls in france would show that they do n't want african migrants as well, 
  your fears are unwarranted . 
  russia has more influence in balkan region than turkey . 
  lol turkey ca n't even handle iran influence . 
  you 're overestimating turkey . 
  you mean russia, 
  hopefully islam does n't exist as it is today, 
  i would love to see a video of that, 
  how long will it be once islam passes as not alien ? 
  this is european forum . 
  why would a european be in td ? 
  i know it 's hard for you to understand that people are n't nationalists . 
  there 's no sense of loyalty to a country that does n't provide shit to their citizens . 
  france believes that being french is n't about blood or ethnic . 
  that 's what their secularism was built upon, 
  if trump was only effecting america , i 'd join with you, 
  christianity used to be an alien thing from middle east, 
  so france would be okay with francophone africans ? 
  trump himself said it was a muslim banned, 
  i also was antisemitic and against gays . 
  not enough to do something about it , but having an open society challenged those views . 
  it 's xenophobia plain and simple, 
  it was a trump joke, 
  by being an ass, 
  morocco does n't send their best in europe, 
  is it bad for me to want merkel leading on foreign and eu affairs in these troubled times ? 
  even though i align with schultz political views , no one comes close to merkel 's foreign influence . 
  did he say anything about canada 's incedent ? 
  total failure, 
  i know it 's hard to believe but kurdish terrorists do exist , just as there are arab terrorists . 
  i meant spying . 
  germany 's reluctant on sharing information on terrorists just because they 're kurds is n't a good excuse . 
  since when was turkey and kurdish forces in syria/iraq fighting against each other ? 
  head of state . 
  remember snowden leak ? 
  ireland and northern ireland have their own schengen, 
  the whole slogan was take back control . 
  whether they want to reduce migration is another matter . 
  majority voted for uk to have control of their sovereignty . 
  uk and ireland will still be able to allow freedom of movement between one another . 
  there just need to be security checks . 
  ca n't have eu border open to non eu countries, 
  yet germany is completely okay with america doing one is citizens and heat of states ? 
  self deprecating ? 
  i do believe western countries should hold responsible for exporting foreign terrorists to failed states . 
  uk wants to control their borders . 
  that 's why they left eu . 
  what is this madness ? 
  i 'd rather not live under mob rule , than you very much, 
  it would be shameful for any other country to have it 's citizens break the law outside their country . 
  i 'm sure they well be some mutual agreement, 
  i 'm sure eu can offer morocco a deal they ca n't refuse . 
  have them sign it, 
  it 's not hypocritical if you do n't believe in militarily spending, 
  northern europe just believes that they already have a good governing structure and does n't want to risk having outsiders the over them .
