  just as how blacks are considered africans , so do asians . 
  no one questions a dark skin being called african, 
  your username seems awfully suspicious . 
  asians seclude themselves in their own gated community in america . 
  at least the first gen, 
  when people think brown = muslim it is . 
  do n't be obtuse, 
  you ca n't deny that eurosceptic in western countries repeat romania bulgaria line where we keep excepting poor countries, 
  well is that false ? 
  europe is more irreligious than every before . 
  twitter is n't a platform to judge a countries citizen . 
  there has to be a way to differentiate between evangelicals and people who just call themselves christian . 
  those who push the republican party to vote for religious reasons . 
  i 'm not convinced deporting unknown civilians to countries they 're not from, 
  i do n't think dark skin people should feel unsafe , hardworking it not, 
  they 're the reason why european genetics are bet diluted . 
  they force multicultural in europe / s, 
  do n't call us racist or we 'll show you who 's racist, 
  not in t_d . 
  they ban anti trump, 
  and it got upvoted wtf, 
  those island are in eu territory . 
  this sub is for europeans . 
  americans have been diluting the discussions / s, 
  these edgylords do n't know how the world works and are comfortable in their armchairs . 
  really want to use australia as example with their atrocious human rights record in concentration camps ? 
  they 're great euntrpenur if anything . 
  even they know they have no leg to stand on, 
  not in socal, 
  you have n't seen south america ? 
  the step father is said to be belgian in the article, 
  christian is n't a race !, 
  we 're not racist !, 
  we 're okay as long as they 're not muslims !, 
  you mean there are less christian republicans ? 
  that seems like communism, 
  idk about norwegians but danish people 's party is certainly not center right . 
  it 's theocracy, 
  i want to watch the wire but it 's not in netflix uk . 
  not just that but xenophobic attacks well, 
  so much for eu solidarity . 
  which is an idiotic thinking but nationalism is illogical . 
  use carrot and stick . 
  how much of that was because of turkey deal ? 
  plus fence works in central europe but what about italy and greece ? 
  it 's no surprising that isis would use the migrant crisis to their advantage . 
  no sane person would think isis would n't capitalize it . 
  it 's just that governments believe it 's worth the risk to help migrant crisis . 
  maybe they feel as though israeli government have their best interest at heart . 
  human emotion is strange thing, 
  they are but in terms on infrastructure and living standard , us rural areas are shocking especially in appalachian, 
  and why is the government or mayor okay with that ? 
  we 're this close to being genocided . 
  do n't you care about your people ? 
  5 years give and take . 
  you do n't have to live there to see poverty . 
  in america it does . 
  ca n't blame morocco and algeria . 
  the citizens have even the galls the protest bringing the criminals for trial in tunisia . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  there 's no such thing as non white european, 
  why are cops not allowed to enter some parts of marseille ? 
  capitalism is going to ruin this planet since resources are not infinite . 
  everything needs to be adapted to fit timeline . 
  it 's humans who ruin communism . 
  half scott , half english, 
  mistook it for maghreb, 
  because australia has native population and that 's aborigines . 
  that would be the downfall of eu . 
  far right would do more damage than migrant crisis could . 
  egypt is n't mena, 
  concentration camps is not exclusive to nazis death camps . 
  us has also done it with japanese americans, 
  but they also have higher infant deaths . 
  i 'd say it 's the world that has a fucked up view . 
  right wing here is only in economics term, 
  still did n't make british an ethnic group . 
  plus it boost germany appeal in international stage, 
  why would you even have kids ? 
  there is no such thing as ethnic british . 
  english , scots , welsh , irish , but not british . 
  british is a nationality . 
  this has to be a troll lol . 
  from australia of all places . 
  everything is sticking it to liberals . 
  what else do they complain about ? 
  i know it 's hard for you to understand , but someday critical thinking has to prevail for your sake . 
  thinking that homogeneous society is more tolerant of different cultures than multicultural society , where 's common sense ? 
  my proof is there being more known incidents of xenophobia than in ghana . 
  i could n't find ghana being xenophobic on internet but poland is different . 
  think about it for a second , it 's multicultural country . 
  homogeneous countries are far more likely being xenophobic then multicultural countries . 
  it did n't take a genius to understand that . 
  nobody said that 's the solution , but it 's not exactly welcoming for eastern europeans in the west, 
  there is a serious issue with rape but people do n't take it seriously unless brown people do it . 
  if muslim are out of the picture , you best bet they 'll focus on ee, 
  they go hand in hand . 
  that 's what 's dangerous with far right . 
  they even see right wing as left . 
  good luck having euro skeptics agreeing to this .
