  fuckin a , put a warning for those who can get seizure from it, 
  such a questionable source . 
  people here do n't understand rebel media 's agenda . 
  i can disingenuously edit a video in america for people wanting theocracy . 
  it is primitive to be swept by nationalism, 
  you guys betrayed them by abolishing the caliphate and diluted the islamic institutions . 
  at least turkey is a secular state , ca n't at the same for most eu countries . 
  besides , if europeans are polled , they 'll not have favorable opinion of muslims as well, 
  nothing is forever . 
  they 'll likely change their tune if they get something in return, 
  because the image of denying refugees in worldwide stage is damaging . 
  so people back then really expected to have a european federation ? 
  i bet you know the damage stereotypes can lead to, 
  europe needs turkey more than turkey does though . 
  they can just open the borders, 
  morsi sealed the deal when he tried to circumvent the judiciary political holding . 
  it would be naive to think the military junta would take their power diminishing lying down, 
  it got to do with them being majority muslim country . 
  i doubt it would have been the same if they were christian majority, 
  fuck , the racism in this thread is appalling . 
  leave poland and come to sweden . 
  you know you want to, 
  i get along with poles quite well in sweden . 
  why do n't you join your brethren ? 
  that 's the best kind . 
  it ruffles up both sides, 
  serbia is the one who had issues with the rest of balkans . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  it does n't take research to understand that eastern europe is more xenophobic than the rest of europe . 
  lol i remember them saying that they felt like they were dying inside . 
  the day that article was posted was glorious, 
  lol do n't get butthurt bro . 
  people here have a problem with multicultural . 
  they could say nonwhites are a problem , but that 's not their choice of words, 
  thank god slovakia is n't at the helm of eu . 
  multicultural did n't mean non-whites then . 
  the subliminal racism is appalling, 
  america is built on immigrants . 
  who has the gals to deny immigrants ? 
  mate , americans identifying as whatever ancestry from europe should n't be taking seriously . 
  you guys got eu bureaucrats, 
  i do n't get it, 
   no , i agree with you . 
  but people within a group being criticized often times do not make that distinction . 
  people who believe there should be blasphemy laws will call criticism of their religion `` hate speech . '', 
   people who criticize the group do not make the distinction as well between islam and muslims . 
  it 's where islamophobia came from, 
  talk about a country which produce magna carta that did n't have a constitution, 
  talk about the juxtaposition of being an islamist and human right lawyer, 
  i sympathize the poles not wanting to be portrayed as having something to do with the holocaust but this tactic is authoritative and sets dangerous precedent . 
  you ca n't outright ban people from using a terminology . 
  it goes against eu human rights . 
  for some reason bring french colonial past, 
  ksa will get abused . 
  their military is a joke . 
  only thing they have are new toys, 
  there 's actually grenades bring used and cars burning in malmo . 
  i ca n't believe what the news were reporting last time i wear there, 
  this made me laugh . 
  keep up the good work, 
  america seems to be a success story . 
  they still have the advantage of eu without being in it . 
  like liechtenstein, 
  at the expense of regional content though . 
  american entertainment is all well and good , but i would like to watch subtitled foreign content that 's regional made, 
  it sounds badass . 
  you hit it right on the nail . 
  muslim identity supersedes nationality and ethnicity, 
  you really want to be compared to middle east . 
  what low bar to hold, 
  you actually believe in waaq ? 
  force assimilation does n't work . 
  example france . 
  people who were living since 60s yet do n't feel french, 
  clothes never killed anybody, 
  there 's no discrimination ? 
  lol ca n't take you seriously, 
  danish sounds like someone throwing up, 
  not saying other countries do n't . 
  just saying it 's not coming from genuine feeling . 
  ukrainian are n't refugees in poland but have been given work visas . 
  poland are just taking advantage of them, 
  there are those who wait for confirmation but i 'm not going to be dishonest and not acknowledge the bias, 
  unless you 're a minority , you wo n't understand the plight of them . 
  being questioned `` where you from '' and `` not true ____ '' while combating veil racial discrimination . 
  it 's human nature to be racist, 
  i see guns , ban them ? 
  burkas do n't kill but guns sure do, 
  africans in france beg to differ, 
  good thing your not western european, 
  how long are you going to move the goalpost, 
  have you seen their proposal for eu reform ? 
  libya is in a civil war with isis having a presence there , morocco not even taking their own people and you expect them to deliver ? 
  it 's going to be worse than turkey deal . 
  i highly doubt it if you live in western europe . 
  what a daft comment . 
  only eurogirl has the solutions that european statesmen were struggling to find . 
  they have oil reserves and do n't care about fanzine environment if it means sovereignty, 
  you really like pushing buttons, 
  r/europe really does n't like articles where minorities are being discriminated,
