  if there was ethnic cleansing , no one would bat an eye . 
  he had a car . 
  however if the suspect had a pistol ... 
  cambodians are n't middle eastern looking . 
  imagine if the terrorist had a gun, 
  i support ireland hosting eu drug agency, 
  no true scotsman, 
  there will always be bad apples, 
  eu should be able to do something about it though, 
  you could be fascinated , but would you prefer living in that empire ? 
  nobody should hold positive view on any empire . 
  it 's laughable that some do as though they experienced it . 
  because they see western countries breaking it as well . 
  far leftist have a problem with international laws being broken in general, 
  you think refugees are rich or something ? 
  you 've just picked a wrong country to show an example of an economic immigrant . 
  yes . 
  ever seen somalia 's situation ? 
  you 're confusing the dublin agreement to refugee definition, 
  i 'm sorry but it 's no excuse to not know the president of the second biggest economic country . 
  i would n't say unprovoked when there were terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  people do n't know china 's president is quite shocking . 
  he 's not good for syria long term . 
  when he dies , it will start the shitshow again . 
  democracy is n't easy but is the better option in the long run . 
  these dictatorship being placed and supported by outside influences are the bane of civil participants in politics . 
  so what if an islamist is elected like egypt ? 
  just put separation of power and strengthen the institutions, 
  erdogan can be voted out . 
  ca n't say the same for putin . 
  second that . 
  it only takes 50.1 percent to matter, 
  how are ukrainians viewed in poland ? 
  is there a social acceptance towards them ? 
  if your citizens do n't feel themselves as spaniards or have representation in the country , then they were failed . 
  i do n't see spain remedying catalans issues . 
  if spain are scared of referendum succeeding , then it shows the contempt catalans have against the government . 
  they could not vote politicians who favour turkey joining . 
  it 's ironic that they want sovereignty yet vote politicians who they 're against . 
  france is against turkey on the basis of them not being european . 
  turkey was supported when russia invaded is space, 
  you 're right but they would have economic clout same as china . 
  someone from non schengen areas need passport, 
  it 's true that there 's differences in hadith sources . 
  this is why marvel is better . 
  you do n't see people obsessing with punisher . 
  the qur ` an does have a verse stating to take hadith as seriously as the qur ` an itself, 
  if they pass the requirements of eu membership and member states vote for them to join , then there is no justifiably reason to reject them . 
  i just wanted to know how an american would view it . 
  some of my american relatives were flabbergasted about the system . 
  copenhagen metro transportation has different areas within the city separated as zones . 
  when you travel from one zone to another , it 's charged as though you 're travelling to different cities . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  it gives the argument legitimacy towards the muslim community . 
  sure there will be those who claim islamophobia , but i feel that some muslim europeans will see the criticism as constructive . 
  i very much hope criticism of islam is pushed by liberals in a more constructive manner rather than far right extremist . 
  what 's your view on the zone thing, 
   tl : dr divide and conquer . 
  ah , the old british playbook, 
  if all the candidates were women , there would be a different tune, 
  ca n't say this surprised me . 
  i get al jazeera bias when it comes to middle east , but what does bbc gain from this ? 
  rwanda are pushing above their weight . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm not optimistic enough to believe minors who were manipulated by adults would use this system . 
  europe has sexual consent as low as 14 . 
  if this is your proof that muslims support pedophilia , i can bring loads of articles showing western christian majority nations on the act . 
  you do n't understand , god told him to marry her . 
  irish not drinking ? 
  the world ca n't handle that, 
  holy shit i had to double check to see if i was on a europe sub . 
  they do want the privatisation of public spending and cut entitlements, 
  now it 's okay to do the same ? 
  it 's counter productive , and this is n't about burka but a total ban on religious symbols . 
  do you also understand the condescending tone it feels to dictate what a women should wear ? 
  true , but i meant state politics . 
  i do n't think kentucky or louisiana are content on there state affairs . 
  you know damn well refugee issue was miniscule compared to british leavers feeling their culture and society was changing towards multiculturalism . 
  it happens in us state politics as well . 
  they blame washington yet state congress still get voted in . 
  you take that back . 
  she 's amazing . 
  that 's just going to fuck greece . 
  it 's disingenuous to call dpp center right . 
  the person understand the reason , he just feels that it 's unfair . 
  i have no problem with rejecting morocco based on geography . 
  maybe someday that criteria would n't be necessary, 
  to be fair , asean is composed of south east asian countries , which australia is n't . 
  south sudan is man made famine . 
  but you 'll never have transparency and low corruption under a an authoritative government, 
  dropping bombs . 
  i 'm talking about generally , not in this specific case since i 'm not invested in it . 
  yet they 're not recognised as refugees in eastern europe . 
  that 's why there 's checks and balances . 
  just saying that it was n't goodwill from their heart that they accept ukraine immigrants . 
  plus it 's not the same either way . 
  asylum seekers and refugees are not the same as ukrainian workers . 
  tell that to non muslims being labeled as muslims just because of their ethnicity . 
  i do n't suppose he 's a bad history teacher otherwise , government would fire him . 
  the fault lies on the government for not regulating and penalising businesses for accepting illegal workers/not raising minimum wage, 
  poland did n't accept ukraine immigrants for humanitarianism .
