i do n't want to be foreign in a foreign country damn , this really struck me . 
  let me break it down to you . 
  there are better and more important policies to pay for than just racheting up military budget . 
  what good will military do if the citizens of your country suffers from it . 
  correct , but it has such a huge perception towards nazism that its difficult to differentiate between the two . 
  swastika is like a cross for hindus and buddhist so maybe it was religious or cultural connection rather than nazis . 
  holy fucking shit that 's disrespectful . 
   there 's no `` american '' ethnicity yes there is , its called british . 
  some redditors in worldnews legit thought shekels were 4chan memes and not real . 
  same can be said for us undeniably over-protectiveness over israel 's breakage of international law . 
  such irony that germany is the powerhouse in europe once again . 
  it 's almost laughable that no other country were inept at becoming the leader of the eu , which forced germany to take the helm . 
  you need to differentiate between ethnic swede , and swedish nationals . 
  all this time i thought i was unsuccessful because of my bad choices but it was jews all along ? 
  i should have listened to my family and parents . 
  you 're asking the wrong person . 
  i was born in sweden but have been raised in america most of my life . 
  same thing in sweden . 
  is this a pissing contest on who hates who the most ? 
  stop being childish since this topic is too mature for edgy neckbeards . 
  i was surprised that my comment was downvoted to oblivion just by pointing out that it is not one sided . 
  i did n't say all jews or muslims dislike each other , but majority do have prejudices between themselves . 
  that is such a bullshit lie that i 'm baffled anyone is taking that statement seriously . 
  more dangerous than mogadishu ? 
  jews dislike muslims as well . 
  it is not one sided . 
  why did they lend you a hand ? 
   considering multiple nations are still angry at turkey for their atrocities they committed 100 years ago  ** uk flair **, 
  idk why the eu should back down on this . 
  it would really look weak if they gave in to us/can demand . 
  they enjoy coming in schengen area visa-free . 
  eu citizens should be allowed to visit us/can visa free as well without applying for esta, 
  but why should us citizens come to eu visa free yet force eu citizens to pay 14 and apply for esta ? 
  india is a fucking bureaucratic hell . 
  it made me feel like i became more patient than the buddha when i left came back . 
  that 's such bullshit . 
  why do esta applicants have to pay 15 dollars ? 
  funny since italians were n't considered white . 
  because they 're not refugees and are economic migrants . 
  i thought economic migrants are bad . 
  were n't they french and belgium nationals ? 
  arabs are white . 
  and people wonder why ca n't they assimilate or integrate . 
  i did n't see saudi arabia being invaded . 
  as do the rest of the world with american exceptionalism and the hypocrisy of their double standards . 
  do you mean culture as being way too conservative or their muslim identity ? 
  i thought turkey shares culture with greece and the balkans . 
  i 'm curious the reason uk is supportive of turkey when their respective european allies are adamantly against it . 
  every country has backward rural areas so why be self-loathing ? 
  integrating in sweden as an immigrant is frustrating and it fucks with your morale . 
  thank god there 's freedom of movement in eu . 
  it 's a bit disingenuous because defense spending and military budget are n't the same thing . 
  against who ? 
  the big bad russians ? 
  face it , us are only policing the world because of their interests , which happens to somewhat align with europe . 
  still waiting for african union to become relevant :(, 
  do you look like vlade divac ? 
  damn , i thought at least sweden was the bastion of humanity . 
  damn , i thought at least sweden was the bastion of humanity . 
  white people age like milk . 
  everything is shithole compared to sweden . 
  i was born in sweden and never gotten used to it . 
  it 's not fit for human . 
  i would n't say never . 
  hate against white people / s, 
  what the fuck is that ? 
  what is going on ? 
  i 'm an ass man but this is fucking weird, 
  fuck the hunter hunter author . 
  the series released in the 90s . 
  problems does n't stop at borders . 
  what 's the fun in that . 
  i should put my skills in playing call of duty to good use . 
  obama deported more people than george bush . 
  to say that democrats are intentionally reducing border security is ignorant, 
  could n't even get passed the first line because it 's bullshit . 
  niqab is not requirement of sharia otherwise majority of muslims would wear it, 
  i did n't meant development but the enlightenment aspect . 
  however you 've raised good points, 
  you do n't have to convince me , tell that to the nordic population . 
  you do n't see america apologizing for their mistakes . 
  it 's because it shows them bring weak and vulnerable . 
  idk the logic to that , but leaders refuse to apologize for fear of consequences, 
  did n't they force you to convert and change your name ? 
  how was that better than ottoman ? 
  good thing us did n't have that kind of mindset for europe . 
  you would n't say the same if western nations did n't care for ee, 
  netherlands is going to sink below sea level before that happens, 
  strawman argument . 
  i meant to say that fn policies are more damaging . 
  getting out of eu nato is disastrous for france, 
  so letdown that they rather get fucked front and back instead of one way, 
  compared to fn , that 's manageable, 
  mean that people prefer eu to their national government, 
  you guys use euro though . 
  i thought you 're more pro eu then the rest of nordic, 
  same reason why some immigrants voted for brexit . 
  there 's no such thing as central europe geopolitically . 
  count scandinavia out . 
  they 'll still hold their ground .
