  doubling down rather than admitting to yourself that you 've been fooled is hard to overcome for humans . 
  classic outraged reactionary with no reading comprehension . 
  meant in non european countries they have other priorities being in a developing country than to protest over european models . 
  there are controversies yes , but people do n't care enough to protest it . 
  never knew ukraine was in such a dire state . 
  same reason there 's european advertisement in non european countries . 
  it 's a thing to be desensitized and another thing to show it proudly, 
  i was hoping eu would be that . 
  of course but that nuance is n't used, 
  same person who was playing pokemon go ? 
  king leopold ll 's atrocities, 
  this is why it 's imperative that there is a superpower which balances and can stand up to american interests . 
  you can in sweden, 
  weak, 
  understandable, 
  you have n't been following the atrocities assad regime has been doing committing war crime, 
  do n't throw stones in a glassed house, 
  it does say something about society when they ca n't tolerate a non european model in advertisement, 
  it already shit . 
  fight fire with fire, 
  i certainly hope so , for eu 's sake . 
  why everytime, 
  what are the international community doing about this ? 
  lol from who ? 
  either you side with government or islamic terrorists, 
  i figured it was mostly immigrants who call themselves brits, 
  flair up or shut up, 
  `` swede '', 
  cause i 'm on mobile . 
  their culture is n't reasonable is an ignorant thing to say . 
  how dare they ask to be treated in accordance to the law . 
  they should keep their mouth shut if they know what 's good for them, 
  where do you live that majority somalis are causing major damage socially ? 
  you ca n't expect an american to know geography, 
  czech politicians have nothing better to do ? 
  seems redundant, 
  i doubt you could explain what that culture is, 
  `` culture '', 
  pretty sure i was being tongue and cheek, 
  i doubt that existed in the 90s, 
  did n't prevent my parents from kicking my ass . 
  thought it was going to take longer . 
  i 'll tell my boys the good news . 
  how come i ca n't claim sovereignty ? 
  it 's not denmark i can tell you that, 
  whoever can handle it is n't mortal, 
  maybe they combine all the breaks to one specific time . 
  snow is overrated . 
  let me get back to you and tell mixed people they do n't exist, 
  those types of people do n't care what happens outside the country . 
  they 're isolationist, 
  we all know europeans are peaceful bunch who do n't use violence lol, 
  wrong comment, 
  i do n't think british people would 've voted for trump . 
  even ukip see him as decisive, 
  leavers are not in the same category as trump supporters , you 're selling them short . 
  i would n't call them white trash so i see that unproductive , but i also do n't have motivation to change their mind . 
  plus , i have great confidence that sweden wo n't elect swedishdem, 
  someone 's been playing too much yokai, 
  per week or month ? 
  do n't feel european or identify myself as one but am a strong supporter of eu, 
  it 's hard not to feel resentment towards those lacking empathy, 
  when your country is well off and you do n't see the benefits in the eu with more struggling countries ... 
  i do n't believe in that though, 
   a slightly right leaning party that wants more referenda nooooooo, 
  reading comprehension is not your strong suit, 
  muslims are social conservative but they vote for liberal parties . 
  theresa may is n't that different from status quo of british pm , just her authoritative control over her citizens but that had nothing to do with non british people, 
  nothing is black and white, 
  wtf does intention matter when it uses same characteristics of what a racist person would do ? 
  `` it 's just a prank bro '' is n't going to cut it, 
  you ca n't feel insulted otherwise get out of the country, 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter, 
  you also need experience . 
  companies have to prove that they could n't find american workers to fill the vacancies, 
  us is n't exactly in eu . 
  you ca n't just waltz in without residential permit or work visa, 
  immigration policy . 
  ca n't even spell the sub right rolf, 
  segregation already happens in france without muslim influence . 
  just ask your black friends to go in bars, 
  most of us who were born here did n't have a choice . 
  would rather live in us, 
  they can move, 
  60 years ago women had less rights than they do now, 
  well in terms of just europe ... 
  islamophobia does exist . 
  this is some r/shitamericansays, 
  absolute haram . 
  i would 've gladly shame those elders if i 'd witness something like that, 
  i can still work , pay my dues , follow the law and not have to except gone countries culture . 
  just do n't complain about integration, 
  nor do people in this thread apparently, 
  how dense can you be ? 
  same refugee ? 
  they have identity crisis, 
  if they 're british it 's understandable why they 're not labeled pakistanis since it 's a nationality . 
  seems like it 's the fault of police incompetence and they 're pushing the blame away . 
  the same reason why middle east is not called south west asia, 
  pakistan is not middle east .
