  if people really care about reducing african migration , then the solution is allowing african agriculture to go against unsubsidised goods, 
  that 's just lazy american terminology that they tried to enforce but did n't work . 
  i said that violent and disruptive protest has a time and place . 
  you would n't be supporting that kind of protest in a children festival ? 
  self loathing make it seem like the person hates himself/herself when they 're not religious or feel religion provides more bad than good . 
  being closeted racist is single more civilised and acceptable, 
  unfortunately it 's true . 
  you can see the change in demeanour when they talk to different groups . 
  police are generally more authoritative and right wing socially, 
  black pete is racist charicature of black people . 
  violent and disruptive protest has a place and time though and shouldnt be used in festivals where children are present, 
  totalitarian dictator, 
  western european ideals would be my guess, 
  the solutions is pretty clear but how do you persuade countries to give up more sovereignty, 
  but however much contribution christianity has made , europe became enlightened and secular despite the religion . 
  i ask if you were atheist because i 'm sure you would n't want to live in a theocracy . 
  are you not an atheist ? 
  i live in uk . 
  you 're just on damage control trying to blame anybody . 
  you 're delusional of you think those who voted for brexit because of turkey or refugees would be okay with eu uncontrolled immigration, 
  people only like dictators when it suits their ideology . 
  they should be losing their jobs . 
  it 's the government that pays for their salaries . 
  their rhetoric are different . 
  plus , ukip are n't anti semites, 
  it was n't allowed when i was at school, 
  you think fn and ukip are the same ? 
  even ukip want to stay clear of fn . 
  that should tell you something, 
  you think sanctions do n't hurt iranians or north koreans ? 
  they 're there to put pressure on their own government . 
  many countries would n't exist , but nationalism past it 's use . 
  it belong in the history books, 
  holy shit , it 's a foreign minister of austria doing that ? 
  i expect turkey doing that , but not austria ... 
  no blacks allowed are banned but can be subverted . 
  in fact , it happens already but not in your face . 
  how can you prove discrimination ? 
  banning is a form of oppression as well . 
  it 's ridiculous why finnish students are forced to learn swedish . 
  he 's talking about the government , not it 's people, 
  enlightened western europe are just trying to out circle jerk the anti migrants anti eu crowd . 
  red pill victims, 
  far right would be in the rise just by there being muslim politicians in government and society . 
  if your whole mantra is defining what your do that satisfy far rights , your priorities are lacking, 
  why would the swedish government talk about nuclear deals ? 
  is n't it frankly dangerous that a person like him would gravitate towards fn ? 
  maybe if fn were like ukip , it would be different, 
  i thought this was a western thing . 
  most of my friends from immigrant background see it strange to walk in a home with shoes on, 
  it 's seriously disturbing where the priority lies when we 're debating how to kill animals humanely . 
  how did the police allow them to storm like that ? 
  where was the security guards ? 
  poland would be different if they have n't had borders with germany and russia, 
  could n't citizens from those countries sue the state using ehrc, 
  why are minority french citizens seen as foreigners when they have as much claim to the country as their countrymen ? 
  ethnic cleansing - the mass expulsion or killing of members of one ethnic or religious group in an area by those of another . 
  where am i advocating this ? 
  you 're insane . 
  no one is being killed . 
  they 're french , not foreigners . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  idk how long they were held , but i 'll take your word for it . 
  i thought french republic was built on nationality . 
  that 's why they do n't segregate data or stats into ethnic group . 
  france is their country as well . 
  hopefully they will know how it feels to be a minority, 
  also happened in ethiopia as well . 
  eritrea has easy access to their neighbours . 
  i 'd want to go far away as possible from eritrea . 
  there 's only binary choice . 
  war is not a game . 
  what 's the un going to do if you defend the civilians anyway ? 
  with the help of belgium government . 
  but they would n't be accepted . 
  i fail to see how a 80 million muslim majority country would be let in the eu, 
  source subs this is very interesting . 
  that 's going to open a can of worms the world is not ready to handle in middle east . 
  do you support terrorist activities ? 
  why did i read it as chopped ? 
  flair up, 
  flair up, 
  careful there , that 's too radical, 
  respect has to be earned both ways . 
  unless israel has commitment to stopping illegal settlements , there 's nothing to respect, 
  europeans would not dare claim native american genocide . 
  it 's all political posture with a bit of moral standing . 
  the very naive worldview that international relations are built by moral ethical ideals is just shocking . 
  because america denying native american genocide is n't the same as holocaust , where nazi germany explicitly build mass extermination chambers to kill systematically . 
  good luck with that . 
  nationalist people can not be persuaded, 
  people like to avoid preventing crisis from happening until it on their front door . 
  nobody would question turkey being european if they were christian . 
  it 's mostly them having relations with turkey though, 
  and they have no influence . 
  far left are anarchist , communist , etc. . . 
  they have no influence in politics, 
  surprised he backtrack on electoral reform, 
  they had no backup plan . 
  france could n't even handle an operation on their own backyard without us assistance .
