  they 're given work visa and get shit jobs that polish workers wo n't do . 
  because they 're not refugees . 
  they get in eastern europe through work visa . 
  only military and elites are thankful of egypt dictatorship that 's worse than mubarak . 
  morsi was feeling himself too much , but corrupt judges and politicians were still in power . 
  at least morsi would 've been voted out of office , but sisi will be president for foreseeable future . 
  uk is still a great county for indian immigrants . 
  eu needs to put pressure on morocco , otherwise what 's the point in eu ? 
  i do prefer there being one figure in executive office instead of having president and prime minister, 
  critics would be outraged over playing favouritism in ideologies . 
  wow what made you pessimistic ? 
  if they get taxed , they need representation aka voting . 
  people with mental handicap can vote but they 're not responsible, 
  there 's only one race and that 's the human race . 
  depends on which they identify as . 
  still remember the shitshow on re5, 
  it is being talked about but the gang problem , problematic areas and juvenile delinquents are n't prioritized enough . 
  it 's embarrassing that torching cars have n't been solved yet . 
  this could force government to prioritize these issues, 
  what 's his deal ? 
  we 're talking about the government , not the people . 
  now look who 's underestimating russia, 
  people born in the 90s are very lucky . 
  yeah that was uncalled for even though i disagree with you . 
  such a travesty in drc . 
  no go zone implies that is a lawless area with no police presence, 
  please deliver . 
  sweden did n't eliminate international aid so i was n't incorrect . 
  the migrant crisis was an anomaly . 
  it 's not mutually exclusive . 
  sweden does provide international foreign aid and humanitarian support across the world . 
  for humanitarian reason ? 
  i find it odd that this seems foreign to you . 
  who brings in refugees and asylum seekers for labor ? 
  you do n't see what 's wrong with signalling out an ethnic group ? 
  why get triggered ? 
  this is n't a safe space . 
  it 's hard for immigrants to get jobs in sweden , especially those from war-torn or undeveloped countries . 
  the system in place is bureaucratic and unintentionally difficult for immigrants, 
  he 's a corrupt piece of shit who tried selling somalia resources dirt cheap . 
  how does non eu migrants come in germany without job ? 
  most of them are probably students, 
  ca n't believe it 's hard for people to grasp it, 
  surprising thing is you do n't have to be this extreme to push a narrative . 
  heretic, 
  police ca n't be trusted , they 're censoring the real suspect, 
  this is how much pr stunts actually works . 
  idk , camels would not survive in europe, 
  there 's nothing wrong with right wingers , it 's the far right that 's the problem, 
  no shit , are you a psychiatrist ? 
  ( ( ( source ) ) ), 
  my opinion is right , you 're illogical, 
  these fucking idiots are not helping, 
  spain had sizable mena population, 
  that 's cruel and unusual punishment, 
  only thing preventing trump from becoming what he wants is us institutions, 
  ca n't say that or you 'll be arrested in poland, 
  you 're a lost cause . 
  not even alex jones believed in his bullshit lmao, 
  by calling them beggars . 
  where do you think those grenades are coming from ? 
  you make it seem like they had no ulterior motives . 
  this is the same tactic you 're using against them to generalize and demonize eastern europeans . 
  you 'd be surprised how much your experience is shared through the other side, 
  and what country is that since it 's clearly not sweden, 
  native : a person born in a specified place or associated with a place by birth , whether subsequently resident there or not . 
  this is the definition of native . 
  although i do n't condone them being attacked , they were n't just strolling around and filming . 
  if you ca n't be critical without sounding racist , chances are that you 're racist, 
  it 's easy identifying ` concern citizens ', 
  non white can be native europeans, 
  if sweden is bad , france must be a fucking warzone . 
  make sweden great again msga, 
  she 's competent in giving leavers what they want , at any cost, 
  i find that hard to believe, 
  no need to argue about colonialism . 
  lol you 're naive . 
  i 've heard the same talking points from colonial apologist . 
  does n't that show the incompetence of police and government that lost its trust to the public ? 
  they 'll challenge you to a pokemon match and take your money if you lose, 
  so what ? 
  every continent had slaves . 
  americans and europeans institutionalized and made a system into it bringing racial context . 
  i 've seen the downplay , especially from belgium . 
  lol having a swedish flair is not an advantage . 
  it says under any circumstances even if it 's against minorities . 
  it does n't take much to rile up people against the minorities, 
  i bet most of them are regretting thinking two of them were similar . 
  that is just a cowards way out . 
  if it was n't for the syrian who sacrificed his life , those artifacts would n't have existed . 
  this is reminding me of the library in mali as well . 
  it really is scary how this news was taken at face value across the world . 
  uk does n't have gun problems because of their laws and being an island . 
  schengen countries that have strong law yet have neighbors where it 's easy to have access to guns do n't have the means to control their borders . 
  not while being in continental europe . 
  there has to be a compromise where both parties are satisfied, 
  how will schengen countries prevent guns from coming into their country . 
  i recall terrorist got access to guns outside of france . 
  you 're telling me that non european do n't either, 
  seems like an opportunity for blackmail .
