  yet you are ignoring the rest and fixated on a certain group . 
  i doubt you care about rape victims . 
  from this subreddit . 
  ca n't remember which post it was, 
  ukrainians are given work visas not out of love . 
  plus i 've heard that some are not welcomed . 
  people are not objects . 
  what 's with the use of the word import ? 
  this is why i believe the reason why usa is the super power that it is today . 
  they have the best people in all walks of life contributing to the country . 
  you got that right . 
  europe or continental europe sees other cultures mainly muslims to be a threat to their own culture and do n't want it to be diluted . 
  in all honesty , you ca n't expect majority of people to accept foreigners having a place and their own identity in a homogeneous country, 
  mlk is more relevant in america though, 
  disappointed that this comment has been downvoted just because someone shared their opinion without malice . 
  and conserving old towns to the determent of the people is asinine, 
  kids that grew up in america should n't be deported because of their parents decisions, 
  i heard that the mp was supportive of groups that turkey considers terrorist, 
  it 's damned if you do damned if you do n't . 
  where are the people who criticize muslim communities to speak out ? 
  you ca n't just reject them as romanian nationals though . 
  it 's pretty clear cut that living over 700 years is more than enough to prove their nationality . 
  why do you believe that russia respect international borders or laws ? 
  do you think romania without nato is capable enough to combat russian influence ? 
  fox news type youtube rudy gilliani, 
  european leaders were complacent because of that . 
  it took clinton to step up, 
  i find that i mostly agree with you but this is naive . 
  holy shit is it this bad that people reject them as citizens ? 
  you would think it 's clear cut . 
  it 's no use . 
  in fact , it 's easier to spot bullshitters . 
  just like how td uses cuck, 
  i would really want to know the answer to your question, 
  i love how you started a discussion . 
  very productive, 
  i wonder how ethiopia is going to thrive when it 's population does n't have a lingua franca like kiswahili . 
  at beating english fans, 
  trump advisor rudy stated clearly that the president asked him to make legally to ban muslims . 
  i find that hard to believe since most lawyers would n't be that incompetent . 
  there 's a need for immigration reform and it 's not sensible to deport 11 million people who most of them lived there for over 10 to 20 years . 
  it 's better to have them in the system to be productive instead of working in the black market . 
  the gop whole mantra is tough on crime when that just further increases the hostility . 
  being conservative does n't , but republicans are much more than that . 
  they 're not like the tory 's, 
  he is a republican who was at their convention some time ago . 
  the rock seems like a nice guy , but idk what to think, 
  fair enough, 
  seems like it . 
  it 's making it like it 's immigrants fault and they 're the problem to the supposed diluted british culture, 
  sadly, 
  just because some muslims are cunts , does n't mean all muslims have to suffer, 
  it gets repeated so much, 
  they live in enclaves and do n't interact with locals, 
  it would be interesting to watch a younger origin of bond, 
  what you 've felt is the same way minorities do . 
  they reject applicants based on not being compatible with working culture . 
  that 's just bad hombres, 
  it had nothing to do with the post you 've replied, 
  relax , brits are masters of self deprecated jokes . 
  regulations to protect consumers from harm . 
  but this is entertainment . 
  they should n't restrict content . 
  if they care about culture , they should use incentives, 
  i do n't need netflix quotas to defend my culture . 
  i thought it was more of a way europe could compete with the us, 
  if it was just france doing this , there would n't be a problem for non french . 
  but this is an eu wide quota . 
  so you 're saying consumers are too dumb to appreciate entertainment ? 
  it 's all subjective . 
  yet british do n't feel the need to regulate from american content, 
  and french culture is so international ? 
  fence already lost the culture war , so stop the asinine protection . 
  maybe because their content is shit ? 
  it 's for the consumer to choose which content they want, 
  i 'm sure they 're perfectly okay with african christians, 
  it 's because it was tactless . 
  same thing the other way around with islam but people should n't waiver, 
  so he 's worse than erdogan supporters, 
  there 's a difference between setting up a safe space in syria or funding a camp in neighbouring countries than having one in libya for non libyan migrants, 
  libya is in a civil war . 
  why would it be sane to build a refugee camp in a volitile area ? 
  what a hyperbolic statement . 
  is the eu president clueless ? 
  what makes him think it has n't been thought about ? 
  i am slightly jealous of how much happens in brussels, 
  no , it 's never plausible . 
  you do n't give those people legitimacy . 
  western europeans are circlejerking about being enlightened and looking down at others as having inferior culture when they were the same less than half a century ago . 
  understandable . 
  i would n't want to be labeled with a term from bygone days . 
  that threw me off as well , but i do n't know much about the netherlands housing situation, 
  poland does n't give ukrainians refugee status . 
  they give them temp work visas, 
  i understand , but eastern europe has become a geopolitical term used to describe east of germany . 
  same for middle east . 
  chechnya already is one step ahead . 
  you wo n't win this fight . 
  for central europe to be popular , germany has to be considered one . 
  more antisocial than sweden ?
