  we would lose face by supporting a regime that started the civil war and exacerbated the situation . 
  syria was never going to be stable unless drastic measures were taken . 
  assad was not even willingly reform the government like other arab countries did . 
  he did n't care about the well-being of the country, 
  i 'd say let the citizens vote for their leaders . 
  there 's only so much oppression they can take before uprising . 
  it 's not stable to deny their voices, 
  the status quo is not working and what happens in syria affects europe . 
  they already do, 
  it really did shocked me that macron received backlash for criticizing previous colonialism, 
  france has the most fertile land in europe , not i do n't see how agriculture is going to help boost ukraine . 
  developing countries will have the ability to sell their agriculture goods for less, 
  intervene ? 
  you make it sound like it happened organically . 
  british government deliberately stopped other countries from giving food . 
  holy shit did n't know ukraine had it that bad, 
  you speak english and close to uk and western world . 
  what advantages does ukraine and eastern bloc have ? 
  there are vouchers that pay for private or magnet religious schools . 
  i 've have witnessed it in minnesota, 
  it 's not easy to ban funding from specific countries . 
  money can be moved silently , otherwise there would n't be tax havens, 
  denmark is also completely fine with racial segregation in schools as well . 
  wait , brussels is just a bunch of palaces ? 
  you have n't walked through the city ? 
  congo played a big role on elevating belgium 's industry . 
  king leopold ll invested heavily on the country through the backs of congo 's extraction . 
  you can see the results just by walking through brussels . 
  belgium still had insurmountable influence in congo enough to give a hit on their democratically elected leader . 
  yeah , bye there 's second class citizens who live in same land as israelis and have different rights, 
  obviously , otherwise there would be no demand for the resources . 
  europe is n't exactly like america or canada where national identity is inclusive to immigrants . 
  it 's hard to assimilate when you stick out like a sore thumb . 
  it 's scary how media socially engineers society for better or worse . 
  why does british feel threatened by immigration subverting their social cohesion ? 
  it 's not black and white . 
  immigrants from western countries do n't just leave their culture and customs at the airport when they come to germany . 
  it 's been diluted . 
  you want every immigrant to be a carbon copy of a german civilian ? 
  they 're never going to feel that german identity is their own . 
  how is it piracy if you got the copy of the game ? 
  they use the same rhetoric , albeit not the same wording . 
  has trudeau still not hold his promise to reform the electorate ? 
  yeah , it 's possible for edgy lords to do it . 
  there was a supposed muslim journalist who got caught doing the same for a story, 
  sadly it 's a common stereotype . 
  you mean far right wingers . 
  they did it with congo . 
  any country would have a high industry getting free resources, 
  yeah , people forget about that, 
  uk does n't feel that way somehow . 
  probably language barrier . 
  that has to do with muslim custom of cleansing i suppose . 
  turkey was the same . 
  dutch were either more honest or very non hygienic, 
  far right wing , not right wing, 
  why does it have to be mutually exclusive ? 
  you 're playing false equivalent and being contrarian, 
  i do n't see how any sensible person would be supportive of stripping off people citizenship to make them stateless . 
  it 's really shameful that a country wo n't take responsible for it 's own citizens . 
  could n't agree more, 
  they do n't integrate though , which i would expect criticism of migration to be one of the issues, 
  cheaper than american citizenship , however it 's better being rich in america, 
  i 'm thinking of changing my name ... 
  no it is n't since denmark does want international students to learn and work in their country . 
  it 's just that there 's eu citizens abusing the system, 
  i was just joking but it really is bizarre to me . 
  even though it 's not the same , it feels like tunisia claiming french or arabic as their language, 
  good thing that police prevented foreign fighters going to syria . 
  lord knows they already have enough problems . 
  that 's what i 'm saying !, 
  cause africans are dumb lmao ... / s, 
  rwanda is showing promises , to the detriment of liberty and freedom, 
  uk is the most tolerant country in europe . 
  even more than scandinavians . 
  whoever disagrees with that is talking rubbish . 
  how can it be your language when it 's netherlands ? 
  do n't worry , he 's okay with negroes but has a problem with plumbers . 
  they 're trying to be fascicious using dog whistle rhetoric making indian pakistanis less desirable than eastern europe immigrants . 
  what about wales ? 
  it seems that welsh economy exports to the eu more than scotland, 
  brexiteers just want immigrants to be treated the same way instead of eu immigrants having open border . 
  thought individuals should be judge individually , not have collective punishment . 
  not to mention their population size . 
  swedistan !, 
  it does n't just affect the person you know ? 
  sjw is a boogyman for alt right . 
  dpp is not a normal party . 
  i do n't believe middle easterners are inherently more violent or succumb to terrorism based on their nature . 
  however , you have to look at the environment . 
  the far right in europe are scary , but israel is a country boardering syria , egypt with terrorism normal there . 
  you have n't experienced far rights in europe . 
  alt right is a smear the left use ? 
  lmao that 's what they label themselves . 
  people take it seriously . 
  and here i am getting comfortable with swedistan, 
  it 's very worrying when francophone have the biggest influence in africa, 
  you really do n't see the advantages of uk strict gun policy when shit like this happen, 
  just give it up . 
  gypsies are the most hated group in europe .
