  plus , the government has a say on who comes and who does n't . 
  people itt do n't realize the difference between having control and reducing immigration . 
  that 's probably a mosque, 
  no go zone is kind of a bullshit term . 
  it evokes a feeling of barracade . 
  there are many places where i would n't feel welcomed but i would n't call it no go zone . 
  i would call it ghettos, 
  government does n't really care about them , that 's how you get ghettos . 
  out of mind out of sight, 
  turkey borders greece and bulgaria as well . 
  pakistan borders china . 
  half of africa is christian . 
  does that make them culturally similar ? 
  have n't experienced any xenophobic attack while in uk but it 's depressing for those who do . 
  wait , it 's blocked in croatia ? 
  this is why a single digital market in eu is important, 
  neutrality is always on the table, 
  turkey shares cultural connection with arabia same way europe shares cultural connection with africa . 
  this is one of the reasons why nationalism is bad, 
  calm the fuck down , every country gets criticized in europe . 
  stop playing the victim, 
  what happened to portugal ? 
  i was rooting for them, 
  blink twice if you 're being forced out of your own free will, 
  politicians to not be out of touch i suppose . 
  compared to other balkan countries ? 
  it did for you guys , otherwise croatia would be looking backwards instead, 
  a pest that big powers try to take advantage, 
  eu and other regional organization taking responsibility . 
  i 'm sure south america had fun times with us as well . 
  just because i 'm against american foreign policy being unchecked does n't mean i support russia . 
  at least america would be in check . 
  the world already suffered enough blunders from america that there needs to be another superpower that prevents usa fun going on powertrips, 
  i 'd say far right had done and are capable of doing far more damage to european societies than what the migration crisis has done, 
  they 're far right of the right wing parties in western europe at least . 
  i am for open borders but not in this century, 
  the abrahamic religions where similarities m more often then differences . 
  the difference is that islam had gone backwards instead of forward to adapt to today 's time . 
  it 's propose was to keep people in, 
  unbelievable , i just ca n't believe this . 
  a warning next time would suffice, 
  swiss muslims are native to the country , otherwise they would n't be swiss since it 's almost impossible getting citizenship there . 
  it would be hypocritical to support one group over the other for using the same democratic system you support . 
  how would they be violating swiss sovereignty when they 're swiss themselves ? 
  which countries refuse to do business with saudi arabia, 
  if swiss muslims enacted their own county which gives them power to rule under sharia law , i would n't suppose you 'd be supporting that ? 
  people already discriminate in the hiring process . 
  it 's hard to prove discrimination, 
  there has to be a middle ground . 
  ca n't have most of the earnings going to top percentiles who do n't even pay taxes, 
  this is why nationalism is such toxic . 
  instead of rebuilding the country together they 're still with the bullshit two decades later . 
  croatia already moved on and look at them prospering . 
  do n't you understand your kind brought this multiculturalism problem in the first place / s, 
  too much hassel . 
  why is kansas city reporting this, 
  imagine danish muslims using direct democracy to use sharia law lol, 
  you do n't see why mob rule is frown upon ? 
  humans are petty, 
  how is this shit upvoted ? 
  guns were created to kill . 
  why is it unreasonable to fear it ? 
  americans look down at european culture as well . 
  it goes both ways, 
  those that criticize cultural appropriation in america have a legitimate argument . 
  i used to think it was ridiculous until i heard the reasoning behind those that see cultural appropriation as negative . 
  are n't we suppose to blame only criminals who commit crimes or does that include their ethnic background as well ? 
  it 's easy to tell when someone is using google translating, 
  it 's obvious to identify those that have n't read the article and are reactionaries itt, 
  it 's not hard but the sacrifice is too much . 
  paying up and being beholden to the company . 
  only desperate third world citizens would put up with that . 
  yeah but it 's almost impossible to get work visa in america . 
  it 's easier in europe since they do n't discriminate on foreigners, 
  before colonialism , i 'd agree that there were barely any sellers in africa, 
  what about southern africa , west africa , east africa , north africa ? 
  civilians were settled there, 
  lmao what ? 
  flair up, 
  this seems bullshit, 
  kingdom manga is interesting . 
  then the citizens of that country have to pay instead of the developers ? 
  europe should n't even be a continent . 
  the defence i hear it 's that they are different culturally but so is middle east and south west asia, 
  convince germany to identify themselves as central europe . 
  then everyone else will follow their footsteps, 
  but someone posted that there 's failed projects in romania . 
  why are those given the greenlight?i would n't be against the funds used for development that citizens would benefit but it seems like the process is n't ridgit enough, 
  i believe the swedish population is not that gullible enough to believe in russian propaganda . 
  lol they 're proposing much more than that . 
  that 's not going to be agreed upon . 
  fat chance prosperous nations would give up their sovereignty to control their financial budget, 
  take her over mia khalifa, 
  europe is weird like that . 
  did n't know incest was that big, 
  this so much but things got way out of hand, 
  pc culture has gone down the gutter . 
  do n't let gema catch you, 
  it 's pretty fucked up that white collar crime is n't hold to the same scrutiny as street burglary, 
  are rape victims more likely to report or not since i 've been told suspects are mostly ones who are close to the victims,
