  in the us , both blacks and whites use drugs on the same scale but blacks are arrested and interrogated far more statistically . 
  there 's also institutional racism where the legal system and poverty areas are low in priority over suburban areas, 
  self determination should be respected full stop . 
  eu 's criticism over serbia is not unfounded . 
  serbia today ca n't join the eu without checking odd the list . 
  same with turkey, 
  how can you support a party that had racist members ? 
  one of them saying they would n't want boateng to be their neighbor . 
  afd is not against muslim immigration for the sake of their ideology but because they 're not native german . 
  blm does n't have a centralized structural system so any bloke can identify themselves as such and sabotage the group . 
  it 's pretty easy for outside forces to bring down the organization from within, 
  frankly france needs it . 
  even if minorities know the language , it 's sweden where even european expats have difficulties integrating, 
  what 's the problem in minnesota ? 
  i just came from there and it was way better than i 've remembered in the 90s, 
  why are americans in this sub again ? 
  have you ever been to marseille ? 
  false equivalence, 
  it already happens with country clubs and clubs . 
  france bad at assimilation is their blame as well . 
  discrimination is still a huge issue in france, 
  i just do n't see how extorting `` migrants '' is even beneficial . 
  it 's just political theatre to show that they 're handling the problem when it does not prevent migrants from immigrating to denmark . 
  its just unproductive and ethically disturbing . 
  migrants aka refugees . 
  seems you 've omitted an important detail . 
  sure you 're not pushing an agenda ? 
  lmao , that 's amazing . 
  denmark was extorting the refugees from their valuable possessions . 
  how was that commendable ? 
  maybe in europe but not africa . 
  they probably have pstd being from somalia . 
  national identity means jack shit when it prevents eu from integration to become useful, 
  if switzerland goes back on their agreements , all those 50 bilateral treaties goes in smoke . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  did n't mean to offend . 
  they have more cultural connection with the balkans . 
  i do n't think people would say the caucuses are not european, 
  switzerland has voted to limit freedom of movement which threatens their bilateral agreements with the eu . 
  it does n't always work, 
  i 'm more worried about pharmaceuticals and quality of food . 
  while i would enjoy being petty with england , ireland is going to lose the most out of uk leaving . 
  you guys are to tired with uk in terms of economy, 
  i understand completely . 
  what 's the red line though . 
  holy shit you could live with that for a year, 
  poland is set to become major but so do other 40 plus populated countries in eu . 
  minarets are all over europe . 
  there 's a lot of things that were n't originated in europe . 
  pretty rich coming from an american . 
  thick you say ? 
  they did vote to limit freedom of movement from eu and have voted against minarets . 
  i could see italy stepping up however france has really dropped the ball . 
  they have nobody but themselves to blame for their predicament if they choose their leaders . 
  eu does not dictate poland 's political ideology . 
  why would poland be set for that before nordic countries ? 
  the current crisis had made it clear more than ever that we should bolster international efforts to prevent mad immigration influx . 
  another crisis in another maghreb or levant region will put eu in unprecedented level, 
  you have to take in account of political stability and strong time of law . 
  ask that investment could lead to nationalization, 
  is that a threat ? 
  germany is run by green party ? 
  why was n't i aware of this great news ? 
  even though it 's true , that 's disingenuous . 
  holding no bars, 
  people do n't use the term british isles mate . 
  especially the irish, 
  same as why muslims immigrate to western countries or westerns moving to middle east, 
  so are you supportive of leaving the eu since there 's no other way to curb unchecked immigration ? 
  do you feel pride of human accomplishments, 
  vice news has led to me, 
  that i think that gypsies being talked like this in this subreddit is bad ? 
  people have close friend circle where relationships were built more than half their lives . 
  it 's not easy as flipping a switch, 
  did n't knew you were a cyborg that has access to the internet 24/7 and can regurgitate info on the spot without missing a beat, 
  i 'm feeling a sort of deja vu here . 
  i swear i read someone posting the same argument but was debunked already and there was n't a follow up comment ever since, 
  do you know sweden 's swedish name ? 
  or how other countries say in their native tongue ? 
  they could get the ireland treatment and still be independent, 
  it does seem sad that it 's normal for gypsies to be talked like that , but i lived in america most of my life so idk, 
  if everybody made their tourist decision based on how well the country is run , third world countries would have no tourist economy, 
  i 'm with you all the way , but there has to be a productive way at reconciliation and getting through to serbia . 
  it 's within eu interest that all of europe joins the eu to strengthen democracy , human rights , and reduce poverty, 
  germany are america 's biggest ally in europe . 
  merkel and obama have mutual understanding . 
  i do n't see why clinton and merkel would n't go further, 
  people wo n't have problem with white muslims . 
  eurozone crisis and migrants i suppose, 
  this is universal . 
  those that do n't live in their respective countries are more nationalistic then their countrymen, 
  belarus is the extreme of russia, 
  no poke poke with stick, 
  how fucking inconsiderate and daft can you be ? 
  leaving islam is apostle and will have you shun from the community . 
  it 's not fun living in exile, 
  your network is centered around africa . 
  i doubt it too . 
  it 's a travesty that important officials to know english . 
  a foreign minister not knowing english is idiotic,
