  there 's nothing in islam book that tells to do honor killing . 
  show me proof that it is . 
  there 's honor killing in non muslim society as well . 
  it ca n't be because of islam . 
  i do n't know that a vast majority of european think colonial was bad . 
  uk and france think it was charity, 
  honor killing and banning driving for women are cultural aspects that does n't have islam to thank to . 
  there 's a lot of legitimate criticism in islam , but the society and culture is already shit to begin with . 
  france should be helping the burden . 
  more asian than europe landmass , but the whole thing is arbitrary anyways, 
  israel is apartheid though , it 's undeniable . 
  ca n't have people living on same land where other group have less rights than another . 
  the islamist party leader cared about his country more than his own political interest . 
  hard to say the same for other leaders . 
  it 's not just because they are kurds . 
  why are you being disingenuous ? 
  there 's loads of reason why in this very thread, 
  you can still be sympathetic to kurds without supporting terrorist organisation or those sympathisers to it, 
  europe is an arbitrary continent that 's connected to asia . 
  there 's no ethnic african or asian . 
  same can be said in middle east but nothing justifies terrorist actions in discriminately targeting civilian population, 
  enforcing borders at sea ? 
  are you this binary in real life as well ? 
  comparing america to sweden ? 
  they 're not europeans . 
  only white people can be called that . 
  ca n't believe people are being sympathetic to terrorist . 
  are we going to do the same for hamas , al qaeda , syrian terrorist rebels ? 
  ca n't take people seriously when they say virtual signaling . 
  they see kaffir sympathisers , aka muslims as the biggest threat . 
  it 's not fun being a minority, 
  that 's not how statistics work . 
  you ca n't extrapolate numbers like that by multiplying percentage of pollsters taken with whole muslim population . 
  it 's not a monolithic group . 
  how was that going to help reduce supposedly `` islamofication '', 
  same result . 
  yet you would be okay with greece and italy taking all the burden ? 
  so much for solidarity, 
  what 's wrong to catering halal to those that eat it ? 
  we do the same for vegetarians, 
  what a lie . 
  there 's no such thing as ethnic europeans . 
  just want to point that out, 
   if denmark for example starts inviting in millions of people from other parts of the world , they will eventually be allowed to settle in germany , poland , italy etc. 
  because they 'll be eu citizens by then . 
  if germany , poland and italy are against inviting them in , then denmark obviously should n't be able to do so . 
  otherwise we just ca n't have open borders and freedom of movement . 
  i do n't think it 's other countries business which country naturalization policy is . 
  you have uk having more people from commonwealth , france have people from former colonies , etc. . . 
  it 's not hard to understand when countries favour others that have ties to the country . 
  the migration crisis was the result of member states going insane with libya and not having any plan when syria hit the fan . 
  any analyst could 've predicted all this but there was n't political will . 
  do n't understand how eu does n't have bilateral agreement with most of the migrants coming as economic immigrants to deport then to their respective countries . 
  you ca n't have libya being the place to dump all migrants . 
  it 's just theifs who happen to be polish or eastern europe but there is a need to look at the correlation in order to reduce the numbers, 
  i thought criminals could n't use fom, 
  why would austria be on that list, 
  they 're associated with members who are racist and patiently tolerate black people handshaking them only to whine about it in closed doors, 
  ca n't be selective on which ethnicity in a country is acceptable . 
  why bother differentiating ? 
  i meant all romanian including gypsies banned . 
  would that be fine to you ? 
  they 're the most hated group in europe, 
  you have to look at the alternative . 
  nato was only a military organisation that did what our was set out to do , namely take out the regime from killing it 's own citizens . 
  what failed was the political aftermath of factions coming together . 
  utterly preposterous . 
  you 'd entrench the sectarian conflict even further . 
  yeah , but they overcompensate if no real opposition is in place . 
  you see america with the patriot act where any opposition is considered unpatriotic . 
  you see in uk where no opposition occurred . 
  would you be perfectly fine if europe banned romania because of roma gypsies ? 
  i do n't know how much swedish society can take more of these sorts of attacks until sd or other equivalent political parties take advantage of peoples insecurity over these matters . 
  government will also push for wide security overreach to compensate for not being able to prevent these sort of attacks . 
  it happened in uk and i would n't be surprised if it happens in sweden as well . 
  these are bad people regardless if they were motivated by islamic or not . 
  to hold collective punishment on a religious group because of 10 or so attackers is ignorant and counterproductive . 
  there 's more nuance to this than just playing the blame game . 
  it 's also na\u00efve and does n't help it when you dismiss the underlying correlation of terrorists attacks . 
  and prop up his son ? 
  we all know what happened in egypt . 
  military regime wo n't let their power go . 
  it 's happening in burma , in thailand , everywhere else . 
  then why are we suddenly parroting putin propaganda, 
  why is russia blocking any investigations from happening in the un security council ? 
  the problem supporting kurds is after the war if it finishes , they will expect to gain independence which is n't feasible in geopolitical sense . 
  of course iran is against this decision . 
  many would agree with you , but it came off as angst and unnecessary to the discussion, 
  me too . 
  if only eu , nato , and the middle east countries had any backbone, 
  russia and syria should be trusted . 
  there 's always other solutions besides military actions . 
  not supporting assad is minimum we can do . 
  there 's already refugee crisis in syria and it 's not going to stop anytime soon . 
  pandora 's box is already open . 
  there 's nothing we can prevent . 
  that a short term thinking . 
  it 's not going to be stable . 
  dictatorship is never stable . 
  another arab spring can start any day,
