  this is more nationalist than religious, 
  i meant the person you 've replied to, 
  what makes you say that ? 
  imagine if there were outside influence dictating europe during their upheaval . 
  it would be very differing, 
  person is american and regular the donald poster . 
  they focused on women attire instead of the males, 
  speaking from experience ? 
  maybe you 've confused it with aslan, 
  it is still unreasonable for greece to pursue 12 mi maritime boarder when they know the circumstance and effect of that . 
  international laws are not set in stones or enforced . 
  it 's you who is naive to think that . 
  as they should n't since it will block the aegean sea, 
  that 's just honeymoon faze where they can feel good about their social liberal stance . 
  once it looses its longevity , people will talk about economy, 
  craving for carne asada fries or burritos ... 
  there are americans everywhere . 
  would love to have higher participation of other people around the world . 
  lucky to not be born in denmark . 
  fuck no, 
  i would like to try that, 
  checked in wiki and it 's actually true . 
  surprised turkey is southern europe though, 
  what a shitshow from the comments and this situation, 
  compared to slovenia ? 
  i find that hard to believe since he has turkish lineage, 
  just putting it in context . 
  that s like saying you rather be pissed than shitted on . 
  at the end of the day , they rather not take any . 
  second biggest party is right wing . 
  why not help us understand why you 're so confident that refugees will be deported ? 
  they 're social conservative in the sense of not recognizing non ethnic swedes as swedish . 
  afd are worst . 
  glad to know that even if refugees assimilate 100 percent , they wo n't be accepted, 
  my relatives came as refugees but are now danish citizens . 
  you have to be naive to think it 's going to work like you imagine, 
  ca n't believe that you have to break hate speech law to criticize immigration . 
  example is luanda where it 's one of the most expensive cities to live in the world, 
  that 's very controversial term since india is a secular country, 
  middle east did n't have suicide bombers and terrorists to this scale . 
  this whole article is incorrect . 
  i find it funny that your whole gripe is about them leaving out malm\u00f6 and including copenhagen . 
  let 's not generalize the country . 
  oh yeah , forgot about that, 
  it always bothered me why the city is named after a spray can . 
  what if god made evolution ? 
  i can see people saying that since he created everything , it 's not far fetched to think he was behind evolution, 
  both places have high immigrant population . 
  is the hungarian government really serious or is this for nefarious reason ? 
  her mistake was living in valencia, 
  being in marseille is prison enough, 
  problem is i do n't go to the countryside . 
  only countryside i 've gone was in denmark . 
  was n't raised in sweden so do n't know much about it . 
  fuck , how is that possible ? 
  is his market only in finland ? 
  certainly not british people . 
  who 's sane enough to live in east germany ? 
  i ca n't understand people who think immigration is more destructive to germany than afd policy, 
  i support self determination . 
  it does n't matter if it 's kosovo or western sahara, 
  since when has sweden became eastern europe ? 
  it 's in the interest for serbia to let go of a losing battle and cut losses . 
  serbia is only damaging itself . 
  it really shows the subs true colors that far right bigoted extremists are being defended one sided . 
  stop being a muslim apologist . 
  wait , you 're talking about far rights ? 
  carry on ... 
  africa and the world needs europe china and north america to use less resources since it 's finite . 
  i 'll have good news for my comrades . 
  i find it weird since mostly is religious christians who are very welcoming to refugees and see it as their duty to take part in their integration programs, 
  how makes you say it is n't similar to mexicans living in usa, 
  i can totally relate to your experience . 
  there 's thousands of us, 
  migrants have n't stopped coming . 
  preventing migrants from leaving greece is all good , but turkey deal is about solving the migrants already in the eu . 
  uk does n't see the similarities . 
  you think xenophobes will give eastern european a pass ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  so greece and italy 's problem is still not solved . 
  i do n't consider that a success . 
  word ? 
  i thought it was the turkey deal that solved it . 
  nothing is solved actually . 
  it 's only medicated, 
  your comment made me interested in angolan soap opera . 
  checked it and surprised by the production . 
  thought it would be like nollywood, 
  there 's opposition and there 's productive solution . 
  how blasphemous, 
  why is it that far right is more popular than far left ? 
   but yes , given patience , an ancient greek could talk to a modern greek . 
  that 's so cool . 
  way similar than old english to modern i suppose, 
  taiwan not numba one ? 
  i was n't serious and am an avid humanist . 
  , did n't think my comment would get upvoted, 
  i ca n't believe people upvoted my comment . 
  it 's easier integrating in anglophone countries than non english speaking european countries for non natives . 
  why ca n't they just let them drown ?
