  you never watched porn ? 
  i would think that uncircumcised penis is still not the norm, 
  it 's just that the appearance of an uncircumcised pennis does n't jive with me, 
  no other country is willing to take the lead and leading the eu . 
  it was by default that germany was chosen, 
  i would enjoy if the whole world was america tbh . 
  finally we would get netflix with great catalogue, 
  is there anyone who was n't glad that they were circumcised and had no memory of it ? 
  i 'm actually glad i was circumcised when i was young . 
  i would n't have done it if i was much older due to the pain, 
  you forget the fundamental difference between us and europe . 
  it 's waaaaaay much easier to integrate in america and identify as an american than sweden as non native . 
  some would beg to differ, 
  well if uk citizens are not allowed to work visa free , i reckon it would be more difficult for them to stay . 
  i do n't see how that is against human rights, 
  the system is very lax and not regulated enough to protect from abuse . 
  most of the older generation leeches on benefits sadly and abuse the goodwill of the system . 
  because of the globalized society wet live in . 
  because they came from somalia, 
  the world needs lies population not more, 
  did he used the nazis greeting even though he 's polish ? 
  uk leaving did n't make sense but look how that turned out . 
  i would n't rule anything out, 
  it 's sad that british does n't have cultural historic relevance to the world that they have to resort to taking others, 
  you 're equating muslims to nazis ? 
  they 're already out of the eu . 
  they may as well take back control of their own destiny, 
  northern ireland is a country , not a region, 
  i do n't see how leaving eu will reduce muslim in uk since majority of them , probably 95 percent , came through non eu immigration, 
  like uk can say anything about it . 
  how many south west asians and muslims do you guys currently have ? 
  i guarantee its more than sweden, 
  i was questioning the premise that there 's a huge dramatic cultural demographic shift in europe, 
  europe is 500 million . 
  how much could immigrants be percentage wise, 
  i see immigration as leaving reason and sovereignty as second . 
  i do n't see any other reasons being proposed, 
  i think it 's reckless to leave eu because of what could possibly happen 10 years from now . 
  2006 is very different from 2016 in terms of political climate, 
  swiss are xenophobic on europeans , forget about non eu citizens, 
  his legacy has been tainted because of the iraq war but blair was a phenomenon politician . 
  when will conservatives ever understand to not guarantee anything on immigration, 
  leaving the eu because of the migration crisis would be dumb since uk did not have shengen in place, 
  honestly it 's either going to be french german or english with spanish coming close . 
  just like how the other languages died down, 
  you 're confusing america 's problem with europe . 
  their manifesto is a bit extreme . 
  i ca n't see voters understanding where add stands for except for immigration, 
  he 's getting attacked from both sides . 
  those saying he 's not addressing the black community struggles enough and others saying he 's race baiting . 
  surely no one is going to object that all rapist are majority men . 
  we need to ban men until this whole issue is sorted out, 
  you think racism and xenophobia is based upon logic ? 
  you 're so famous and recognizable in this subreddit that i thought your views were well known . 
  apparently they 're not but your satire was too good, 
  why would liberals have ideological compatible with afd, 
  there 's no somalia government . 
  it 's a facade of warlord who legitimize themselves to get international funding . 
  there 's no functioning government in somalia . 
  syria has a stronger government than somalia . 
  do n't know since i currently do not live in sweden . 
  maybe because canada does n't have free movement of people . 
  you guys only take skilled workers, 
  what an amazing analogy, 
  getting a place to live in malmo and gothenburg takes more than one year . 
  i suppose stockholm is the same, 
  however there is skepticism on the eu project in sweden . 
  why do you suppose that is, 
  croatia can work anywhere in the eu except for austria, 
  how funny that using google now , it only bring a basketball player with the same name, 
  plus it 's a bit difficult to start learning french and german, 
  keep on dreaming, 
  in all fairness . 
  people did not want to be a state according to the wishes of these citizens, 
  to be honest it 's been so long since i 've read about the whole cyprus issue that i 'm not entirely confident about the specifics , but greece had too much influence in the matter which propelled turkey to `` protect '' the turks there, 
  people are also failing to note that it was due to greece manipulating cyprus, 
  does n't explain why people were forced to convert to christianity if they were only muslim to avoid tax, 
  that 's actually a different person named coco , the wife of rapper and actor over ice t, 
  good god i thought this was a joke, 
  sweden are much worse than germany in terms of neutrality, 
  what a huge irony an epic portion . 
  only egypt trail behind greece, 
  fuck off mate, 
  i 'm not saying that israel is illegal but they do promote illegal occupation and are supportive on it . 
  i tend to agree that solving through diplomacy is infinitely better than going primitive route . 
  you seem to be ignoring that there 's illegal occupation . 
  it 's not like palestinians came to a foreign country and are being bad house guests, 
  you ca n't expect people to integrate and then identify them as foreigners, 
  possibly because they do n't believe in the eu project . 
  i do n't understand how cyprus join the eu, 
  they get more benefits being inside the eu than outside, 
  denmark do not have the same clout as the uk do . 
  when finally get the solutions to share it with the rest of us , will you ? 
  denmark is n't stupid enough to leave the eu . 
  well said mate, 
  but he has dual citizenship though . 
  he 's more than portuguese descent, 
  americans asking if africa have water :(, 
  as i was walking around in goteborg , roman were trying to catch my attention using islamic greetings . 
  they sure have integrated quite well,
