  countries were n't helping un when they were asking donation for refugee camps . 
  it 's only when the problem came to their backyard that suddenly they 're passionate about helping unhcr, 
  not going to happen , at least in scandinavia . 
  it 's going to be hard to persuade irish population to support military spending, 
  what would make it reassuring for you to believe eu will defend eastern/central europe ? 
  erdogan must 've been insane siding with gulen . 
  there is only so much you can chew, 
  malm\u00f6 does not have 50 less natives . 
  why are you lying ? 
  lol in what policy ? 
  youtube comments are special . 
  they make this subreddit look far left hippies, 
  fake new . 
  european culture, 
  people do n't seem to understand the difference between refugees and economic migrants . 
  ca n't even be courageous enough to defend your beliefs . 
  so now we 're against integration ? 
  you wo n't find a utopia country . 
  what standard country are you comparing uk to ? 
  uk is the most tolerant friendly country i know . 
  you 're overreacting . 
  far right have more power than far left in eu . 
  how do you greet a person without shaking hand ? 
  it 's a universal greeting, 
  this is anomonous . 
  why would people lie ? 
  build a wall around the netherlands and make the dutch pay for it, 
  if that were true , india would be efficient . 
  would you shake a person 's hands after witnessing him fondling his penis ? 
  who does n't wash their hands after wiping their ass ? 
  i always thought washing have after bathroom was common sense . 
  wtf ... where did this culture came from ? 
  so this is where valkyrie chronicles 2 for is inspiration from . 
  no healthcare , expensive tuition costs , low regulation of medicine and food , poor internet infrastructure , etc. . . 
  but yeah , america is amazing if you 're rich, 
  uk is in need for freedom ? 
  i was mocking a person who believed native europeans would be minorities . 
  people here assumed diversity = non white . 
  this sub gets triggered easily . 
  differences is miniscule . 
  no diversity . 
  they all look the same . 
  did n't stop uk from wanting controlled borders . 
  eritrean government would gladly take their citizens and put them in concentrating camps, 
  sarkosy obviously, 
  i understand tpp since it would uplift workers rights in third world countries and protect investments , but europe has higher regulations than us that 's good for food quality and medicine, 
  i said i do n't want to . 
  it happened reluctantly, 
  no need to insult poland . 
  your right , but if this would still be upvoted higher . 
  i do n't even want to challenge the agenda here since the victim suffered the must out of this ordeal, 
  i 'd rather be annexed by ussr than nazi . 
  i do n't see a sane person choosing the latter, 
  i 'm no fan of stalin , but hitler would 've committed genocide on slavs . 
  there 's no europe solidarity . 
  if muslims were n't present in europe , anti immigrants would target ee, 
  i 'm not a swede so your statement renderers moot . 
  self awareness, 
  because swedes have one of the highest english speakers in europe that 's not uk or ireland . 
  doubt there 's going to do anything seeing as how they allow consent for underaged teens, 
  it ca n't be the fault of roma 's for everything bad about the countries, 
  as a pole , you see germans a bit too brainwashed ? 
  whenever i see someone use culture to discredit others , it reminds me of racism, 
  and south africa, 
  you did this on purpose, 
  how is that possible for eu nationals ? 
  i thought you meant hostile as in society , not the government . 
  it would be perfect to work in hungary while getting paid by western european companies, 
  would they be hostile to hungarians though , compared to other european immigrants ? 
  immigration policy was strict already , it 's just that the migrant crisis could n't cope with the numbers, 
  idk if i should be celebrating or depressed . 
  what 's your interpretation of strict immigration ? 
  absolutely perfect . 
  it 's not about punishment but following eu laws and regulations . 
  ca n't have open borders to non eu countries . 
  ireland depends on the eu far more than any other western country . 
  their whole economic success is more so because of eu, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the moderate party and other right wing favor strict immigration . 
  no no no no !!!, 
  they 're concerned citizens , you see ? 
  france and italy have the means to do so but they 're lacking in leadership of their own, 
  this is what 's infuriating . 
  ireland would not leave the eu just because of the border negotiations . 
  how can they hate uk ? 
  they just hate the government and the people living in it, 
  nothing would 've stop brexit from happening . 
  uk was never aligned with the eu . 
  china has huge population . 
  i think the percentage skews it, 
  id gather cooperation would mean believing in communism, 
  but there are states or provinces where there 's different ethnicities . 
  until they stop being elected , the party will see it as though their constituents agree with their policy, 
  ukip obviously . 
  afd is neo nazi lite . 
  it 's a disservice to lump ukip with afd, 
  look at username . 
  obvious troll, 
  half of your trades are in the eu . 
  it 's going to be a bitch buying imports like videogames .
