  what makes him a nasty globalists, 
  it make sense that people do n't want to have their government responsible for interventions that gives blowback and waste capital and political will . 
  i disagree with this morally , but fundamentally it 's within freedom of speech . 
  it 's naive to think us is benevolent towards syria . 
  there are countries like congo car burundi yet us does n't have vested interest in there . 
  summary of every government, 
  i do n't see military regime leaving the office anytime soon . 
  at least with the islamists , they were civilians . 
  if assad resigned before the clusterfuck started , it would n't come to what 's happening now . 
  did egypt and tunisia fall to isis and jihadist ? 
  muslim brotherhood were just islamists . 
  thing is destabilized russia is not good for eu . 
  it seems way easier to sell right wing rhetoric than left wing in this political climate . 
  i was a bit surprised that indians/pakistanis adults in their 50s spoke english within themselves . 
  most immigrants use their own language to converse themselves . 
  that 's an insult to shit buildings . 
  this looks like an abomination . 
  they said fuck it and voted for lucifer, 
  it 's because france assimilation means abandoning their culture . 
  look at france colonies . 
  you think poland can hold a torch against catholics in central south america ? 
  so are some arabs . 
  you might be mistaken as one in poland . 
  you have to be really sick to gloat on rape crimes, 
  obviously i am being silly but wanted to see you triggered . 
  guess i 've failed . 
  could say the same to portugal . 
  having angola bail you out must be embarrassing . 
  we both know that it happens in nordic countries as well . 
  when applicants have similar qualifications , 9 out of 10 the person without the immigrant name will be picked . 
  its human primitive mindset to be gravitating towards people of similar social group . 
  why are you so reluctant to flair up ? 
  wheres your flair ? 
  police complaining about doing their job ? 
  so why do people of immigrant background in france suffer from job discrimination ? 
  can we say that 's white culture being racist ? 
  you ca n't blame immigrants just because of few bad apples . 
  especially immigrants that lived there for 2nd to third generation, 
  i find this hard to believe . 
  i take that as you ca n't . 
  you would be surprised of human trafficking that happens in western countries . 
  imagining what middle east is like is just depressing, 
  imposter , no true serbian would ask for permission, 
  i challenge you to find a geopolitical situation that does n't involve usa . 
  it 's not just their immigration policies . 
  the way they handle it is borderline far right and xenophobic . 
  i thought even neo nazis would n't beat up a kid . 
  maybe i thought too highly of them . 
  what kind of sick human being would beat up a kid ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking what is the meaning of northern estonia ? 
  is there a divide in culture ? 
  i think it 's the other way around since africans never occupied france and force assimilation onto its subjects . 
  fortunately swedish immigrants do n't suffer from this . 
  i do n't understand why this is getting downvoted . 
  actually , i do which is sad . 
  maybe for them but at what cost for invaders ? 
  yugoslavia was n't that long ago , along with ukraine, 
  there no such thing as ethnically belgian since it 's a nationality . 
  are you serious ? 
  banished to the shadow realm, 
  that 's not something to scoff at . 
  his actions has caused whole civilizations to disappear . 
  it 's not some pesky `` human rights '' standard . 
  it 's the same as if africans and asians were wiped out of earth . 
  unlike americans , europe hold themselves to higher standards than third world countries . 
  are you american ? 
  how daft can you be not understand what eurocentric means ? 
  spain arrested him . 
  even the government at that time despised him . 
  to celebrate him when he was considered a horrible human even at his time should be appalled . 
  no it does n't . 
  i 'm just trying to make people understand those that suffer from eurocentric views, 
  it did n't affected me or my parents ancestors since they were the oppressors but i do n't like figures being celebrated such as columbus . 
  it just smacks of being unapologetic towards the victims . 
  nothing really compares to the atlantic slave trade which heavily targeted black africans and institutional racism . 
  every other civilization had slavery but it was n't discriminatory . 
  i 'm just saying the cost of what columbus did was too much and ca n't be justified or reasoned . 
  ca n't imagine people would welcome asians and africans being wiped out of their continents . 
  i think you 're a bit bias since you are an american but the world would have done just fine without discovery of north south america . 
  in fact , the whole slave trade would n't have happened . 
  at the cost of wiping out two continental civilization and race . 
  in my opinion it 's the worst genocide in human history . 
  the cost are far too great for the insignificant gains . 
  he contributed to a whole civilization in two continents to be wiped out . 
  imagine if europe had suffered the same fate as native americans, 
  why would catalans brag about columbus ? 
  do n't they understand he was horrible even during his time ? 
  or maybe the whole civil rights but for aliens, 
  this is surprising since most foreign background danish kids are struggling with their native language rather than danish . 
  i was young at that time but am glad sweden opted out of the euro . 
  however , it 's disappointing that they did n't get the opt out benefit that denmark got, 
  white males are such delicate snowflakes that they are in need of constant attention . 
  stop condescending the aryan master race, 
  as a swedish national living in britain , idk if i should be excited for the shitshow or depressed . 
  this is what i do n't understand . 
  those that do n't believe in government decision yet want government to have more power . 
  at least libertarians are logical . 
  oh the tragedy . 
  let 's not trigger neckbeards, 
  that 's a poor excuse to justify,
