  that 's what you assume but i have no intention of arguing something that 's clear cut . 
  besides , this has derailed the topic either way so congratulations . 
  it 's just my personal opinion . 
  duh it 's occupied because i do n't need to state the obvious and have no intention of going through mumbo jumbo law doublespeak . 
  palestine is recognized as a state internationally and it 's boarders are clear cut . 
  area c is inside palestinian territory which is palestinian land , not israelis . 
  i know humans are suppose to choose their species over others , but i ca n't shake the feeling that it is wrong . 
  missed out on what ? 
  being oppressed and not having freedom ? 
  they were lucky not to be born in muslim household yet they choose it nonetheless . 
  i ca n't understand that . 
  it 's literally identified as occupied territories . 
  i do n't know how clear cut it could be that 's is occupied . 
  a foreign entity holds control over the territory hence its occupied . 
  palestinian government does n't dictate boarder controls without israel approval . 
  it 's an abomination to pedestrians . 
  bye they 're ten times worst for muslim converts . 
  i have not seen one that was n't extremely fundamentalist, 
  then that 's not liberal values but restriction of freedom of expression, 
  you do n't see west bank and gaza as occupied land, 
  tory brexiteers should have had a plan either way . 
  if your criticism is that we 're not doing enough to other conflicts , i respect it . 
  however , if you 're saying that we should let israel off the hook because others are doing it , then i do n't agree, 
  when has palestinians been given their sovereignty of west bank ? 
  a private organization does it so it 's not public paid anyway . 
  it 's besides the point either way since gmo affects everybody, 
  it 's not israel territory though , but syria . 
  are we going to acknowledge crimea belongs to russia legitimately ? 
  hypocrites, 
  i use 3 provider . 
  is it the same ? 
  3 mobile provider is also available in uk, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  thats a naive assumption . 
  however she is desperate for acceptance so she 'll do whatever is necessary, 
  it seems a purge is necessary, 
  employees majority would rather pick people closer to their social structure rather than foreign named applicants . 
  it happens in america , with minorities discriminated against . 
  forget about europe with has homogeneous cultural background in their respective countries . 
  uk is probably the most multicultural country and they 're not really in ideal situation, 
  some of them are very angry ( deservedly so ) and that clouds their judgement to look at it neutrally but any non native will feel difficult integrating to a different country . 
  the difference is by how much . 
  middle eastern or african culture ( they 're not homogeneous cultures but have distinct regional similarities ) are different from europe more than latin america . 
  i beg to differ but if anything , you 're quite consistent with your opinion, 
  look at euro zone . 
  people thought too highly of their national group, 
  you ca n't have economic union without political union, 
  do n't have problem in uk aside from being in barren wasteland, 
  good luck with that . 
  since youth do n't vote or are n't consistent , politicians wo n't give them the time of day, 
  what about the internet though ? 
  heard it sucks and costly as well . 
  plus import goods are overpriced, 
  if that stopped you from being left wing , you were n't one in the beginning, 
  careful there , you ca n't say that without triggering people . 
  you are naive if you think that 's true . 
  should be 15 euros . 
  that price is too low, 
  turkey will live , is the eu that would lose the most . 
  turkeys hand are n't tied by human rights, 
  they have no realistic solution . 
  so they do is complain . 
  if that picture did n't affect you , nothing will . 
  what an insight that people are driven by emotion, 
  way to throw sovereignty out the window, 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  why would anyone consider themselves danes when their fellow citizens do n't ? 
  religious discrimination should n't be accepted . 
  i thought we gone through this . 
  she must be a sadist to run again, 
  i would n't be surprised of it were true, 
  nato has gone in the offensive allow more than defensive, 
  eu human rights would not allow concentration camps inside eu, 
  it is a european country just as much as cyprus is or caucasus . 
  it 's not going to be eu because it 's majority muslim with high population, 
  ca n't let pesky body count get in the way, 
  two countries out of significant far right government . 
  you want me to bring up nazi ? 
  if that how far back you 're willing to go ? 
  venezuela and north korea was line tone ago . 
  if that is the last time far left did damage , then you 've proven my point, 
  now situation is reversed in middle east . 
  as oppose to europe being better off without jews ? 
  why would it be a positive outcome to jews leaving their homes ? 
  only a nationalist would see that as good outcome, 
  there are more right extremist in power than left . 
  when have you last heard far left doing any damage, 
  ca n't say the same for middle east, 
  being afraid of the unknown is human trait . 
  western europe is just more enlightened . 
  that 's weird , they check everybody on the train, 
  no , it does n't take 4 witnesses to convict a rapist today , except for saudi, 
  freedom of expression is taken seriously across the pond , unlike europe . 
  you 're claiming majority of migrants are rapists ? 
  is that you trump ? 
  you are judging people based on their ethnicity instead of them individually . 
  people do n't rape because of where they 're from but because they 're bad people . 
  judging majority based on minority is ignorant . 
  no one asked for migrant crisis to happen . 
  if people are idiots enough to give power to populists who promise the moon but in actuality are incompetent , that 's their prerogative,
