  ukip looks like a progressive liberal green party compared to the others . 
  ukip is n't far right, 
  you think a space faring civilization will still be separated by arbitrary borders ? 
  nah , it 's inevitable that eu becomes federal . 
  i ca n't see that in the future there wo n't be one federal earth, 
  you want v4 to be leading eu ? 
  an eu army would prevent such a notion yet it is n't finland 's best interest to go against russia, 
  i doubt you can live without the technologies we have today and easier lifestyle . 
  i see couple of irish lads giving depressing experience in ireland . 
  maybe it 's an exaggeration but hopefully better than sweden, 
  you 'd have to be dense not to think muslims are discriminated based on their religion, 
  sweden is the epitome of pc culture . 
  fine line you 're trotting, 
  it 's just bad taste . 
  too edgy, 
  well , uk roads are abnormal . 
  you do n't expect to have smooth sailing in the arctic sea . 
  would you rather be born to baby boomers generation just to ride cars, 
  they go against my views , therefore i have concluded that they 're censoring themselves to pc culture, 
  are you being deliberately obtuse ? 
  who said anything about native americans, 
  lol americans do n't even know the 50 states, 
  same as how americans is n't an ethnicity . 
  i reckon it 's italians french and german, 
  swiss is n't an ethnicity but i see your point, 
  what 's the point of helping local farmers with subsidies of they 're more expensive and waste efficiencies by how much taxes wasted on it, 
  you 've gone too far, 
  you 're a sociopath if political views leave you feeling unsympathetic of innocent civilians dying, 
  he has no responsibilities so that gives him leeway to talk simpleton . 
  your fighting the good fight but alas , to no avail, 
  there 's a difference between using that terminology on people though, 
  there should be no tolerance for drunk driving . 
  any politician who ca n't even follow basic rule of law should volunteer to resign, 
  it 's that suppose to be sarcasm in response to tuekey, 
  lol , eastern europe is certainly better than he west these days, 
  it 's called concern trolling, 
  should n't it be the other way around, 
  thank god sweden does n't have forced military participation like danes do, 
  by the time it became progressive enough to walk on beaches nude , there would be technological breakthrough to easily have a healthy body, 
  not sure if they even consider themselves israeli, 
  austria , where kangaroos live, 
  when a state gives citizenship to a person , they 're responsible to them . 
  it would be good to challenge the more sensible muslims to understand the bad things in islam . 
  that 's how people became ex muslims, 
  we 're not americans, 
  works in sweden, 
  ideologically , i just do n't think it 's governments mandate to circumvent people 's civil liberties, 
  but that 's bank policy in which they 're a private entity . 
  it 's when government bans things that i have a problem of . 
  but religious freedom is blunt in the first amendment . 
  i ca n't imagine christians favoring banning burka since they see it as slippery slope on their part . 
  somewhere in us , a state proposed giving free tokens for religious schools . 
  once muslims took advantage of it , they switched position . 
  i do n't know much about other countries constitution but banning burka would n't even be proposed since the supreme court would call it unconstitutional . 
  this policy is being proposed and france banned it . 
  we can shit on america but they have the best constitution for individual freedom . 
  how can you tell which is refugee and which are not ? 
  not all swedish people have same political views, 
  i do n't like it when government tells it 's people what to wear and what not to wear . 
  anyone can tell this is just political theater and it wo n't do anything . 
  i 'm not in favor of burka bit i also am not in favor of banning it, 
  it 's hard for those who live in america to support such a thing since it goes against the constitution . 
  europe is n't built on individual freedom . 
  still does n't explain the phenomenon of people who do n't experience immigration being the most vocal . 
  same for brexit communities where there 's barely any immigrants, 
  how did it work when migrants were using denmark as stepping stone to come to sweden ? 
  once sweden started checking documents upon arrival , they could n't come to sweden, 
  that 's not going to work . 
  people are n't going to believe until they see it for themselves . 
  what we can do is arrest human traffickers, 
  we can then separate those who truly are refugees from the ones that are economic migrants if they do n't accept their settlement to eastern europe . 
  there needs to be a unified immigration policy and no country except germany and the border countries seem to have solutions, 
  british were more destructive which can still be felt till this day their sectarian divide and conquer . 
  what a fucking shitshow . 
  because there needs to be a standard regulation and policies across the member states and those who are in the single market . 
  there 's a need for both a carrot and stick, 
  without fom it would be like each state in the us having its own immigration policies which would hinder growth . 
  that 's not a single market . 
  labour is the bare bone of single market, 
  freedom of movement is the single market . 
  without it , it 's just a free trade deal . 
  freedom of movement is the core principle of the eu project . 
  there ca n't realistically be a single market without it . 
  no , it 's the other way around . 
  what utter gross generalization . 
  finland should n't worry about refugees , they 'd rather go back to syria that be in finland . 
  all they see is germany and sweden, 
  i would hope since i assume you guys were humans, 
  if germany does n't , who will ? 
  that 's what people thought about british during the falklands wae, 
  damn lay off eastern europe, 
  this was about afd policies and their traditional family are not compatible with western ideals, 
  it 's not mutually exclusive . 
  preserve culture or whatever but not force your ideals upon others . 
  yes , they 're racists and i consider racists lunatics . 
  when they attack even a half ethnic german , you 'd best stay away from them . 
  people who have those type of mindset are highly likely to be lunatics . 
  plus , i thought western countries values are above that . 
  because they do n't see themselves as superior to whites . 
  this is so wrong in so many levels .
