  identity does n't mean squat when you 're struggling to put food on the table, 
  we saw what france can do in libya, 
  you voted to leave the eu , we ca n't top that . 
  you 're not being forthcoming . 
  i highly doubt reddit is censoring migrants since that 's what is talked about the most in this subreddit . 
  surprised suddenly segregation is popular . 
  how hypocritical that immigrants were blamed for self segregation yet now it 's okay for schools to do it . 
  this thread is unbelievable . 
  people actually support segregation . 
  how regressive if europe goes back to primitive nationalist thinking . 
  it has no place in eu, 
  it 's the truth . 
  just as how middle east is homophobic , and antisemitic , eastern europe also has its own problems . 
  we should n't intervene on domestic matters . 
  try bring non american wanting to migrate to usa . 
  it 's way easier to go to britain than america, 
  religious discrimination ftw, 
  you ca n't be racist against whites, 
  the australia system is n't viable . 
  eu are not willing to circumvent human rights to propose concentration camp . 
  look at nauru incidents, 
  if you do n't believe in human rights , go to countries who do n't . 
  there are people who do n't see it as occupation and want the status quo, 
  then you 're incompatible with western ideals, 
  eu cohesion was already undermined when european countries left italy and greece to fend for themselves, 
  no , france is just incompetent . 
  you would n't see germany having this problem, 
  let 's forget about the horrendous controversy surround australia 's solution, 
  if you do n't believe in human rights , you 're incompatible with european ideals, 
  absolute appalling that it came to this . 
  corsicans who participated in this and those who fail to prevent it should lower their head in shame . 
  ca n't believe this happened in western europe of all places, 
  you 've hit the biggest problem with the current integration policies . 
  that 's terrifying and depressing . 
  people just want israel to stop illegal occupation . 
  once they do that , it would be much easier to support israel . 
  you 're naive to think danes and poles have similar culture . 
   the reason why empathy is limited to pakistanis is because of their massive overrepresentation in sexual rape and/or grooming of underage white girls . 
  so if they raped non white girls it would be okay ? 
  it ca n't be bad that the victims were raped , their skin has to matter in order for it to matter . 
   is that fair to all pakistanis ? 
  but let 's not pretend as if the polish and pakistani populations have similar profiles . 
  the pakistanis have * far * more social pathologies than the polish . 
  still does n't justify anything since it 's just excusing xenophobic and discriminatory bias against minorities since their actions are heavily scrutinized compared to the majority . 
   the problem is that the socially more moderate pakistani populations in london get to suffer for that , since their values are far more secular/modern , but that still does n't change the fact of what is happening in towns all over northern england re : pakistanis . 
  comparing the two populations is daft . 
  no , the problem is that there should n't be collective punishment based on national , not that subset of what you consider ` western ' are being targeted for blame as well . 
  trying to justify discriminatory bias is daft, 
  ca n't believe people are hurt that they did n't attack the ` right ' kind of immigrants and trying to justify their mindset . 
  far right parties do n't consider non natives as germans so why would they vote them ? 
  i bet it was done on purpose . 
  the guardian did n't have the galls to follow through snowden leaks and had to destroy the data, 
  glad sweden stop conscription . 
  always annoy my danish cousin having to enlist in service . 
  they 're not going to vote for a party that is negative towards immigrants in germany . 
  that 's like majority black people in america voting for republicans, 
  eastern europeans are known as socially open as western countries . 
  it 's not surprising, 
  the thing with ukip is they suppress people with those viewpoints on public figure . 
  afd does n't bother and high senior figures are saying this . 
  afd is n't against islam because of constructed reason , they 're against any non pure german, 
  australia or eu ? 
  which is better ? 
  when their members have something against boetang being german , you have to question their viewpoints . 
  what a fucking shitshow and absolute comedy . 
  no wonder uk felt left out of eu when cameron did n't have any influence . 
  it really shows incompetence of the european countries that germany is begging for others to step up . 
  eu is controlled by a center right party . 
  thought the supposedly moderated left the party since it had extreme members . 
  if afd were like ukip , people would have less of a problem but they 're just npd in disguise . 
  what a condescending point of view . 
  human rights and all the things you 've listed are universal, 
  i think out of all the five continents only africans think of themselves as africans, 
  what 's wrong with watching anime, 
  honestly why does bosnia endure from serbs side ? 
  why do n't they just let them leave . 
  i did n't compare their experience , just stated that scotland would n't be in this predicament if they were not in the union, 
  what a shit show . 
  is there no other pressing matter in bosnia than state holiday or does the supposedly holiday have any meaning ? 
  i knew it was a dane !, 
  does n't the eu have that as well ? 
  being muslim is / s, 
  there are liberals who would switch when it 's convenient . 
  it 's only popular to them due to peer pressure and society shift, 
  this really angers me . 
  such powerlessness against the elites, 
  they are fucking over the whole world including eu . 
  united states do n't have same tax systems in each state . 
  i do n't think there 's a need for whole eu wide minimum tax percentage, 
  i do n't think you have to dislike english just to be supporter of having sovereignty in domestic and foreign matters . 
  scotland would n't be in this predicament if they left the union like how ireland did . 
  what 's wrong with sweden being independent ? 
  taliban tried to ban the use . 
  anything that affects your soberness is strictly haram in sharia except medical reasons, 
  how can you be extreme muslim enough to take sharia seriously yet deal with hashish, 
  welcome to gothenburg, 
  the thing is snp supporters do n't want anything to do with england and rather have full sovereignty to decide their future, 
  it becomes irrelevant when your interests are not aligned . 
  to be fair this vote was a slap in the face of the european project and the whole thing was lost in a farce . 
  never witnessed such damning irresponsible campaign that will effect europe in the future,
