  people are put on suspect terrorist list for anything . 
  forgive me for being paranoid but that does n't sound good to me, 
  guess i have no reason to go to us . 
  there 's other places to visit, 
  wtf ? 
  i 'll kill you - duterte, 
  what about when they become radicalize inside europe ? 
  ghana is less xenophobic than poland but does that mean something ? 
  poland culture is not fine the way it is . 
  they have xenophobic anti gay i tolerant problem . 
  i 'd say that uk is the least xenophobic country . 
  other country just hide it better, 
  he 's some sort of lawyer which is how he walks the thin line without being prosecuted . 
  months ago i think he pushed his luck too much and karma got him, 
  i would n't be surprised if they were segregated . 
  it happened in denmark, 
  people do n't want to set precedent on just arresting those with wrong ideas . 
  it 's a wrong term to use on humans but i suspect dehumanizing was the point . 
  the world does n't work that way . 
  they banned porn previously, 
  better solution would be to have signature agreement with the countries these migrants are coming from . 
  merkel was going on your to african states . 
  eu should be using incentives to have their governments taking their citizens back . 
  yet white/indian/middle eastern in africa are considered africans . 
  uk became irrelevant after suez canal debacle, 
  what 's with this use of word ` import ' like it 's products being shipped ? 
  but their treatment in the concentration camps is deplorable . 
  they wo n't even allow journalist to enter, 
  there was no political will to help fund un initiative back when the migrant crisis was first happening . 
  idk about france but in sweden , they form their own identity which sometimes becomes troublesome when rebellious stages comes in effect . 
  you see them hanging the wrong crowds and getting into trouble with the law . 
  growing in low income areas just exacerbates the situation . 
  i 've seen many of my peers fall in the cracks . 
  i meant brown team but it was a bad joke . 
  why would you think it 's sick for people to not have their entire worldview ideology switch if their parents were killed in terrorist attack ? 
  i 'm afraid they are . 
  you have to understand there are those who were not born before it happened, 
  nsfw i do n't want to get caught, 
   yes , i would have the same opinion . 
  unlike you maybe , i do not let family deaths shake up my entire world view or all my political opinions . 
  he is not even the president yet . 
  already bullshit, 
  we do n't give a shit what happens outside the west / s, 
  i get confused when people say children are not westernized . 
  parents are on full-on crisis because the children are forgetting their native language , culture and are not as religious/conservative . 
  rarely do i see kids still fundamental, 
  i do n't consider that as rape but sexual molestation . 
  at least that 's what i thought the term was used . 
  let 's not pat ourselves in the back here . 
  this is a monumental fuckup that could bite us in the ass . 
  everyone has racist tendencies . 
  the difference are those who understand it 's wrong to have those views . 
  then you 're anti muslim or islam coming into your country , not anti refugee . 
  there 's no way humans will have exact same cultures . 
  not even cities have exact same cultures . 
  there is a need for universal culture for globalism to occur . 
  it may not be in our lifetime but it 's going to happen eventually . 
  i do n't see how humans will still be divided nationally in post scarcity, 
  dane is an ethnicity . 
  why would you be anti refugee ? 
  it does n't mean supporting mass immigration, 
  black people got it good . 
  at least you 're not middle eastern looking, 
  take one for the team ? 
  so being color blind ? 
  then you 're a lost cause, 
  people want more from muslims than just following and respecting state law . 
  you have to assimilate and act ` european ', 
  what cognitive dissonance . 
  yeah . 
  if african invaders settled in europe , they 'd be kicked out just like the spanish reconquesta, 
  same ca n't be said about foreign settlers in zimbabwe, 
  for starters , your parents had to be there legally and the government had to approve of it . 
  last time i 've checked , you need more than just being born to be a citizen of poland, 
  that was n't their land to begin with or their country . 
  oh really ? 
  it is . 
  your just evicting the poor class to another area, 
  you said second gen of eastern europeans are more acceptable to liberal views rather than arabs/muslim/middle eastern/africans . 
  where does it prove this ? 
  because there 's no evidence to back up the statement saying that second generation kids from bigoted parents of eastern europeans are more liberal than arabs . 
  it looks like you 're just grasping straws focusing on the ethnicity more so rather than bigots . 
  i 've said previously it does n't make a difference . 
  i 'm not going to tolerate a bigoted eastern european more than a bigoted arab . 
  you thinking there 's a difference is baffling to me . 
  that 's your anecdotal evidence . 
  i have n't experienced that . 
  malmo is a depressing place . 
  no place like home though, 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  same in the uk . 
  i do n't see why it 's not . 
  people literally complaining to be respectful to individuals as being pc and having the audacity to not be allowed to say racist things without reprocausion . 
  `` do n't call me racist or i 'll vote for a racist '', 
  and you 're suffering from cognitive dissonance if you think like that, 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with this statement, 
  to claim she 's an anti-semite is like saying anti immigrants are racist . 
  it 's just an insane accusation, 
  even though there are some nuance to the situation , it 's clear that palestinian live under foreign control with less rights and opportunities . 
  because it would be the same reasons to be against turkey joining eu times 10,
