  a referendum of sort, 
  that 's hilarious coming from minnesota, 
  their reaction is what propelled isis to their current place, 
  what is this free porn ? 
  currently in denmark, 
  you 're okay with middle eastern swedish citizens doing crime rather than middle eastern refugees ? 
  that 's the crux of the problem . 
  refugees are not suppose to be beneficiary but go back once their country is safe . 
  that would be very hard to learn danish in 2 years, 
  there is no excuse that a political demonize human beings . 
  there 's a reason why western civilization is superior to eastern europe, 
  if that happens then it 's more likely there 's worst recession than ever in human history and that there 's apocalypse, 
  seems racists to pick syrian nationals over other refugees based on their nationality or continent of origin, 
  either western culture reign supreme and there 's cultural relativism or we do n't have higher standard than the middle east, 
  for germany it 's damn if you do damn if you do n't . 
  europeans would have their panties in a twist if germany actually had full on military might . 
  please no . 
  who wants to be a dane ? 
  this is a fallacy where if you provide an observation , it means you 're supportive of the opposite . 
  sounds like what a shitty hollywood movie would name their setting, 
  yea, 
  i bet poland learned allot from their american counterparts at black sites how to legally interrogate suspects, 
  would you die to save 100 africans ? 
  see how that premise is dumb, 
  you rather we just sign or death warrant and reserve coffins, 
  if only there was an eu foreign policy that countries can pour their political weight, 
  i 've been asking this question and have n't found the answer . 
  it seems that eu solidarity was a joke . 
  italy has brought forth a good proposal . 
  i would say africa, 
  christian dogma has been promoted in africa and it has affected that continent very heavily . 
  i 'm surprised people are this gullible . 
  they wo n't know what hit them when they become effected, 
  sorry about that . 
  if it 's any consolation , i love mediterranean lifestyle, 
  do you think europeans have one culture ? 
  i agree with your first premise but the second one is deeply wrong presumption . 
  even though there was no south africa nation by name there was still a functioning civilization with the zulus and others, 
  how about just ban muslims and get it over with it . 
  seems to be a mediterranean trait, 
  knives are a weapon of choice for british people . 
  do you know how ridiculous that sounds, 
  i would hope most countries would n't want to segregated and oppress people they have no business doing so . 
  if so , this subreddit would be on favor of american invasion, 
  america was already a multicultural country from its inception . 
  i would be very amused by him and entertained if i was n't eu citizen, 
  finally turkey can into eu, 
  who is more competent than merkel, 
  because of the sheer number of his population . 
  there 's more nuanced way of criticizing than hurr durr dae brown sand ni ** ers . 
  i would n't assume those people would look at bigger picture and see their way as unproductive . 
  liberals were the first ones to criticize islam . 
  it was n't until 9/11 that far right and bigots watered down the discussion and simply made there conversation toxic . 
  nobody wants to be lumped with bigots . 
  honestly i think minorities have way easier time integrating and identifying as american than those in europe, 
  that 's just being unreasonable . 
  muslims see hamas as freedom fighters so it is a complex question . 
  they are terrorist be definition but others see it being justified because of their environmental nature . 
  i do n't think majority of muslims would support isis or all qaeda, 
  uk are not in schengen area, 
  honestly i would say majority of european countries have unfavorable views towards muslims . 
  i really do hope greece shows the world what they 're capable in the modern world . 
  i would n't want refugees to be relocated to hostile place as well where they 're not welcomed . 
  it would n't be good for both parties . 
  there could be a sensible solution that both parties can agree with . 
  i would question giving money to states that do n't respect human rights . 
  most people would n't go to that extreme but there should be consequences for member states to ignore their democratic constitution and rule of law . 
  the far right does n't have anything worthwhile except for limiting/complete immigration from muslims . 
  if you look at their manifestos , it 's nuts, 
  he did it for political reasons and that is definitive for terrorism , inducing violence for political aim, 
  they 're the true aryan, 
  how is the crime rate in copenhagen and malmo obvious by looking at the map, 
  but there was also a humanitarian crisis with muslim and christian faction fighting themselves, 
  i do n't think any sane country would be against him humanitarian intervention except for switzerland . 
  i do n't see how 's it is bad to intervene in humanitarian crisis . 
  we would n't want something like rwanda happening . 
  fuck that 's disturbing to read . 
  ca n't believe he said that yet identifies with enlightenment, 
  bigotry of low expectation, 
  honestly what do you think about iowa other than their farms subsidies, 
  israel is not safer than europe . 
  they have isis at their doorstep and witness terrorist attacks regularly, 
  if that was the case , their neighbors and friends would n't say that their behavior changed . 
  most of the terrorist attacks were committed by europeans of muslim background . 
  honestly would any european pick poland rather than germany to live if they had the choice between the two . 
  not even poles want to live in their country, 
  i do n't see whats there problem if they follow the law . 
  you ca n't expect non german to feel german when that 's impossible, 
  i see similar instance with the new atheists and muslims, 
  maybe that 's the government and business fault for not regulating the work pay . 
  i do n't see how that 's the fault on immigrants, 
  ca n't believe i 'm glad to be black in europe . 
  i judged then from their competence and progressive legislation . 
  funny i can say the same thing as non swede . 
  you 'll always be a foreigner . 
  you ca n't blame them for occupation and apartheid, 
  very arrogant that some leavers equate uk leaving the european union to getting its independence, 
  i meant to say minnesota is the only sane midwestern state in terms of political government . 
  you have illinois in which it has problem with dysfunctional government and corruption then you have indiana that is too religious , and then wisconsin with scott walker privatizing everything and cutting in the budget . 
  iowa is just a farm state that has nothing going on which is the same for south dakota and north dakota .
