  this is one of the foundations of modern germany 's economic success . 
  * very active groovy programming community compared to other parts of the world . 
  also , the founder and some of the employees of gradle are german . 
  * leo-dict is one of the best online dictionaries i 've seen for any non-english language , ever . 
  * they hate debt and inflation in any form , remembering the hyperinflation from after ww1 . 
  * simulator games . 
  oh so very many of them . 
  * kalypso media , deep silver , and a few other video game publishers . 
  also the developers of sacred , patrician , and many others . 
  * they were the most receptive to american football , to the point where `` nfl europe '' became effectively a german league . 
  * realms of arkania * one of the sequels to simon the sorcerer was released in german first and translated later . 
  * lgends of pegasus * in general , when i think of a german video game , i think of a buggy and nearly-unplayable mess that needs a thousand patches . 
  i once worked with french people at a tech company several years ago . 
  the revolutionary spirit is still alive : - kidnapping ceos - massive strikes - health care that puts the usa to shame but the chevalier spirit is also still alive : - romanticism - pride in their language and culture - comporting oneself with nobility , and always sitting and standing in proper posture - when they kidnap ceos , they still let them have wine and bread - charles de gaulle quit nato command - matisse - monet also , a cultural legacy that is not * that * far behind spain : - quebec - louisiana - in the usa there must be at least one thing named `` lafayette '' every 50 miles, 
  `` none of us are individuals ! '', 
  `` i 'm not ! '', 
  maybe you could start the vampiric nocturne party , with a platform of formalizing the status of the 99 % as blood cattle . 
  sadly , this is not obvious to americans, 
  the video game tactics ogre : let us cling together is basically about playing as fantasy medieval bosnians , and having to fight against fantasy medieval serbs, 
  it is well that an ideal world would not allow leverage . 
  it would also be nice if intelligence officials actually used the decision-making process you have described - but obviously , as we can see from all the news , they do not . 
  news , company reports , public satellite imagery , public economic statistics , talking to random people on the street , etc. 
  open source intelligence is a real term . 
  and it 's also something that governments are clearly not using enough of , as they seem to keep on missing bloody obvious things when it comes to foreign affairs . 
  instead , intelligence agencies rely on their twisted and warped interpretations of information that was garbage in the first place . 
  but the more money they had to spend for that information , the more value they mentally attribute to it . 
  open-source intelligence sources can cover all of those things for an open and democratic society . 
  if all important information is kept in the throne room , then the country deserves disrespect at the negotiating table . 
  yes , i do n't remember if the portuguese got anything equivalent . 
  * very competitive in asia , in particular getting a good deal with japan * mijk van dijk , one of * the * 90 's electronic music artists * back in the early hre days there was n't much distinction between the netherlands and the neighboring areas . 
  but they stood out from the rest of europe later on . 
  * distinctive architecture - rows of houses with custom exteriors * frisians have some history with anglo-saxons - and later , william iii became king of england, 
  democracy is the diffusion of decision-making power into the people , and the requirement that the people are educated to at least some of the proficiency that a monarch is supposed to be . 
  the goal is to prevent the existence of bad dictators who ruin their countries , to act more quickly on issues affecting the people , to provide mechanisms by which power can be redistributed from the wealthy to the people , and to ensure that any bad decisions will be ingrained in societal memory rather than being considered aberrations by a monarch that can somehow be considered good decisions at some other time . 
  as democracy pertains specifically to europe - parliamentary systems are a heck of a lot better than what we have in the usa , but they unfortunately still give political parties too much power . 
  they also do not do enough to prevent a political-media complex - thus , the uk is succumbing to america-style rotting . 
  this contagion will then spread from the uk and italy to the rest of europe if left unchecked . 
  * used to be called bohemia * good king wenceslaus ( his goodness being a subject of debate ) * bohemia interactive studios * jan hus * the throwing-a-dude-out-of-a-window of prague ignited a powderkeg * quite the turbulent history ever since , until the fall of the soviet union, 
  probably at least 25 % the same people , along with / r/polandball, 
  i think they have to core the province first . 
  then move their capital to it . 
  `` i can objectively perceive that you are ugly ! '', 
  well there exist universal laws of nature , unfiltered by my own mind , that say that you are stupid ! '', 
  it 's as if the system was purposely trying to sow the seeds of many of the problems today , such as the south ossetia issue . 
  they take firewood very seriously . 
  also , they have a bigger alphabet than the us . 
  if by 80 's you mean 1780 's then yes . 
  it 's about having the most basic of farmer 's rights : owning the seeds grown from your crops , and being able to breed / cross-pollinate your crops however you want . 
  i would support gmo if and only if it was free and open-source like linux . 
  usa - we have done multiculturalism the least badly . 
  mostly with money and the `` american dream '' - but somehow it works . 
  american here - you must make absolutely certain that everyone in the federation has similar values . 
  the usa has a common language , a shared war history with one major exception , a mich longer history of the states being in a federation , etc. , and yet we still have serious issues making the federation work due to the incredible divide between city people and country peole . 
  i mean , we even have people who think that our civil war had nothing to do with slavery . 
  you also have to have some clear cross-state projects planned , projects which people will not regret later . 
  the usa 's grand project was independence from the uk . 
  what would `` europe 's '' grand project be ? 
  the closest things i can think of would be the reformation of either the roman empire or the holy roman empire . 
  somehow , i have the feeling that the european version of `` neglecting our infrastructure '' is different from ours . 
  as in , we push things until they collapse en-masse . 
  and if they only collapse once per year , then the situation is n't serious enough . 
  i did n't vote for any of the evil stuff that the government has done . 
  i have always voted 3rd-party . 
  you should focus your rage on the one-percenters of the world . 
  it seems like they 're already emotionally upset . 
  the thought of upset protesters upsetting them in a sudden upset makes the mourners more upset , too . 
  edit - seriously , though , the article says `` harassment , alarm or distress '' - what constitutes that under uk law ? 
  at what point can the truth be blocked because of `` alarm '' or `` distress '' ? 
  warning : non-scientific opinion i ca n't help but wonder if the proportion of neanderthal dna also affects our tastes in things like video games and movies . 
  perhaps a more-neanderthal person thinks that skyrim is better than dark souls , because they love using heavy tools and weapons while hating fire . 
  whereas a less-neanderthal person thinks the inverse . 
  always some damn thing in the balkans, 
  from the same youtube channel : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50pzrq4jt5e nsfw - turns out that late-medieval crass humor was pretty similar to today 's crass humor . 
  latin was the language of high-education , and still is the language of law in the usa . 
  the parrot is trying to show off how educated he is . 
  english confuses even native english speakers . 
  we just output a large quantity of words and hope the general meaning is somehow preserved . 
  remove the lactose from it and export it directly to my home . 
  i can not get enough of it . 
  does he have a plan , to be executed over a five-year period , to somehow make russia mighty again ? 
  it is not reasonable for the ttip to be negotiated in secret . 
  you should check whether you are typing on an english keyboard or a german keyboard . 
  what 's next ? 
  a purge of the veteran army officers ? 
  a five-year plan to make russia great ? 
  yes !, 
  nope ... second hint incoming, 
  nope ... hint coming, 
  napoleon bonaparte 's 100 days, 
  i never said the usa was a paradise of socialism - only that we have a lot more elements of it than red-voters realize, 
  did you know that * sensible * creditors look at various details of the loan applicant before granting the loan ? 
  edit : more clarification - in the usa we have some low-profit-margin creditors who explicitly prey upon those who can not pay back their full loans . 
  they are called `` payday advance '' or `` cash advance '' shops . 
  they make some profit from extreme interest payments on part of the loan , and sell the debt collection rights for a small fraction of the original loan . 
  the buyers of the debt collection rights will then go after the few 5 % of debtors who have actually regained profitability . 
  we 're giving them federal welfare , social security , medicare and medicaid . 
  the usa has always transferred money from the wealthy states to the poor states ... even when the poor states claim that they do n't need no socialism . 
  the whole grisis has made me realize that the usa is pretty darned socialistic in its own ways , thanks to president fdr . 
  president johnson , biggest johnson, 
  on the other hand - puerto rico has federal welfare , social security , medicare , and medicaid .
