  so the wealthy states of the us have been subsidizing their benefits the whole time . 
  if the same approach was done to greece - then the whole eu would pay eu taxes for equal eu pensions for everyone , including greeks . 
  that 's rather specific how did you decide on that particular sorceress ? 
  1985 stereotypical californian getting food , avoiding pain , and intellectual challenges . 
  luckily for me this is the age of technology . 
   they say `` yes , that 's a great idea '' and mean `` that 's total bullshit '' . 
  how can you work together like that ? 
  we can not work together like that . 
  ever seen the tv shows the sopranos , rome , mad men , game of thrones , etc. ? 
  those are documentaries on how our businessmen , salesmen , and bank managers work . 
  however , the low cost of creating a new corporation allows a few outliers - companies that are run by decent and honest people - people who actually care about product quality - to rise up and carry the rest of the economy . 
  if we suddenly did have greece as a state , by act of god or alien space bats , this is what would happen : * greeks would have to pay taxes , or else the irs would come and start seizing personal assets , as well as put everyone through painful audits . 
  there is even a possibility of the national guard being sent in to maintain order . 
  * unfortunately , the 1 % - ers of greece would continue to be just fine . 
  * greeks would get federal welfare , social security , medicare , and medicaid . 
  obama would declare a state of emergency for greece and send over food rations . 
  * greek government would get a federal controller to hack their budget into shape . 
  the controller would stare at the greek government staff , watching their computer monitors as they type out their budgets . 
  this may be slightly exaggerated but you get the idea . 
  at least they would n't have this business with trading documents back and forth . 
  * debt would be forcibly restructured in bankruptcy court . 
  whether the creditors and greek government like it or not . 
  * greek benefits would be slashed to almost nothing . 
  obama would try to get greek pensions transformed into federal ones , and encounter a lot of resistance from republicans . 
  * greeks would be forced to start hosting an american football team , basketball team , and baseball team . 
  the olympic facilities would get demolished , and private investors would build new stadiums in their place . 
  unfortunately this would probably involve just as much corruption as occurred with the whole olympics business . 
  * greece would gain two senators and some representatives . 
  chances are , they 'd end up being democrats . 
  how their state government parties would shake out , though , would be utter chaos . 
  * republicans would try to awkwardly appeal to greeks by quoting classical romans . 
  * a lot of poor greeks would either join the military , or move to other states . 
  the greek countryside will be totally hollowed-out . 
  in fact , they would probably pick some city of the us to move to , much like how puerto ricans have chosen new york and armenians have chosen glendale california . 
  * gang warfare between the golden dawn and mexican gangsters . 
  the mexicans would win , because of sheer brutality , and the golden dawn would have to either go legitimate or fold . 
  * all cities in the us south that are named after greek ones , like athens georgia , will feel very awkward . 
  although they could join the club of cities we have named springfield , lafayette , newark , and fremont . 
  they did , in fact , engage in the tutsi and hutu business in the 90 's . 
  itt - most people who actually read articles and know the details of the crisis get downvoted . 
  wtf ? 
  whole world and i 'm not against companies selling software , either . 
  foss means that you pay by specific features and fixes , and you get assurances that nothing will change without your knowledge . 
  rather than just hoping that your vendor does n't screw you over . 
  * anything manufactured in germany will be more expensive to foreigners . 
  german-owned factories & sales offices in other countries will not contribute as many dm to their german headquarters as they could contribute low-value euros . 
  * german exports falling will create space in the market that other countries can fill , such as greece . 
  although , chances are that italy & france will be helped a lot more than greece will . 
  german exports falling does not help greece . 
  * germany would have to make sure that the new country does n't have the same problems as the piigs . 
  either a transfer union , or some amount of government control over all ez countries , would be required . 
  it is possible that germany precisely intends to let greece go , then set up the transfer union or the additional control over weaker governments , then go add the other countries to the eu . 
  but that requires a lot of luck and timing . 
  til that there still exist stereotypical drunks who stagger around in public with a bottle in hand . 
  i thought they only existed in cartoons . 
  probably because no police brutality was being practiced ? 
  based on what i 've learned over the past week , it seems that germany has these options : * eliminate the euro currency . 
  the true value of the deutsche mark will be exposed . 
  exports will fall . 
  in order to suppress the true value of the deutsche mark again , germany would have to inflate a lot , which conjures bad memories of the 1920 's . 
  german profit margins will fall . 
  * print money directly towards the piigs . 
  but they already did qe , so they have much less room to inflate before they summon memories of the 1920 's . 
  * transfer money to the piigs - which will be a very hard vote . 
  this basically would mean that german profit margins would be reduced in order to maintain the existence of the euro currency . 
  it does n't sound like german voters would support this . 
  edit : german politicians seem to be attempting a very complex and risky maneuver - let the grexit happen , but then quickly create a transfer union before the other piis can also exit . 
  there are message boards where they literally say that northerners deserve to conquer the southerners . 
  whereas southerners can only maintain control , but can not conquer . 
  emmanuel goldstein is hiding in greece !, 
  california also had and has a ton of revenue from state taxes . 
  the problem we had in the iou era was that far too much of the state budget was dependent on assets that were hit by the subprime crisis . 
  humorously , if all the subprime mortgages were for californian houses only , then we could have just waited out the crisis until the chinese real estate speculators arrived . 
  furthermore - since we are very close to a single-party political system , the governor from that single party can demand any reform he wants to balance the budget . 
  the unions are of the same party , so they have to do as he says . 
  * the usa is a federation which intentionally subsidizes poorer states and territories . 
  we also pay both state taxes and federal taxes . 
  so , when a citizen moves to a different state every year , but they work a similar job , they are always paying the same to the federal system . 
  not sure how much `` european union '' taxes that eu citizens pay - or if that is instead paid from national governments as an eu membership fee . 
  then again , you could also say that being on the euro currency serves as the eu tax . 
  * we allow state governments and territorial governments to go bankrupt . 
  we let credit ratings fall as they will . 
  we do not try to keep them in a zombie state , nor extract payments that they obviously can not make . 
  * politics of welfare benefits - the states that like federal welfare are also the net contributors to the federal budget , whereas the states that hate federal welfare are the ones getting subsidized . 
  * clear superiority of federal government over state government . 
  the last time states tried to secede , it was to maintain slavery . 
  i do not doubt it at all but i am highly disappointed that europe could not escape evil policies that were born in america . 
  watch the house of representatives , rather than the senate . 
  that sounds like europe now has the american-style military-industrial complex , too . 
  obama has no political capital to enact marshall plan 2 , thanks to republican advantage in congress . 
  although he would probably like to . 
  obama simply does n't know how to do things by any method other than slow , easily-corrupted consensus-building . 
  the cia is too busy with other things , much more profitable things , to setup another round of greek military tyrants . 
  even if they did somehow get control of golden dawn , that would probably result in another civil war . 
  american help is not coming , unless a grexit is believed to threaten our own big banks , or the russians can somehow come up with enough cash to bail out greece . 
  do n't forget ... politicians get luxurious jobs as chancellors of university systems , professors , etc. 
  they get massive bonuses . 
  then the universities have to raise tuition to keep funding these famous people . 
  two big examples : condoleeza rice and janet napolitano, 
  thank goodness for that - it seemed to be more dangerous to its pilots than to the enemy,
