their nukes will go on the open market . 
  that is what is most dangerous . 
  this makes me long for the days when women were associated with reading and writing books ... which also were n't necessarily about romance . 
  would it be allowed for quebec or louisiana to host the tour de france ? 
  \\  according to 4chan that 's all i needed to know about how much thoughht went into it , and explains everything about it . 
  knowing whether he is dead or not would alter his position on russia, 
  i am american , and i want the usa to become more metric , so we can stop endangering our astronauts . 
  not sure why this is in / r/europe as that was mainly the bush jr. administration 's fault , i.e. , the usa, 
  not 100 % open source - my company 's software has a core of secret sauce . 
  but we do make sure that our software can be encapsulated purely as a bunch of rpm / deb files , and our customers generally know what they 're doing with respect to system management . 
  devops tools like puppet , chef , ansible , etc. 
  to make sure they have repeatable configurations across thousands of nodes . 
  on business-critical systems , my company * only * supports linux fully , while mac and windows are supported merely as clients to our software . 
  i do live in a different world . 
  i live in a world of corporate gmail and google calendar . 
  i live in a world where redhat and ubuntu server are king , and nobody ever entertains the thought of using windows . 
  i live in a world where windows is the cause of at least 50 % of all my problems due to its nonstandard shell and nonstandard methods of supporting ssh . 
  i live in a world where the vast majority of our customers use amazon aws , digitalocean , linode , or some linux-based docker service . 
  i live in a world where our developers frequently choose to use laptops with ubuntu installed . 
  i live in a world where our customers overwhelmingly demand java with occasional python , so that they can use the latest distributed computing tools . 
  on the desktop , just look at all the big-name games that are hitting linux . 
  where the video games go , everyone else must inevitably follow . 
  and if you want a filesystem that is specifically designed for ssds , which most gamers will , then linux has such a filesystem . 
  and the fcc . 
  and half of the voters . 
  if they see elsass-lothringen that way , then why did they take it in the first place ? 
  usa - not much , but i strongly suspect that obama is doing a lot of secret things without telling us about it . 
  much like his plan to have bin laden killed . 
  most likely , he is telling european leaders what to say , so that it looks like the usa is not in charge . 
  people are trying not to think about it too much . 
  a restart of the cold war would have large impacts on the world economy . 
  however , it is difficult to ignore for russian and ukrainian immigrants here . 
  one of my coworkers from ukraine used to identify as `` russian '' until the crisis got really bad . 
  fun fact : my uncle went to canada rather than sticking around the us like the rest of my extended family , and started a chinese restaurant where he claims he served the likes of gretzky , lemieux , etc. 
  his kids ( my cousins ) have outrageous stereotypical canadian accents , and so do their chinese-canadian wives . 
  there has been suspicion of gazprom since the whole debacle that sank yulia tymoshenko 's career of course this new project will get a lot more interest than it normally would have, 
  why should the swiss break their famous neutrality ? 
  honest question , because that 's like telling the usa to stop watching nfl and start watching actual football . 
  despite being an american who wants russia to be stopped , i think this is not the right way for nato . 
  this is dangerously close to subverting democracy . 
  the people of sweden and finland clearly do not want to deepen involvement in nato . 
  it would be better to make a nordic anti-russian alliance that can not be compelled to fight any other enemy , and which the usa is not a member of . 
  either that , or transfer more power from nato to the eu and work on eu defense readiness . 
  and the pigs were standing up on two legs , just like humans ... 
  this would also be good for google 's products for example , it takes time and effort to make sure that android default apps are well-integrated with google plus . 
  they could save a lot of time by breaking up that association . 
  i do believe that small countries make it easier to do the required upkeep for democracy the ancient athenians knew that you need to get all the citizens to attend debates , legal functions , etc. 
  and thereby get personally-connected with the system . 
  they also made sure that any random citizen could just step onto the stage and talk about issues . 
  in the usa , you 're lucky if you appear in the corner of a photo of the president . 
  it is stupid to destroy everything and kill people but , large groups of people filled with nationalism , who need that sense of national pride and conquest in order to feel that their penises are long , will do exactly that . 
  and they do n't care how that makes anyone else feel . 
  clearing a path to retreat is not that simple . 
  in fact i would bet that the russians secured all routes between west ukraine and south ukraine as one of their first acts . 
  generally , you need to eliminate enemies on a path before you can retreat on that path . 
  their creativity was annihilated by their education , which oftentimes tries to focus on `` job-related skills '' , complete with peole from consulting companies giving talks about why competence is not as important as wearinga suit and tie . 
  although , maybe this was only my university . 
  i was only able to get lucky by ruthlessly exploiting the resources of whatever job i could find , frequently at cross-purposes with the actual needs of the company , finally ending up in my current position . 
  it took a lot of disrespect of my elders , disrespect for people who wear suits and ties , and outright hostility to traditional business in order to get where i am . 
  edit : also , i suspect that many of the people who shout , `` just get a job ! '', 
  are flat-out lying . 
  these are the same people who will say , `` there is a great shortage of workers for x '' and `` there are not enough workers with job-relevant skills for x '' and `` the educational system is deficient for x '' while simultaneously wanting to import millions of workers for x from other countries . 
  they also proactively undermine the education and training for x. 
  why did slobodan milosevic do this ? 
  edit : specifically , i am referring to the 1993 photos . 
  why did slobodan milosevic order that to happen ? 
  it 's not populism . 
  it 's more like an appeal to cheap methods of feeling prideful and strong . 
  they use tactics such as : * trying to bring other people down to their level by telling them that they are just as evil as everyone else . 
  for example , just the other day i saw a reddit comment that said something like , `` well i 'm sure that your country is just as messed up !, 
  there must be * something * wrong with you , surely , so that you can not tell me what is wrong with me ! '', 
  * using tons of * tu quoque * rather than actually explaining what is good about their own positions * celebrating the act of hurting other people * always pointing out flaws in their enemies without being consistent about the standards and morals that specify such flaws * constantly making people think that there is an enemy around every corner , but that they have somehow gained victories against these enemies through actions such as preventing the budget from being passed * appealing to concepts like `` hard work '' and `` earning happiness '' without acknowledging the life stories of those who have actually worked hard , or ever thinking about what amount of work is actually healthy for humans * justifying bullying and other such activities by saying that it makes people stronger and culls the weak , or that rape is justified if the woman does n't try to do any violence against the man . 
  they have great difficulty penetrating groups of people who do n't want to feel so prideful , or who derive their sense of inner strength from more positive activities . 
  til that de gaulle 's government is apparently considered to have no continuity with the 4th republic . 
  unified continent will prevent the island from being special , says top uk nobility, 
  try `` antipathic '' , `` malignant '' , `` perfidious '' , and `` obliquitous '', 
  - really good at math and programming . 
  if i see a video game that is very bleak and depressing but has an awesome engine and other technical features , i assume that it 's russian . 
  if i see that someone hacked skyrim to be a multiplayer game , i assume a russian did it . 
  if someone cracks notoriously-difficult drm , i assume a russian did it . 
  also , lots of russians in the tech industry , even in san francisco . 
  - more similar to americans than they would like to admit . 
  - their military is * not * based on human wave tactics , and the `` not-one-step-backwards '' units were always penal units while the rest of the military used actual tactics and equipment . 
  - catherine the great - one of the first cougars in recorded history , and pretty intelligent too - fanfics ... but not just any ordinary fanfics , oh no , russian fanfics are big books with a lot of good attention to detail , and oftentimes pulling in all kinds of other historical stuff . 
  so much of the population died in that war , those who were left would have a higher probability of being utilitarian and direct . 
  although , this is only a stereotype in the end . 
  * modern germany is an artificial creation of bismarck , using prussia as the core and including as many of the other post-hre states as possible . 
  * the hre was involved in many land wars in europe . 
  * the printing press , reformation , and 30 years war . 
  * the direct-ness of some parts of german culture was made by the 30 years war . 
  you can really feel it in books like simplicius simplicissimus . 
  * bismarck had germany in a good diplomatic situation , making sure that it would never go to war with more than one country at a time . 
  but when he was no longer followed , everything went to hell and ww1 happened . 
  * adolf hitler knew that there was n't much of a history of modern germany to unite people around , so instead , he used the nazi party and its symbols as a new thing that people could support that represented strength , and used hatred of minorities ( especially the jews ) as a rallying force . 
  i see very similar things happening in some segments of the american population - appealing to an `` america '' that never actually existed , being unified in hatred of things that are perceived as corrupting and weak , always wantng to appear strong to other people even of it means being hated . 
  * after ww2 , west germany had a big rebound as the prime european industrial power . 
  it was able to develop an identity that had little continuity with the previous reichs - causing a shift to bavarian stereotypes rather than prussian ones . 
  east germany , on the other hand , ended up very differently . 
  * the old video game darklands is based heavily on medieval germany . 
  * all quiet on the western front * simplicius simplicissimus and what i know about germany today : * company unions that always try to preserve jobs and retain them within the country , while at the same time , adopting new technology when needed .
