as a german , i never felt that there 's a tip rate that 's broken down to a certain number . 
  if you feel like tipping , feel free to do so . 
  if you do n't , then do n't . 
  i can promise you , many people in germany will appreciate the gesture . 
  despite certain claims in this discussion , not every waiter gets a decent wage . 
  many waiters only work part-time and are mainly students for example , who get paid on a per hour basis . 
  they wo n't expect anything , but they 'll appreciate any gesture you deem fit . 
  it 's also common to simply round up . 
  taxi costs 9.70 $ ? 
  make it 10 if you want to . 
  any serious employee will know that you 're first and foremost paying for what you ordered . 
  anything on top is a bonus you alone decide on . 
  yeah , like chemical weapons at the battle of kerch . 
  but sure , we all live in a happy world , were the threat of mutual destruction is enough to prevent it from ever happening , even if total defeat is imminent . 
  let 's not forget that the us and the sovietunion were willing to start a nuclear war , just because of the nuclear deployment in cuba . 
  nuclear weapons are worth nothing if no one 's willing to use them if worst comes to worst , the cold war would have been gone hot multiple times by now in such a case . 
  no , the threat of nuclear weapons is so significant because both sides know that they will be used if a certain line will be crossed . 
  hitler himself was a victim of chemical weapons in ww1 , so chemical weapons were n't used often . 
  another reason was that the german army relied on horses carrying supplies , use of gas would have put them at risk . 
  g\u00f6ring himself said so when he was asked during an interrogation why no gas was used during the invasion in the normandy . 
  but nazi germany did use chemical weapons , including phosgene-filled grenades during the battle of kerch . 
  the last solution will always be used , even if it 's the last one . 
  what happens if russia attacks a nato member ? 
  nato will fight back . 
  either russia loses ground , or nato does . 
  and whoever loses ground will make use of said weapons . 
  so germany can either spend money for weapons who do n't do jack shit when russia and nato fight to the death , or germany can use the money for better purposes while we are at peace . 
  if either russia or nato faces defeat , nuclear weapons will be used . 
  this knowledge prevents war in the first place , not some stupid anti-tank ammunition . 
  why should the german army be in the position to fight russian tanks ? 
  the moment russia and the nato would start a war , we would burn in a nuclear holocaust , and i 'm pretty sure no anti-tank ammunition could prevent it . 
  auto upvote for hearts of iron . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  [ some of us also like the remake with cologne/k \u00f6lsch flavor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbutfphtjye ), 
  indeed , and the term was used in the german dub as well . 
  the term stalag is known in germany as well , it 's just a contraction of `` stammlager '' . 
  i do n't know why bob did n't know the term , it 's common knowledge . 
   tell me exactly how the right is `` exploiting '' terrorist attacks . 
  using every single opportunity to push the own agenda even on the back of victims for example . 
   because from what i see attention needs to be brought to these . 
  the left has absolutely been obstructing any kind of attempts at countering this stuff and they deserve to be hit over the head with it until they learn . 
  if this is the only thing you see , you need your eyes examined . 
  left politicians are fully aware that any solution represents different problems . 
  example from germany : sahra wagenknecht , who happens to share certain views on immigration with the afd , the far right , despite being parliamentary leader of die linke . 
  and she certainly is n't the only one and that 's germany alone . 
  do you really repeat the same bullshit over and over ? 
  do you really believe , that every single person in europe , who has left-leaning views , believes that nothing 's going on ? 
  then you 're even more narrow-minded than i already thought . 
   i can genuinely say i did n't expect you to take `` i guess '' literally . 
  but please tell me what your position is then if it is n't to bring attention/do something about these attacks . 
  because the only other option is ignorance . 
  i 'm always amazed how some people see only the two extremes of two sides to appear to be `` options '' . 
  daesh will continue to attack the west . 
  no matter what . 
  they did it , they do it now , they will do it . 
  nothing 's gon na change it . 
  we can increase security , we can try to remain as vigilant as possible , but we will never have 100 % certainty . 
  the question is : how much of our freedom , our rights and our kindness are we willing to give up ? 
  personally , i refuse to deny hundreds of thousands refugees help , just because they are n't german/european/non-muslim . 
  they are as much victims as any other daesh victim . 
  am i really supposed to be a `` blind and ignorant leftist '' , just because i acknowledge their suffering as much as i acknowledge the suffering of european victims ? 
  sure , we might increase security in our countries . 
  the consequence would be , that thousands of non-europeans would die . 
  is this really what we should want ? 
  how can i be called ignorant , if the alternative woulde be to push for blind eyes and letting them die because we turned them away ? 
  i have seen and spoken with hundreds of syrian refugees . 
  people , including children , who lost parents , kids , other relatives , friends and own body parts . 
  and that 's just the very short version . 
  we can keep pretending that this is n't our problem , we can keep pretending , that european lives matter more than arab ( muslim ) lives . 
  but if our humanity is the price to pay for our supposed security , then we have to question ourselves , if it was worth it . 
   so your solution is `` let them keep attacking as long as we do n't look islamophobic . '', 
  you probably have thought that this is my solution , because you wanted to believe that this is my solution . 
  that 's not news , right-wingers always try that shit . 
   ignorance has been shown time and time again throughout history to only make the issue worse . 
  indeed , and we certainly have ignored the problems in the middle east for far too long . 
  and pretending that this is n't our problem and closing our borders for refugees and muslims in general would be the solution is the ultimate ignorance . 
   and this position that `` acting against islamic terrorism will only make more terrorists and therefore isis will win '' is an incredibly bad argument . 
  please show me where i ever said `` acting against islamic terrorism will only make more terrorists and therefore isis will win '' . 
  as usual with right-wingers , you spill lies to accuse the left of anything . 
  i never said that we must n't take action against terrorism . 
  we do indeed have to take action . 
  the true question is , what exactly should we do ? 
  i 'm open for anything as long as basic human rights are honored and people from one continent ( and/or faith ) are n't treated differently than people from another continent ( and/or faith ) . 
  so if you suggest that we just throw out every muslim and refugee , than we certainly wo n't come to any agreement . 
  ( much ) stronger background checks ? 
  instruction ( laws ) to learn the local language ? 
  strict actions against criminals ? 
  i 'm all in . 
  i 'm all for `` same rules for everyone '' , especially as someone from the center-left . 
  and please , do n't pretend anymore that i 'm the only one . 
  this is not the case . 
  one goal of daesh is that they want western countries to shut their borders for refugees , so they can get their hands on them . 
  either to radicalize them or to kill them if they do n't follow them . 
  this is what i mean . 
  if we throw out every muslim , every refugee , then daesh got what they wanted from us , we would be playing right into their hands , even helping them to recruit more people to their cause . 
  the very fact , that this would also undoubtedly lead to the deaths of thousands of more people , is reason enough for me to continue to offer help to those people in need , whether they are muslim , christian , german , syrian or whatever . 
   if a muslim decides to attack civilians of another country becuase said country is restricting immigration , that muslim was already far too radical to be compatible with western culture . 
  i did n't imply that a country would be attacked because of restricted immigration , but a : because of the consequences that would arose from such a decision and b : that daesh is already at war with us , just because of our way of life . 
   are you implying that trying to get leftists to stop shoving these under a rug is a bad thing ? 
  what i imply is the wretchedness of the right 's exploitation of other people 's suffering , while also repeating the same bullshit about the `` leftists '' all over again .
