  they party is over , now there 's only hangover left . 
  it 's a schoolbook lesson what happens if 1 . communists get to the power 2 . running costs are covered with borrowed money , instead investing it for the better future, 
  yes , estonia should now be roughly on par with portugal when it comes to gdp per capita : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  neither does adding more money to the burning flame . 
  there must be a moment where these people ( the government of greece ) realises what they 've done . 
  hopefully this moment is then followed by the next - taking responsibility , admitting the problem . 
  after that steps can be taken to start resolving the problem . 
   but now i do n't see any point in continuing the same way until the avg pension is 300 $ and the avg wage 500 $ . 
  welcome to estonia !, 
  anyway , we understand that this is our ability and our limit now . 
  we work very hard to raise those limits but we understand that with borrowed money the limits can be raised for a very short time only . 
  and after that ... 
  your economy was improving until you elected those communists . 
   it makes no sense to just leave after 5 months of negotiations and anounce a referendum if there is it makes no sense to negotiate for 5 months if you should pay back the money that you owe or not ... greece enjoyed a remarkable welfare ( very high pensions , a lot of people eligible for pension , very low age of retirement , 13th-14th `` salaries '' , various bonuses for like `` washing hands at work '' and whatever stupidities ever ) but not on your own money you earned but rather on borrowed money . 
  do you get it ? 
  borrowed money is not your money . 
  it 's someone else 's money . 
  in your case it 's now eu taxpayers money thru the bailout funds ( efsf , esm ) . 
  now it 's time to pay it back . 
  your elected politicians decided that they ca n't get/stay in power if they should implement serious reforms to get the economy anywhere near fixed because obviously that would require a huge cut in living standard . 
  then they decided to stretch out the negotiations as long as they could until ... until now when the rubber band just broke . 
  ok , it 's not totally broken yet but very-very stretched and very-very close to breaking . 
  by our logic here in the nordics one 's living standard can be as good as much one earns and has own money . 
  obviously it 's not the case in the southern states . 
  yes , we are worse than bolsheviks and narva belongs to estonia . 
  look at the map , it also makes much sense geographically . 
  period . 
  seems like this greek minister does n't have balls to make decisions himself . 
  decisions that are badly needed to pull his own country and nation out of the shithole . 
  he 's trying to let merkel and others to make decisions because only then he can blame them - `` you see , what did i tell you !, 
  the germans are bad and they put us in this shitty situation '' #lame #manwithnoballs, 
  yeah , you beat me again . 
  i 'm out of arguments . 
   see , so we agree that it 's quite possible to underborrow and underspend too . 
  no , what i said is that it 's quite possible to improve a country 's living standard without using a lot of foreign money but your own hard work . 
  i 've never understood that `` the western banks forced greek to take these loans '' . 
  wtf ?!, 
  how can some foreign banks force an sovereign country to take some loans if it does n't want to ?!, 
  let me answer this for you - because of lying , greedy politicians who promise everything in order to get elected again and electorate that does n't vote responsibly but just want to live in this dream of better life with foreign money . 
  my points of view on greece are confirmed by the fact that greece has went thru the defaults how many times ? 
  i do n't know many other countries in the eu that have done this . 
  wow !, 
  til we have surpassed greece with gdp per capita  thanks for information !, 
  you know , we were occupied for 50 years by the ussr and we started literally from zero in 1990 in terms of western capitalism . 
  for 25 years we have developed quite well but things do n't happen that fast . 
  unfortunately . 
  of course our `` poverty '' is relative . 
  as your `` richness '' . 
  we are poorer than you because our gdp per capita is lower than yours . 
  about living expenses in greece - how much it cost to live there ? 
  1 ) what 's the rent of 100 m2 apartment in central athens ? 
  2 ) what 's the energy cost per month during most cold/warm months ? 
  3 ) what does the food cost ? 
  1 kg of pork ? 
  1 l of milk ? 
  1 kg of butter ? 
  eggs ? 
  any locals here ? 
  please respond with facts, 
  yes , we do have fairly low unemployment rate . 
  that 's because most people here understand that only hard work , not borrowed money , can make one wealthy . 
  plus we also have quite well structured economy , but there 's room for improvement of course . 
  yes , we are part of eurozone and esm with guarantees . 
  i think the cause and effect are a bit mixed in your understanding of economy . 
  it should not be the cost of living that drives the economy but it 's vice versa . 
  the cost of living can be anything , basically it 's a sum of all price tags and prices can be as high as people ever agree to pay . 
  however the actual amount of money in an economy is somewhat limited by some realities like economy 's ability to produce and export . 
  in greece 's case it 's also tourism . 
  as far as i understand the fundamental problems of greek 's economy start with the nature of greek people - the taxes are something that should not be paid or should be paid by someone else . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  it seems that greek people in general ( it 's my view from the distance ) have a very one-sided understanding of the economy and the role of the state . 
  in bigger picture and in reality all these things ( taxes , pensions , state 's ability to spend , austerity etc etc ) are interconnected . 
   oh , now i know why estonia is so poor : they 're just lazy . 
  and dumb all over . 
  and a little ugly on the side . 
  yes , that is something i can confirm . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that ussr fucked over our economy for 50 + years and we are not too keen on building our economy with other 's money  however - while being more serious - the latter point is a little bit worrying because our loans are too small . 
  our government could easily spend a lot more on big infrastructure projects while still being very responsible with the costs . 
  have you ever thought what makes the cost of living higher in greece ? 
  i bet it 's the cheap loan money that is pushed to this market , not your extraordinary economy that must import everything . 
  it 's your choice to not produce enough food or oil for your own nation , isn ' it ? 
  we do produce enough food . 
  unfortunately ( or fortunately !? ), 
  we are not very rich when it comes to natural resources except a lot of forest and clean water . 
  we do n't have oil to export etc. 
  we also do n't have anywhere near as much sunlight as you do . 
  but still your farmer sit on their fingers and do n't produce enough food , right ? 
  austerity , not dissipation is and should be a normal way of living because it 's sustainable when it comes to handling natural ( scarce ) resources , also human resources . 
  in other words - it 's sparing vs wasting . 
  in greece 's case it 's not just wasting own resources but wasting others ' resources and then starting screaming like a child when these resources are cut off . 
  no , i 'm just an ordinary taxpayer from a very small country ( poorer than greece ) that is unwillingly involved in burning our money in that hole of thieves and politicians with unforeseen attitude when it comes to paying back the debt . 
  i 'm not stopping that `` pension broken tape '' and you know why ? 
  because us , estonians , have to pay to keep your unrealistic living standard . 
  are you aware that our average wage is less than your minimum wage ? 
  a wage can be based on something realistic - i.e the amount of money that is produced by a country 's economy . 
  it can not be based on something unrealistic like the false promises of your syriza or whatever other politicians / parties you have there . 
  first you must start acting responsibly at elections , make your own economy sustainable and pay your debt . 
  after that you can start raising pensions or start paying 13th or 14th salary ( wtf is that anyway , for what ?!?! ), 
  creditors : tsipras and people of greece - get real with your expected cost level and comfort . 
  you have been living on an unsustainable level for a long time .
