estonian here . 
  i always tip when i feel good because of good food or good service . 
  you 're welcome : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdo2a5qrzi0 `` amanita '' by herald in estonian language . 
  she was my german teacher at highschool 20 yrs ago . 
  she was a good teacher and this news makes me really sad . 
  i met her accidentally this summer at song and dance festival in tallinn and had a chat with her . 
  paekivi , paas on ingl . 
  what would happen if an 8 yo would see a topless woman ( or man ) ? 
  has n't this kid seen his/her mother or what ? 
  that is really ridiculous example of extreme hypocrisy and political correctness . 
  could you elaborate what do you mean ? 
  all the benefits of it are digital . 
  it means that you would get access to all e-services of estonia ( and of eu later ) . 
  smth like creating a bank account in estonia or establishing a new business entity in estonia etc. . . all this without a need to leave your computer , 
  still can not open the pdf ? 
  direct , working link to it : http://e-estonia.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/become-estonias-e-resident-leaflet_sept2014.pdf, 
  that brown liquid that they call `` coffee '' in finland is disgusting . 
  it 's provided everywhere . 
  in companies ( mostly for free ) , in lunch buffets , in most cafeterias . 
  if you use a lot of beans just to waste them in that dripping coffee maker then ... 
  it 's just a waste . 
  quantity does not make quality . 
  the same applies for sweden . 
  putin buttplugs russia . 
  i wonder why you - citizens of russia - still let this kgb officer to ruin your country ? 
  i know there is no logic in there . 
  it goes exactly like in `` the pecularities of russian ... '' #sad, 
  why is this news ? 
  they 're doing it all the time . 
  what about rights of ** all ** those small nations that russia is occupying / has annexed ? 
  how can ukraine agree a truce with a country that has denied being at war with ukraine ? 
  you have basically one option - learn . 
  learn as hard as you can . 
  however til mernaja is from crimea . 
  ukrainian vodka is the best . 
  sold widely here in estonia, 
  ok ukrainian , but still shitty :-), 
  +1 this is bullshit statistics . 
  i just checked - in 2013 the most sold car was honda crv . 
  currently it 's \u0160koda and toyota as / u/toreon mentioned . 
  shitty russian/zoviet cars . 
  older models without water cooling , i think their first model was a ripoff ( or licensed ? ), 
  of old fiat 500 . 
  my point is - applying `` white man 's '' , `` thinking man 's '' or `` homo sapiens ' '' logic to the actions and reasoning of `` homo kbg '' or `` homo sovieticus '' is just wrong , misleading and dangerous . 
  russian elite has very different goals and methods to achieve these than civilized people would imagine . 
  would you apply human 's logic to lions while on safari ? 
  i hope not . 
  you know - there is a sequel of russian movies called smth like `` peculiarities of the national fishing '' , hunting , politics etc. 
  watch these . 
  i 'm sure these will be funny . 
  however now turn off your humor - this is the truth . 
  russians are exactly that crazy ans even crazier . 
  now imagine that crazy officers with access to red buttons . 
  seems fair only if a country 's legitimate government has invited them . 
  it 's occupation otherwise . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  these are not soviets , these are local separatists who bought their tanks from the flea market . 
  the sane flea market on one of pictures . 
  russians never do such bad things as invasion and occupation . 
  it 's not funny because you have n't been occupied by soviets . 
  you do n't have loads and loads of citizens or non-citizens in your country who are most likely loyal to publicly unfriendly neighbour country rather than the country of their citizenship . 
  these people will be used as an excuse to invade if needed . 
  russia needs to `` protect their lives '' or whatever from `` the bad fascist '' ( us , natives ) or nato even though the quality of life on our side of the border is much better than on the other side of the border . 
  any excuse is good for russia . 
  however - nowadays they are even that cynical and careless that they do n't need many excuses any more as we can see in ukraine . 
  just lie openly , publicly , lie big and that 's it . 
  normal people just can not argue with liars on that scale . 
  that 's sad . 
  and so on and on . 
  you do n't understand the situation because you have n't felt it on your own skin . 
  we have . 
  that 's the biggest underestimation that the westeners do - they underestimate russians ' craziness and ability to act crazy . 
  western people care about at least their own lives while russians do not . 
  for me ( i 'm from estonia and i kind of know russians ) it 's completely logical and possible that russians may fire nukes just because they can . 
  you need to understand - human life is not of highest value for them the same way it is valued in the west . 
  white house said today that there will be no * permanent * nato bases in the baltics . 
  however it did n't mention temporary bases afaik . 
  temporary like for 50 years ... , 
  would putin 's selfie in kiev 's maidan square be sufficient ? 
  could you please explain me what problem i am for the big neighbour russia whose leader has publicly said that the biggest geopolitical tragedy was collapse of his empire - ussr ? 
  i 'm from estonia . 
  i really want to know how i - as a taxpayer - cause any problems to mr putin and russian nation while i 'm trying hard to live in peace here in my fathers ' land . 
  just to make it clear - estonia has not threatened russia in any way . 
  estonia has not occupied russia . 
  estonia has not deported russian citizens to very far places with very harsh climate . 
  estonia has not killed nearly all of its elite . 
  russia/ussr has . 
  done . 
  all . 
  and i would n't like to give a single fuck about putin 's intentions , interests or whatever but i 'm forced to do because of this amok-running czar . 
  i just want to live in peace here in the territory that belongs to estonian republic and its citizens . 
  we have exactly the same proverb in estonian : `` sobib nagu rusikas silmaauku ''  another good one is `` sobib nagu sea selga sadul '' . 
  smth like `` fits like a saddle on a pig ''  but anyway , this topic is not about proverbs but kind of `` very one language specific terms that describe something that 's and it does not have its counterpart in english '' . 
  maarahvas is used in a bit different context to call these people who live in the countryside ( outside towns and cities ) . 
  maausk is widely popular i guess but it 's very informal . 
  i mean i do n't believe in any bullshit from eastern countries ( any * ism ) but i do believe that every living thing ( a bee , a tree , a whatever in the forest so to say ) must be handled with respect . 
  forest , nature must be handled with respect and with least violence possible . 
  there are a few people who take maausk more seriously , as a religion . 
  it 's not totally banned . 
  they sold beer there yesterday .
