  my supervisor , who was the leading expert on european ( particularly central ) cultural history told me that this was a mistake , that he was a german speaking jew of prague , in a league of his own ( sort of ) and that the most accurate description would be `` the prague author '' . 
  ah , early 20th century europe ... 
  i agree that it is a disgrace that the list has n't been investigated in depth . 
  there is no doubt about it . 
  but the few days after its publication i kept seeing phrases such as `` the criminals in the list '' and `` hang them all '' everywhere ; not only in harmless facebook comments , but also in articles in the mainstream media . 
  you have to admit that this is more dangerous than anything else . 
  proper justice needs to be served if we are to be called a civilized nation . 
  it 's not the only thing that can `` save '' us , but it is among those things . 
  i still have doubts whether the publication of the list might have been a bad move or not . 
  but , in principle , i find it wrong . 
  if things turn out that the publication helped eradicate corruption i will gladly welcome the results and lament the loss of innocents in the process . 
  but again , in principle , i am against it . 
  while a lot of what he says is true ( at least we all think so , nothing has been proven yet , but it 's a `` if it walks like a duck ... '' situation ) , this guy has a persecution complex and a hero complex combined . 
  in an article called `` greece 's rotten oligarchy '' he keeps talking about himself and his persecution for something that is , in my opinion , dubious . 
  he published a list with names that have n't been accused ( let alone convicted ) of anything , thus starting a witch hunt . 
  i am all for the punishment of those who actually had illegitimate funds sent to swiss bank accounts , but that list belonged to a prosecutor , not to the public . 
  presumption of innocence and all . 
  i would n't even go as far as publishing only the names of the guilty . 
  i would like it if the names of those that end up on trial were published . 
  and yet this guy outright publishes a list and everyone afterwards starts calling those on the list `` criminals '' . 
  sure some definitely are . 
  quite likely that all of them are . 
  but that 's a downward spiral that has led to the horrors that golden dawn does and wants to do . 
  oh , and this guy was doing his thing for many years while on government payroll . 
  after he made his name as a journalist in a private network , he was hired by the government network . 
  and since we 're on a witch hunt , let me just say that a lot of the scandals with jobs being freely given to `` supporters '' can be traced to government media ... no , no , i am not suggesting anything ... tl ; dr : this guy probably speaks the truth , but i would be wary ... edit : spelling, 
  i was gon na say `` stay the fuck away from greek tv '' , but at least `` the island '' had good production values . 
  not to my liking , but , hey , at least they put an actual effort ( as opposed to every other half-assed show here - especially during the past decade ) . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i was going to ask the same thing . 
  i have a friend from seattle and he said that during the non-summer months there is constant rain . 
  but then he says that the summer is all sun and nothing else . 
  so maybe it evens out ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i know for a fact that i live in athens and we are guaranteed at least 2 sunny days each week in the winter ( and when there are clouds , it 's quite possible that we wo n't get any rain ) and 2 rainy days the whole summer . 
  it really does n't rain all that much . 
  sun . 
  i wish i 'd traveled to scandinavia , but , sadly , i have n't and i do n't see it happening in the foreseeable future . 
  that 's why i wrote that scandinavia is the place to be , though i ca n't speak from personal experience . 
  my ignorance was swept under the rug by a sweeping sentence . 
  if you want a `` chilled out '' place go to the south , though this is hardly recommended with all their ( our ... ) financial woes . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but the smaller countries ( greece , portugal ) have a decent english understanding population ... i know that when i was in italy , though , the only people who spoke english were the airport employees . 
  german people are fun , to be honest . 
  when i traveled there i saw efficiency but in no way was it stifling . 
  they know how to organize a fest . 
  it 's been a while since i was in france , but it 's close to your country , so it might work . 
  culturally , though , you are very very different . 
  i ca n't speak from personal experience , but i guess scandinavia is the place to be right now . 
  last , but not least . 
  you 're english : have you considered my personal favorite , scotland ? 
  it 's more laid back than england , less populated and with two magnificent cities . 
  i know , it 's not considered `` abroad '' or `` continental '' , but it 's quite different from england . 
  i like both england and scotland , but the latter played a much larger part in my life . 
  since you 're getting a camper van , i 'd suggest traveling around . 
  see what you like and decide ( that is , if you can afford not having a steady income for about 6 months ) . 
  try austria and switzerland , perhaps the czech republic , benelux ... so many options ... ps : poland sounds nice , but when i was there i saw too much poverty still . 
  it 's on the rise , for sure , but i do n't know if you can get a job there and be happy yet . 
  any polish people care to comment on that ? 
  i was there only for a few days and for a conference , so i did n't get much of the culture ( but the girls were the most beautiful i 've ever seen . 
  i think the `` as long as you do n't sleep outside '' is a keyword here . 
  i am just guessing but i believe most people who died were either homeless or poor people who could n't afford to heat their homes . 
  drob sounds more like haggis ( as the page says ) , which is also awesome . 
  [ this is kokoretsi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kokoretsi ) . 
  we eat kokoretsi , which is basically lamb entrails on the spit . 
  you take the liver , the lungs and the heart ( and pieces of fat ) , you cut them in small pieces ( not too small , though ) , you put them on the spit and then you wrap the small intestine around all these things . 
  it 's delicious , if cooked properly . 
  deep fried mars bar , deep fried pizza slice and deep fried burger . 
  three things totally available while i was studying in edinburgh ; three things i totally did n't try . 
  haggis is awesome , though ... the right amount of spice and flavor !, 
  the best explanation i 've heard is `` practice '' . 
  it 's easier to practice your skills against the `` enemy '' rather than your colleague whom you know really well ... but that might as well just be an excuse . 
  1453 never forget . 
  and baklava is ... well , it 's probably turkish , you 're right , just listen to its name ; no way this word has greek origins . 
  but ours is so much better ( probably ... or not ) . 
  i know ... it always felt kind of weird when i was learning french . 
  but at least french makes much more sense than english in almost every other regard ... except for pass\u00e9 compos\u00e9 . 
  you had a proper past simple and you ruined it !, 
  true ... we call them fried potatoes ... 
  and those are nominal speeds . 
  i used to live 50m from the dslam and still my speed was 16 mbps down . 
  now that i live a bit farther away , i ca n't get more than 13 ( on two different companies ) . 
  at least 1 up is always 1 up ... 
  \u0395\u03bb\u03b2\u03b5\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 and \u03a3\u03bf\u03c5\u03b7\u03b4\u03af\u03b1 in greek ( helvetia and swidia ) . 
  no mix-ups , ever !, 
  just do n't ask us about capitals ... ... 
  source : https://twitter.com/eu_eurostat/status/669471053991800834, 
  so , why did he wait so long to say this ? 
  or how about rescuing pretty much all the ancient greek science manuscripts . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  but this is a lighthearted thread and `` riot of greeks '' was hilarious . 
  that 's why i said that our dutch friend should relax , since this thread is playing with stereotypes . 
  besides , i am pro-protest , but anti-riot ... 
  roger mexico ? 
  ps : if one person understands that reference , i 'll be a happy person !, 
  relax , i try to defend my country as much as possible ( emphasis on `` as much as possible '' ) but i still found `` a riot of greeks '' hilarious , even though i live in athens and i do n't know anyone who has taken part in riots ( well , i do know one person ... but he 's not a a regular there ) . 
  edit : spelling, 
  it 's a global economy . 
  they will leave to find cheaper countries to work in , where the workers cost less and the taxes cost even less . 
  the actual transporting of goods part will always be business as usual . 
  the problem will be where their base of operations is situated .
