your football tradition is better than ours after all ... sarcastic comments aside , september '04 i moved to edinburgh to study . 
  and lo and behold , my flatmate was portuguese . 
  i mean ... i could n't help it . 
  one of our first conversations was like that : me : `` so , about the euro ... '' him : `` we really should n't talk about that ... '' but , anyway , i bought him pizza that same night and we got along fine . 
  edit : dates, 
  i might be biased because we 're on different parts of the political spectrum , but avramopoulos is seen by many here as a flashy politician with charisma but little substance . 
  \u0399 trust that he 'll do whatever he is told to do , but show little initiative . 
  he wo n't destroy anything , but i ca n't see him being a force for progress , especially where he was placed . 
  wait , we have roller coasters ? 
  where ? 
  i traveled from warsaw to lublin ( and back , a few days later ) and yes the train was old and there was great `` turbulence '' , but it was clean , it ran often enough ( i missed one because of flight delays , took the next one one hour later ) and it was on time . 
  now the taxi driver that took us from the airport to the train station was a whole other story . 
  he asked 80 zloty ( i think ) for the ride and i tried to bargain with him , but he would n't budge . 
  i guess he was one of the scammy taxi drivers the conference organizers had warned us against ( unmarked car , he just came to us in the airport ) . 
  well , there were four of us , so i guess we did n't get ripped off that much . 
  on a side note , i loved lublin . 
  good , cheap food , beautiful place , the weather was surprisingly nice ( it was a surprise for the locals as well ) and the most beautiful women i 've ever seen in my life in one place . 
  quote from a friend : `` we ca n't look creepy if we ask the most beautiful girl for directions . 
  they 're all gorgeous '' . 
  just wear a jacket ... if you can find it among all the winter clothes stashed somewhere ... 
  it 's been a surprisingly cool summer in greece too ... we have n't had a single day over 34 degrees ... 
  be warned that since they used to be a financial newspaper , their coverage on these issues tends to be somewhat pro-market and so on . 
  this is neither good nor bad , it just is . 
  but their other coverage seems pretty neutral ( borderline boring sometimes ) . 
  i do n't follow them that closely , so please let me know . 
  well , there 's only one way to find out ... start reading them more in depth . 
  i just follow them on twitter to be honest and when they have something of interest i click through . 
  you 're right . 
  you can only trust various sources and then your own judgment . 
  having said that , i have a couple of friends who work at naftermporiki.gr and tell me that they never had to censor themselves ( one of them is a former kne , ie member of the communist party ) or accept any kind of guidelines . 
  i am sure there is still some bias , but i somewhat trust naftemporiki ever since then ... somewhat . 
  the greek one is missing a letter . 
  as it is written , it means the scar of greeks ... 
  forget what i said , it 's absolutely correct ... 
  darn it ... i 'm greek catholic ... let me add a few things . 
  1 ) if something starts , you can definitely say `` good < something  '' and it will work as a wish . 
  good day , good evening , good week , good month , good year , good school year , good summer , good work ( as in the one you 're about to do ) ; they all work . 
  2 ) vacations only count if there 's a beach within walking distance . 
  preferably in a house owned by yourself/some ( read : any ) relative . 
  3 ) artistic liberties aside , my big fat greek wedding was pretty accurate in many things . 
  for example , i have my paternal grandpa 's name and my dad has his paternal grandpa 's name and so on , almost ad infinitum . 
  and parents do buy houses for/to their kids ( this is not so frequent nowadays ) . 
  whenever i go to a foreign country i always make sure to ask if the tap water is drinkable . 
  i was told in germany that the water is perfect , so i drank from there . 
  in england they told me something like `` sure , it 's fine , whatever '' , so i still drank from the tap . 
  when i was in poland ( lublin to be exact ) i asked the polish organizers of the conference the same question and their answer was a resounding no . 
  so , bottled water for me . 
  besides , everything was so cheap there ( whole pizza for like 2-3 euros ) , so it did n't really cost me much . 
  by the way , water in athens is probably better than bottled water , but when you go to the islands your mileage may vary . 
  it will definitely not kill you , but you 've tasted much better water in your life . 
  well , you * can * flush paper down the toilet . 
  you just do n't want to . 
  on a similar note , though , all these horror stories about clogged toilets and getting plungers and whatnot i 've seen on reddit ( usually by americans ) do n't really happen in greece . 
  in my 33 years of life , i do n't think i 've ever seen a clogged toilet . 
  but we do have lids on our bins . 
  i hear ya ... 
  metternich really did n't like the 1821 greek revolution against the ottoman empire . 
  you wo n't believe the things we 're taught about him ... edit : i was going for a joke there , but i am trying the hardest to remember what else we were taught about austria in our very greek-centric history books and i ca n't think of many things . 
  well , there is the big stuff like austrian-hungarian empire and world wars , but nothing that went into more depth . 
  hmmm ... can any other greeks help me out here ? 
  was n't i paying attention or did austria really fly under the radar in the few pages of world history i remember ? 
  [ this only partially answers your question , but it 's a good palce to start . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_christmas_gift-bringers_by_country ), 
  well , i did n't say `` we 've always been pronouncing '' now , did i ? 
  the point is , we do n't really know how the ancient greeks pronounced it . 
  what you cited is the linguists ' consensus ( see the p.s. 
  in my original post ) . 
  but in my greek ears , the ancient greek words work perfectly with \u03b2 pronounced as v and in the languages that descend from latin , it sounds `` right '' to be pronounced as b. 
  where is a time machine when you need one ? 
  it 's not ambiguous for us  . 
  we always pronounce ' \u03b2 ' as ` v ' . 
  in any dialect . 
  you should go ask the romans what they did with it ... ps : for the linguists out there : i know , i know ... forgive me ... 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/606/ ), 
  i do n't know of any greeks that claim we have invented kebab . 
  it 's not even a greek word . 
  we do have gyros , though , which is made in a similar way ( the vertical spit ) , but the meat is so much different . 
  gyros is from pork and it uses whole pieces of meat . 
  kebab ( the one i know at least ) is usually minced lamb . 
  which came first ? 
  i have no idea . 
  both are really tasty , though i am partial to gyros . 
  and the only hungarian person i 've met was very adamant that they are not in fact huns . 
  luckily , in my language we use both words to describe them , so i kind of already knew what she was talking about . 
  many people here have mentioned blood feuds . 
  i propose they read [ * broken april * by ismail kadare ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broken_april ) , the only albanian writer i know and have read . 
  i know it 's not a historical account , but it 's a very good read , though bleak . 
  i am not looking forward to the greek one ... 
  well , the rating is supposed to indicate the risk of investment for any potential lenders . 
  the better the rating , the lesser the ( perceived ) risk . 
  the lesser the risk , the lower the interest rates for said loans . 
  the lower the interest rates , the easier for a country to repay the loans and not spiral into debt . 
  this upgrade in rating means that interests rates for greece can go down . 
  this means nothing ( for now ) , however , since greece is n't borrowing from the market , anyway . 
  but these fitch/moody 's / s&p people have been known to make mistakes . 
  then what onlyalevel2druid said is correct . 
  you probably had poor instruction . 
  characters did n't need introducing back then . 
  everyone knew who achilles and atreus was , it was part of their mythology . 
  storytelling might have changed , but this does n't mean it is better now .
