  back then , fiction would mostly rely on myth ( look at the epics or the tragedies ) , on already established traditions . 
  achilles was the hero of a war everybody knew about . 
  he did n't need introductions . 
  there are lots . 
  there are homer 's epics ( nothing beats the iliad for some visceral action ... spears ... spears everywhere - and very little usage of swords surprisingly ) . 
  there are plato 's works , especially symposium . 
  now , if we 're talking about modern greece , i think pope joan by rhoides is quite excellent and very funny ( if you do n't know about it , here is [ the myth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pope_joan ) ) . 
  also the chest ( not translated into english , as far as i know ) by aris alexandrou is an excellent , quite kafkaesque/borgesian story . 
  i think he 's being sarcastic . 
  crisis in the south is blamed on corrupt people , while crisis in the north is blamed on bad banking practices . 
  that or i am missing something . 
  machiavelli is probably one of the most misunderstood scholars of all time . 
  he was a democrat , that 's how he believed states should be ruled . 
  however , in case of an oligarchy or a dictatorship , he believed that a `` prince '' should have certain qualities for his land to prosper . 
  simple as that . 
  his attitude was more `` in case of tyranny , read this '' and less `` this is how everything should be ruled '' . 
  we greeks have a lot of turkish words as well , especially food related ( i bet you know what we call yaourti is ) !, 
  anyway , can you tell me some non-scientific greek words that you use ? 
  i say non-scientific because these seem to be prevalent in many languages , so they do n't really count . 
  i already addressed the issue when i talked about changing our mentality . 
  there are a lot of things wrong here in greece , tax evasion being one of them . 
  but if tax evasion is a cultural thing ( and it might well be ) , then it 's been happening for decades on end . 
  the government planned the budget with the revenue it expected it would/could get . 
  this did n't change in the euro years . 
  i do n't know the particulars of tax law ( they change all the time ) , so i ca n't answer these issues ( this roof thing sounds a bit ridiculous ; there is some truth in it perhaps , but it seems like an urban legend now ) . 
  and let us say that , yes , we brought this on ourselves . 
  so did the italians ? 
  the irish ? 
  the spanish ? 
  the portuguese ? 
  the cypriots ? 
  the belgians even ( lately i 've been reading how belgium might be next in line . 
  i have no idea if it 's true ) ? 
  when so many people do so many mistakes , the problem seems systemic ; or it seems generated by `` the system '' wanting to exploit the politicians ' and the people 's greed , if you will . 
  the lender is as much to blame for a bad loan as the borrower , would n't you agree ? 
  one other issue . 
  things , up until 2008 , were good . 
  and they had been good for close to 30 years ( or gradually improving at least ) . 
  just like america 's biggest problem was clinton having sex with monica whatshername or not our biggest problem was something similar ; not the sustainability of a booming economy . 
  or do you think the average voter looks at balance sheets , debt-to-gdp ratios and the increase in cds rates every morning ? 
  we were voting what we thought were capable people ( or at least ideologically congruent ) to take care of these issues ; and some were voting by thinking with their own wallet . 
  i never said that we 're not to blame ; but we share the same responsibility with an 18 year old couple who never went through sex-ed and now faces the pregnancy or abortion dilemma . 
  how harsh should this couple be punished and how much blame should be put on parents and schools for not looking ahead ? 
  last thing . 
  vacation days have been 20 per year as long as i can remember . 
  it does n't seem that excessive . 
  retirement age is another issue . 
  yes , it was possible to retire at 53 with full benefits ( earlier if you were a woman and still had young children ) , but in reality it would be very difficult . 
  in fact , i do n't know anyone who did it ( i know a guy who retired at 35 , but only because his union must have been the most successful union in the history of the world - details will be provided if asked for ) . 
  to retire at 53 you had to be working non-stop from when you were 18 , in the same job , insured by the same ( public ) organization . 
  changing jobs , staying unemployed for a while or changing insurance carrier meant that this 53 thing is not happening . 
  my dad , for example has been working non-stop since he was 12 , but because he changed a lot of jobs and insurance carriers only now is he qualified to start thinking about pension ; and he is 63 . 
  just because the law allows it , it does n't mean it 's easy to do ... 
  sorry for the long post , but i do n't even think i covered all the issues you raised . 
  if you want , we can discuss it further . 
  besides , do n't think that greeks are n't blaming greeks first and foremost . 
  but us blaming us is n't as newsworthy as images of merkel dressed as hitler ... edit : typos, 
  williamcalley 's attitude is exactly what i was saying we need to stop . 
  we should stop labeling and stereotyping . 
  i had n't even voted for the government that faked the documents and yet , somehow , i share a bit of the responsibility . 
  well , maybe i do , but it 's hardly enough to start pointing fingers . 
  i - almost completely - agree with that . 
  who said that we 're not blaming our politicians ? 
  the party that ruled for the better part of the past 3 decades in greece now has something like 8 % of the vote . 
  the second biggest party that also ruled from time to time has lost half its voters or more . 
  we want to see people in jail ( and lately some have gone there , but it is hardly enough ) . 
  why do we blame germany and the troika ? 
  for all the reasons radaway gave . 
  we have no say , no choice in the matter , we 're just doing whatever the troika is saying . 
  even after the imf came out and say `` oops , we calculated the recession wrong , we should have never imposed that much austerity '' , we 're still on that same route , which does n't seem to work . 
  what will work ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not an economist , though i am pretty sure they 're pretty baffled as well . 
  but it definitely is a combination of getting rid of old mentalities , making better choices ( especially of rulers ) and having the guts to going against the `` banks first '' doctrine . 
  it 's also time to get rid of labels such as `` pigs '' , `` lazy greeks '' `` mobster cypriots '' and so on . 
  just as i do n't blame the german people ( i 've been there twice ; they are amazing and they know how to eat - not surprisingly they do enjoy pigs ... i mean pork ) , but i do blame the german rulers of reluctantly and inanely accepting their role as eu leaders , i think the rest of the europeans should accept that we , as greeks ( portuguese , irish what have you ) have been duped by our politicians , by promises of ( false ) prosperity . 
  last but not least : i know our politicians fucked up ; big time . 
  but i 'd laugh if i ever heard someone say that merkel ( the ecb , the imf and so on ) made all the right choices . 
  it 's an airport that people use to get to brussels . 
  even if it is n't called that , it 's the only name that wo n't confuse anyone . 
  athens airport is not called athens airport and is n't even in athens , but i 'm sure most foreigners call it that . 
  true , but i 've seen many a good movie there while a student at the university . 
  a movie for a quid or two if i remember correctly . 
  i wonder if the film society is still around . 
  george sq. 
  in edinburgh has some of the ugliest buildings in scotland next to some very beautiful smaller houses . 
  and the square itself is amazing !, 
  how could i forget o'brien ? 
  * the third policeman * ( 50 % bicycle ! ), 
  is an amazing book ( have n't read * at-swim-two-birds * yet ) . 
  forgive my forgetting the other two . 
  i knew they were irish , but having never read either , i forgot all about them . 
  robert louis stevenson . 
  my favorite 19th century prose along with dickens !, 
  simply amazing !, 
  you 're irish . 
  in my circles , the irish are not famous for their drinking and overall merriment ( i love tipsy irish people ... the ones i 've met anyway ) , but for the bloody amazing authors . 
  joyce is like the overlord of your writers , but you also have swift , wilde , beckett , yeats and more that i am probably forgetting . 
  you are awesome in that department and let no one tell you otherwise . 
  while i was writing my dissertation on kafka 's influence on borges , i kept writing `` the czech author '' when i did n't want to repeat kafka 's name .
