which means they 're either a ) not planning to pay the fines either because they just dgaf or b ) they 're even more irresponsible with public money than we thought ... 
  oh yes , * entirely * separate . 
  there is no connection at all between the current so-called `` purple surge '' , the upcoming by-elections and this sudden and very obvioius eurosceptic-pandering tantrum . 
  i think yours is the most realistic reading of the situation . 
  and whether he 's europhile or not , he certainly needs to * look * more eurosceptic if he does n't want a marginal massacre in may . 
  it makes the same difference . 
  whether he planned this himself , or is just responding to backbench/ukip pressure has the same effect ; he 's throwing a very public and very pointless tantrum to make a political point . 
  could it be that our whores are the most expensive in the world ? 
   one ex-hostage of the islamic state has already told the police that the man is a member of the british radical islamist group known as `` the beatles , '' which is tasked with guarding foreign prisoners in syria . 
  is this supposed to be some kind of joke ? 
   due to being hit in non lethal areas which is why police are ( in theory ) trained to shoot to kill , and * only * to kill , is n't it ? 
  if someone is a threat to you in the line of your normal duties , there is an argument for shooting them once . 
  if you want to make sure they wo n't be able to shoot back or otherwise retaliate , shooting twice to make sure they 're dead might also be understandable . 
  shooting someone six times implies the red mist came down . 
  that 's the last thing you want in someone carrying a gun . 
  well you have a point there . 
  that said , if you recall the case of trayvon martin , it 's clear that that 's sometimes not the case ( of course as we both know , tragic mistakes can be made ) . 
  that said , even if that guy was a criminal , would that give the police officer the right to lethally shoot him ? 
  i would say yes , only in the event that the police officer 's life , or that of a member of the public was in * immediate danger * ( and even then , there are sometimes less-lethal ways to resolve a situation ) . 
  a [ recent autopsy report ] ( http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2014/08/18/michael_brown_autopsy_report_shows_ferguson_teenager_was_shot_six_times.html ) seems to indicate that michael brown was shot six times ( clearly excessive force ) with his head down ( so not aiming a weapon at anyone ) and his hands up ( trying to surrender and clearly not a threat ) . 
  therefore , why not just take him into custody ? 
  is it because he 's black ? 
  speak for yourself ... , 
  and i 'm in awe of how you 're brainwashed to see our perception of you as brainwashed as brainwashing . 
  err ... 
  wait , whst ? 
  yep . 
  kind of like the bef . 
  what could possibly go wrong ... ? 
  interesting . 
  i wonder if that 's for political reasons . 
  historical british combat planes with positive connotations for the uk public include the hurricane and tornado . 
  `` typhoon '' is pretty similar to these and harks back to days of british hard power projection . 
  `` eurofighter '' on the other hand , has no such connotations , and , implying further close relations with europe , would be highly unpopular with some segments of the population . 
  `` one world cup and two world wars !!, 
  ` ere we go , ` ere we go , ` ere we go ... '', 
  right , whereas before that it was `` i do n't mind the pakistanis , but it 's these bloody poles coming over here who are no good . '', 
  and before that the jamaicans/caribbeans , and before that , and before that ... ... 
  indeed . 
  i highly doubt that putin or his immediate subordinates were directly involved though . 
  in practice the most likely and reasonable explanation is a badly-trained militiaman with an itchy trigger finger . 
  * tinfoil hat * the only reason ukraine would have for doing it , and making it look like a russian/separatist attack is to try and draw in un/nato forces in a more practical way . 
  * tinfoil away * but i do n't believe they would be able to pull that off without leaving some trace , which would basically be handing putin a plate of delicious propaganda . 
   looks like it fell down rapidly . 
  where are you getting that from ? 
  the graph shows takeoff and cruising , stopping abruptly just under 3 hours into the flight . 
  you 're right , but if we assume the missile was being operated by untrained separatist militia members , they might not be sticking to `` operating procedure '' ... 
  its trajectory on the map appears to just be a great circle , which does n't necessarily take into account traffic corridors , control zones , etc. . . 
  you have to click the button at the bottom of the entry fields on the left . 
  then , you click on one of the planes currently `` arriving '' at kl . 
  the top on is h17 . 
  its trajectory on the map appears to just be a great circle , which does n't necessarily take into account traffic corridors , control zones , etc. . . addendum : 17jul0000 being the date you want us to look at ? 
  then this notice of segment a87 being closed was valid from midnight on 16th july ( this morning , presumably bst ) and the plane was shot down at 1415 bst . 
  my understanding is that that is also the segment ( closed ) where the plane was last in contact with atc . 
  please correct me if my interpretation is wrong . 
  edit : just seen your other reply to / u/aemilius _ paulus . 
  i think i understand now . 
  the air corridor was closed up to a certain altitude ( fl320 being 32,000 ft ? ), 
  and mh17 was above that , in `` open '' airspace ? 
  thank you for the information , but i think others may find it helpful if you could edit your comment to clarify interpretation of the flight plan and notam . 
  until a fortnight ago , neither did the separatists . 
  my mum 's still convinced that this is the second wave of attacks after the terrorists failed to fly mh370 into perth ( shot down quietly over the ocean ) , and now they attack russia and `` quietly '' get shot down again , unfortunately this time over a sensitive piece of land ... 
  at last . 
  can you please tell me where they keep all the beanbags ? 
  i 've been here for hours ... 
  i 'm not going to deny that it probably happens a lot ( especially since the recent gchq leak ) but why not delete these comments drawing attention to it , too ? 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but just because western europe was n't under the soviet jackboot , does n't mean they were totally ignorant of the threat on their doorstep . 
  the cold war was a pretty big deal in the manchester , as well as in minsk . 
  at the end of the round , belarus appeared to have 3 guys still standing and the announcer declared 3 points for them , so maybe it 's number of survivors after a time limit ( or elimination of other team , whichever comes first ) . 
  private eye . 
  they bash everyone equally !, 
  presumably this is in km/h ? 
  it would be nice to have units somewhere on the legend . 
  also , the darkest blue should be labeled 1.08 e9 km/h, 
  right . 
  but if i were the president of reddit the rule would be that you only vote on things if you can understand the language they 're written in . 
  therefore , if you contribute to the conversation in dutch , but native english speakers ca n't understand you , they have no right to downvote you just because they ca n't understand you . 
  people who understand dutch , however , can vote you up or down if they feel you contribute well/badly to the conversation . 
  it might `` make sense '' , but it 's not exactly fair . 
  that 's fine , but the treatment that my comment has received just proves my point . 
  i do n't think i said anything unreasonable , since i did n't know that was a bot , and yet i 'm sent down to oblivion ... 
  this is not a butthurt complaint , i 'm just pointing out that downvotes are n't what people seem to think they are . 
  because people see something they do n't understand , immediately assume it 's something they do n't like , and use what they think is a `` i do n't like this '' button to try and make it go away . 
  here 's an idea : cross-post things you do n't like from this forum into that one and petition the mods to redirect this sort of content to that sub . 
  everybody wins, 
  * bear suits, 
  this whole mess is beyond belief . 
  can you imagine if scotland announced tomorrow that they were going to hold the referendum within the week ? 
  and then proceeded to join up as part of , say , a `` norse federation '' ? 
  not by bombarding civilians . 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand your point , and / u/anterai is being a dick , but there have been atrocities committed by all sides and it 's not easy to `` apportion blame '' in that case . 
  `` x started it '' is n't good enough , either . 
  if it 's wrong for x to kill y 's civilians , why does that justify y killing x 's ? 
  yup , totally agree . 
  i agree with your general point , but it does rely on the protesters knowing a howitzer from a battle tank . 
  i think felix 's point is that if people see an armoured vehicle with a big cannon on it and burly armed men driving it they might still think twice . 
  regardless , as i say i agree it 's pretty much impossible that these will be used to quell protests . 
  bloody towelheads with their [ muslamic rayguns ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aipd8qhhtvu ) , innit . 
  makes me want to go on a march to make britain back british . 
  disclaimer just in case it did n't come across above : the opinions expressed are not my own , but an attempt at translating to english the opinions of whoever made the satirical map .
