  i went for a run earlier , perfect weather for that , cloudy , a little bit windy and around 17 , great . 
  mostly i 've argued with people over the internet , fun times ... for the rest of the day , i 'm probably going to continue arguing with people on the internet , maybe play some game with my friends later . 
  got to come up with something to make for dinner , probably a chili if no one here has any better idea ? 
  ( not counting on it . . ) got ta plan my revenge for the / r/sweden eu4 game tomorrow as well , the turks shall rule us all , screw austria !, 
  i 'm just not sure what your point was . 
   that 's nonsense . 
  vast majority of those migrants are unskilled workers that will keep leeching the welfare system , and not be net contributors to it . 
  economic growth is not dependent on population growth . 
  capitalism is self-optimizing . 
  today factories are operated by a handful highly skilled engineers and technicians , not hundreds of manual workers . 
  as i said , it primarily comes down to the next generation , which will be part of our education system , just like everyone else , and who can in turn become highly skilled engineers and technicians , or whatever other job there is . 
  there are also lots low-skill jobs that require more workers right now , at least in sweden , healthcare workers for example ( not sure of the exact term in english ) . 
   oh it will lead to a larger economy , because of consumerism . 
  they can dole out more printed money to more consumers , which stimulates economic growth . 
  it 's just that that growth is not necessarily dependent on those immigrants , as there are consumers in other eu economies as well . 
  on the paper the overall economy will grow , but per capita it will not . 
  okey , we can look at it this way . 
  if the current population just gets to stay on the same level as now ( talkign about gdp ) . 
  then we add a lot of poor immigrants , then the gdp per capita will get lower , because all the people added are below the average . 
  but the `` old '' population is n't any worse of for that . 
  and the poor immigrants will hopefully be better of here as well , compared to the alternatives . 
  so it 's still a win . 
  then there 's , at least in sweden , a continuing growth of our economy , despite immigration , so it 's not the end of the world , not yet anyway . 
   we can see how that played out in parisian suburbs . 
  / s i do n't actually know what you are referring to , can you explain ? 
  there are plenty of examples where exactly what i described has happened . 
  naturally , none of them are the exact same situation as we are in today , but still , it 's not some crazy utopian idea that most immigrant kids will get a job and whatever , sooner or later anyway . 
  in sweden we have problems with that shit anyway , with or without immigrants , but that is because of our internal politics being somewhat fucked up at the moment , not inherently because of all the immigrants ( although that has , somewhat longwindedly , part in it as well ) . 
   nonsense . 
  we can not solve other countries problems . 
  well , sometimes we can , but either way , we can solve other * peoples * problems , by making them people of our countries instead . 
   eu countries ' population is minuscule compared to the rest of the world . 
  about 1/10 , either way , not everyone else wants to move to europe , we 're not that great ...  european countries have large economies because of the human capital of the european peoples . 
  yes , fair enough . 
   importing culturally incompatible aliens will ruin that . 
  how ? 
  what makes it so impossible for us to make these culturally incompatible aliens into assets to our own country ? 
  especially their kids , what stops them from having the exact same opportunities as our own kids ? 
   if you import 100 millions blacks into europe , you 'll get a little africa in return , with all the concomitant problems . 
  disregarding your made up number , why does it absolutely have to be that way ? 
  is there no way at all we can get people here without getting `` a little africa in return '' ? 
   the priority should be the welfare of european citizens , not what is `` fair '' . 
  that 's the main divide between people on this issue really . 
  are european citizens more important than anything else , or should we also care about the rest of the human race ? 
  and if so , at what cost ? 
   maybe i 'm crazy , i hope i am . 
  i hope so too . 
   i never said that all of them will be a problem with our society . 
  no , i said that . 
  if we 're going to keep people in refugee camps indefinitely , they will be a cost to our society , that 's fairly obvious , you ca n't keep feed and house people for free . 
  if we manage to integrate some of them , at least they will pay for themselves . 
   but there are already problems with the current influx and that influx simply does not stop.and we must stop it or reduce to manageable numbers . 
  that is possible , but is fairly unrelated to your original argument . 
   how many more people can sweden intergrade ? 
  given enough time , probably everyone . 
  the question is at which * rate * we can integrate people without them forming their own small societies within sweden and resisting further integration . 
  which is what is starting to happen in certain suburbs around here , with the violence and all that . 
   there must be a final number and the same goes for the rest of europe . 
  no , as the refugees get integrated into our societies , we can take on new ones , it 's all a question about which rate our societies can handle it . 
  sweden and germany are probably fairly close to the limit at the moment , while certain countries might be very far from it , while others , greece for example , already have enough problems of their own to really do anything . 
   after all a refugee is someone who was forced to leave his homeland and wants to go back at some point . 
  not necessarily . 
  a refugee is just someone fleeing from their homeland , can be for all kinds of reasons , and they do absolutely not have to want to go back there . 
  and while most obviously still feel an attachment to their old home , there are still lots of them who do n't want to go back . 
  you can stop people from * doing * things . 
  but you ca n't stop people from believing things . 
  in the same way as being a paedophile is n't illegal , but child molestation is . 
  huge difference . 
  -- force might be necessary , but the force should be used to uphold the law , not getting rid of a certain group of people . 
  yeah , fuck the patriarchy , amirite ? 
   i think that the idea is that those immigrants will eventually become citizens , and once they do they and their children will have become a permanent voter base of the parties that let them in . 
  they will also contribute to a continuing population growth that would otherwise not happen , without which a lot of our welfare systems will break down . 
  at least i think that 's the practical thought behind a lot of the immigration , more people = bigger economy , or something like that , it 's just a delayed effect since first generation immigrants , thinking mostly about refugees here , rarely contribute much to the new country , but their children might . 
  and , you know , we have some of the biggest economies in the world , it 's only fair that we take care of some of the most vulnerable people in the world , because we can . 
   no it is not.there are already problems with integration with the current numbers of immigrants/refugees . 
  so ... how would not integrating anyone help us ? 
  at least in sweden , most immigrants are actually learning the language and getting a job and stuff , although a big part of them do not manage that , which is a problem . 
  but with your idea all of them would be a burden to our society , not just the `` failed '' ones . 
  i really ca n't see how that would help . 
   that is their problem.i will not sacrifice europe for them . 
  then why take them in in the first place ? 
  never heard of this , we mostly light bonfires during valborg ( 30 april ) . 
  but i 'm always up for a nice big fire , too bad i live on the west coast now , that 's technically not on the baltic , 
  the funny thing is that the fact that you did n't realise this was a obvious joke makes * you * look like an idiot . 
   it 'd be amazing to explore the north sea which was landmass not so much ago and it is known people lived there . 
  not much to see from those people , only nomadic hunter-gatherers around that time , so not even any villages or anything like that to find . 
  not in all of europe . 
   ok why not going to the countries like syria that actually have refugees and taking any person who is an actual refugee but turning everyone else who enters illegally in europe back ? 
  i 'm pretty sure almost everyone in syria wants out , and would be considered refugees because they are , after all , fleeing from the war . 
   set humane camps for legal refugees and offer hospitality for as long as it is needed then return the refugees back when the dire situation in their country is resolved . 
  it 's a lot easier on our economy to integrate the refugees into our society instead of just housing them for what could very well be several decades . 
  and even when/if the `` dire situation in their country '' is resolved , they still would n't have any homes there , and would just become refugees in that country instead if we send them back . 
  that 's not what i asked for , but thanks anyway i guess . 
  you have any stats on cycling accidents in different countries ? 
  the main reason so many people in sweden wear helmets is because of massive propaganda for it in school , almost as much as anti-drug stuff tbh . 
  then parents do n't want to be hypocrites when telling their children to wear helmets , so they wear them too . 
  but anyway , you have any data on number of accidents involving cyclists ? 
  i 'm interested to see how big the difference is between countries . 
  do n't think anything above 40 % is allowed . 
  and again , we have our reasons , our drinking culture used to be exactly the same as russia 's but instead of vodka we had [ br\u00e4nnvin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/br%c3%a4nnvin ) .
