  i also think a lot of care is being taken by foresters for biodiversity and so on , at least compared to other countries , they leave some old trees to rot for insects and stuff like that , even in the plantations . 
  or leave a few trees standing in clear cuts , ca n't remember why , but i think that 's a similar thing . 
  and probably other things too that might not be common in other places . 
  spoken like a true russian . 
   or the winter war which they lost ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_peace_treaty, 
  apparently they do , and since both sweden and finland are mostly covered in what 's essentially tree plantations , it gets a bit weird , and they should have really thought about that , one would think ... we 're down there with madagascar and indonesia . 
  oh fuck off edit : heh , someone did as i told them , that 's a new one ... 
  that 's a completely worthless statistic for countries with big forest industries . 
  we 've been cutting down our forests for hundreds of years , but we have also been replanting them all since like the early 20th century . 
  so it really does n't matter from an environmentalist perspective if we cut a lot of them down or not , they are all getting replanted either way . 
  it might be economically worrying though , if farmers need to cut down their trees early that can have consequences later down the line , but i doubt that 's the case . 
  --  boreal countries have suffered forest loss as well in recent years . 
  russia and canada are among the top three countries with the greatest gross annual tree cover loss in 2014 . 
  timber and other commercial enterprises drive much of the tree removal , yet the bulk of loss in these regions is due to forest fires . 
  these fires worsen in extent and intensity as temperatures in the northern latitudes rise and drier conditions prevail , with effects closely linked to global climate change . 
  is all i can find about the region and that does n't work on finland or sweden ( still few fires here afaik ) . 
  i really have a hard time taking the rest of the data seriously when they suggest that we have an issue with tree cover loss . 
  how sloppy are the rest of the results then ? 
  ( that i know less about ) actually , even for russia and canada , are they implying that those forests are gone for good just because there was a forest fire there ? 
  they will obviously grow back , what 's the actual issue ? 
  -- it 's a bit like measuring how many crops gets harvested each year in france and somehow linking that to farmland disappearing ... 
  what , russia ? 
  tax money is what most europeans use , especially when talking about another country . 
   ( is it realy not allowed to marry before the age of 18 in sweden ? ), 
  it used to be possible with a special permission from the county board , but that option is now removed and it is now completely impossible . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapphane maybe not a proper civil war , it was more of a resistance to occupation , but it definitely has some civil war features . 
  pro-danish guerilla rising up against the swedish state . 
  the swedes `` solved '' it by [ playing a bit with the danish army ( and the dutch ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lund ) , killing ( and torturing ) all the rebels they could catch , turning the population against them to catch the rest , and then some good old ethnic cleansing when things had calmed down a bit to stop further troubles . 
  which is why i speak swedish now , and not just east danish ( well , that 's part of the reason anyway ) . 
  do n't think that would work as well in a modern setting though , more likely to just cause even more conflict . 
  and you know , ethnic cleansing as a concept is something most people want to stay away from as much as possible . 
   plus it 's about time you get into the invading/colonizing business . 
  yeah , all the big brothers has already got theirs over with , it 's your turn now finland !, 
  there are plenty of similar companies around , but straight out putting one of the worlds biggest companies out of business is going to be difficult unless they really screw something up . 
  that 's just google translate . 
  literally translated from swedish it would be `` alone-coming children '', 
   where do they live ? 
  who takes care of them ? 
  who is responsible for them ? 
  special housing in each municipality . 
  people hired by the municipality . 
  the municipality/government . 
   23,000 minors mostly abusing heroin . 
  yeah , literally dozens of them so far ... actually , the article does n't say . 
  they arrested `` ett tiotal '' last week , roughly translated to `` a dozen '' / dozens . 
  the only other number it gives is that that was more than they arrested in all of 2015 , and that the dealers are apparently focusing on the afghan youth now ( according to an informant/someone ) . 
   it seems to me as an american that to europeans anyone who wants a homogenous country is considered `` racist '' by european media i also hate the overuse of `` racism '' by people nowadays . 
  but `` wanting a homogenous country '' is like ... how do i put this without offending you ? 
  a bit too much like early 20th century europe . 
  you 're probably fine , but without expanding on it further than that and people will automatically assume the worst . 
   if the polls show 20 % support for that party , then some people in media and government would take notice and start reflecting some of those views , but they do n't . 
  they have changed . 
  a few years ago something like border checks would have been unimaginable , but we have them now . 
  but nothing radical has been done by the government , so you guys who only hang out in here or international media rarely hears about it . 
  and there is plenty of criticism against the governments immigration policies in media , anyone who claims otherwise are just ignorant . 
  but the news-reporting itself is usually done in a very `` neutral '' way , which means it basically has the angle that people expect it to have , which is slightly pro-government . 
  if you want to read criticism go into political columns and stuff . 
  and in the other germanic languages , who already uses it but with a slightly less obnoxious spelling . 
   there are no poor swedes ? 
  there are no swedes living in absolute poverty , that 's the whole point of a welfare society . 
  for relative poverty , sure . 
  but most `` poor '' people here are immigrants . 
  that is one of the more worrying things about this whole mass-immigration thing , the divides it creates in our society . 
   nor any other nationalities . 
  there are plenty of nationalities represented on that list , including native swedes . 
   and none of them on that list there is one pole on that list . 
  http://www.interpol.int/notice/search/wanted/2016-4948 that 's one out of 47 people on the list . 
  if that would follow the populations in the country it would correspond to about 210000 people , that 's almost twice as many poles than there are in sweden . 
  i would also like to point out that for anyone to be considered `` poor '' in sweden you would need to be unemployed , as our equivalent to minimum wage allows us to live very comfortably . 
  that rules out most poles who usually come here for work . 
  obviously a lot of poles here work `` under the table '' ( hope that 's the right english term ) , and thus do n't follow the minimum wage thing , but still , at least they have work . 
   that we ca n't connect crime with ethnical background no , but we can connect lower socioeconomic status with immigrants . 
  and we can connect immigration with non-native ethnical backgrounds ( obviously ) . 
  and we can also connect lower socioeconomic status with crime . 
  so as long as you do it that way it 's fine . 
  immigrants -  poverty -  crime the problem is only when you jump directly from crime to ethnicities . 
  keep that in mind and it will keep you from getting called racist as much . 
  i think it 's a mostly useless statistic . 
  what exactly are we supposed to gain from knowing that ? 
  ethnicity is an inherently subjective thing , can any actually scientific conclusions be drawn from that ? 
  if not , why should our government care about it at all ? 
  but at the same time , i do n't see any particularly overwhelming reason to ban the state from asking about it in a census , i just doubt the usefulness of it . 
   actually , the `` pizza sallad '' came along together with the jugoslavians that came to sweden in the 70 : s . that makes so much sense since pretty much every pizza shop here is run by immigrants . 
  ah , okey , did n't get that . 
  we like to help people . 
  we 're also fairly naive , living in our own little bubble up here in scandinavia . 
  and as someone else pointed out , we took in similar amounts of refugees in the 90s from former yugoslavia when you guys were at it . 
  that crisis was over relatively quickly though , the current one might be troublesome if it continues for much longer . 
  300 billion divided by 10 million is 30 000 , not 10 000 individual income tax is not the only revenue our government has . 
  so saying it will be like a 2-3 % increase in taxes is not true . 
  but i see your point . 
  i just wanted to point out that our math was wrong , that is all , just failed to do that apparently , sorry . 
  you can look at the yugoslavs coming to sweden in the 90s . 
   or that that they get more money from social welfare than working . 
  they wo n't , unless the employer breaks the `` law '' . 
  ( technically not a law , but might as well be ), 
   there is absolutely zero chance that the refugees will be assimilated into productive members of swedish society , at least not in the first 20 years . 
  it 's been about 20 years since the wave of immigration here from former yugoslavia . 
  most of them have been assimilated fine . 
  people said the same thing as you back in the 90s when i was growing up .
