  50/50 between kids ( < 15 ) and adults (  20 ) . 
  mostly syrians . 
  i do n't think he 's that far from the truth actually . 
  most of sds voters are from smaller towns and the countryside in general . 
  most of them have very little or no contact with refugees , or immigrants in general . 
  i 'm not sure how to say this in english , but you 're swedish , so , that they are a `` missn\u00f6jesparti '' is entirely correct . 
  they all think immigration is to blame for their problems in one way or the other , but what problems they think are caused by immigration varies wildly . 
  it 's the same thing as always with any `` radical '' party getting power , people are unhappy with the way things are going , and want to see change , so they vote for a new party they think will be able to change things where the old parties failed . 
  the reason people are unhappy might very well be in part because of de-industrialisation , factories shutting down and they loose their jobs and so on . 
  especially sd is very nostalgic about `` the good old days '' too , so they get extra votes for people who want things to turn back to `` normal '' . 
  and to be clear , i 'm not saying sd are wrong . 
  decreasing or even stopping immigration entirely might actually be a wise thing to do . 
  but the people voting for sd still does n't have to be particularly correct , a lot of them have no clue about immigrants in todays sweden , most just hear about some problems from the media , if they happen to be right on this issue it 's mostly a coincidence . 
  most people sympathising with sd barely know anything about the situation of immigrants in sweden . 
  lowering immigration might very well help our society a great deal , but most people voting for sd do n't actually know what 's going on , if they are `` right '' it 's mostly a coincidence . 
  i obviously do n't know the exact numbers . 
  but generally , the regions were sd are the most popular are small towns , villages or the countryside in general , often with very few immigrants . 
  like the area i grew up in , it 's a town of about 3000 people , we have maybe a dozen noticeable immigrants ( refugees ) , but sd still had maybe 20-30 % of the votes here . 
  i hate the one-sidedness of the immigration debate in sweden , but i really ca n't see sd solving any of our problems either , most of their voter base have no clue . 
   you do n't think there are people in this country who are unhappy about the rural areas de-populating , the consequences of de-industrialisation or the death of the nuclear family ? 
   what are you even talking about ? 
  i 'm not trying to argue with you here , but you should probably read up on some things if you do n't understand what he ` stalking about there , those are all fairly relevant topics , with or without sd . 
   really . 
  ? have you done the math?how much inhabitable space ( l do not think mountain peaks are suitable for settling ) do you currently have available ? 
  how much of it its free?how much space the house of an average family of 4 takes?and the rest schools , hospitals , roads and the other urban infrastructure ? 
  we have barely any mountains in sweden , they are all in norway , but we do have a lot of wilderness without much current infrastructure . 
  but even just building on our current infrastructure , we have tons of forests , most of it is grown by farmers , but it can surely be bought up for expanding the cities , same thing with agricultural land . 
  about 70 % of our current land area is forests . 
  and , really , just go look at a map , we have serious amounts of space . 
  we 're 40 % bigger than poland , a country with almost 30 million more inhabitants , and not particularly close to overcrowding . 
  we are less than 10 % densely populated than the uk , currently we 're sitting at 22 people per square km , uk is at 262 . 
  the north of sweden is not a particularly nice place to live in , but it 's entirely possible , we have cities all over the country , even the northern inland , they are just relatively small . 
  but settling more people there would be totally doable , the problems comes with the people , like getting work for them , getting proper housing and infrastructure to allow them to live comfortable lifes and so on . 
  but space is without a doubt not a problem here . 
  we 're a larger country than germany ffs . 
  here 's a population density map to compare with the rest of europe : http://i.imgur.com/4xeek.jpg  oh god.what do i mean with illegal?immigrants that did n't take the lawful route to immigrate.they did not ask if we wanted them.they have not asked our permission.they just barged in.i am pretty sure if 20 total strangers barged in in your home without invitation and settled on the place you would be calling the police to arrest them and kick them out.but you do not seem to be as sensitive for your own country . 
  what are we even talking about ? 
  that might be an issue in greece , but it 's not in sweden . 
  if we do n't accept them , they 're out of here . 
   you can take a number of them.we have taken a lot and they are still coming in wave after wave because we have sent the wrong message to them.time to send them the correct one.illegal immigrants you will not make europe your home.want a chance with us?apply legally and come only after we invite you . 
  again , i 'm sure that 's completely true for greece , but what does that have to do with us ? 
   oh pretty low you say?you can take it you say?come in kos and other greek islands and see what is waiting for you . 
  same thing . 
   still there is a limit to your space . 
  well , yes , but in this case it 's completely irrelevant . 
  housing and infrastructure matters , sure , but not just pure space , we have enough of that to last for several hundred years of immigration , as long other things stay relatively the same . 
  ( which they wo n't , but that 's another issue )  but there is simply no limit to the incoming immigrants who are mostly illegals . 
  what do you mean with `` are mostly illegals '' ? 
  i do n't think illegal immigrants are actually a big problem here . 
  there are problems with people within the eu ( bulgarians and romanians ) coming here and essentially living here illegally , although it 's hard to prove and our current laws can not handle it well . 
  but anyway , that 's a completely different issue . 
  and we do not take in everyone , and we do n't want to take in everyone , i 'm just saying we can take on a lot of them , and so could a lot of european countries if they wanted to . 
  we would want you too as well , to help us out . 
  but if you do n't want to , then fine ...  just compare the populations between europe and asia or/and africa . 
  the middle east is surprisingly low in population actually , there are some africans , but most of those are not coming to sweden , at least not at the moment , it 's mostly syrians right now , some somalis and iraqis , but still , the populations of those countries are not actually massive . 
  60-70 millions . 
  and not all of them will come to europe , even out of everyone fleeing , most will not reach europe , but are stuck in refugee camps in neighbouring countries . 
  the amount of people are disturbing nonetheless . 
  but even though we take in a lot of refugees , we have n't yet done a germany and decided to take in everyone , and i do n't want us to . 
  space is about the only thing we have here , in case you did n't know . 
  fresh water , forests , some mineral deposits in the north , and lots and lots of space . 
  that 's the natural resources of sweden . 
  btw , 10 mil people over 100 years would be a lower rate than our current intake of immigrants . 
  and assuming our natural population growth stays at around 0 % ( fairly reasonable ) , a growth of 100 % over 100 years matches almost perfectly with the trend of the last 300 years . 
  so it seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  and not for you specifically , but other people have concerns about the immigrants piling up and outnumbering us swedes . 
  the thing is that most second generation immigrants are fairly indistinguishable from normal swedes , so as long as our integration works properly ( which i believe it would if we stayed at about 100k/year ) , we should be fine in that respect . 
  the thing is , we 're going over 100k now , i 'm not sure of the exact numbers , but i saw a number of 100k in 2009 , it 's probably way above that now . 
  not sure how well that will end , especially with our incompetent government , but hopefully we 'll be fine . 
  the sweden democrats are getting so big now that the other parties will have to do something soon , so i 'm hopeful . 
  problem is that there is 3 years until the next election , but i think they have the sense to change a little bit before that . 
  there used to be lots of germans in eastern europe , but they had to flee at the end of ww2 , cause , you know , soviet and stuff . 
   yeah that 's why anti-immigrant sweden democrats are the largest swedish party yes , they 're the third largest party , that does not make everyone else a fringe minority . 
   can you integrate ten million people ? 
  if you gives us a century or so , sure , i believe so . 
  i hate that guy ... just look at him . 
  but yeah , politics here have been fucked up for a while now . 
  but i 'm kebab ; _ ;, 
   they and people like you are a fringe minority not in sweden anyway . 
  but sure , if the people of your country do n't want to deal with all the shit from the outside world , i would respect that , which is one of the reasons i 'm mostly against the eu , they meddle in too much stuff that is n't for them to decide . 
  as for the rest , obviously i do n't want to be mugged , i do n't want people to get raped , i do n't want an unsustainable economic models with tons of unemployment . 
  but i believe we can have a society without all that and still take in quite a lot of immigrants . 
  and either way , if that starts becoming a problem , then we solve it by enforcing the law , stop people from raping and mugging , let the criminal system do it 's work , and give it the means to do so . 
  we do n't have to isolate ourselves from the world to deal with criminals . 
  unemployment , and getting the economy to run properly are always big issues , but again , we should work on getting work for people , as long as there are people that want to work , there is a way to make that possible , it comes down to politics . 
  we need to solve these problems well enough before we can take in more immigrants , i agree on that much . 
  but at the same time , stopping immigration is n't solving the unemployment problem , there is something inherently wrong with our system if there are people willing to work but no work to be done . 
  solve that , do n't just hope stopping immigration will solve everything . 
  as for  i do n't want black and muslim immigrants around me . 
   i do n't want mosques . 
   i want to be able to walk at 3am to the department store in the suburbs in my flip-flops  when young guys work their ass of to have half of their salary confiscated via taxes , and half of what 's left is eaten by rent and food . 
  i do n't really care , especially the first two , that 's fine by me . 
  for the second two , that 's never been the case in sweden and i do n't expect that to change , in fact , i 'm quite happy with it . 
  well , obviously , loosing most of my salary is n't fun , but i consider what i get from it to be fair , and the 1/4 that is left for spending on random shit is more than enough for me , so i do n't feel like more money would help me particularly much . 
  and yeah , stores do n't stay open til 3am here , they close at 11 or something . 
  flip-flops are too cold for most of the year too , at least at 3am . 
  i 'd say our fear of russia is entirely rational . 
  but still , they have plenty of reason to be afraid of nato too . 
  should n't blame them for that . 
  no , it 's all the muslems fault !,
