  same thing with the iraqis coming here in the 2000s during/after the iraq war , i 'm sure lots of them still have a ways to go , but a lot of them are already doing fine . 
  i think most syrians will be doing fine in 20 years as well . 
  there are plenty of hurdles to get over to make things work , but hopefully we can make it without too many more issues . 
  the reason the migration agency gets more money is because they have a lot of work to do . 
  i also question a lot of their decisions in how they do things , but i 'm not sure why people are complaining about them getting more money and at the same time complaining about the immigrants not assimilating . 
  that 's what they are trying to accomplish , so they need more money . 
  that 's some interesting math you did there . 
  most of them , especially the kids , absorb most of the traditions we are talking about . 
  our school system is fairly effective at that . 
  there is always going to be some bad ones , probably more so now than before , but not so many that it will somehow collapse our country . 
  problems , sure , but not on a catastrophic scale . 
  just like we do now we will continue to see growing fragmentation in our society . 
  i really think we need to do a lot to try and change that , but it 's also a hard problem to solve . 
  i think we 'll turn out fine though . 
  and we will have helped a lot of people in the process , which is more than most other countries can say about this crisis . 
   i am pretty sure there are some parties in sweden that are against migration , even if they are fringe parties . 
  there is one . 
  it was fringe , now it 's the third largest . 
  but the other 7 parties are becoming a bit more reasonable lately , not always dismissing any criticism of immigration as racism , like they used to . 
  the anti-immigration party is also a fairly conservative and very nationalistic party . 
  so even if a lot of people want less immigration they might not agree with anything else that party says , reducing the number of possible voters for them . 
  especially now that the other parties have started to show signs of wanting some sort of change in that area . 
  immigration is not the most important , and especially not the * only * important political issue . 
  so choosing what party to vote on just from that is a bit ... yeah . 
  since there is n't an explanation on the map . 
  it 's called `` snabel-a '' in swedish and danish , which translates to `` elephants trunk a '' . 
  but we still read it as `` at '' most of the time . 
   in german , it has sometimes been referred to as klammeraffe ( meaning `` spider monkey '' ) or affenschwanz . 
  klammeraffe or affenschwanz refer to the similarity of @ to the tail of a monkey grabbing a branch . 
  lately , it has mostly been called at , just like in english . 
  an old way of saying it apparently . 
  guess you 're represented by the @ in southern germany then . 
  apparently it has a name related to monkeys somewhere in germany , unless the map is just wrong . 
  what 's the name of the @ - symbol in german ? 
  everyone else does that too i think , but we also have a name for the symbol itself which is separate from how it 's pronounced when read . 
  edit : maybe not everyone else , but lots of swedes do anyway . 
  race is n't raw data though . 
  it 's not a term that has a clear definition or meaning . 
  even if it is used as a synonym for ethnicitiy , that does n't have a definite meaning and could be interpreted as any number of things . 
  so having the government work with that in mind they would just create unnecessary groups that does n't actually mean anything . 
  we do track country of birth for example , that 's not the same as ethnicity or race , but it is used as an approximation . 
  but the thing is that it really is n't certain that having people self report their ethnicity is going to actually be any more helpful or accurate . 
  if could be anything from scanian , swedish , scandinavian , european , or white , if i was to report that , and i 'm probably a very easy one to classify . 
  it 's just an extremely confusing and inaccurate way to divide people into groups . 
   but i would be willing to bet they were in small enough numbers not too notice . 
   i am no expert on bosnian muslim immigration to sweden . 
  but again i would imagine those numbers were small enough not too notice . 
  really no . 
  we had similar anti-immigration parties and all that starting up in the 90s too in response to the refugees from the yugoslav wars . 
  just like we do now . 
  i grew up with a bunch of yugoslav friends and classmates , it was definitely noticeable . 
  there was a break in the late 90s were not much happened , but then the current wave of immigrants and with that anti-immigration sentiment started about 15 years ago with people from iraq and afghanistan . 
  the current immigration debate in sweden has been one continuing thing since then . 
  it just increased in intensity when the syrians started coming . 
  and that 's also when the government finally started to admit that an `` everyone is welcome '' policy might not be the optimal . 
  but people * definitely * noticed the immigration way before that , and it 's been a debate about it here for ages . 
  we have had waves of immigration for various reasons since the end of ww2 . 
  20 % of the swedish population was foreign born in 1998 for example ( if wikipedia can be trusted , too lazy to look up actual data on it ) . 
  but huge waves of primarily refugees started only in the 90s with the yugoslav wars , before that it was mainly labour migration . 
   such as immigration data . 
  yeah , that is handled by the migration agency . 
  that 's my point , scb do n't actually collect the data from the people , they just show the data other agencies collect . 
  my example with the tax agency is because that 's what i associate the most with a `` census '' , how many people there are in the country and where they live , but you 're completely right that there 's more to it than that . 
  that 's how we still have so much statistics without having a nation wide census ( thanks for the explanation btw , did n't know we had a proper census in 2005 , was 14 back then so i guess i either did n't know or just do n't remember ) . 
  every agency does their own thing , so we have tons of immigration data , crime data and all that stuff , then scb compiles it and releases it in a more comprehensive form . 
  i do n't know actually . 
  there certainly is data , but i 'm not sure if they have released anything specific to the public . 
  any government agencies that is , there have been plenty of research papers and stuff on that released . 
  you might have a good point there . 
  maybe , hard for me to say . 
  what specifically is it you disagree with ? 
  ( i assume you are ), 
   it 's better you learn this now than 20 years down the line . 
  well it 's soon been 20 years since this started , so we 'll see . 
  the current wave started with iraqis in 2003 , it just grew dramatically when the syrians started coming a few years ago . 
  and although i guess it does n't count , we had plenty of bosnian muslims come here in the 90s , they are almost entirely integrated by now . 
  the school agency tracks it . 
  and so does the migration agency . 
  so we are pretty covered when it comes to planning for education . 
  true . 
  but sweden is not at all alone in that . 
  [ the red countries has tracked it in at least some way ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/ethnicity_and_race_in_censuses.png ), 
   this is n't about the tax authorities , but at about national statistics . 
  in sweden the natural organization to track this would be statistiska centralbyr\u00e5n ( scb ) they just compile the data afaik , the tax agency is who keeps track of were everyone lives and so on . 
  they are the ones i have to report to when i move anyway . 
   yes , you do . 
  i thought we did n't , that it was constantly updated ? 
  have any more info on this ? 
  good thing the kids will learn swedish at least.unlike their parents ... 
   how do you plan to provide the right circumstances to foreigners to be able to have a prosperous life in your country if you have no idea how much resources , manpower and infrastructure you 'll need to put in place ? 
  we keep constant track of exactly where everyone lives . 
  you have to report to the tax agency whenever you move . 
   how do you educate their children if you do n't know what language they speak ( and let 's be honest , i doubt that a significant number of migrants already speak swedish ) . 
  we do keep some track of languages of immigrants and asylum seekers for exactly the reason you 're talking about . 
  we just do n't do it for everyone in the country , i 've never had to report that for example , although i guess they do have my swedish , english and french grades from school . 
   how will they conduct their legal matter if you do n't know what language they are able to communicate with ? 
  if you do n't speak swedish or english you 're almost certainly tracked by the migration agency , and they do keep track of your language . 
   that 's separate from publicized data what do you mean ? 
  i think pretty much all data is available for people to see . 
   but telling what language they speak should be mandatory in order to have even the slightest change of having any prospects in that country .
