  then there 's all kinds of troll stories , i ca n't remember any in particular , and a lot of them have been mixed with childrens books and stuff like that , so it 's hard to know what is legit folklore and what is just modern remakes . 
  tolkiens trolls in * the hobbit * are fairly close to some depictions , large , ugly and stupid , and i think certain stories say they were sensitive to daylight as well . 
  but there 's also lots of stories of trolls looking like humans and basically behaving like a normal witch , in fact the swedish word for doing magic would be translated as `` trolling '' . 
  we also have `` tomtar/tomte '' ( plural/singular ) . 
  but they have gotten mixed up with christmas a lot , extra confusing because santa is called the `` tomte '' in swedish . 
  but usually in traditional folklore they are like house elves in harry potter , but just small old men instead . 
  there are traditions about leaving some food out for them , and they take care of the house in return , or something like that . 
  edit : actually , tomtar are probably the same thing as english/european gnomes , they look similar anyway . 
  edit2 : if you have n't read about it , [ norse mythology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norse_mythology ) is really interesting . 
  it 's basically modern fantasy , but thousand years old . 
  and most modern scandinavian folklore has it 's roots in that . 
   numerous gods are mentioned in the source texts such as the hammer-wielding , humanity-protecting god thor , who relentlessly pursues his foes ; the one-eyed , raven-flanked god odin , who craftily pursues knowledge throughout the worlds and bestowed among humanity the runic alphabet ; the beautiful , sei\u00f0r-working , feathered cloak-clad goddess freyja who rides to battle to choose among the slain ; the vengeful , skiing goddess ska\u00f0i , who prefers the wolf howls of the winter mountains to the seashore ; the powerful god nj\u00f6r\u00f0r , who may calm both sea and fire and grant wealth and land ; the god freyr , whose weather and farming associations bring peace and pleasure to humanity ; the goddess i\u00f0unn , who keeps apples that grant eternal youthfulness ; the mysterious god heimdallr , who is born of nine mothers , can hear grass grow , has gold teeth , and possesses a resounding horn ; the j\u00f6tunn loki , who brings tragedy to the gods by engineering the death of the goddess frigg 's beautiful son baldr ; and numerous other deities . 
  pretty cool . 
   people already have to wait in line in airports . 
  you ca n't just get onto planes without your id , luggage , ticket etc being checked . 
  i flew to and from france without them checking my id , had no luggage either , just the security check and the boarding pass check at the gate . 
  although i 'm pretty sure they were supposed to check it , just never did for whatever reason . 
  danes and frenchmen being lazy i guess . 
  not very relevant to this , but the people who get heavily involved in politics are rarely the people that would be best suited to rule a country . 
  i 'm not , but the people who are arguing against our current form of democracy have this as one of their main arguments . 
  it might be the same with the eu , the countries who put little faith on their own politicians may be more inclined to support the somewhat more professional-looking eu . 
  and to be honest , i do n't think normal people put that much thought into how exactly the democratic system works , they just like the eu more than their own governments . 
  if what lejeune dirichelet says is correct anyway , i do n't know if it is . 
  -- i think it 's just a case of people being dissatisfied with the way things are going and wanting change . 
  little to do with how things work or who does it , they just want things to get better , and the eu feels more trustworthy than their own government . 
  oh , i get it now , sorry , thought that was connected to the rest of the comment , which made no sense , which was why i wrote what i wrote . 
  oh well , forget all that then . 
   but i guess its a better narrative to claim it was only the immigrants fault , right ? 
  my ` narrative ' is exactly the same as yours , i just never delved into the reasons for * why * they started to use ` barbarians ' as troops . 
  and either way , what does immigrants have to do with anything ? 
  i guess you could see the tribes settling in the empire as that , but it 's not really the same thing as modern day immigrants , iirc a lot of them essentially came as entire semi-nomadic kingdoms ( or whatever ) , and remained their separate thing even after settling down inside the roman borders . 
  and if we do for whatever reason call them immigrants , then yes , they were very much responsible for the fall of the western empire , not all on their own , but they certainly played a huge role . 
  i know , it sucks :( well , for you anyway . 
   i imagine that people living in the conspiracy belt have such a pleasant weather that they just sit around and generating conspiracy theories out of boredom when people in the north are too busy to worry about the weather , prepare for the long winter and drink of depression  no , we work instead . 
   before that , wealthy landowners were the military . 
  during the republic that was how it worked , but that was before they became a real power . 
  for a few hundred years they drew their soldiers ( your standard roman legionnaire ) from citizens of the empire , i do n't remember exactly how it worked , but wealthy landowners were certainly not part of it . 
  the soldiers got payed and i think were given a piece of land somewhere in the empire after they finished their service . 
  the problem by the end of the western empire was that they enlisted migrating tribes from outside the empire to fight for them , and in turn allowed them to settle inside the empire . 
  these tribes then essentially took control of those areas that they settled . 
  i think this was the case with the franks in modern day france for example . 
  only writing what i remember here , it might be all wrong , someone please correct me if it is . 
  countries like russia , ukraine , most of the balkans and maybe even turkey has at least a bit of ( a lot in case of the balkans ) european identity , while not really a western one . 
  chechnya may be out of reach for that , i do n't know . 
  and while all of america is part of the western identity , they have very little european left . 
  it comes down to a shared history and culture , mostly due to geographical proximity . 
  the thing is that countries like new zealand has such strong ties to the uk ( despite ( or maybe due to ) geographical isolation ) that they have inherited a lot of their identity , and so possibly could be counted as having a european identity as well . 
  most american countries have by now mostly abandoned their old ties to europe to form their own identity instead . 
  but they still have their western identity left , since i believe that is a much more recent concept , and does n't rely on old historical and geographical ties as much as on more recent political and cultural ties after globalisation . 
  western identity may have spread to all of europe by now , i do n't actually know , but even then , european identity is still another separate thing which can exist below that . 
  mostly talking out of my ass here , but that is how i see these things . 
  det \u00e4r det som \u00e4r konspirationsteorin . 
  the us has it 's ufos , we have urs , unidentified russian submarine . 
  either way it would n't be `` suicide '' if he did n't intend to kill himself . 
  yes, 
  germany is a lot cheaper than denmark . 
  source : i 'm swedish -- you 're probably right though , but i still think comparing your prices to germany is a bad idea . 
  it 's the same bias in most countries . 
  you sound like some yankee who ' only knows the gods from one of them hollywood movies . 
  odin is pretty badass . 
  thor is overrated . 
  should start our own common currency instead , fuck the euro . 
  it 's still gon na have an outflow , it 's just going to be a river or narrow sound instead of the current larger sound . 
  it 'll turn into a normal lake instead of the weird lakeish gulf it is currently . 
  or as if we need more land in the north . 
  oden , vile and ve slew the giant ymer and created the oceans out of his blood , duh . 
   and i mean sure , swedish jokes are about how stupid norwegians supposedly are , but i 'm sure that in this age we are making more fun out of danes for their language than norwegians for how silly they are . 
  there 's like a couple of jokes about the danish language being silly , like saying they have potatoes stuck in their throat , but other than that i do n't really hear any jokes about the danish ( outside of / r/swarje and / r/sweden at least ) . 
  but we do have hundreds of jokes about norwegians not being the smartest bunch . 
  i 'd even say i 've heard more jokes about the finns than the danes . 
  did n't justin bieber get caught smoking in sweden too a while ago ? 
  we 're pretty `` backwards '' on nicotine and alcohol too . 
  state-owned monopoly on alcohol and very high taxes on tobacco , smoking is banned pretty much everywhere too . 
   but that is because you are connected to a continent full of binge drinkers . 
  implying the rest of the nordic countries are n't full of binge drinkers ? 
  we 're just as bad , the problem here was that instead of beer like you guys we drank hard liquor ... that 's the reason we got these alcohol monopolies in the first place . 
  before them we had the same drinking culture as russia ... 
  they still have more people , haha . 
  well , depends a bit on what you count as northern europe and northern africa , but still . 
  northern europe was poor and few people lived there , no reason for mediterranean countries to care about it . 
  northern africa on the other hand at least had people , not sure how rich it was at this time , but certainly richer than northern europe . 
  then you 'd need to fix that before limiting cars access to the city centre , it 's not just about removing car lanes or whatever , you need to build supporting infrastructure around it as well to give the cars somewhere to go . 
  the sistine chapel . 
  i mean , it 's still pretty cool , but it 's made up to be this really amazing thing , which i do n't really think it is . 
  there were other things in the vatican museum which i thought were much cooler . 
   but really everything is just busy and always full of tourists . 
  i went in november , was still quite a lot of tourists , but i thought it was fine , even though i normally hate `` tourists '' . 
  i could imagine it being horrible in the summer though . 
   also really did n't appreciate the aggressive advertising of waiters and bar staff welcome to every tourist destination around the mediterranean ever . 
   along with the annoying tour guides who would hound us to try to get us to go along with them . 
  and that 's why you do n't go on guided tours . 
   was kinda pretty tho . 
  5/10 would go again . 
  yep , and very interesting if you like history . 
  for anyone going there : st. peter 's basilica is pretty damn cool actually , at least huge . 
  but the queue can be insane . 
  either way , if you decide to go in there , i would definitely recommend walking up to the roof as well , as it 's probably [ the best view in rome ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/view_from_st_peters_dome_rome_italy.jpg ) , it was n't really advertised much when i was there though , just a small sign by the entrance . 
  also , those statues totally look like a rock band on stage from behind . 
   i was laying naked with no sheet most summer mosquito bites much ? 
  i do n't like america either .
