  am i not allowed here now ? 
  at least 2/3 of russia 's population is geographically in europe . 
  along with their capital and almost the entirety of their history . 
  also , for future reference , generally when people say `` central asia '' they refer to the - stans and maybe western china and mongolia . 
  russia is , if anything , in northern asia . 
  but you never hear that term because you can just say asian russia instead , or siberia . 
  where the hell is russia then ? 
  most are from the middle east afaik . 
  of the ones that people think is a problem anyway . 
  i do n't think people care much about american immigrants for example . 
   germany ( the most populous european country ) russia . 
  but yeah . 
  edit : rio and lima are also smaller than at least moscow . 
  lima is around the same size as london and paris though , so it depends on how you count there . 
  still , your point is valid , just correcting some facts , 
  i 've heard tallinn is nice , never been there though . 
  i was in the country for a weekend for an orienteering-competition , it was mostly severely depressing . 
  also all your food tastes like dill . 
  it felt like a more soviet version of finland , and that 's not really a good thing , haha . 
  you get like 10k orienteerers every year for jukola :d finland is sort of interesting to visit as a swede , it 's almost exactly the same as back home , just slightly more depressing and i do n't understand a word anyone says , haha . 
  estonia . . what ? 
   and the euro ** is ** a healthy currency . 
  for how long ? 
  and for the rest of your comment : 1 . 
  you 're just wrong . 
  i 'm tired . 
  something about interest rates and different fiscal policies . 
  i honestly do n't completely remember . 
  but still , you 're just way off actual reality here . 
  psychopathy ~ madness, 
  cultural differences are too big between eu nations for increased centralisation to work well . 
  while i am in favour of centralisation in some areas , like military , i think the euro is doomed to fail . 
  while countries like the nordics , or maybe some central european nations , might be able to create a stable economic union , it wo n't work with all of europe , there 's such a huge cultural difference between for example germany and greece that it 's not possible to govern them with the same economic policies . 
  and i do n't expect greece to completely rework how their society functions any time soon . 
  eu might work something out . 
  russia is not * that * strong . 
  yes , sort of , i can usually not point out on a map were iowa is though , more than the general area . 
  but i definitely know they are different states , and that idaho is up west in the mountains ( ish ) . 
  on the other hand sweden and switzerland have a lot more distinctive geographical locations than most us states . 
  also , they are a lot less important places than switzerland or sweden . 
  let 's compare gdp : idaho : 58 iowa : 124 switzerland : 712 sweden : 570 economically they are more in the size of georgia , north carolina , new jersey , ohio or pennsylvania . 
  that 's rank 10-6 of us states by gdp . 
  for more gdp comparisons , countries around the same size : saudi arabia , nigeria , poland , argentina , belgium , taiwan , norway . 
  sverige and schweiz , no problems here . 
  burg = castle ( ish ) so it 's not just something added randomly to names of cities , it has a meaning . 
  i think the `` as '' is just how their language works . 
  unless you for various mental health reason do n't have much appetite . 
  then you should eat when you need to , not only when you 're hungry . 
   disproportionately burden the lower classes with very little deterrent effect i do n't even know if we have taxes like that here , but i do know that i almost never buy candy or soda precisely because it 's so expensive . 
  and i 'm not sure we should classify eating healthier as a `` burden '' . 
  just because they are allied with nazi germany does n't mean they ca n't be `` freedom fighters '' too , as much as any other nations anyway . 
  and it 's not like finland did it primarily to help germany win the war , it was more a case of them having similar goals ( killing the soviets ) , right ? 
  that said i dislike any `` honoring '' of soldiers or that sort of thing , whether they were allied with germany or not does n't matter , i still do n't think they did something good . 
  oblast just means `` state '' or something like that ... 
   it 's overly reliant on tourism which would not be directly hurt by import/export issues . 
  in my ( admittedly very uneducated ) opinion , that is what could possibly save them . 
  tourism is just not necessarily going to fall that much just because the currency gets cheaper . 
  various other effects of that might cause it to do so , but at the beginning tourism could actually work as a stabiliser to the rest of the economy . 
  and i 'm sure you know this , but just to make it clear to other people . 
  imports would become a lot more expensive , and so the greek people would on average become a lot poorer . 
  which is why greece 's current trade balance plays a role . 
  you can see some parallells to what is happening/has happened in russia due to eu sanctions , oil prices or whatever has caused their economic downturn ( not very read up on it tbh ) . 
  different reasons but similar effects . 
  of course you ca n't compare the countries much further than that , entirely different conditions . 
  but yeah , the average greek citizen will have a shit time , at least for a while . 
  hopefully the economy would grow back up again , healthier than it is currently , because of the reasons ravingraven said , but until then it would n't be very fun . 
  and as always it 's much more complicated than this ( so do n't flame me out of existence for missing a detail ... ) . 
  that just means we 're cutting them down at a faster pace than we used to . 
  as long as we 're not cutting them down faster than they can regrow there 's no problem . 
  if we 're cutting them down too fast the only thing that will happen is that forest farmers are going to be in a financially tough spot in a few years . 
  the forests will still regrow because we are not replacing it with fields or anything like that ( the expansion of cities is probably the only thing taking land away from the forests nowadays ) . 
  since it takes like 30 years for a spruce to regrow , and even more for colder climates or for other wood , you ca n't say anything useful about the sustainability from just 15 years of data . 
  if you 're clever and has a lot of other data ( like land use ) you can make predictions , but not with just those maps . 
  -- found this while looking for some stuff : http://www.skogsstyrelsen.se/en/forestry/the-forestry-act/  regeneration felling must not be carried out until the forest has reached a certain age . 
  for predominantly coniferous forests , the age varies between 45 and 100 years . 
  quite a while until you can draw any conclusions from a map like yours . 
  -- if the change is due to cutting of previously virgin forest , it is indeed an environmental issue . 
  but that 's to do with biodiversity ( which has it 's own score in the original data ) , not forest cover loss . 
  we have pretty big issues with that btw , most of our forests being basically plantations and all that , not good for diversity . 
   but probalby 1 to 2 week well , haha . 
  just straight up driving to all these places would probably take that much time , would n't exactly have time to see anything . 
  actually look up how long it would take to go between places and think about the extra time it takes to find wherever you 're sleeping , food and so on . 
  and then add that on top of however much time you think you will need in each city ( depending on what you want to do ) . 
  i guess you could just wing it too , especially if you get a car , but then you 'll spend extra time on finding places to sleep and all that . 
  depends on how focused you want to be how much you plan . 
  but you should figure out roughly how much time you 'll need at least . 
  how much time do you have ? 
  also , / r/travel is pretty good at this sort of stuff . 
   and also how long would it take if we visit a least 3 interesting places in each cities ? 
  that would be at least 2 days for each city , including travel time and so on . 
  like if you 're going from amsterdam to copenhagen that 's most of one day gone just travelling . 
  and then you got to eat and stuff too . 
  and even longer depending on what `` interesting places '' you want to see , just looking at some buildings in venice is done in a day , but some things in like london , paris or rome could easily take you a long time . 
  so , uhm ... 40 days , absolute minimum . 
  my recommendation would be to trim down the list of places a lot and spend more time in each city , and/or seeing more things on the road between cities ( unless you have like months to spend , then sure , go ahead ) . 
  you should probably spend more time than a day in london for example . 
  and there 's so much to see between the big cities , just stressing through it would not be enjoyable at all , at least not for me . 
   also , as you said in your other comment about our forests being essentially tree plantations , and yet we get high grades in `` biodiversity and habitat '' . 
  we do still have some unspoilt forests though . 
  i 'm guessing that 's worth a lot .
