a bit more extreme version of crossing into italy from austria . 
  concrete slabs --  perfect asphalt is very noticeable when you 're driving , everything gets so quiet . 
  from what i remember , everyone in sweden i 've met who are out of high school and lives with their parents have said that they want to move out . 
  usually they only stay to save money/can ' t get a place of their own ( getting an apartment in sweden is difficult atm ) . 
  the only people i can think of that want to stay at home is people who plan to take over their families business , farmers specifically out of people i know . 
  i have n't talked to anyone like that though , but i know some who i would think feel that way . 
  i moved away from home when i was 15 , then moved back home for about 2 years when i was 20 because i could n't afford to keep my apartment at the time ( but still payed some rent to my parents ) . 
  then i started studying in uni , so naturally i moved out again ( actually have a steady `` income '' from student loans now ) . 
  -- reasons someone would be forced to move out : - parents kick them out . 
  - ca n't find any job/education near your parents home . 
  - i thought this list would be longer , but i ca n't really come up with something else ... 
  anyway , i highly doubt many of the people who move away from home here do n't want to . 
  --  moreover , this is n't only about moving out , it might also be about being unable to find an adequate partner , which is something negative . 
  being forced into finding a partner can also be considered something negative . 
  -- as someone above said , this map is almost identical to a `` young people not living at home '' map . 
  something that i would feel is `` negative '' about a large number on that would be that a lot of areas in a country would become almost empty of young people , because usually when they move out , they move to the big cities . 
  so the countryside has very few young people left . 
  this is definitely the case in sweden , and i know lots of people who dislike that . 
  but then again , would it be better to force people to stay ? 
  not that kind of single ... well , possibly that too , but the map does n't show single girls , it shows households with only one female ( and no one else ) . 
  damn you and your cheap alcohol , and in normal grocery stores too !, 
  well damn , you answer too quickly i was gon na delete that and add it too my other comment further up but you already commented when i deleted it ... now this looks stupid . 
  as long as you 're not from stockholm , then ignore what i just said . 
  never mind , you probably did already , no need to ask ... 
   seriously , i 'd rather take turkey , which followed all the rules and have tried for decades than a country which has a `` revolution/insurrection '' every ten years as if `` insurrections '' never happens in turkey ? 
  the people will be affected by that much more . 
  the rich can afford to pay 1 % more , while the poor does n't have that much more money left . 
  ( of course both can work , but one is considerably less painful . 
  you still earn a whole lot more money than he does . 
  to get the most taxes out of people while making the least impact , taxing the rich more is the most efficient way to go . 
  the rich can afford to pay more . 
  1 % of what a rich person earns matters a whole lot less to him than 1 % of what a poor person earns , even if it is a lot more actual money . 
  we see it this way : you have a set amount of money that you `` need '' to live comfortably , everything over that is just extra , if you get taxed a bit more on your extra bit does n't really matter because you already live comfortably , you still earn more money , it 's not like all of the extra income is going to taxes . 
  but what 's the cow population ? 
  anyway , the netherlands is one of the most densely populated countries on earth , not exactly fair to compare them . 
   ukraine did have a democratic election recently in case you were not aware , so the current government is legitimate . 
  the only areas that were not able to vote were those under russian occupation . 
  yes i am aware , but the old government ( who was also democratically elected ) would still be in power ( i think , they did n't finish the term at any rate ) if not for the `` revolution '' . 
  but i agree with you completely , i 'm just trying to show russia 's side of this . 
   the actual number of russian nationals are somewhat overstated - there are relatively small places where ethnic russians constitute an absolute majority - but that should n't be a determination of national borders . 
  europe would truly be a mess if every country was divided this way . 
  sometimes it 's reasonable for an area to break away after a process of consultation and a fair vote on the matter - scotland 's referendum being a good example , and the breakup of czechoslovakia being another . 
  there are lots of russian minorities , and i believe even ukrainians who are more pro-russia than pro-eu , even if only a few parts are rebelling , there 's still tons more people out there who are on that side . 
  but yes , there is no possible way to divide the country because of how mixed up people are . 
   sending militia and heavy weaponry into a country in order to force a regime change is hardly the same . 
  yes , it 's pretty extreme . 
  but it 's not like the eu and us was n't encouraging the rebels last time . 
  still , being the devils advocate here , sorry . 
  i do not agree with russia one bit . 
  but i would likewise not agree with the eu sending in troops , i think . 
  i might be able to change my mind on that , depending on how well ukraine can handle it . 
   how is it not in the eu 's backyard ? 
  well , it 's moving that way , but for the last few hundred years it 's been very very close to russia , and it still is , same as belarus , latvia and finland has done the move away from them , ukraine is trying to right now , there is a difference . 
  that is why russia are reacting the way they are , most of the population wants to work towards the eu , but there 's still plenty of them that are against that . 
  military intervention from us would n't be much different from what russia is currently doing . 
   if ukraine 's people invite eu support , we should give it to our fellow europeans who need help in stabilising their country and not just acquiesce or appease the russians because it will be uncomfortable to do the right thing . 
  i 'm all for that , but russia thinks the same way , a lot of ukrainians are against the eu ( obviously ) . 
  i 'm not arguing for anything here , just trying to show the situation , no one has more right than the other to ukraine , or less . 
  it would be neat if the country could be neatly split between the different groups , but that 's not how reality works , it 's all mixed up . 
  you got to remember , the current government is put in place by rebels , they 're ( in russias eyes at least ) no more legitimate than the pro-russian rebels . 
  -- if you want to know my opinion on the matter , i have no idea , ca n't see a good solution . 
  military intervention would probably work out somewhat well , but that 's also a very slippery slope . 
  what 's next , military intervention in chechnya ? 
   this is a job for the un and the eu . 
  it 's your back yard . 
  it 's in russia 's yard , not the eus . 
  the rebels took over and now tries to move ukraine to the eus yard , russia does what it can to keep on to it . 
  the eu do n't want to piss off russia , they are generally friendly towards each other despite their differences . 
  if the eu was to move in to ukraine , which used to be clearly within russia 's sphere of influence , there 's a very big chance russia would react badly to that , and we do n't want that . 
  neither russia or the eu wants to do anything towards each other , but both want ukraine on their side . 
  you 're welcome . 
  kids up to grade 6 can stay in school during the summers here in sweden ( at least where i live ) . 
  well , not actually school , because the people that are there are n't teachers , it 's just a place for the kids to stay during the day when their parents are working , and play with other children and stuff . 
  i remember being jealous of the kids that had parents that worked alot , because they could stay at `` fritids '' longer , i always had to go home early . 
  i grew up in a small town , my parents live in the same one still and i visit them regularly , i lived in another small town for high school , now i live in a bigger city for uni , but i might very well move back to a smaller town when i 'm done studying , depends on job opportunities and so on . 
  i especially like the small city near where i grew up , lovely place , could very well see me moving there when i 'm done here . 
  i 'm not ignoring them , but i would say a lot of sd supporters living in the big cities are . 
  they have this view about how sds popularity is because of the suburbs slowly turning into muslim ghettos and that it 's mainly the lower and middle class affected by that change who votes for them , and everyone else , the leftists and so on are just living their sheltered lives away from all the trouble . 
  while in reality i 'm sure a good part of sd voters are from smaller towns , not yet very affected by immigration , but very fearful ( maybe rightfully so ) they might become . 
  in fact they are also living in just as much of a `` bubble '' as the leftists living their comfortable lives in the centres of the big cities , away from all the trouble . 
  they vote on sd out of fear , not because of their previous experiences . 
  and they are especially susceptible to this fear because of how much of a hit the countryside and smaller towns has taken over the past years , swedish politics does not exactly favour us most of the time , they 're very stockholm centric . 
  not that there is necessarily any wrong with any of this , i 'm just trying to point it out , since it does n't match at all with what many sd followers believe , at least here on reddit . 
  they try to claim some sort of moral superiority in `` seeing how things really are '' , and everyone who votes for another party are delusional and the mainstream media is keeping information from them , and so on . 
  in reality most sd voters have a fairly mediocre understanding of the situation in sweden , they read the newspaper every morning and watches the news every evening , but that 's all they really see of the problems with immigration . 
  and as always with these kinds of things , it 's very hard for me to prove anything , as is proving the opposite . 
  but this is definitely my view on the situation , knowing how people generally live in the smaller towns and knowing where sd are the most popular ( those towns ) . 
  i do n't know about absolute numbers , but you can look up the election results for yourself by voter district , the places were sd are the strongest are smaller cities . 
  especially the big cities are their weakest areas . 
  so not every place is like that , and a lot of the places where sd are the most popular have a remarkably low immigration ratio . 
  the place i grew up in has barely any . 
  still 20-30 % voted on sd . 
  and i thought almost all the actual problems with immigrants were in places like stockholm , gothenburg and malm\u00f6 . 
  again , around were i grew up , blekinge , there is n't actually that many problems with the immigrants , people are mostly mad because they do n't want to pay for some lazy arabs sitting around doing nothing , and unemployment is already high , we do n't need more useless people . 
  violence and that kind of stuff is rare . 
  but it 's one of the places in sweden were sd has the strongest presence . 
  and again , they might have some very valid reasons , but no one , even within sd , agrees on what the actual problems are . 
  the situation in for example blekinge is very different to malm\u00f6 or some place like that . 
  edit : checked some [ statistics ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.39a9cd9514a3460772133ee/1438590072404/kommunmottagna+enligt+ersattningsf%c3%b6rordningen+2015.pdf ) , small towns do not take proportionately more immigrants from what i can tell , at least not consistently . 
  the municipality i grew up in has taken 131 people this year , totalt population is around 30 000 .
