  or do you say `` look , we 've been over this stuff before , we all decided the idea is stupid , drop it or get out . '', 
  basically , how many times must a stupid idea be listened to before we can agree not to give it airtime anymore ? 
  i wish someone could stand up and say `` right - timeout !!, 
  talk me through this and , importantly , name the person who suggested this idea to you . 
  we need to figure out how the fuck someone with your rank and seniority can be so wrong about something '' same with the moron who came up with the `` women 's bodies shut down due to legitimate rape '' crapola , whatever the fuck that means . 
  snake ?? 
  ok sure , so how is that different than the group representing the citizens ? 
  depending what european values are . 
  i think you 'd struggle to come up with a long list that is n't rediculously vague . 
  is n't this the same logic that makes the us electoral college so messed up ? 
  serious question . 
  uncomplicated ? 
  they may well grow them locally . 
  they produce their own bananas anyway . 
  that was a long , unexpected read . 
  depressing stuff , and way too recent for comfort . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  oddly similar to the logo for the england football team . 
  `` three lions on the shirt ... '' etc. 
  everything ? 
  surely you have to draw the line somewhere and let a professional use their better judgement . 
  how many referendums ( referenda ? ), 
  a year ? 
  i would suggest that we elect mps to make informed decisions in the best interest of the people , where the populous is n't able to form an expert opinion themselves . 
  otherwise we 'd have referendums on all items in government , which would be chaos . 
  last time this came up , i was reading an article similar to this : http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ireland-s-gdp-figures-why-26-economic-growth-is-a-problem-1.2722170 which describes at least two multinationals moving headquarters and declaring exports which do n't have much to do with ireland itself . 
  as it 's aerospace and apple , they 're big enough to make large percentage changes to the status quo . 
  would n't be surprised if some uk headquarters jump over the sea for various tax / legal / exchange rate reasons soon enough . 
  there 's some funky maths going on to make that happen . 
  various eu wide companies having their headquarters there tends to mess up the per capita stats . 
  rediculous growth reported , though `` the people '' will never see it . 
  conquered , but had no real wish to bring them home with us . 
  we 're looking at each other now , trying to spot the idiots amongst us . 
  `` the city '' is basically a separate country anyway . 
  until they start to be a drain on state healthcare . 
  there is presumably a tipping point . 
  ( unless the nhs is sending money overseas too ), 
  thank you , thankyouverymuch . 
  never can be too careful , especially online . 
  i 'm cool with it , crack on . 
  per hour or in mm fallen ? 
  i 'd take an hour of intense rain over 10 months of slow drizzle . 
  may have a minor affect on shipping , ca n't see the people of rotterdam being thrilled . 
  could just move rotterdam a bit , i guess . 
  i hear it can be anywhere ... 
  up as far as hadrian 's wall , at least . 
  dude , britannia rules the waves , or did n't you hear ? 
  salt makes the fish 'n' chips taste better . 
  civilisation is the home counties , and anywhere within 20 minutes drive of the m25 ( 45 mins in rush hour ) . 
  also we used to export civilisation to far away countries when the royal navy needed exercising , or if we saw the french stick a flag down somewhere warm . 
  what you have in europe is cheese , wine and lazy people who want our jobs . 
  try not to get confused . 
  i 'm happy to explain it slower and louder if required . 
  theresa knows what colour brexit is best . 
  incorrectly . 
  also , hyperlinks apparently . 
  committed , arrested , brought to trial , or convicted ? 
  calais , possibly ? 
  others that matter ? 
  would be interesting to see those two lists side by side . 
  the best type . 
  no clue , i 'm a brit with a french fianc\u00e9 and we 're googling ferociously , but getting nowhere . 
  will look out for the tv though . 
  oh yeah , all those are great , i 've watched through many times . 
  i 'd like a slightly different viewpoint , however , and with a specific european focus . 
  john and meyers specifically avoid the `` great man '' view on history , but a huge amount of european stuff was related to the whims and untimely deaths of kings / emperors / generals ... 
  great , thanks !, 
  finally i have an answer when people ask what i want for xmas . 
  pirates, 
  fyi , european history for dummies was confusing and all over the place , i would n't recommend . 
  if you find a book which does lay out history either geographically or linearly - please shout about it loudly !, 
  surely there 's a decent number of buildings taller than that . 
  there 's a whole system of who looks down on the other : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vxkltws9g0, 
  quick , buy shares in adidas !, 
  i did n't design it . 
  any distinctive adjective would be fine . 
  depends on their tax bracket , surely ? 
  unless there 's a few millionaires coming over here , to pay buckets of extra tax ( disproportionately high ) to go towards new roads / hospitals etc. 
  an entire iceland . 
  that 's why experts have a peer review process - it filters out the crap , resulting in information . 
  there is no way to be an empiricist on all things . 
  within a certain region , pretty much : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana, 
  total guess , but maybe you get less bhp now ? 
  are we not believing the telegraph anymore ? 
  which papers are considered ok now ? 
  that spanish village will never look or feel the same , ever again . 
  obviously . 
  that does n't disagree with my point . 
  i 'm not sure how you misread my point , minority opinions matter . 
  this should be very clear . 
  9 out of 10 people vote for gang rape . 
  i have voted at all occasions i 've had available to me , for the last 14 years . 
  the things / people i voted for have never been implemented / elected . 
  not once . 
  i , personally , am not being accurately represented . 
  and never have been . 
  that and the entirety of the rest of the [ twitter firehose ] ( https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/firehose ) . 
  i 'm feeling testy as this sub is full of `` the brits voted for brexit '' , when obviously * we * collectively did , but individually a large proportion did n't . 
  sorry for getting defensive . 
   the british want certain specific british people do - i would n't say it 's the majority .
