  this is amazing . 
  do you have more examples ? 
  or is there a googleable term for this ? 
  i 'd have thought most users would be on laptops nowadays , but i guess keyboard layouts were defined before that became a use case . 
  having to use shift to get to the numbers pisses me off . 
  are you really using the ^ more than 6 , or whatever ? 
   english on average is just way better to sing than most of languages really ? 
  both equally important in their own ways , i 'm sure . 
  swinging wildly from one extreme to the other is rarely the best way to live . 
  not when you 've cycled through a snowstorm for no reason , i 'd assume . 
  yeah , it 's the more funnierest . 
  eating my body weight in what appears to be a 19 course meal at the in-laws . 
  i 'm a brit in france , the differences are fun to discover . 
   content of newspapers , tv and radio was n't filtered by your likeminded social circles tabloid papers are directed at a totally different audience compared to broadsheets . 
  editors tailor stories / opinions / focus based on retaining their readership . 
  this very much promotes the creation of social circles within the traditional media . 
  the french . 
  isle of wight in `` the north '' , obviously . 
  i was also hinting at the implicit racism which ends up colouring conversations like this . 
  i mean , they 're only irish , they 're pretty much like us , no scary new languages or weird cultural differences ( other than the reason for their journey ) , so i can imagine people saying things like : foreigners coming over here , making our lines for nhs services longer ? 
  never !!, 
  wait , they 're irish ? 
  oh that 's fine , whatever , carry on . 
  i ca n't imagine the british public getting too stressed out about it actually . 
  given all the other problems people make a fuss about , this is pretty minor in terms of cash and `` man `` hours required , and i think the majority of people would agree it 's worth the hit . 
  there 's a chance that it 'll be the first sunny weekend of the year , as we have n't had anything but grey clouds since the previous october . 
  a long weekend and a chance to check out the local beer gardens is worthy of a day off . 
  you 're right , noone could give a shit what the `` real '' reason is . 
  i suspect people would actually get a bit upset if you suggested celebrating anything specific , because they have plans to be either sat in traffic , or nursing a hangover . 
  as a brit visiting my in-laws in nantes , i was really surprised how much graffiti of car number/licence plate numbers there is on walls . 
  the definition of ` brittany ' seems to have really frustrated some people . 
  as someone on the outside , the distinction seems pretty arbitrary , isnt it only defining the location of your nearest city hall ? 
   many people in your country are obviously dissatisfied with various policy areas of the eu it 's more that people are terrified of foreigners being all foreign and weird and speaking their scary languages and being different colours and wearing odd clothes . 
  also , there 's the constant unsettling feeling that somehow `` europe '' is costing us money , because taxes and the euro and those backward countries waaay over there who want our money . 
  it 's racism , or jingoism , out of being clueless about other countries and having zero interest in learning about them . 
  if they stay over there , and stay silent , our own little corner of the world will stay nice and pleasant and someone should put the kettle on already . 
   you can not have an opinion without at least having a basic understanding of the issues , can you ? 
  hahahahaha !!!!, 
  sorry , but noone i 've spoken to about europe has the slightest idea what they 're talking about . 
  it 's all gut feeling and things they overheard from something they did n't understand on the tv . 
  or the eu was so irrelevant in daily life it never came up in casual conversation . 
  in a way , i 'm pleased he 's avoided the daily mail readership pub conversations , which is the only way europe is mentioned normally . 
  the eu , and the euro has had effects on france which are impossible to miss . 
  a change in money , and bordering numerous other countries which you have free access to walk into and start working ... 
  it 's not so relevant to us in the uk . 
  going to ` europe ' requires a flight or expensive trains , and our money is likely to never change . 
  in day-to-day life , europe is something that happens to other people . 
  unless you 're strongly affected by tax or employment law strongly enough to know how europe changes any of it , there 's nothing to be gained by learning the date that croatia joined , or why switzerland did n't . 
  how much of that wine has an associated code of this type ? 
  orwell ? 
  except parking tickets . 
  to my mind , the warden should n't be allowed to slap a new ticket on the wind screen every time they walk past , if the car has n't moved in between . 
  i parked outside my own house with the parking permit * slightly * obscured , and went on holiday for 2 weeks . 
  2 tickets on my return . 
  so i assume an `` instance '' has a fixed length of time , sometimes ? 
  kinda what makes him so frickin dangerous . 
  now you know why young people in the uk are so pissed off about not being able to buy . 
  someone somewhere is making bank , but it is n't us !, 
  the city has more than just the corporations , there 's the guilds and history of the place . 
  that does n't just up and leave . 
  is that computer science or counter strike ? 
  i see , so if we 're counting people in large cities ( which is what the referendum did , unlike a general election ) , we 're actually at ~ 55/45 remain , which is a fair difference from the overall result - with the larger cities being more remain than the smaller ones . 
  to reword my original statement then , `` people in the major cities were more likely to vote remain , with an overall trend that people in larger , major cities voted to remain '' . 
  interesting , are you aware of any rankings by population ? 
  or is this 16/14 ~ = 52/48 ? 
  ok , just for funsies , compare [ who voted to remain ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/560/cpsprodpb/f2a6/production/_90081126_eu_referendum_maps_app_images_624_results_no_title.png ) against [ high population density areas ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/british_isles_population_density_2011_nuts3.svg/2000px-british_isles_population_density_2011_nuts3.svg.png ), 
  cardiff voted stay , most major cities did . 
  `` the bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy . '', 
  the sarcasm was in reference to my own comment above , in that it is not ok . 
  huh , in that case the weird takeaway near me is very proud of a very crappy score . 
  another person with facts and knowledge and such . 
  totally killing the brexit buzz . 
  in a similar vein , ` people 's democratic ' sets off alarm bells too . 
  it 's law , i think . 
  nooooooooooo ... ... 
  scrabble in your country must be fucking insane . 
  there 's no shortage , it could probably be managed and balanced if there were serious need . 
  from reading your other comments , i see you mean winter food to be specifically canned food . 
  in the uk our diet changes a lot in the winter , but cans are no more or less relevant at any time of year . 
  maybe jars of fruit jam would fit your requirement ? 
  i love homemade jams and pickles , especially with cheese . 
  according to the wiki it contains latex . 
  i 'm not convinced that it 's food . 
  why would you can it for winter if you were n't going to eat it ? 
  get out of here with your facts and such . 
  rabble rabble taking the country back etc. 
  please do n't make that word a thing ... 
  we 'll have the freedom to allow overfishing though , so it 's all ok . 
  they 're just threatening . 
  stability is boring , lets randomly slice chunks off the financial sector , to mix things up a bit . 
  who does n't love a bit of excitement when planning 5-10-25 years of investments ? 
  luckily my landlord has just agreed to let me pay my rent in integrity !, 
  also i collect integrity on my tesco clubcard , those loyalty points sure do add up fast !, 
  thankfully we live in a world where integrity is a real thing with true value , and not just a word thrown around to hark back to the good old days when `` men were real men '' and things were better than they are now . 
  i was just describing the similarity / contrast . 
  with the amount of weed over there , are n't the dykes always high ( along with everyone else ) ? 
  in the uk it 's more common to see mon-fri , but yes . 
  also tue can sometimes be tues , and it 's almost always thur . 
  people would flip their shit at the idea of germany having a pan-european army based around a german city . 
  fair or not , i 'd be surprised if it were suggested .
