  would only really be a problem if we had any connecting roads with the rest of europe . 
  you get some interesting road signs in the rest of the world though , where people are required to switch sides while driving . 
  sounds like chaos . 
  i take it you 're not a [ sad ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/seasonal-affective-disorder/pages/introduction.aspx ) sufferer then ? 
  it 's a very real thing , i know a few people who almost change their entire personality over the darker months . 
  i grew up in the south of england , we learnt more about pluto than we did about wales . 
  half decent pub on queen street , pretty good all-rounder for beer , food , music , sports on tv etc. . 
  you 're right , the artist has drawn at least one puzzle piece which would not complete the picture correctly if the puzzle was put together properly . 
  i guess it 's up to the viewer to decide what this means . 
  conversely , you could say that they 're trying desperately to make a flag of our parts which have no real ability to become one without extensive manipulation and untidy additions . 
  the materials are inherently inappropriate to make a flag out of , especially if you 've already run it up the flagpole while adding new bits . 
  if you stand far enough away , and do n't look too closely at the details of the implementation , it kinda works as a flag . 
  but it 'll be nowhere near as resilient as a real one , made properly out of the right parts . 
  that 's the thing about art , i guess . 
  everyone sees and interprets it in their own way . 
  unless the artist provides a long essay and discussion text along with it ( which is probably fundamentally against the point of art ) any outside interpretation will require a miriad of biases and guesswork to reach a conclusion . 
  as i said , there are great films of there . 
  i 'm sure the ones you 've mentioned are exemplary . 
  i 'm still not convinced that my original question was a stupid one however . 
  it 's very easy to think this guy with a bullet in his forehead may have been the main characters best friend for 99 % of the film . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have n't seen it . 
  other films are great . 
  sure . 
  have i ruined the end of this one ? 
  other comments say no , it 's not a big deal . 
  so , great . 
  maybe i 'll watch it . 
  i 'll probably add your suggestions to my ` one day watch these films if you have a rainy weekend to kill ' list , it sounds like they 're pretty good , and worth the time . 
  thank you for that . 
  ok this is more reasonable . 
  for reason of argument however , i think it 's not unreasonable to consider the following ... spoilers for old films . 
  big bad in die hard . 
  i mean , wow . 
  slow motion off a building . 
  you know all along he 's gon na go , but that 's the climax , and if you know it 's coming ... well it 's still awesome , but that 's kinda my point . 
  ark of the covenant , melting nazi faces . 
  film is still awesome one you know it 's coming . 
  unexpected , but they 're nazis , they were n't gon na make it to the end of the film . 
  usual suspects . 
  i 'd argue that film is old , really old , but it 'd still be a shame if someone stumbled across the ending ahead of time . 
  it 's kinda pivotal . 
  and who knows what a film is gon na do , going into it ? 
  a twist is a twist , it does n't have to be masterful , but if the film relies upon it to be great ... that 's all i wanted to know . 
  this is more of the answer i was after !, 
  i did n't know he was the ` big bad ' but even if he is , i hope this is n't the only scene worth watching in the film . 
  it is really weird that so many people do n't understand what i meant by ` is this scene important to the storyline ' . 
  the superiority of knowing the ending to an action movie is . . well whatever , who cares . 
  that was n't quite the question i asked . 
  yes , it 's an old film , but i still may watch it one day . 
  i was curious as to whether this was the big ending we 're guessing about for the whole film , or if it 's just a thing that happened sometime during . 
  have i just had the ending spoiled ? 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8036097.stm i 'm aware that data is over 10 years old , but the takeaway point seems to be that there are many , many ways to calculate who pays what and gets what benefit . 
  you can tell any story you like if you read the statistics from a certain angle . 
  italy moves around the tables just as much as anyone if you click the various buttons on there . 
  the text about farming subsidies is interesting too . 
  just that most businesses do n't expect to have to drop their prices significantly and stay competitive . 
  an international student brings in more money than a home student for the university , but they 'd have to seriously rethink their finances if they suddenly could n't charge as much per student . 
   everyone gets a say there 's a difference between having a say , and actually being listened to . 
  it should n't be shocking to people that we do n't want to be forced into something we do n't agree with . 
   there may be a more fair distribution of contribution to the eu budget when the uk rebate is gone . 
  is n't the uk still a net contributor , so you 'd actually have less money to share around afterwards ? 
  which is still more than a `` home '' student pays . 
  and people are surprised when we want our opinion listened to ... 
  go for it , give us another reason to look down on you !, 
  as with 100 % of everything . 
  shit ... 
  do it do it do it do it . 
  anything this woman says can be safely ignored . 
  where the hell do you live that you pay 60 % in taxes ? 
  `` can communicate like an adult with other adults '' should be one of the top bullet points on your cv , after `` have used your software before '' and `` have built your widget before '' . 
  estimated time of arrival ? 
  again , i can sort of see your point , but handing over cash to whichever army is currently controlling whatever area of ` not europe ' we 're focussing on today ... is unlikely to help people in any sustainable way . 
  also at this point we 'd also be bankrupting ourselves , for no real gain . 
  no , but that 's still largely the aim , as i see it . 
  so not actually the fault of anyone and then , of in fact the fault of 99 % of us anyway . 
  i get your point , but attempting to place blame is unhelpful at the best of times , choosing an entire country based on the actions of a few people 100s of years ago is achieving nothing . 
  that . 
  and it 's difficult to live on a diet of thistles in the first place !, 
  / s good luck in the rugby this weekend , old friend !, 
  woah , that sent me down a wikipedia rabbit hole for a while - thanks !, 
  coincidentally - given your flair i 'm just now noticing - denmark appears to have almost as many [ opt-outs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union ) of eu laws as the uk does . 
  do you feel the same stigma and anger about it as we do ? 
  what is the v here ? 
  phrases like ` common sense ' are useless it relies on a common set of ideals , culture , background and life experiences to be called ` common ' . 
  the uk spends billions overseas in aid , and getting the populous to cough up cash for charity is piss easy . 
  the only issue is when they turn up at the front door , and white-flight kicks in . 
  i believe as a nation we 're very happy to help out with such problems , as long as they stay ` over there ' . 
  but pointing fingers and arguing about how to allocate blame is soooo much easier than enacting lasting change to a difficult and nuanced situation , ca n't we just do that some more ? 
  awesome !, 
  you 're so lucky , let us know how that pans out !, 
  there is that whole ` blue banana ' theory ... ? 
  i think it 's a concerted effort to never really grow anything . 
  we do n't do a great deal which can be considered industrial , focussing way more on tech and services . 
  i know next to zero about it , but i 'm inclined to blame thatcher for it . 
  not so much in britain , by the looks of it . 
  do you know if this is full time , above minimum wage employment ? 
  i 've had sooo many emails from companies wanting software devs to move out to join their `` startups '' . 
  so what , word everything in the abstract ? 
  ` hey , imagine if people were to meet in that place at around this sort of time on that date , does anyone have an opinion on what that would potentially be like , if it were to hypothetically happen ? ',
