  tell that to the conservative party we all apparently voted for . 
  fines , import/export bans or limitations , new taxes , less power to be listened to next time any discussions begin on new subjects ... 
  that 's actually pretty interesting , and i see what you mean by `` old '' debt now . 
  hmm ... maybe there is some hypocrisy flying around here . 
  the tone of that piece is a bit weird though , it seems there is a lot of war-guilt in the answers given . 
  i 'd have to read more closely to formulate a new opinion . 
  crap - politics , economics and finance , spanning international boarders and potentially hundreds of years - you 'd think this would be an easier problem to solve . 
  edit - oh , the article is also 4 years old , so the debt has been re-jigged since . 
  i mean if you total up all those who * did n't * vote for them , it outweighs those who did . 
  so * we * voted the torys in ( still just an example ) , but it 's less than 40 % of the populous who could potentially be held to blame for whatever they do . 
  in fact a lot of people specifically did n't want them , but the voting system is n't set up to count that . 
  long story short - democracy is n't necessarily the single catch-all word which allows you to blame a whole populous for who is in power , and especially what they do once they have said power . 
  because lies . 
  i was attempting to offer a `` quick fix '' to make movement of people / money / resources / intellect ( educated , business types ) surge in poland 's direction . 
  you 'd need to make a high demand for something of high wealth , rather than hoping that a longing for home would fall upon a few young , mobile people . 
  in the uk it 's the housing market , the upward trend of which * must * be retained , so the rich can get richer . 
  this does of course rely on the idea that democracy actually works . 
  +60 % of the uk did n't vote for our new pm , for example . 
  is germany defaulting on its debt repayments ? 
  this is n't about having long term debts - every country on earth owes every country something , and always has - it 's about being able to pay the interest you promised to pay . 
  or at the very least , renegotiate convincingly . 
  or in extreme cases , start a war . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's been tried numerous times as a way to escape debt , with varying success . 
  i 'm not saying punish the people on the streets , i am saying it 's possible to make the higher-ups extremely uncomfortable so they realise they ca n't lie their way out of the problem , as has worked in the past . 
  artificially create a housing market bubble in poland . 
  you 'll have crap-tonnes of uk money from the baby-boomers in hours . 
  keep the bubble ( artificially ) inflated for more than 20 years , you 'll have rampant immigration , new births , a cycle of inheritance and competition on land prices , and suddenly the gdp looks more healthy . 
  entirely based on lies , but that 's not new . 
  there is social science research into how bids are created , and who is successful . 
  unsurprisingly , rich , educated , knowledgeable and * previously successful * teams of people do pretty well at securing future funding . 
  the uk gets a massive rebate because we do n't do farming . 
  could be that ? 
  just keep the money moving around , maybe people will forget where it came from , and where it 's going . 
  `` investing in the future '' is probably the type of title this was filed under . 
  a hope that eventually there will be an electric car and - look !, 
  - we already set up charger points for it !, 
  how forward thinking we all must be !, 
  alternative view point - noones going to buy an electric car unless they can charge it somewhere , so this falls under vital infrastructure which is needed if you want new innovations and technology to be functional in your area , to avoid it becoming a tech black-spot / backwater . 
  is anyone explaining to these 20somethings what they should be thinking / acting / working / talking like , which will eventually trickle down into actual fiscal security ? 
  that 's a pretty serious education plan , assuming you even know what and how to teach it . 
  the people representing a country 's people should n't take out loans they ca n't afford . 
  clearly , germany can afford to take the hit if this goes to shit , though they 'd probably hurt a bit , they could potentially even borrow hard to cover any shortfalls . 
  they can be trusted to pay it back . 
  this is why we have credit ratings . 
  ( though people can choose to ignore them as well ... ), 
  that 's terrifying . 
   how does anything get accomplished ? 
  that 's not how we government . 
  the actual building they meet in has less physical seats than `` seats '' handed out to mps , so if they all turn up , they have to stand around on the floor . 
  a tiny seat may be preferable in that case . 
  a bold , unusual stance for someone commenting in / r/europe ( sorry ), 
  it 's been designated as the world currency , and the pound , euro , yen etc are lesser `` reserve '' currencies . 
  ( technically the dollar is a reserve currency too , but it 's held to a higher level of trust , apparently regardless of monitored aaa + + + style levels ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reserve_currency basically it will always be worth investing in the dollar , because the day it is n't , all other currencies will have fallen over anyway . 
  there has been attempts over the years to reduce the buying power of various currencies , and it 's why we 're not using gold to back currencies any more . 
  london has a london inside the london which is almost it 's own country . 
  very weird situation there . 
  the price of the average house fluctuates all the time , with ( in the uk at least ) the increase in house price being expected to rise above inflation rates , and is therefore a good investment . 
  if anything messes with this trend , mortgages , and in turn any investments based on peoples ability to repay mortgages , many many people lose out . 
  even the suggestion that prices would n't rise as much as predicted can cause wobbles of uncertainty in investments , and suddenly no-one has a pension any more . 
  tldr - uk house prices , big biznez . 
  europe does n't have experience at doing war ? 
  people who do own property already would see demand go down , which is bad for rental prices . 
  the rich get richer with high demand and zero availability !, 
  courtesy of the european tax payer . 
  supply and demand . 
  it 's the way it is , and far too much is reliant upon it for things to be able to change . 
  that just means your currency converts badly , and the divide between rich and poor is wider . 
  in london , you 're not buying a house , you 're buying a high yield investment - which also happens to make a bit of cash via stupidly high rents to stupidly high earners willing to live in a 6 square meter box room . 
  property in london is seen as a way of shifting money out of other countries for tax reasons , which i am fairly sure happens in other countries too , but to nowhere near the same extent . 
  this is promoted politically too , as these daft house prices in london are keeping the property markets in the uk vaguely upwardly trending , which is pretty vital for our mortgage markets , and so the rest of the banking sector . 
  and we 're kinda big on that over here . 
  til the word benelux . 
  pretty cool , and makes sense in retrospect . 
  pretty sure it 's only ba that own their own planes , and it may not even be them anymore . 
  i meant the passenger planes dashboard , and we have ground based radar everywhere . 
  wikipedia has a section implying the us could be called a `` hyperpower '' , leaving the term superpower to the smaller guys . 
  not sure if that 's a good word for it , but there is an obvious step between the two . 
  that just started me down a long chain of wikipedia articles ( the fount of all knowledge ) , which seems to be stating that the only superpower now is the us , largely due to strength of currencies , economics , size of military forces/expenditure etc etc. 
  i 'm interested though . 
  using your definition ( and why not , the term seems pretty fluid in meaning ) is france or india a superpower ? 
  germany does n't have nukes , but they 're pretty influential in the right circles . 
  who would you ( as a country ) allow to build up forces strong enough to compete with the us ? 
  this is pretty much what would be required . 
  i think this would be seen as a threat to the us , and you 'd rather build the carrier fleets etc than let someone else end up with an equivalent force . 
  true , and i think we like to be able to punch above our own weight where possible . 
  i 've grown up basically considering us to be an `` ex-superpower '' rather than still holding that title . 
  probably my own view rather than any real basis on reality . 
  i think you guys are actually obliged to step in when various thresholds are reached , due to international treaties . 
  the burden of being on top i suppose . 
   uk , a superpower hmm , not sure about that . 
  still causes undue panic when the planes dashboard / air traffic control lights up with collision warnings . 
  says the guy with the ryanair logo on his flag . 
  can we get the foreigners to pay for it ? 
  the ` vlog brothers ' have many youtube channels , and their aim is to get info out there . 
  they talk a lot about the dangers of seeing history through the eyes of the conquering white man , while framing history according to both the big players and the socioeconomic stuff which works at a nation level . 
  seriously , watch it , and then maybe recommend it to others . 
  i strongly suggest working your way through john greens crash course world history in youtube . 
  great way to get the general gist of vast swathes of history and geography without it being too taxing . 
  in the uk it goes egypt  romans  henry viii ( multiple wife killing )  wwi/ii . 
  if your country is n't directly responsible for that mess , we 'll only have heard of you through personal private studies .
