  yes - can we please stop electing people for the lulz ? 
  it began with boris for mayor of london , and now we 're here . 
   trump ... is either doing a really , really impressive job of having his media team make it look like he 's genuine , or he 's just firing off whatever comes into his head . 
  both !, 
  http://varianceexplained.org/r/trump-tweets/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2016/08/12/two-people-write-trumps-tweets-he-writes-the-angrier-ones/?utm_term=.51e938a81722 statistical analysis shows when it 's him tweeting , and when it 's the intern . 
  observed as both different devices doing sending the tweets , and the content of the messages themselves . 
  i ca n't take my eyes of it ... 
  i 'm going back in . 
  the final words voiced by sean bean . 
  you 're allowing nantes in ? 
  what the hell are you mainlanders doing between 5pm and 2am ??? 
  tapas , one presumes . 
  ah , this is the explanation . 
  in the uk we 'd have had 2 + pints per hour for up to 9 hours by that point . 
  at approx 2am you play grab-a-granny and find something from the food group '' ... and chips '' . 
  i ca n't even begin to imagine how that would sound . 
  no : everyone has an idea , and here 's mine . 
  i never said it was definitive . 
  am southerner - enjoy annoying people by insisting the midlands does n't exist . 
  anything north of the m4 is `` the north '' . 
   and where exactly is the `` border '' ? 
  people can , and have , written long essays on this . 
  everyone has a different idea , but i think the line is actually a diagonal about halfway up . 
  and an edgy anonymous mask . 
  i like the idea of a soft drink made of squished smurfs , which somehow the rest of europe totally failed to notice you guys were drinking . 
  sounds like the bbc model . 
  we have a billion layers of burocracy to make sure their reporting pisses off everyone equally . 
  hence my confusion . 
  and the sun ? 
   is n't it the same in a way ? 
  nope , those who are struggling to find enough work may prefer to have more hours , if it means it 's easier to pay rent etc. 
  in english it 's definitely been both terrifying and fantastic . 
  like the classic use of awesome , which used to mean awe inspiring , rather than describing a hotdog . 
  i was over in reykjavik last november , just as the world went weird . 
  as far as i could see , the dollar , euro and pound were all trending downwards for that month , which made it a really bad time to be buying isk , and for mentally calculating prices of burgers and pints . 
  amazing country , stunning landscape , paid nearly # 20 for two fridge magnets in the airport . 
  and greater means `` more great '' as in better , rather than fun and enjoyable ? 
   for a greater struggle do i want a greater struggle ? 
  iceland really needs to sort it 's currency out . 
  surely at some point the number of tourists which can afford to visit will run out . 
  it 's more a ratio anyway . 
  as the highest number is ~ 100 , you could treat it as a % of the maximum . 
  it 's the less well off people who are now able to travel due to decreased costs of staying overnight somewhere . 
  there 's a bar halfway up , does that count for anything ? 
  how much is pointless spike at the top ? 
  i wish this list was `` tallest places a tourist could feasibly go up and take a photo from '' . 
  glass softens this much in 50 degree temps ? 
  that suggests i could make one by boiling a kettle . 
  nope , it 's too soon , it still makes me angry !, 
  damnit i want to be able to laugh at the classic british understatement !, 
  this idea now exists in the universe . 
  it was n't there before , and now it is . 
  people who fly english flags ... well , i would n't ever fly one anyway . 
  i like the british one , it 's quite pretty , but i have no real need for flags generally . 
  it makes me angry . 
  congrats on creating emotional art . 
  mrs may wants the uk to have its own internet , chinese firewall style . 
  fecking scary . 
  that was the old ways . 
  now the re-education is subliminal , by subtly adjusting what media is available to us , and ensuring online echo chambers achieve nothing more than tired memes . 
  think how we feel , being represented by these people . 
  difficult not to , at the moment . 
  there 's nearly constant elections for one thing or another . 
  pretty . 
  apathy and/or impotent rage . 
  got a slightly more recent example ? 
  i do n't have any information , but i 'd expect the uk to still be involved militarily in europe . 
  long live lloyds !!, 
  recently proven to be unkillable . 
  `` the bank is dead , long live the bank ! '', 
  - rbs corporate motto . 
  i 'm sure baccardi , carlsberg and strongbow can have a decent stab at it . 
  if inbev does n't have a battle plan , i 'd be shocked . 
  i do n't think the welsh need another reason to dislike the english . 
  having a dead dragon on one flag and an alive one on their original one ... sets a poor narrative . 
  on the flip side of the coin from the other brits in this sub - i 'm english and had no idea is was st georges day , and had to check a calendar to see what day it was . 
  it 's so unimportant i 've already forgotten it . 
  if it was a bank holiday , i 'd probably care more and have learnt more about it . 
  but the fact the brits name our days off after the damned banks kinda shows where our hearts really are ... 
  another two countries , if you 're counting countries as voting blocks . 
  damn right . 
  we should ask everyone 's opinion on things , regardless of their education or level of understanding , and treat them all as equally important . 
  racist grandma opinions are 1:1 with those of high court judges and lifelong scholars . 
  it does n't have to be . 
  just remove all those awkward checks and balances which are getting in the way of growth and job creation . 
  having recently suffered the shock of a referendum gone wild , maybe people will pay attention to this one more ? 
  or just say , `` fuckit , i do n't care anymore , all you fuckers are just gon na ruin things regardless of my vote '' . 
  might be time to buy shares in inbev . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  we 've only known about it for 2 hours and i 'm already bored . 
   / r/casualuk hahahaha that picture on the page footer . 
  excellent . 
   there 's so little time to prepare and campaign . 
  precisely . 
  leaves the opposition totally up shit creek without a paddle . 
  3 minute talk with average voter , etc etc. 
  i guess as long as it 's tourists interested in seeing the world and experiencing new things , rather than just heavy drinking somewhere warm , that could be a good thing ? 
  is it considered that vital to connect the two ? 
  i guess the border crossings must be a local irritation , but it 's it worth the huge undertakings this solution requires ? 
  well , i was entranced , but understood basically nothing .
