  this looks like a jpg , do you have the original gif ? 
  so anything short of a terrorist attack is fair game ? 
  no , arrest people for criminal damage / violence . 
  you 're good at insults , you must be right . 
  noone in the uk knows who that is . 
  we do n't even know ( or care ) who our own local mps are . 
  we have a vague idea of which party we like , but noone knows what they stand for ( and they lie anyway , so it 's pointless reading their manifestos ) . 
  an eu talking-head appearing would cause even the lovers of europe to tell the foreigners to stay out of uk decision making . 
  has anyone polled on this question ? 
  i bet a huge number of people would be happy to stay in europe if the borders kept the foreigners out . 
  at least from the scary countries they ca n't point to on a map . 
  wait , it 's real ? 
  that 's some impressive mental backflips you 've managed to do there , congrats !, 
  no worries , thanks anyway !, 
  vaccination ... 
  this gif has gone , do you know where to find it elsewhere ? 
  that 's why london is in demand , it will be the last place on earth to pop . 
  you might be right there . 
  we do n't feel european , but we are in the eu and currently have the ability to steer the boat a bit . 
  it 's not emotional , it 's ` means to an end ' . 
  you 're speaking on behalf of ` most of europe ' , so you 're either guessing , or you have some facts from somewhere . 
  i 'd say we have a long term view of what 's best for the uk too . 
  mostly financially , and yeah i 'm kinda find with that . 
  the eu handholding thing should n't affect my ability to pay rent . 
  i 'm voting to stay because i think we gain from remaining , and would lose both hard and soft power by leaving . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to be selfish about the future leadership of my country/countries . 
  citation needed . 
  has there been a europe wide survey across all demographics on opinions of a brexit scenario ? 
  or are you in an echo chamber of people with your own opinion , and suffering from confirmation bias ? 
  well said . 
  personally , i want to remain in , but i do disagree with several of the aims of the eu . 
  it 's a real shame it has to be in/out as it removes all nuance to issues , and apparently negotiation is a non-starter . 
  the benefits of staying in and the penalties of leaving are , hopefully , enough to sway the undecided vote though . 
  ` better the devil you know ' , status quo , stability , retaining close connections with trade partners etc etc. 
  honestly i can see another referendum within 10 years though . 
  now you 're just throwing insults . 
   leaving the rest to rot when it matters obviously if you define the actions of others in this way , you can validate the use of other terms like `` desertion '' from there . 
  except neither terms are appropriate here . 
  it 's all hyperbole . 
  counter-productive to what ? 
  whether the population of one country can point to the other country on a map ? 
  it 's more significant when a man has women on his shirt . 
  though that was a pretty odd fashion choice , it was enough to stir up the media . 
  london might as well be a different country , the demographics are so far away from the average . 
  nasty . 
  which flavour of * nix , and which make/chip wifi ? 
  i have n't heard of any issues in years . 
  xorg , gnome , unity bullshit on the other hand ... 
  you 're very behind with your knowledge . 
  these issues were solved in about 2006 . 
  you 're old enough to remember olde english ? 
  shit , they 're onto us . 
  did country borders exist before humans drew them ? 
  i do n't see your point . 
  this man does not represent me . 
  i never voted for him or his party . 
  we glorify that ? 
  who have you spoken to that is proud of any of this ? 
  you 're tarring a lot of people with the same brush here . 
  but do n't other countries mix national pride in with `` we won this , that and the other war / territory '' ? 
  does france have to deal with this stuff too ? 
  you guys have islands all over the place . 
  while i do n't disagree that the tories are almost entirely full of it - i 'm worried that the atrocities of the past are being used to insult the people of today here . 
  it 's not really a new team . 
  it 's the old team , but those on the bench are now on the pitch , and those on the pitch have been retired . 
  it 's still the tories in power , and cameron was the spokesperson for that party . 
  the tories ca n't afford to go against what they `` promised '' , or they 'll lose voters . 
  ( which is apparently far worse than ruining the country . ), 
  i meant this as , print media is dying , why ca n't it hurry up and go already . 
  except for all that unprofitable 4th estate stuff that 's vital for democracy ... 
  ms may will sign off on anything , apparently . 
  against her own wishes and the better judgement of the experts . 
  the idea that no deal is better than a bad deal is insanity too . 
  i 'm constantly surprised that newspapers are a thing . 
  you 'd think online views would be the predominant metric for news gathering nowadays , so we can separate people who `` only buy it for the sports pages '' can be obviously picked out in the analytics . 
  which is such bullshit . 
  i hate that this can be an excuse to pay into a system that distorts truths and ruins lives for headlines . 
  there must be other sport news available somewhere . 
  there is a really strong white flight vibe to it all . 
   asos this is weird , i had never heard of them . 
  though i find new clothes stuffed behind bins or accidentally left in train stations , so perhaps i 'm not the target audience . 
  now i understand why in the uk they kept the o2 name after the buyout . 
  sounds like the brand is n't worth too much in credibility . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ebay proves you can in fact sell cheap shit anywhere you like . 
  legality is another matter , of course . 
  it depends if anyone 's actually looking . 
  this comment thread . 
  controversial is putting it mildly . 
  so many internet shitstorms over it . 
  r/badhistory basically has a monthly discussion and rant about it . 
  neither do at least 48 % of the uk . 
  godwin 's law , great . 
  well hopefully we can hold governments to a higher standard than this . 
  you miss my point . 
  if it 's been discussed previously , there is no need to discuss it again . 
  in this instance , this sort of crap was discussed about 40-140 years ago . 
  to your mind , how would such a debate end ? 
  would they argue forever , agree to disagree , or come to a decision about who was right ? 
  and then later if a similar idea were proposed , do you debate again ?
