  you ? 
  but this is all wishful thinking , and i 'm rambling . 
  i 'm hoping that the current stance of ` avoid telling anyone any facts about what leaving the eu would actually mean for anyone in practical terms ' - as was used magnificently during the scottish referendum - will scare people into sticking with the status quo . 
  have n't been whipped ? 
  does that even happen anymore ? 
  oh yes , inside and outside the uk i think considerable fuss will be made . 
  basically , everyone needs to stop making decisions , it 's freaking everyone else out . 
  therefore d&d is cool , assuming coolness is transitive . 
  technically they 're addressing the speaker , not each other . 
  * rocks out on air guitar *, 
  might explain ours too . 
  just replace every word with ` bread ' and the last line with ` with cheese and wine ' . 
  it really is rediculous . 
  i 'm fine with having a monarchy , but singing about nothing but that feels really weird . 
  also the song itself could not be more dreary if it tried . 
  similar to the ` englishman , scotsman and an irishman * go into a pub ... ' type jokes ? 
  * or welshman , if we 're feeling charitable and wan na give them a mention . 
   scandiland nice . 
  one to add to cgp greys video . 
  i 'd love a scot to chime in and correct me , but is n't it their anthem as well ? 
  they have a variety of songs which have approximate anthem status and usage , but i 'm not aware of any that have been ratified as an official anthem . 
  which is insane really . 
  their rugby one would do just fine if that 's what they all agree on . 
  and then just mentioning one thing , over and over and over . 
  i think you 're doing shotput wrong ... you 're not supposed to * aim * , as such . 
  if it 's any consolation , we really do n't notice/care . 
  the france watering fields with the blood of foreigners though ... hurumph . 
  purely off what i 've seen , but the polls always suspiciously seem to match the stance the newspaper reporting it wants to take . 
  i , and most people i know , have jobs which directly relate to either relations with or finance from the eu , and the area i live in receives a lot of eu funding also . 
  i do n't trust either of our likely political parties to ensure such funding would be replaced and retained long term . 
  for me , and most 25-35 year olds i know , leaving the eu would not be good for our economic future or job security at all . 
  fair enough , i knew there was some technical opinion they had stated on the matter . 
  i 'd go the other way with it . 
  so many businesses and banks have said people will suffer financially if we leave the eu that people will vote for the status quo . 
  did n't spain pre-veto that , as it sets a bad precedent for catalonia ? 
  i would n't listen too closely to the polls . 
  can you imagine the carnage ? 
  are there laws against voting while off your tits on lsd and/or cheap tins of carlsberg ? 
  from what i 've seen , denmark has almost as many opt-outs and caveats in their eu promises as the uk does . 
  i wonder if the uk does leave if other nations will follow shortly afterwards - assuming the uk does n't fail immediately . 
  remember , it 's possible to buy a ticket to somewhere nearby , then borrow the plane for the rest of the distance . 
  stv , and force the creation of coalitions with peoples second choices , rather than the next biggest party after the first round . 
  maybe ukip got 11 % of peoples first vote , but i doubt the rest of the population would have them as their # 2 . 
  the current system is a mess , and we should realise that and figure out a solution that works for the most amount of people . 
  wait , if people voted they would outnumber the people who vote , because people do n't vote ? 
  that seems a bit circular . 
  australia worked well in the past , lets try that again . 
  number of seats do not proportionately represent the number of people who voted for the party . 
  i mentioned that there to indicate i knew it is a problem to be faced , but it is not the main point i was making . 
  so you 're saying that the only way anyone would ever know they were n't reading lies , is if they read the same story from 3 different sources and check which two correlate most closely , assuming that all 3 are n't lying or colluding ? 
  that 's insane . 
  if the media has the ability to produce proof they are telling the truth , they can print whatever they like ( national security notwithstanding , but that 's a different rabbithole ) , but the media enjoys a lot of freedom and access , which could easily be revoked if they 're not set on telling the truth . 
  for example , the government could stop sending press releases to certain newspapers until they start proving themselves to be reliable and honest ( or follow the established party line - another rabbit hole ) basically we already have a system which is full of holes , but at least we can hold the media to account when they are actively publishing incorrect information . 
  every year . 
  i never realised that , but i do get a kick out of spotting him wherever he pops up . 
  his `` englishman up a hill , down a mountain '' one was good too , especially as i 'm english living in wales , that story is mentioned every now and again . 
  colm meaney was o'brian !, 
  surely people would recognise him ? 
  also con air , hilariously . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  i meant more like homosexuality , or sex outside marriage , or abortions , or anything where a consenting adult is not in control of what happens to their body . 
  eeep !, 
   christianity is mostly inoffensive unless you do bad things with your naughty parts with the wrong people . 
  then your life can become very difficult in certain social circles . 
   europe has a tendency to fascism assuming that statement is true , is it implying other nations do not ? 
  you 've definitely done something wrong , hang on a minute while we decide what it was . 
   inconvenience that 's ... almost impossible not to do . 
  this comment caused you all to scroll down the page slightly further than you would have . 
  i have persistently posted on reddit for 4 years , possibly causing such events to happen on multiple occasions . 
  sorry for the inconvenience . 
  that was n't a threat , it was an example of a phrase or statement . 
  you ca n't give out actual death threats . 
  of course they 're within their rights to sit on the front porch with a shotgun and wait for the actual threat of death to appear in front of them , so perhaps it 's ok to leave it a while to see just how `` credible '' things were . 
  did someone just google `` average london wage '' and `` average london rent '' and figure that one is 3/4 of the other ? 
  whereas all the ` they took our jobs ' and ` build a wall ' posts are so mature and well thought through ? 
  i 'm tired and fed up of the same bullshit time and time again , so i phrased my comment in such a way as to highlight my exasperation with the state of the conversation on these important issues . 
  snarky and bitter is exactly how i feel , and it 's only going to get worse as we get closer to the election . 
  yes , how could someone with high relevance , status and hundreds of advisers in the international community have anything important to say about britain 's position in the international community ? 
  that 's just crazy talk . 
  some knee jerk reaction that thrusts us into the unknown and away from our trading partners , alienating our neighbours and adding insecurity to the business sector . 
  everyone likes uncertainty , right ? 
  anyone who speaks against it must be stupid or evil !, 
  it 's just common sense , people . 
  what happened to good old common sense ?? 
  opinions on borders and trade which worked in the 1920s , or overseas in drastically different environments , are far superior to the calculated decisions built over numerous decades to meet modern requirements . 
  new law - everyone must have a job !, 
  anyone contravening this law must report to the job centre weekly for ritual humiliation and bureaucratic time wasting . 
  well that sounds terrifying . 
  i was an embarrassingly old age before i realised there was even something i did n't know about - if that makes any sense . 
  like , you have to know there is something to know , before you think to go and learn it . 
  that sounds dangerously close to the `` known knowns ... '' bullshit , but hopefully the reasoning is n't the same there . 
  i 've never met an english person who hated the irish . 
  anecdote ! = data , etc etc , but still . 
  that 's no less crazy . 
  the time in greenwich would be greenwich mean time +1 , forever . 
  why not just leave it at 0 ? 
  would n't it be better to remain gmt +0 and not switch ? 
  moving to +1 forever seems needlessly complicated . 
  yes , france , please be like your best friend britain , and switch to the time zone they 've named after themselves !,
