  like all difficult things , the trick is to put the worst of it in the title . 
  what happens in the body of the text is always open to interpretation . 
  if there was a viable opposition , they may be more worried . 
  even predicting the year it 'll happen is difficult enough , let alone what will actually happen . 
   they can make may utterly impotent . 
  fine by me , her other ideas are terrifying . 
  the ones who voted to leave are unlikely to be the ones marching today . 
  i 'm sure they performed a survey of all those marching before writing that . 
  are you assuming that the people marching are the ones `` too stupid '' to realise what they were voting for ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  it 's not about overturning it , it 's about making sure that any future steps keep in mind the opinions of very-nearly-half the country . 
  while the commonwealth is a group of equals , it pretty clearly has queeny at the top , so we can feel superior about that . 
  give me a large % of your money , we 'll see if you get happier . 
  for scientific accuracy , i 'm happy to repeat this experiment as often as you like . 
   spaghetti strainers you 'll prise it from my cold dead hands . 
  cardiff , the least welsh wales . 
  and the m4 is a straight shot to london should you feel the need . 
  personally , i like the house prices here . 
  that goes through birmingham . 
  noone wants to do that . 
  i would say , introduce a drunk glaswegian to a drunk texan and see how many vowel sounds they share , but they would bond forever over a mutual hatred of southern england / new england . 
  so , a politician ? 
   and britain were the patriotically blind guys stupid enough 52 % of us were . 
  i doubt it 's  50 % now , but apparently we 've learnt that democracy is more important than common sense . 
  apparently we 've all decided we want it , even if we do n't know what it is . 
  democracy , everybody !, 
  i do wonder what the next scapegoat will be . 
  i expect the brexit event itself will be blamed for everything for the next 5-10 years . 
  ok , put another way : having a handful of people earning enough to pull up the average is not the same as the whole country suddenly having better wages . 
  a large company entering or leaving a country can change some statistics pretty drastically . 
  for example , there are counties in the uk where the average wage is very high , because there 's a handful of nuclear power station technicians which live there . 
  the rest of the county however scores very low compared to the average . 
  basically , we ca n't extrapolate something from a shade of green . 
  as the percentage of inflation is higher than it 's possible to save at , incomes are stagnant , and these pension guarantees remain in place - it 's almost like we 're paying old people to vote in their best interests , at the expense of everyone else . 
  this is the generation who own all the houses , actually have pensions , and were able to find jobs in their youthful years which did n't require a phd , 4 years experience and a 9 month internship in order to pay rent . 
  often with only a single person earning an income per household . 
  ( incidentally , until recently our train ticket prices were allowed to rise above the rate of inflation , meaning every year less people could afford to us them . 
  it 's this kind of short-term gain thinking which will ruin us . ), 
  and then they voted to leave !, 
  btw , be careful with such figures . 
  gdp , or other similar stats can be heavily skewed by large companies using countries with small populations as tax havens / business addresses . 
  bbc 's more or less episode on irelands crazy income rise of 26 % : http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p0428q1t, 
  they vote . 
  also , there 's this `` triple lock '' bullshit , which ensures future votes . 
  http://www.pensionsadvisoryservice.org.uk/news/prime-minister-to-protect-the-triple-lock which , bearing in mind the boe base rate is now 0.25 % ... 
  oh yeah , that 's always possible . 
  but it puts more demand on those pots of money , so more research teams will be declined funding there . 
  unless local research has a huge injection of funding to make up the shortfall . 
  ( while we still pay into europe but do n't win it back again , for 2 years ) worse , and more long term , is that looking locally does n't leverage the teams of people who have worked well together for years and have built up capacities and competencies together as a multinational team . 
  so it 's not just the money , it 's the experience and abilities that these groups of researchers have together , which is now in unknown territory , and will suffer because of it . 
   there is no reason to assume there wo n't be access to science funding people are already reacting to the unknowns , so the damage is done regardless . 
  researchers , such as myself , spend up to a year planning a research bid - which includes finding industry partners , writing a proposal which fits the requirements etc. 
  we 're already losing this time , and money , whether we 're supposed to have access to it or not . 
  we 've lost access to european research opportunities for our universities - an area that the uk has been excellent and extremely cost effective in . 
  even for the next 2 years , when we should still be eligible for funding , we 're being overlooked as poisonous to add to a research consortium 's project bids - an already highly competitive area . 
  there will be a gap in funding for our top talents , and the ability to access top minds across europe is curtailed , at a time we are supposed to be going-it-alone . 
  genius . 
  as for the uk being responsible for it 's own spending ? 
  show me an area the uk is n't critically under-funded in . 
  the eu had long term plans to improve things , while our current governments have been cost cutting for almost a decade . 
  also , laughably , we 'll end up accepting immigration and other caveats that people dislike in order to remain in the single market , but will lose our voice when it comes to voting , ratifying or amending anything . 
  another genius move . 
  go team . 
  but do n't worry , i 'm sure signing our lives away to china will solve the huge hit the pound took against the dollar , making imports 10-15 % more expensive overnight . 
  our international trading was well prepared for that hit , i 'm sure . 
  but the ftse 100 is up !, 
  so someone , somewhere is making money . 
  as long as hargreaves lansdown is on the up , i assume all is fine . 
  our ownership of lloyds tsb will pay off any day now . 
  luckily we have a super strong manufacturing base to take advantage of competitive export pricing !! ... 
  there are just as many strikes in academia . 
  it 's a bit worrying that you seem to feel that things have to elevate to strike action before people can be listened to . 
  why is it entitled to feel that an area the uk excels at should be looked after ? 
  why do things have to reach breaking point and involve lobbying government before even the status quo can be retained ? 
  why , if you have so much faith in the democratic process , do our democratically elected officials remain silent on future plans for the uk , to the detriment of all of us ? 
  high quality scientific and research output does benefit the country as a whole ... 
  we 're researchers , not political activists . 
  why should we have to lobby government and somehow change the democratic system in this country just to ensure the finance and access to experts we already had ? 
  research output is basically the only thing the uk is good at on the world stage . 
  we have so many top rated institutions which were already running on next to no budget ( compare the us funding model for similar levels of impact ) , and then we get crippled like this . 
  it should be obvious to government that it needs protecting . 
  by get in line , i guess you mean sit and rot like everyone else . 
  we can all trust that the system will work out fine for us all if we just wait silently for a while . 
  that takes time to arrange , and a government willing to make decisions and put out statements quickly . 
  none of that is happening . 
  so during the time of uninformed limbo , we have a gap in funding . 
  this is happening * now * , and will have ramifications lasting years . 
  it does n't get as far as even applying , consortiums do n't add uk institutions to the bid because they perceive it as being a negative down the line . 
  some grants have only 2 % success rate for application anyway , and they take months to apply for . 
  dropping the uk participants is seen as the logical choice to improve your odds . 
  it was a knee jerk reaction to the rise of ukip . 
  the tories had to address that . 
  so really , it 's farages fault . 
  so there is # 350 million available for the nhs ? 
  right , your day to day experiences of these things probably are n't that representative of the average redditor . 
  i would guess . 
  there are still a lot of buildings that are not relatively modern , and the differences are essentially invisible to the average user of a plug socket . 
   you can jam a euro plug into a uk socket if needs be you * can * , but you absolutely should not . 
  many thanks . 
  hmm , that file 's a png , so it still is n't animated like the original .
