  what would you go with , if you had to remove ` republic ' from the name ? 
  czechiland would have been way better . 
  no confusion with russian satellite nations at least . 
  czechland , czechany , czechily , czechania ... czechypt . . 
  there are probably other options . 
  i was hoping to hear a variety of different ways of hearing that word pronounced . 
  [ of course !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxopviu98xo ), 
  with alcohol . 
  i think that 's pretty mandatory . 
  you tease, 
  there 's downvotes flying around on both sides , because apparently that 's how we show disagreement in these threads . 
  i 've basically stopped considering the number of votes as being relevant to anything in such threads . 
  there does appear to be a lot of bs thrown about in an attempt at balance . 
  `` here we have industry leaders , banking ceos , government ministers home and abroad , researchers , and a variety of other sources who say leaving the eu would destabilise currencies , employment and trade . 
  for balance , we asked the opposition what they think of these statements . 
  they said they 're shit . 
  also it was the immigrants . 
  more at 11 . '', 
  if we 're discussing it in / r/europe , surely others with their trigger fingers on purse strings will be paying even closer attention ? 
  it might be the observer problem . 
  because they measured the problem , and commented on it , they changed the situation substantially enough to invalidate the original prediction . 
  maybe ? 
  no idea , but if anyone 's paying attention here and their actions change because of it , there 's probably argument that they 're affecting what they 're measuring by measuring it . 
   manifesto promise from before they were elected because they were courting the ukip vote . 
  noone with any knowledge of how to run a country / economy actually wants to leave . 
  it 's their job to disagree with things . 
  they disagree with things . 
  surprised ? 
  predicting the future is not exactly a trivial thing . 
  what 's of more importance here is the instability and insecurity this would add to a market which hardly welcomes such things . 
  my focus was more on the parents , and if they eventually get married , and if there are any correlations to be found there . 
  ( maybe parents get married within a few years of having their first child , before the second ? ), 
  ` illegitimate ' seems like a word with a lot of stigma and baggage attached too , i suspect many would find it insulting . 
  the overlap between the two groups could be interesting to study . 
  also food distribution requires international agreement on a wide variety of things . 
  it does n't work like that , otherwise we 'd all just have savings accounts . 
  pensions are more like investing using future money people have n't earnt yet . 
  but more mouths to feed . 
  there 's probably an equation with an ideal number of adults needed to feed however many children up to an age they can join the labour force . 
  i will have to keep this for use in future !, 
  i know far too many people who murder the language . 
  do n't put the tea bag in too !, 
  that 's fantastic !, 
  well , either would work really . 
   nearly 1/4 speak french and 1/10 speak german . 
  studying in school does not mean they can speak it . 
  and even if they can say a few words , they ca n't understand anything said to them . 
  i 'm wondering how long it 'll be before mining rubbish dumps for recyclable plastics becomes economically viable . 
   checks and balances i regret using the term . 
  i meant it purely as `` check they are doing what they said they would '' and `` balance any actual harm they are doing with some good , if possible '' . 
  i think the shouting at each other is just for the cameras anyway . 
  surely they 're not really discussing anything , or have a chance of their opinion being swayed during all that . 
   compromises are how real life works ok , but once in power a party does n't have to compromise any more , they have 100 % of the say in how to carry out 100 % what was in their manifesto . 
  so we can have a parliament where ~ 35 % of people agree with ~ 50 % of a manifesto , they vote in 51 % of the seats in parliament , who then have 100 % of the power for 4 years , and nothing short of fights * within the party * can result in a change of direction . 
  if i have a problem with anything , i can speak to my local mp , who is motivated to follow the party line more than to listen to me ( which is fine , i am one tiny voice ) - but if there are  50 % of locals in my area who believe in a thing , the mp still is n't obliged to listen to us , for at least 4 years . 
  the only motivation is job security during those 4 years , and re-election hope for the following 4 years . 
  nowhere in there is a requirement to listen to the voice of the majority during the term they are elected . 
  this does n't sounds problematic to you ? 
  no , not as jingoist as all that . 
  i do n't require them to be like me - just that i 've never met them , and it 's non trivial to speak to them . 
  and although i could call , email , write etc , that system does not scale if everyone suddenly decided to take an interest in how the country in run , and wanted to communicate with our representatives . 
  and , as has been noted elsewhere , it 's not their role to guide politicians towards or away from any specific path anyway . 
  yes , ` checks and balances ' is an overloaded term , i was referring to a system to ensure our elected overlords actually do what we want them to . 
  while the lords et al do have their place in the system , none of those mentioned are likely to be in my social class , demographic or neighbourhood . 
  not a representative government with appropriate checks and balances ? 
  i 'm worried that there 's an underlying idea that the populous ca n't be trusted to make good decisions , so that burden has been removed entirely . 
  i wrote dictator and then amended it to ceo , to remove the stigma of the word from the overall message , and to imply the corporate aspects of political parties . 
  but yes , that is the general gist i was going for . 
  there is probably another title which appropriately describes the role . 
  not a popular opinion apparently , but it 's good we can have the discussion . 
  i get what you 're saying , but to me it just does n't work like that . 
  you 're saying that people ca n't be informed enough to vote in a referendum , but they should be expected to read all the manifestos before an election ? 
  and what if i agree with 45 % of the stance of one party , but massively disagree with another part of the same document ? 
  we 're forced to weigh up the pros and cons of multiple manifestos , and at the same time perform a cost/benefit analysis across each of them , before voting for a party . 
  which of course may not actually adhere to their manifesto because 3.5 years later the world has changed and compromises have to be made . 
  so the party we vote for gets carte blanche to work inline with their promises , but there 's no structure in place to hold them to account if they veer away from it . 
  other that voting for the other party 4 years later , and hope they do n't do the same . 
  which of course they will , because you ca n't promise something 4-8 years before you enact it . 
  we have a system and , long and short of it , i believe it could function better . 
  ok , the aim was n't to be edgy , it was too vent frustration . 
  i am well aware how the current system works , and i am less than thrilled by it . 
  i want online petitions to not be worthless , to increase the number of people included in discussions . 
  i do n't want to vote on parties , i want to vote on issues . 
  and the idea that the pm does n't control the direction of the party ... 
  cabinet reshuffles happen , anyone who wants to keep their job and/or status tows the party line or becomes a back bencher . 
  ` be happy with it , or get out ' ? 
  nice . 
  precisely !, 
  ` we gave you two options : one we refuse to put the effort into making look nice , and will in all probability be less good than what you currently have , who knows ? ... 
  or : stay with what you 've had for ages , with whatever irritating problems come with it , except now we can blame the voters for a few generations ! ', 
  i mean , it 's practically win/win . 
  if they had the silver fern as an option that could have been decided in an afternoon . 
  but some intellectual property / trade mark / copyright thing ruined that idea , and all the other options were crap . 
  democracy , everybody !, 
  from what i 've seen , we get to take it in turns to vote in one of two political ceos , who can then take it in turns to jerk off bankers . 
  but , what would be really nice , if we close our eyes and wish really hard ... would be for us to have more than just a vote , and actually have * a say * in how democracy in the uk will work . 
  like if signing online petitions were actually acted upon , rather than temporarily paid attention to and then quickly discarded . 
  or if we had a prime minister that over 50 % of the people actually voted for . 
  none of our pms names have ever been on a ballot form i 've ever seen .
