yes . 
  that and hungary too , i find . 
  how is adopting a law from another country different to making a new one ? 
  the wording of it would still have to go through the same scrutiny , and checks to ensure it fits with other laws of its type . 
  possibly just to gauge opinion in advance of an actual binding vote ? 
  hey , in a free and equal world , everyone has the same right to be as ignorant and opinionated as everyone else . 
   c grade semi-pro politicians i 'm guessing that finding out what this means would make me both sad , confused and/or angry . 
  so 47 % of people actively looking are already employed ? 
  london was n't always this ... volcanic , was it ? 
  a few points then : i believe that if the waste issue could be solved , the technology is safe enough . 
  europe is n't on any tectonic rifts , we do n't get tidal waves , and enough oversight should negate the issues of people attempting cost-cutting and low-bidding for such management contracts . 
  and i think there should be nationwide , if not europe-wide facilities in place to remove radioactive waste from being an issue . 
  take some tax money , an old coal mine , and bury the entire problem under a million tonnes of concrete . 
  repeat as needed ... 
  i quite like the idea of burying it in tectonic subduction zones , so over thousands of years it 's sucked down into the earth 's outer mantle , where it would be radioactively inert by the time it re-emerges . 
  a very cynical voice in my head suggests dumping waste in areas we 've already accidentally made radioactive , as the damage is already done . 
  i do n't really have a guess as to the volume of waste we 're talking about though . 
  coal is by far the cheapest power source still , end-to-end , but this wo n't necessarily remain true in future . 
  if the taxes for emissions rise , these companies will be left with `` waste '' which is difficult to store and expensive to deal with . 
  in fact , the smoke from a coal power station is more radioactive than the waste from a nuclear power station ( citation needed ) . 
  carbon capture systems are seriously expansive , and there is still not enough pressure on companies to seriously use them . 
  end-user cost is a somewhat variable feature through all this . 
  i would never expect prices to go down , but they may not rise as quickly . 
  at the very least , having nuclear in the mix would add slightly more competition to the marketplace . 
  ( cue tin foil hat price fixing `` conspiracies '' ) . 
  the south of england was entirely forest before henry viii decided he needed a navy built of a large amount of wood , but the people of today would really prefer less air pollution from burning things , i think . 
  after all this , i 'm basically not convinced that the other `` renewable '' power generation methods are able to fill the power requirement gap . 
  i want electric cars , trains , etc etc to be powered without a dependence on turning fossil fuels into the air we 're breathing . 
  we actually have electric cars now , but we 're waiting on the switch to more eco-electricity . 
  i do n't understand the lack of nuclear power stations , surely if anyone could build and run them properly , it would be you guys ? 
  where 's the fear ? 
  or will attempt to complete a larger land-grab before the deadline . 
  i 've always thought of them as tasters . 
  as in , buy 3 different beers of that size , to work along the bar a bit faster . 
  i really want this to be true . 
  568ml = 1 pint , in the uk . 
  although the french insist on `` demi '' sized glasses , which is a half pint-ish , so 1/4 of a litre . 
  information is dangerous !, 
  you must learn through trial and error out in the real world !, 
  i know the central train station is , at least . 
  unlike those in portugal , which are weirdly desolate . 
  every year britain floods , and every year people are surprised , and every year we build more housing estates on flood planes . 
  ( i have no problem with buildings , we need them , and flood planes is all that 's left really ) but i ca n't help but think - `` look , dutch people less than 500 miles from here created a country out of a sea !, 
  ca n't we get a few of the over here to check out our water issues , maybe see if they have a few suggestions ?!? '', 
  maddening . 
  there 's associated risk with everything , and a level of management required for everything . 
  got a link to that analysis ? 
  i have n't found anything negative yet . 
  can someone eli5 the difference between : '' economic and financial affairs , taxation and customs '' ( france ) and '' financial stability , financial services and capital markets union '' ( uk ) ? 
   government has successful it projects impossible . 
  ca n't be done . 
  surely ? 
  is the stopping of wife beating really `` feminist '' ? 
  i think i 'm in the group of `` do n't beat anyone , for any reason '' , really . 
  australia would n't want them either . 
  you want to start a cult ? 
  your collection is impressive , and from all over !, 
  90 % of ours are from europe , only 2 from business meetings i 've had in the us . 
  none of them are gifts though , there should be one from every city we 've visited in the last ~ 8 years . 
  there 's another shard one , top left , which i found in the ground-floor gift shop having bought the other one at the top !, 
  did n't seem worth getting the refund , probably should have done . 
  would have been better lighting , but my kitchen strip-light blew about 45 mins ago . 
  missing a magnet from faro , due to shitty magnets being shitty . 
  close to needing a larger fridge though !, 
  pretty much what i was saying . 
  the majority of people will obviously be in a bar when it is busy ( by definition , unless some odd statistical distribution is in place ) , so cash payment is generally preferred to most people . 
  pubs are still largely cash payments . 
  only if the bar is very quiet do you be `` that guy '' who pays with card when there 's 20 people waiting behind you . 
  saying that , contactless has been around for a few years now , and can be faster than cash . 
  unless it 's one of those bars which only has one card machine , hidden at the back somewhere so the staff has to wander off with your card for ages ... 
  i had n't thought about it like that . 
  the net effect is that today there is a mix of the two in both languages , though from time to time there must be major and/or minor swings for various geo-political reasons . 
  movement of aristocracy from france to england earlier on , and the international effect of american culture is obviously felt today . 
  the effect of french on english is probably more ingrained due to the time periods involved , which is apparently the reason english has multiple words for the same thing , fancy and non-fancy terminology , put crudely . 
  ie beef and cow , which in french is boeuf for both . 
  ( i think ) it seems you have more of a knowledge background to pull upon here , however . 
  woosh, 
  it helps to find out at least a small amount about who you 're trying to converse with , in order to know how best to reach them . 
  otherwise we 're all just shouting into the void , assuming everyone else out there is roughly similar to ourselves , as we have to assign at least some image to a person when we start to interact with them . 
  i understand your point , what i think is less clear is the line at which these ... `` rules to live by '' , become `` human rights '' . 
  i think i 'm yet to convince myself that there is a true list of rights which are separate from social and cultural influences . 
  and i do n't know how human rights are distinct from the rights of any living creature . 
  essentially , i like the idea of a set of rules we can all agree to , so we can avoid being dicks to each other , but this is always going to be a construction by politicians , lawyers and other social groups within a hierarchy of influence and ability to enforce them . 
  perhaps it 's already been proven that `` human rights '' definitely exist - i doubt there will ever be a consensus as to what they are . 
  in relation to saving people from drowning and then sending them `` home '' , this could be argued as being more of a public service . 
  it would be just as easy to watch them drown , and avoid the inevitable problems which would occur down the line . 
  `` morality '' may persuade us to try to help , but it 's not a completely unavoidable compulsion . 
  so , if human rights do exist , we 're not necessarily bound to them anyway . 
  that took me a second to figure out . 
  wtf , without t 's and h 's , nice . 
  i suppose this is the difference between learning the words , and learning the nuances of their usage in different environments . 
  this is undoubtedly cultural , and ca n't be learnt purely by practising speech . 
  as far as i can tell , this is crux of the problem . 
  if we 're defining our own ( and by `` we '' , i of course mean our overlords ) this goes against your original point that they are `` intrinsic '' to being human . 
  they ca n't be both intrinsic and be mailable and open to interpretation . 
  are they truly `` human rights '' , or just the rights we currently have , enforced by the state ? 
  being dutch is cheating though , you guys all speak hundreds of languages , and are just so * cool * about how you deal with other cultures . 
   lingua franca , and english won heh . 
  i love how language can create ironies such as this . 
  this will sound cocky , but really i just think it 's funny - especially knowing how england and france have traded language for millennia , and still have these curiosities .
