bit of an oversimplification . 
  i do n't know why i `` she 'd '' . 
  appears that ~ ~ s ~ ~ he did n't . 
  regardless , point still stands . 
  bless proportionate representation . 
  when you give people the lesser of two evils pick , do n't be surprised when they do n't pick what you thought . 
  you must live on the edge . 
  2016 is a strange year . 
  seems like an improvement to me . 
  or use your brain and use the correct wording . 
  a belgian speaking french * obviously * is n't a frenchman . 
  a canadian speaking english * obviously * is n't english . 
  a brazillian speaking portuguese * obviously * is n't portuguese . 
  then use the proper wording : `` you speaking spanish . '', 
  you are * obviously * implying that he * is * spanish . 
  is he though ? 
  he said he has the passport to migrate to some country in europe , never said he was spanish . 
  100 grams for every 100.000 euro transaction . 
  why the fuck do people keep ignoring us ? 
  - china . 
  i respect the dalai lama and the fight he 's committed to , but unless something goes * seriously * wrong with the communist party ; the status quo will remain firm . 
  in comparison with size ; romania does n't actually receive * that * much . 
  they 're just ` cleaning up ' their economy big time . 
  moderately off topic , but that island is beautiful . 
  i really need to visit it . 
  mandarin chinese is the most widely spoken native/1st language in the world , close to 15 % of the worlds population uses it . 
  it is the most widely spoken language in the ( soon to be ) largest economy in the world as well . 
  it is definitely a language that will be useful in the future . 
  has n't it always been the otherway around ? 
  i thought the more yes the more green/blue on a map , and the more no ; the more red . 
  literally this article : `` ceta is taking a bit longer than usual , so britain will profit !, 
  that 's just disgusting . 
  the nerves ... waste of good towels though . 
  lol , how common is this ? 
  if i see a towel left on a beach i 'd think somebody forgot it or something . 
  ridiculous to think that you can `` reserve '' a spot on a beach . 
  ... guess from where we `` import '' them . 
  this might actually be our second chance at seeing parity in 8 years . 
   imagine having a country nearby that already speaks english . 
  with a huge airport of course . 
  and port . 
  and weed . 
  and excellent infrastructure , both physical and digital . 
  high standards of living . 
  weed . 
  probably / s, 
  every little unused plot of land , is going to be filled with buildings within the next 10 years . 
  i 'm seeing * expensive * hotels pop-up near the a10 . 
  amsterdam is kind of growing like a flower , everything will gradually be pushed outwards from the city-center . 
  lower-class suburbs are becoming more middle-class , and the entirety of the grachtengordel culture as we know it will extend past the singel and will become upper-class only . 
  i now understand why they kept building the new subway . 
  i 'm holding on to my hat , because we 're going full gentrification . 
  ya know , just in case china stops paying you guys for digging your land . 
  this guy got some foresight . 
  and the house keeps crumbling down ... 
  its junker . 
  you 'd be surprised about the shit that he keeps pulling . 
  i believe that they are mandatorily issued post-service . 
  close , he called them `` ge '' . 
  no , it sounds like politics . 
  something we 'll all get a lot of the coming years . 
  i completely agree on the strasbourg issue , it is the pinnacle of bureaucracy , seriously . 
  move another eu institution there or at least do something useful with it . 
  exactly . 
  most of the western world , including ( especially ) the english speaking nations are high-income/gdp/development and extremely trade oriented . 
  culture , language , etc all have some influence over trade , but in the end its all about where and how , one can sell products . 
  the fewer barriers there are , the easier it is . 
  obviously , hard facts do n't win referenda . 
  loving the random uncooked pasta just laying there . 
  wew lads . 
  and the ride has just begun . 
  yup , and there are barely any stars visible here ... 
  let us wait until tomorrow . 
  could it be that different people , have differing opinions ? 
  per capita they produce more . 
  its not about legitimacy . 
  both organizations adopted the flag . 
  as i stated before :  the public views that it represents the union more strongly than the continent . 
  wikipedia usually is n't a valid source , but read the first three sentences of the article . 
  the flag of europe has become the strongest symbol of the union . 
  because there was no continental organisation that adopted it . 
  almost every european country is a member of the coe ( belarus is n't ) . 
  and they adopted the flag in 1955 , long before the eu came into existence . 
  hey , is n't this like the same thing that happened with scotland ? 
  that suddenly got westminster to start conceding things ? 
  ** edit : ** wow that was 2 years ago , it feels like last month . 
  no , they are absolutely right . 
  the flag has first been adopted by the council of europe ( not to be confused with the european council , i know confusing . ), 
  in which almost every state on the european continent is a member . 
  reality is that the public views that it represents the union more strongly than the continent . 
  a combination of both . 
  if everybody had the capability , than everybody would have a university degree , would n't they ? 
  this is the reason why we let other people inform us , and in the case of the brexit debate ; if one side keeps ` confirming ' the gut feeling and the other side does n't even bother to properly fight back , then you get a one sided debate . 
  its an inherent flaw of our nature . 
  but the way you worded your sentence is as if you are blaming the british public for being misinformed . 
  fact is : most people do n't do research , they simply believe what whatever authority confirms their `` gut feeling '' . 
  no , thats an improper claim . 
  people believe whatever the higher authority tells them . 
  if you 're repeatedly told the squares are bad , then you 'll hate squares . 
  picture 4 is quality,
