   i still do not understand why literally everyone is heading for amsterdam . 
  its simple : they like the city . 
  honestly thought this was a parody , and hoped for a `` psych '' at the end . 
  share with us how you get some of that glovabication . 
  good rice for decent price please . 
  i 've gone on a holiday there a long time ago . 
  the portuguese , absolutely know about fish . 
  with a centre-right government being in charge ? 
  i bet you the vvd is keeping this in the back of their head . 
  i do n't know who the `` we '' is your sentence but i do know that * you * wo n't do shit . 
  brits , its been a pleasure having you lot in the union . 
  imho , best option if we start paying off debt in preperation of brexit . 
  nobody knows what kind of deal the uk gets but regardless , there is solid chance that we get hurt the most on the mainland . 
  please tell that means that i can get good rice for okay prices . 
  masterful marketing . 
  it 's an entry-level beer with globally recognized icon . 
  simple , yet effective . 
  in one sentence : it is the most future proof fighter of all contenders . 
   poverty to portugal is there a difference ? 
  ^ ^ ^ j/k, 
  the locals would know more of that . 
  in the few times that i 've been there , i did see two tanks being used as a memorial . 
  are you referencing the battle of the bulge ? 
  a large portion of the `` border light '' are actually walloon cities . 
  the `` dark spot '' is most likely the ardennes . 
  wich is hilly and forest rich . 
  you 're overestimating the average country 's electorate . 
  in this case it 's simple : `` eu wants more power !, 
  ? , vote us for a clear no ! '', 
  eh you lads are just making up for the famine . 
  with france ? 
  must be the language or something . 
   people choose to live in the good and wealthy past instead of facing the reality of present . 
  this way of thinking is spreading , unfortunately . 
  i 'm seeing you all over this post but you 're not really contributing anything . 
  why the hell are you just stirring shit up ? 
  i can only try to imagine how you can ` accidentally ' shove a baton up person 's ass , and believe me i 'm disgusted that i 'm actually trying . 
  and replace them with ... ? 
  even the most southern end of limburg has * nothing * i could consider mountains , so unless you 're from one of the antilles ( ~ ~ which i would struggle to call mountains aswell ~ ~ okay saba is higher then i expected . ), 
  i 'm gon na be arrogant and claim to speak for us both . 
  for us , yeah probably . 
  * ah * , ' t was just an ill-faited attempt at a joke , mate . 
  tl ; dr : tl ; dr : you 're like belgians with mountains and more money . 
  til i should n't just put random produce in there . 
   or you can just accept you do not have an argument left . 
  would it be smart to bring a spare tire , when traveling the world in a 4x4 ? 
  would it be smart to have a small fire extinguisher in your kitchen even though you have a smoke detector , even if you could call the emergency number ? 
  `` man i should invest all my savings into stocks of this one company . '', 
  said no smart person , ever . 
  sure , the majority of people do not . 
  but those who are prepared stand a better chance . 
  you never challenged my argument for spreading our chances . 
  `` eh we 'll do something about it . '', 
  * this way of thinking does not work . 
  * contingency planning would n't be necessary otherwise . 
  hell , you yourself probably realize that there is no sure fire way to prevent every single extinction event , whether man-made or out of our power . 
  i repeat , it is always better to spread your chances . 
   can  could could just accept the fact spreading your chances is always a smart thing to do . 
  it 's too close . 
  and then came an asteroid . 
  it is . 
  depends if you take inland water into consideration . 
  this is more up to the member states rather than the union on a federal level . 
  regardless , other cities european need to see this as an opportunity to compete with london in the financial sector . 
  truth is this would take a long time , but i hope that my city ( amsterdam and region ) can actually reap some benefits out of this mess . 
  the telegraph, 
  thank you . 
  there were black people in that video , and that 's impossible because there are no black people in europe . 
  yeah but nigeria i surrounded by an array french speaking countries , which are growing just as fast or faster . 
  bbc reports : it has crashed . 
  isn ` t selective breeding the opposite of natural selection ? 
  that \u00b4 s not message he wants to convey . 
  good . 
  complete revelation and recognition of the past is essential for international relationships between colonial nations and colonies . 
  on a side note : this is why germany is liked by its neighbours , and japan is not . 
  when did they ever say that they hated the united kingdom ? 
  this confirmed my suspicion that belgian roads were n't bad , just that we 're used to the best . 
  they do n't need to convince the eu of that ; they need to convince the turkish people . 
  ... bet a nut that you posted this just to make that joke . 
  i was about to be optimistic but then i realized that the british exit of the eu probably was n't factored in . 
   perceived pronunciation this joke right , fam ? 
  not with that attitude . 
  til there are carrier fulcrums . 
  fits . 
  most of it flat and/or swampy . 
  to be fair , in the nl we are also `` forced '' to buy into private insurance . 
  it 's just that if you have a lower income you get a small `` remittance '' to pay it off . 
  `` an attempt at levity to `` sweeten the bitter aftertaste of brexit '' left one german mep in a * jam * this week . '', 
  first sentence ... 
  extreme parenting, 
  eyyy , guest list if you have connections . 
  bruh forgive me , i 've seen places that look exactly like leidse in germany and the uk . 
  besides , i usually go out near rembrandt or the outskirts ( fokkin tourists driving up prices . 
  do n't worry that only lasts 4 beers . 
  yet i 'm about 90 % sure this is amsterdam . 
  and this is why every dutchman 's first stop is in luxembourg . 
  `` but what about italy ? '', 
  `` just put some random uncooked pasta over there man '', 
  doctrine changes are `` updates '' as well . 
  tank heavy large brigades of the cold-war era , are being traded for more swift `` lightweight '' military structures .
