  he knows how hungary 's trading situation stands , same as hungary 's army . 
  he 'd never risk it . ), 
  meanwhile , uk , the westernmost of west euros , actually already did vote to leave , and they 're in the process of doing so . 
  what more needs to be said ? 
  perhaps germany in particular wo n't be the one to break this thing if it gets broken , but i bet my left kidney that * one of the west/rich euros * will do it if it happens . 
  thank you professor , i 'd have never known there 's no such thing as total safety if you had n't shared this bit of wisdom with me !, 
  now that we 're done being condescending , to continue ~ i feel that introducing a `` gun nut culture '' here would decrease the levels of public safety we have . 
  `` you never know when you 'll need a gun '' , yes that 's very reasonable - except it is n't , the odds of getting attacked are so ridiculously low , you may better start carrying a fire-extinguisher around , more likely you 'll find use for it in your lifetime . 
  there are drunks . 
  there are idiots . 
  there are macho-men , there are lunatics . 
  most of them `` resolve their differences '' with their bare fists , so large harm is rarely done . 
  legalizing a gun-toting culture would give all these people legal and easy ways to carry guns around . 
  no thank you . 
   when his safety is on the table , he wants to have an army nonsense again . 
  if any of eu countries were attacked with a mass-war invasion , juncker could get himself to the other side of the atlantic in a matter of hours . 
  he 's not proposing to protect * himself * , that war would never reach neither him , nor his country . 
  there are some ptsd folks here . 
  ok , they 're a statistically small share of the population . 
  so seriously now - i never feel unsafe here in any way , including walking around alone at 3 am . 
  that feeling would probably be damaged if i knew that xy person * might be carrying a gun * . 
  guns are different from knives or whatever ( though again , violent attacks - period - are very , very rare ) , because the odds of avoiding getting shot are much worse . 
  i simply refuse to find myself in a situation where i 'm buying a gun `` to protect myself '' , because `` these other folks probably carry them '' . 
  i resent you saying we 're useless !, 
  after all , we have so many zimmer frei here !, 
  i 'm half-convinced that part of the motivation for eu expansion and establishment of schengen was the german/austrian cunning plan to avoid endless lines at borders during summer xd but seriously now , my politicians have n't made a lot of noise so far . 
  and we do n't even drain the funds much . 
  so seeing as we 're half-way to western colony already , if eu should fall into several tiers/pieces , i 'm kinda hoping we can quietly tag along with the west , make austria great again , stuff like that . 
  weeell , as a matter of principle , i 'm comforted by the fact that we do n't have any kind of `` proud gun culture '' here , which means that i do n't have to fear randoms walking around armed . 
  you never know when they might snap , after all . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  if russia or whomever invaded , you and your small gun would n't be of much use . 
  he 's talking about tanks , you know ? 
  meh , if we 'll judge by brexit ( and le pen and wilders gaining ground ) , west euros - the public , not the current leading politicians - is just as against `` multi-kulti '' as the east is . 
  another few problems : regardless of what is done , the west/rich will pay for it ( hence juncker 's remark on `` wow such solidarity ! '' ) . 
  and then , i 'm not seeing legit proposals for a different solution from the east either . 
  saying that `` they '' should n't be allowed in europe is quite useless * since they 're already in europe * , is n't it ? 
  as a side-note , i think that when or if the eu falls apart , it 'll be the west/rich euros fault , not the europoors ' like us . 
  simply because they can afford to leave eu more than we can ... all this barking by the east is just that , barking with no bite . 
  we ca n't afford to leave this union not just because of economy , but also - aggressive neighbors we have . 
  well , so long as your lord and savior vu\u010di\u0107 is aware where the actual money is coming from , i suppose it does n't matter , does n't it . 
  well , he was * this close * to perfection here . 
  he just had to imply poland & co are racist , did n't he . 
  even if they are - especially if they are !, 
  - they 'll immediately defend themselves with `` but omg western europe under terrorist siege !! '', 
  here 's what he should have said : italy and greece are swamped , so that 's why redistribution was agreed , and poland & co `` did jack shit '' in proposing other solutions where they take part of the burden . 
  ( the other solution - theoretical strengthening of the borders - would n't be paid by poland & co , * obviously * . ), 
  then he - and eu - should do more to inform people about those that do get deported , same for attacks that do get stopped before they lift off , and so on . 
  same for germany tightening its entrance requirements , this mistaken meme of merkel being some kind of `` mother to immigrants '' needs to die already . 
  because obviously euros at large could n't care less about multi-kulti or solidarity or being a humanitarian . 
  i 'd say we 're all just as selfish and `` not my problem , get off my lawn ! '', 
  as we always were . 
  ( or you may call that pragmatism , does n't matter . ), 
  trying to force-feed such values just creates a boomerang effect , and turns the likes of orban into some kind of `` hero of common sense '' . 
  edit : words, 
  russia will be a success in balkans if or when it cashes up . 
  ideological ranting about brotherhood and `` homogay conspiracy west '' is all well and good , but it does n't create jobs . 
  eu is by far the biggest trading partner and investor in the balkans . 
  and that 's the end of story . 
  can confirm , / u/citizented always had sober opinions on balkan whenever i saw him sharing . 
  seems to be a smart fellow in general , 
  i do n't think so . 
  do n't you remember the 90 's ? 
  wait , perhaps that 's a wrong question . 
  you lived in some other country then , you probably would n't know how croatia was like . 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 in terms of `` willingness to fight for homeland '' , i 'd say that back then croatia was at 9.8 for the ones that stayed here , as in they did n't run away or were n't turned into refugees ... to look at whole of croatia , i guess the scale would be 5-6 ( the rest ran away ) . 
  nowadays ? 
  hahahaha , 9/10 packs up and leaves for greener pastures immediately . 
  the promises that worked back then - fool me once , fool me twice , it wo n't work again . 
  or in other words , for those few where it 'll work , well they 're pretty mentally deficient to decide they need even more ptsd , so they are n't very capable of waging a war anyways . 
  now bosnia is i guess mentally still stuck in the past more , or - a lot of bosnians blame those others for their problems ( from what i 've seen ) . 
  but on the other hand , their emigration statistics are the worst in balkan , no ? 
  so there 's their willingness to fight . 
  they 're jumping ship even without any war . 
  war funded by who ? 
  usa , who cares less and less , russia , who can barely keep hold of neighboring ukranian parts , uhhh , who ? 
  and fought with what , the mig 's that can only be a weapon if they fall apart while flying ? 
  and fought by whom , old grannies and youths of which half are already in germany , the rest will join them the moment the first bullet flies ? 
  you know i 'd actually pledge allegiance to juncker the great if only he slapped some of my local politicians around : '' d, 
  no , i mentioned germany and usa because we have a crapton of `` croats '' there , some of them are 2nd or 3rd gen. 
  so it 's been several generations since that family lived here , and they call themselves croats . 
  and fine , they can do that , they can call themselves whatever they want , but i do n't see why i should give 3 shits about them ... they certainly do n't give 3 shits about me . 
  i have more in common with serbs that live in croatia than with these `` ex-pat '' croats . 
  similar goes for bosnian croats - what do they have to do with me , for real ? 
  they do n't live in croatia , which means we do n't share common issues , common - much . 
  they 're * neighbors * , close ones yeah , but neighbors still . 
  ( and yes , i think that they have little to no business voting in our elections . 
  how preposterous that is , voting for politicians that wo n't rule over you . 
  that 's like me voting in serbian elections ! ), 
  rijeka is an odd case because by itself it 'd be an exclave of hungary/austria/whomever . 
  but let 's say , for the sake of what if , that whole istria stayed italian until ' 90 . 
  yeah , i do n't think we should have fought for it in that what if . 
  to me , the 90 's war was about croatia preserving its rightful federal borders , stopping the hideousness that happened in vukovar & etc. 
  herceg-bosna ... personally , the idea to unite these croats with us soured on me when they stabbed bosniaks in the back . 
  except none of the parts of bosnia were croatian since ... around the time ottomans invaded . 
  i mean if we 're going by history i should demand that we get western bosnia back at least , no ? 
  or , the croats in vojvodina or germany or usa or wherever . 
  i do n't quite see why i should feel a lot of attachment for them . 
  whatever kinship i feel for bosnian croats equals greece and greek cypriots , i guess . 
  and as for the money-issue ... we have enough problems as it is .
