  haha , i know !, 
  :d i basically had to find an eu country that 's not the poorest but also not a net-contributor , benefits a ton from membership , and is geographically large enough with a big enough population . 
  so , poor polan tries to anschluss \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   yeah i 'm sorry i did n't read everything , i just sort off skimmed it . 
  well , the humorous , shorter , and less rant-y version is in \u017di\u017eek 's video   you failed to get zizek 's position on racism . 
  possible , as i said , i 'm not very familiar with his opus . 
  i just basically quoted and paraphrased what he says about the perception of balkans in the essay i linked . 
  side-note : eli5/tl ; dr his position on racism ? 
  uhm ... well , thanks ? 
  that 's like going to baltics and saying you 're a soviet vs saying you 're a russian . 
  first the person you 're talking to might wonder how a time-machine spat you out from 80 's , and then - just do n't . 
  also as a side-note , you do n't have to say anything , even if you identify as an apache attack helicopter . 
  basically everyone recognizes the usual accent . 
  ah \\ ^ ^ i recommend the movie . 
  it 's basically the 2nd part of a trilogy , and the strongest of the 3 . 
  if you want the complete story you should watch all 3 , though each is standalone enough imo . 
  ( and i had higher expectations for 3rd after this 2nd ... not that 3rd was * bad * per se , just disappointing : < ), 
  ha , i got you . 
  i was just referencing the dark knight . 
  in there alfred tells a story about a diamond-thief they could never catch cause they could n't figure him out . 
  this fellow used to hide in a forest , and he threw away the diamonds he stole ... basically he was stealing for no particular reason , just because `` some people like to watch the world burn . '', 
  this is similar to batman trying and failing to figure out the joker . 
  later on , bruce asks alfred whether they ever caught the thief - they did . 
  [ like this . 
  ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/disp/2e3f0a17599392.5603c82125629.jpg ), 
  so what you 're telling me is , to deal with people who like to watch the world burn , we should burn the whole forest down ? 
  may i ask you a personal question , op ? 
  since i joined r/europe around 2 months ago , basically every post and every comment of yours i remember has something to do with war . 
  and i 'd get it , your flair alone indicates that you have certain strong opinions on the issue , and of course some random topic concerning for example sweden has less to do with you than this tired debate about the war . 
  but i 'm talking * every * comment and post i remember seeing from you . 
  do n't you get tired ? 
  meh , it was mandatory here long before eu . 
  then we have a 2nd foreign too in most schools , german most often . 
  but it 's not the school we learn most english in ( there 's only so much of a foreign language you can learn by having 2-3 45-minute classes per week ) . 
  it 's the widespread media in english , plus the fact that we subtitle instead of dub ( dubs go on just the kid cartoons ) . 
  i think that * forcing * kids to learn something usually does n't work so well , having them learn it basically `` by accident '' is much better . 
  it 's not just about government . 
  iirc we have actual studies that prove the human brain is wired to focus much more on the negatives and dangers , for obvious evolutionary reasons ( that optimistic guy got eaten by a tiger ) . 
  this is why we 're constantly bombarded by bad news like plane crashes , wars , terrorism etc etc , while people doing something good is hardly gossip-worthy ( unless it 's something enormous like curing cancer or landing on the moon ) . 
  if the eu fell apart , the very same media would instantly switch to all the negatives about that . 
  give it a few months and they 'd start bemoaning `` if only we had the eu still ! '', 
   what i really want to know is how they intend to get people back from mars after sending them there . 
  that seems like the hardest part of all afaik they do n't ? 
  as in , it 's been calculated that there 's no feasible way to make the return trip , fuel simply weights too much ( * vast majority * of mass iirc ) , ca n't even get to orbit weighing that much . 
  so , the idea is to send the first volunteers on a one-way trip , with whatever supplies they need to establish a first self-sufficient but tiny colony . 
  then you send more and more people , and hopefully after some time we get better space-transport . 
  and keep in mind that mars has a weaker gravity ( 38 % that of earth ) , so the people that spend a lot of time there - or are born there , even - will probably have trouble coming back to earth . 
  ( omg will `` martians '' become a thing ?! ), 
  mind you i have n't checked on the plans in a while , do n't take me at my word 100 % . 
  i have no idea what he 's doing , so i guess it 's working ? 
  in my mind he 's somehow simultaneously an ignorant hillbilly and a businessman manipulator so clever he ... meme 'd himself into the white house . 
  though in this particular policy flip ( 27th policy flip ? 
  he has the best policy flips , ask anyone , it 's true ) , it 's about syria and russia . 
  other countries ^ tm informed him they exist and wo n't just nod along with the latest missile strikes ( `` let 's investigate first !, 
  '' ) , so now he 's saying `` oh , you . 
  you 're so precious , and i was n't serious about breaking nato !, 
  t'was just a prank bro : < '', 
  idk , pick the sanest countries in most continents ? 
  the `` few superpowers '' that i mentioned mostly come down to usa , russia and china . 
  uhh ... yurop has uk and france , that 's enough i guess . 
  ( maybe add germany at some point , or one of the nordics , assuming that they 'd be willing ... omg we have a problem already . ), 
  um , south america - chile maybe ? 
  aussies mostly do n't get involved in stuff , and everybody mostly leaves them alone , so idk if they 'd have any use for one . 
  asia ... china , india and pakistan already have them . 
  north korea * definitely * should n't have them . 
  japan and south korea seem like decent candidates ( though iirc at least japan wo n't touch them with a ten-foot pole ) . 
  then , make a serious serious round table of these countries , where usa/russia do n't get to dictate 95 % of the policies , also crackpots like best korea ca n't get their hands on wmd 's as easily . 
  tbh i do n't know , if i was capable/eager to solve world problems i would n't mosey around reddit so much . 
  just a showerthought : what if un was n't a joke with no punchline ? 
  ( you have anything ? ), 
  eh , genocide , ethnic cleansing , war crime etc - none of that gives a toss about the scale . 
  you can get numbers of victims that go from thousands to millions and still call it `` genocide '' . 
  the thing mostly comes down to intentions . 
  has to be organized from the army/state , and needs to have the elimination of a people group as its main goal . 
  for example , germany and france go to war * for the sake of anschluss * or whatever , millions die . 
  there 'll be war-crimes against civilians , but since the point is n't organized extermination but greed/whatever , it 's not genocide . 
  or , let 's say turks start up a plan to exterminate kurds , but they only manage to kill a comparably small number , a few thousand , before the operation shuts down - it 's genocide . 
  it 's like the difference between killing a jew to steal his money , or because he pissed you off personally , and killing a jew just because he 's a jew . 
  does n't tell you a lot about the damage done and people murdered , but * hate crimes * are obviously a sensitive spot for people . 
  oh for heaven 's sake , what kind of logic is that !, 
  let 's say you 're from middle east , and you do n't like for example usa meddling in there in an open war . 
  you decide it 's a legitimate thing to do - blowing up random usa civilians . 
  after all , usa already had some open wars in the middle east , better scare them away with bombs in manhattan before they attack again !, 
  does such a thing work ? 
  debatable , depends on the case . 
  it it worth it , despite being morally shady ( kill some people to save some other people ) ? 
  debatable again . 
  but it does n't change the fact that attacking * civilians * in a scare-tactic is just about the definition of terrorism . 
  i 'm with you that it 's no good when you have a few hundred countries , with a total of a thousand different agendas , and nobody strong enough to `` knock it off '' if it ends in too much localized war everywhere . 
  however , i 'd argue that at least in the case of army/nukes , having * too few * countries in the possession of such is also harmful . 
  it 's like a dictatorship , sure you can accomplish loads if you have an * enlightened * tyrant at the helm , problem is when these tyrants are far from enlightened . 
  the cold war objectively sucked . 
  of course the solution is n't giving access to wmd 's to every local tinpot lunatic , but some middle ground would be healthier than a few `` superpowers '' doing whatever they please , the rest of the world be damned . 
  that 's one of the sadder/dumber things , imo . 
  did n't the french help out more than a bit when you wanted independence from uk ? 
  that sort of support counts a lot in new fragile regimes . 
  and afaik you had good relations with them for basically centuries afterwards ? 
  and even this insistence on french being cowardly/losers just looks plain silly . 
  iirc they have one of the most successful war-histories in the world , or maybe it 's the most successful . 
  ( basically they 've been in a shitton of wars for more than a thousand years , you 'll get some draws and losses in such a span of time . ),
