  the montenegrin never even started . 
  the bosnian got lost . 
  i ca n't believe this . 
  just as i start thinking you 're like our brothers , you do something like this . 
  how can you not eat the seeds !, 
  it 's like those brits drinking tea instead of coffee :o, 
  yes and no ? 
  it depends . 
  on one hand , an europe that 's better united would be stronger in dealing with outside threats , could work better around problems like the refugees etc. 
  on the other hand , this assumes that the united leaders would be both competent and fair . 
  because if they 're not , all you did is concentrate even more power in the hands of people who wo n't be good for europe , or will be good for some specific countries/areas at the expense of others . 
  this brings us back to the rock and the hard place . 
  european countries by themselves are too small/weak to properly succeed in the growing globalization market , and countries who have a big military and may not have peaceful intentions . 
  but i think we also just do n't trust and appreciate each other enough - richer countries look at poorer like parasites , poorer look at richer like threats that 'll just exploit them further . 
  this is apples and oranges with usa , at least in these early stages . 
  usa may have regional differences and rivalries , but they also have their flags and bald eagles uniting them , and this has been happening for centuries . 
  as already said , climate change denial is n't such a big thing over here . 
  doing something about it , on the other hand , is pretty complicated . 
  eu already put up quotas for 2020 on the percentage of green energy it needs to produce ( iirc 20 % ) . 
  further agreements will likely be made at that point , for higher percentages . 
  for more than that ... what can you do ? 
  for example , you ca n't have our transport refusing to use gas , at least not at this point ( better/cheaper green transport is more a matter of science , not politics ) . 
  you ca n't close down whatever factories remain in europe , either . 
  shifting all that to green is just something that 'll take time . 
  similar here actually . 
  i live in the northern part of croatia , which has a completely different climate in comparison to south . 
  we get unbearable summers , just as hot as the coast , but there 's hardly any cool wind , or as my impression goes - even real * air * . 
  and the mosquitoes are biblical . 
  the one thing i liked is that the rest of the year is much cooler , rains in spring/autumn , snows in winter - and i liked the cold and the deep snows from the start . 
  we barely got a few centimeters this year , this winter was more like a late autumn :o ( since i expect scandinavia will be overrun by everyone fleeing the heat by 2040 , i 'm considering investing in russian lessons . 
  plenty of space in siberia , right ? ), 
  i do n't have stats for this , just going off my impression ... 
  in croatia , vaccination is covered in the universal health insurance , which is paid with taxes . 
  and the impression of the government is that they 're so corrupt and stingy to the people , that they 'd rather buy stuffed polar bears for their basements than give anything useful to the people . 
  so if * they * are saying you really need to vaccinate , and this from money they could use for their 5th mercedes , you know that the situation is dire . 
  so even if the pharmaceutical companies would like to sell unnecessary bullshit , our overlords would be less likely to buy it :p i do n't know . 
  maybe this is coming from the people who confuse some western countries for ours ? 
  or the same people who believe in chemtrails , i met a few of those . _ . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  all these idiots never experienced the epidemics that were killing humanity for most of the recorded history . 
  you never see anything like that in the developed world today , so it 's easy to think `` why do i need it anyways ?? '', 
  it kinda reminds me of the climate change unbelievers . 
  `` hurr durr the winter was cold this year , what warming , there 's no warming ! '', 
  strange . 
  ca n't find more information on a quick search , like for example the countries ' ranking in a list , or the methodology they used , like explaining why any region/country has more or less `` toxicity '' . 
  for example , uk looks pretty good here , but `` in 2011 , 40 % of the uk 's electricity was produced by gas , 30 % by coal , 19 % by nuclear power and 4.2 % by wind , hydro , biofuels and wastes . '', 
  i mention the uk in particular because a couple of days ago i saw this info about how their energy production is pretty `` dirty '' . 
  so obviously something else gives them a good score ( air quality ? 
  energy consumption ? 
  beats me ) ... but as i said , nothing on a quick search . 
  best i can find is more maps about [ the rest of the world . 
  ] ( http://www.theecoexperts.co.uk/most-toxic-countries ), 
   flawed democracies are nations where elections are fair and free and basic civil liberties are honored but may have issues ( e.g. 
  media freedom infringement ) . 
  nonetheless , these nations have significant faults in other democratic aspects , including underdeveloped political culture , low levels of participation in politics , and issues in the functioning of governance . 
  you have any of that ? 
  or better question would be , do you have more of these problems than the countries above you ? 
  my own numbers seems believable . 
  i was surprised that we 're way behind greece in the sum of it , because i 've been hearing about the inefficiency of their government for a while ( overspending , budget problems etc ) . 
  but they 're significantly ahead of us in political participation and culture , which i can believe ( people here just do n't care/believe in politicians ) . 
  mmh , lumping it together gives you some foggy results . 
  they actually do have categories :  + physical forms of harassment -- 29 % of women in the eu have experienced unwelcome touching , hugging or kissing since they were 15 years old ;  + verbal acts of harassment -- 24 % of women have been subjected to sexually suggestive comments or jokes that offended them since the age of 15 ;  + non-verbal forms including cyberharassment -- 11 % of women have received unwanted , offensive sexually explicit emails or sms messages , or offensive , inappropriate advances on social networking sites ( referring to experiences since the age of 15 ) . 
  imo someone getting grabby with you is n't even close to random wolf-whistles or pm 's one may get in the great plains of the internet . 
  as far as i can tell - did n't read the whole thing , it 's long - the data does n't grade the items based on the severity . 
   the extent of sexual harassment depends on the scope of the applied study definition and consequently on the number of items used to measure it ( figure 6.1 ) . 
  the prevalence rates have therefore been calculated first on the basis of the full set of 11 items asked about in the survey and then based on a set of six items . 
  and the 6 items , the more severe ones , include : ` unwelcome touching , hugging or kissing ' , ` sexually suggestive comments or jokes that made you feel offended ' , ` somebody sending or showing you sexually explicit pictures , photos or gifts that made you feel offended ' , ` somebody indecently exposing themselves to you ' , ` somebody made you watch or look at pornographic material against your wishes ' and ` unwanted sexually explicit emails or sms messages that offended you ' . 
  pronunciation is `` close enough '' [ here . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ko0rewwyb0g?t=2m45s ) explanation is also in that video . 
  tl ; dr : uhhh ... bih is basically split into two parts ( kinda 3 , but i 'm not going into whatever br\u010dko is supposed to even be ) , has 3 people 's , and republika srpska is pretty much the part that 's closer to serbia , has more of a serb population , bla bla . 
  it 's all very dramatic . 
  when we 're at that , you can jail all of ours too \\ ^ ^ ( but of course that will never happen , even if more than half of the citizens wanted it . 
  the politicians and all their fine friends would never allow for such a clean-up project to even get off the ground . ), 
  we 're ... puzzled ? 
  pretty much all of us have had our share of bad politicians , so we ca n't exactly judge on that . 
  but still , some tiny country having sleazy politicians is n't as bad as having a narcissist controlling nukes , you know ? 
  everything i see from him supports my first impression of `` dangerous clown '' , so voting him into the white house feels almost like a betrayal . 
  take him throwing shade on europe , for the sake of - what ? 
  what does he mean to achieve with this ? 
  it 's like he feels europe is irrelevant , or something he can just push around like a toy . 
  does he think better relations with the dinky russian economy can replace eu ? 
  i mean , if he wants to spend less money on the army/nato , * good on you all . 
  * we 'll have to spend some more to pick up the slack and that 's that . 
  but i do n't see how it can be in usa interests to insult europe by citing some tv bullshit propaganda against it . 
  * that 's just because they do n't accept that it needs to be germany second . 
  the rest of us can duke it out for 3rd place !, 
  well maybe you can look at it in a different way . 
  of course the average wage , education , iq and so on and so forth are very important . 
  but if it 's something like for example music , austria can boast about being really good at classical music because of mozart and similar . 
  it probably wo n't average that with all the crappy austrian musicians , right ? 
  now math is n't exactly like music because average people need to use it more in their lives ... but then again , most people do n't need much more than the very basics you cover in 2-3 grades . 
  when 's the last time you needed to use a function in your daily life , unless you 're an engineer ? 
  so in that sense , maybe it 's just as important to look at the `` top performers alone '' . 
  it was stockholm for me . 
  it 's like they went : [ '' ... well , i suppose a mess of islands will do '' \\ ^ ^ ] ( https://i.imgur.com/wwvgxxsl.png ), 
  ok ... can someone eli5 tl ; dr ? 
  so merkel is from cdu , and they 're generally more anti-immigration than the other side . 
  however she/germany is seen as the main leader of pro-immigration from eu over here ( well , first i heard that they 're for it , then they sort of changed their minds later ... ? 
  it 's complicated ) . 
  so - her stance looks to be at odds with the stance of her party to me ?
