  my best friends are all women too , and what happened to me far too many times : i start rambling about some it theory , the girls go like `` nuuuh , we 're not for that , we suck at it '' , and then i twist their ears ( metaphorically ) , explain the concept , and they * get it just as fast as my male colleges . 
  * and they still go on thinking `` but we 're not good for it '' , it drives me up the wall  . < bah . 
  the good news is that women/men doing cross-overs to fields that are n't traditionally assigned to them is n't unheard of . 
  getting more common , actually . 
  the bad news is that it 'll take some time until men do n't feel awkward explaining that they 're male nurses ( and the opposite examples ) . 
  my anecdotes/observations are a bit different . 
  or maybe you and me just grew up in different environments . 
  banal , everyday examples ... 1 . 
  men are * expected * to be in charge of fixing stuff that gets broken . 
  like , around the house . 
  now , in regards to the chicken-and-egg scenario , maybe this expectation came to be because through our history we realized that men are more talented at fixing stuff , however , even if this is not true , i observe cases of boys learning how to fix stuff around the house simply because `` that 's what dad does '' . 
  counter example : house cleaning . 
  now , in this case , i definitely know that men are just as good at that as women are , however , again you have the expectations . 
  and i actually noticed , dozens of times in dozens of cases , boys and men * intentionally * messing up the cleaning because they figured out that the womenfolk will go all `` argh !, 
  what do you expect of men !! '', 
  and never ask them to clean again . 
  it 's just laziness , not any kind of `` inherent talent '' . 
  and the same laziness applies to women and tasks that are traditionally male . 
  why learn how to fix stuff , from squeaky hinges to burned out fuses to virus-infected windows , when * you know * that someone else will always be the resident manager for that ? 
  and then as a woman , you find yourself in a situation when there are no menfolk around to do that , and you figure out how to solve the issue all on your female lonesome . 
  it 's not `` in chinese '' . 
  you also , by a strange twist of circumstances , end up in it and realize that no , there is nothing inherently `` male-friendly '' in it * as a field of science * . 
  girls are pretty good at math , while at the same time they 're apparently bad at it , which is more than passing strange to me because the computer itself is just a arithmetic-logic machine in its core . 
  i find it very suspicious that the same girls can understand complex mathematical equations perfectly well ( to the point that women outnumber men in teaching math ) , while they ca n't understand the very simple binary logic that 's in the foundations of the pc . 
  now , i 'm not saying there 's some kind of active `` omg omg male conspiracy against womenfolk !! '', 
  going on here atm . 
  but i do think that society plays a role all the same . 
  whether that 's because there is something in statistical odds of men vs women being better at x/y so that 's why we divided the roles in the first place , or because the patriarchy did use to rule the world much more than it does now , and during those days , men considered `` women 's brains to be inferior when it comes to , you know , * serious logical thinking * '' , i do n't know . 
  i do n't even consider it very relevant anymore , what the real cause is when it comes to nature/nurture . 
  but i do think that many concepts of `` who does what '' are very outdated in the world we live in now , and people should ignore the social pressure . 
  if you 're a man who likes nursing people , do that . 
  if you 're a woman who likes coding , do that . 
  not having an army that can at the very least fend off attackers for a while is a terrible , awful , no good idea . 
  grown up countries need both the economy and the military defense . 
  yay for emigration ? 
  also : strangers , invest in eastern croatia !, 
  ... is there a point in your extreme example ? 
  and as for the nature influencing nurture , we live in a very `` unnatural '' society in the more recent times . 
  just the facts - half of our children do n't die before reaching adulthood , there is something called birth control , the industrial revolution did away with most of the needed heavy-lifting , we live in fantastically massive and complex societies that are now integrating * on a global level * , which is so far away from our small tribes of 200-odd people it 's not even funny ... and all that is happening while our brain evolution - as much as it even exists - ca n't keep up with the pace . 
  so , i 'm wary of those who argue that [ such and such groups of people have their `` natural '' places in society ] . 
  most of the time their arguments look very outdated to me ... like a basic example of `` the woman as the baby-caretaker '' . 
  as if , both men and women need to work 9-to-5 nowadays to put bread on the table . 
  our evolved intelligence created the strange world we live in today . 
  our social norms need to adjust accordingly , that is , our `` nurture '' needs to adjust to the reality of the situation , instead of looking at the so-called `` biological nature '' which ca n't keep the pace . 
  ... really ? 
  you 're blaming those 3 , instead of all the economic and political problems that yugoslavia had from the start till the end ? 
  like the fact that it lost most of its political relevance - and foreign funding !, 
  - when ussr fell ? 
  people here like to wank about the good old day when we were `` something '' because of the non-aligned movement . 
  in a plot twist , that movement still exists today ... it 's utterly irrelevant . 
  because tito may have been a clever fellow when he used the narrow opportunity to make us `` the neutral buffer zone '' , but today nobody cares about this same neutrality because russia is a has-been . 
  same for the ever-failing socialism . 
  strange . 
  i though the uk is leaving because its populace has been lied to by the uk media and politicians since the very start ? 
  see : that thing where brits argue that they 've been tricked in regards to eu being an `` ever-closer political union '' . 
  also , uk government happily importing non-eu immigrants for decades on end , doing little to integrate them , which has nothing to do with the eu . 
  also , same government happily pushing for the eastern expansion , equally happily not even putting those temporary restrictions on new-member migrations , etc etc. 
  they did and do like to blame `` dat brussels '' for all their problems , though . 
  but sure , let 's blame the polish immigrants working jobs that brits are n't even interested in , sure . 
  but is it coddling ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do think that the economic problems will definitely result in fewer `` gender studies '' or whatever less ... useful fields . 
  and also , if `` everyone is a comrade '' , then you ca n't make as many men vs women differences in your propaganda . 
  so , these two are factors , i agree . 
  but . 
  do western women * genuinely * want to be poorer than western men ? 
  be more financially dependent on men than they need to be ? 
  i 'm not talking about whether western men coddle them because they can/do afford supporting these women . 
  i 'm talking about it as a - point of pride , of adulthood even . 
  which sane person , man or woman , * wants * to be less independent , less well-off , less appreciated by society ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm not from the west so i ca n't tell what the situation on the ground is . 
  ( and both the men 's and women 's rights activists from there sound too hysterical for my taste . ), 
  i did talk a lot with a few american women , and we roughly concluded that the west has more of that thing where `` girls are made of sugar and spice '' ... which would n't be helping with encouraging them to go into mechanical engineering , no ? 
  so ... til that it 's not just usa , but also uk that has the bizarre `` check your white privilege !! '', 
  thing ? 
  maybe this is just my eastern euro perspective speaking ... 
  i do n't see much of a `` problem '' from my point of view . 
  to elaborate : both men and women get screwed here , just in different ways . 
  women do face some social pressure when getting into fields like engineering , it 's not even that it 's `` forbidden '' , just not a `` thing that 's done much '' . 
  everyone sticks with their own group , you know ? 
  and `` girls are n't into mechanical engineering '' . 
  but , the same happens in reverse , `` boys are n't into languages/nursing/etc '' . 
  then in a more problematic way , men get screwed in regards to divorces , women get screwed in regards to bosses not wanting to hire them in fear of pregnancy . 
  and * everyone * gets screwed if they do n't have `` nice connections '' . 
  so on a whole , there definitely is work to be done , but all in all , i 'm not seeing a big definite `` disparity '' . 
  ( or if there is one , then it still favors men , engineering gets you richer than nursing , divorce is comparatively rare , while discrimination in regards to pregnancy is commonplace . ), 
  in any case , this disparity regarding the lowered participation of men in universities has been noted , same for boys underachieving in earlier education . . and without any hysterical counter-reactions . 
  it 's not * controversial * in any way . 
   the problem is that in today 's climate it 's politically incorrect to say anything positive about men , especially white ones . 
  let me guess , you 're not actually from europe . 
  for a start , race is n't much of a * thing * here . 
  because we 're largely white , no `` races '' or guilt for us to angst over . 
  edit : bloody hell . 
  even the countries with large immigrant populations like germany are largely - white . 
  this is a predominantly white continent , that 's a fact . 
  argue about men 's positions , but arguing about * white privilege * here is bullshit , regardless of how usa-centered media has a different narrative . 
  usa is not europe !, 
  we 're not importing usa 's problems and narratives which are not even a thing here !, 
  i feel that you 're intentionally taking this argument to absurd levels to invalidate it . 
  the chicken and egg thing ~ for example . 
  afaik it 's been proven that men are better drivers , while women can tell the differences among colors better .
