  used to not care about that because my cave was the coolest room in this house , was always at least 10 c less than outside , but now i moved to a different part of the house and it 's nice that i have double the space ( whole upper floor for me , * finally * ) , but . 
  feels like my soul is melting away ~ but since i 'm ranting about heat already , philosophical question : how can anyone be * productive * in this horror ? 
  ac and shade are neat and all , but they 're not helping with most of the outside world . 
  how do greeks and egyptians and so on ever get anything done ? 
  it 's 10 am and 33 c here already . 
  they say it 'll go to 39 c today . 
  pls send help ; - ;, 
  well , if greeks somehow managed to copyright democracy , they would n't be listening to the chorus of `` pay denbts '' nowadays , now would they ? 
  give it some years , and you too will have to decide whether you feel embarrassed or oddly proud when our god-emperor juncker slaps important people ^ tm around . 
  literally slaps , that is . 
  hm , i 'd disagree somewhat . 
  we do talk politics a lot for sure , but we also talk a lot about quality of living - all those ppp , hdi , education results and such maps . 
  plus , if we 'll look at this as a place for interesting information ... me finding out that china matters is no news at all . 
  i see all the stuff in stores that 's made in china . 
  i know they 're geographically large . 
  i know that basically every fifth person in the world is chinese . 
  so , a big nominal gdp is `` i could guess that on my own , thank you very much '' . 
  usa is certainly more interesting , because their ppp is keeping up with their gdp ( enough ) . 
  or , for example , ireland is even more interesting , because they do n't have a large population or geography or internal resources . 
  well , not more perspective , but maybe just `` the other side of it '' . 
  china in nominal gdp is a beast , and you treat it as such when doing business . 
  but per capita is a different story . 
  meanwhile , that argument does n't work for usa , they 're yuge in both nominal and per capita gdp . 
  no , i said i 've seen racism from all sides . 
  and i said you should n't generalize . 
  ok , let 's take it step by step . 
  racism , xenophobia , this ranting against muslim , all such discrimination that tends to come from narrow-mindedness and/or people having a few bad experiences and thereafter generalizing the whole group from these few experiences , right ? 
  and it 's wrong to generalize all muslims based on relatively few terror attacks for example ? 
  are you pulling my leg , or do you struggle with reading comprehension ? 
  the person who attacked those bigoted attitudes in this post is eastern european . 
  the upvotes/downvotes are quite unlikely to be majority eastern , because of reddit demographics . 
  and same for people who participate in immigrant threads . 
  i 've seen all sides rant against those immigrants ... in fact , if anyone will be interested in ethnic cleansing of muslims irl , then it 'll be the west , because most of said muslims are in it . 
  but it appears i 'm wasting my time with you . 
  you go on , believe you 're so much more enlightened than those bigoted easterners ... while you 're practicing the exact same type of bigotry . 
  i saw two eastern euros arguing about muslims and roma . 
  and one of them , the downvoted serb , is asking `` what the hell , subreddit ?? '', 
  as he rightly is , such upvotes are worrying . 
  and i think it 's highly unlikely that eastern euros are to blame for those votes , iirc nordics , germany , benelux , uk , ireland and such dominate in absolute numbers . 
  mind you , i do think op is naive about r/europe in general . 
  i have rather uncomplimentary opinions on the `` enlightenment '' of the people who frequent this sub ... any immigrant topic , they 'll be a hair-breath away from suggesting ethnic cleansing . 
  but i 've almost given up on arguing about that , the hive mind is such that i 'm not getting anywhere . 
  well , in the few months i 've been here , most of the people from my country are either neutral , or even faintly defensive of the muslims . 
  to give more details , on one hand we physically ca n't afford to take in many immigrants , and they do n't want to stay here anyways ( the issue of economic migrant vs refugee gets rather clear when half a million of them pass through your country in one month and most only ask `` which direction for germany ? '' ) . 
  on the other hand , the `` all moooslims the same , ewww '' notions get preposterous when you live next to bosniaks and albanians . 
  and i do n't see why i should be obliged to argue with random eastern euros about their attitudes . 
  i mean , we were one tribe some 1500 + or 2000 + years ago ... my country has more to do with germany than it does with random easterners . 
  there 's no such thing as `` pan-slavic unity '' or whatever . 
  and when it comes to either random euroskepticism that lies on the issue of immigrants , or bigotry against immigrants in general , i 'm seeing about even amounts from west/east . 
  * some * easterners are more triggered by muslims than westerners . 
  on the other hand , same westerners are triggered by immigrants period , be they from eu , non-eu europe , or outside of europe . 
  and when it comes to actual results , i think brexit speaks enough for the east/west divide ... same for wilders and le pen even being an issue . 
  perhaps you ought to speak up against wilders and euroskepticism in your own country first , eh ? 
  well , the boycott is a problem because qatar is a small desert . 
  for starters , food will be a problem , i think most of theirs was delivered through saudi arabia ? 
  but at the same time , qatar is a petrostate with iirc the highest gdp per capita in the world . 
  so , they certainly have money to buy stuff like navy vessels . 
  which all goes to show that money alone is n't everything , but that 's a philosophy for another time . 
  our coast , sure , but there 's way more to croatia than that . 
  the coastal inlands ( think - the lower , diagonal side of the `` v '' ) is mostly cattle/sheep grazing , then there 's a whole other , continental side , in the upper/horizontal side of the v . that one has a completely different climate , plus soil , it 's part of the fertile panonian basin . 
  think hugary . 
  and we 're not using up our potential , could produce so much more food than we do . 
  mind you , other effects of climate change will likely disturb things . 
  fires in the south , flooding in the north , storms and droughts getting more frequent , damaging and basically unpredictable . 
  and it appears that my `` cunning plan '' to move to bumfuck nowhere , sweden , wo n't work . 
  apparently these more northern lands have poor soil ( . _ . ), 
   fish proteins are essential in the diet of some densely populated countries where the total protein intake level is low , and are very important in the diets of many other countries . 
  worldwide , about a billion people rely on fish as their main source of animal proteins . 
  dependence on fish is usually higher in coastal than in inland areas . 
  about 20 % of the world 's population derives at least one-fifth of its animal protein intake from fish , and some small island states depend almost exclusively on fish . 
  in regards to sea/oceans , it 's not the variations in temperature that are a problem ( though they will be , for us euros in particular - the gulf stream getting screwed will be a problem ) , but the acidification . 
  sea is literally getting more acidic ... which is killing corals , 50 % died in only 30 years , and with corals go all the fish species that live around them . 
  that means serious food shortages ... * for 1 billion people . 
  ahh ... armchair psychology time !, 
  everybody is selfish in one way or another . 
  the reason for that is obvious , resources are and were always limited , `` got ta take care of myself '' . 
  '' ... myself , and my people '' . 
  we 're social animals , and if we had n't evolved to be social animals , we would n't have gotten anywhere . 
  you need divisions of labor , which means the need to communicate , assign tasks , build mutual trust , etc etc. 
  so , that means we 're all * tribal * . 
  the problem with modern society is that it 's way too large for our still-primitive brains , i read somewhere that our brains are on the level of `` 200 people or thereabouts '' . 
  that 's the size of the group we can get to know , trust/tolerate , etc. 
  the rest are all strangers , to be viewed with a healthy dose of suspicion . 
  fortunately - for society in general - we went past 200 . 
  the division of labor gets more and more profitable the more of us participate . 
  at some point , we needed writing . 
  also increasingly complex politics . 
  invented ideologies , like religion and `` culture '' and `` this is how our big group is supposed to be . '', 
  then , mass education and mass communication . 
  it all keeps us in check ... sort-of . 
  or , we 're `` civilized enough '' , most people in 2017 function ok-ish in this humongous world of 7 billion . 
  but , since our brains are still rather primitive , and since * everybody likes to feel good about themselves * , we like to identify with groups that define themselves against * those other people * and obviously , are `` superior '' to those other groups . 
  communists vs capitalists , believers vs non-believers , lgbt vs anti-lgbt , etc etc. 
  obviously , some ideologies are more enlightened than others . 
  but the regular members of the `` progressive '' group feel the same self-satisfied rush when bashing those they consider `` non-progressives '' , like the non-progressives do when it 's the other way around . 
  observe , for example , the militant atheists . 
  majority of them to me sound just as close-minded , smug , know-it-all and unintelligent as believers do . 
  [ more about groups and how they work ~ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re3j_rhkqjc&amp;t=1s ), 
  again , you seem to be confusing certain countries for some others . 
  my country is eastern , and we increased our migrant quota .
