  problems converge , yep , as you say the ethanol thing is n't a solution on its own . 
  but , what if we figure out a way to produce ethanol without cutting down rainforests ? 
  or the artificial photosynthesis business works out , we need fewer forests if every house in the world can put these panels on the roof , and those panels give you both less co2 , plus extra sugar that can be industrially reused ( to make more ethanol , for example :p ) . 
  vast majority of predictions say that population growth will level off somewhere around ... 11 billion ? 
  the 11-billionth person will never be born . 
  so , it 's not an `` endless growth we need to literally sterilize '' . 
  one of the cautiously positive news is that the boom coming from africa and asia wo n't be as harmful as the boom and pollution that came from the west . 
  once the time comes to industrialize africa ( if it ever comes , that is ) , these africans do n't and wo n't * need * to build coal plants , if they can put solar panels on the roofs in their villages . 
  basically , they leap over our mistakes/old technologies ... one current example is phones . 
  we had landlines , then mobiles . 
  they were too late for landlines , and they 're not even bothering - they 're buying cellphones now . 
  but it 'll still be too late for countries like bangladesh , i think . 
  and a lot of the more-vulnerable areas , first reason would be the developing/developed problem you describe , most of the solutions i mention require money that 'll be unlikely to come in time ( as in , solar stays expensive for too long ) . 
  who knows , maybe the only solution will really be us colonizing other planets . 
  or maybe half the world 's population will die before we figure out a balance . 
  but i do n't think we 'll necessarily go back to stone age ... it just probably wo n't be very pretty . 
  i know that there are problematic odds we do n't figure out a way to fix this . 
  here 's why i 'm not ready to throw in my optimistic towel yet ~ 1 \\ . 
  look at the astounding progress we 've made in the last 100 years . 
  my grand-grandparents lived off the land and had no plumbing or electricity , my grandparents got that during their lifetime . 
  this is just a few generations . 
  and this might be my skewed perspective talking - i 'm in it - but some 60 years ago , the computers we have now were more * theoretical * . 
  as in , the logical structure of the computer i 'm using now has been figured out and set for a long time ( this is also why it students often start learning the programming logic through c for example , because c may have fallen out of use , but its logic is still alive among the newer languages ) . 
  the problem was , in 1950 's the integrated circuits did n't even exist , and them existing is necessary for the pc i 'm using now . 
  so , we had theory , but we did n't really have the real technological solutions needed to put that theory in practice . 
  and if the climate-solutions are anything like that , then we likely will figure out these missing * details * , all sorts of theories are being investigated as we speak . 
  brazil is doing something with using ethanol instead of gas for cars . 
  everyone and their grandmother is investing in better batteries . 
  companies are working on self-driving cars and smart-maps that 'll substantially lower the waste produced through traffic jams . 
  they 're even working on creating artificial photosynthesis panels that can be put on buildings . 
  now , afaik a lot of the proposed solutions will be chemical instead of electronic , and chemistry is n't cooperating as well as electronics - no moore 's law here . 
  so my optimism in that sense is very cautious . 
  if you asked me who really rules the world , i would n't say politicians . 
  it 's the people who actually own everything - the capitalists . 
  or , to correct myself , yes yes , the politicians are important . 
  that is , it 's important to * buy them * so that they pass the laws the capitalists like . 
  which is done just about everywhere , except in dictatorships ( though that lot also needs to have the support of the army , the police , the tax collectors etc ) . 
  i 'm not looking into what trump is doing , because i think it 's way less relevant than what the investors are doing . 
  and they are , by and large , investing in new technologies . 
  because they 're not bloody stupid ( stupid people do n't get and stay rich in the first place ) , they know that coal and oil and all that is a sinking ship . 
  elon musk , ohhh . 
  reddit has a crisis whenever it turns out that musk treats his employees badly , `` but but he 's the savior of mankind !!! '', 
  bullshit , he 's not investing in batteries because he 's a bleeding heart , but because he sees a get-filthy-rich-and-admired opportunity there . 
  same goes for the rest of them . 
  they know that , long term , green energy is the future . 
  and i reckon most of them are dreaming that * they * will be the ones that figure out how to make hydrogen fuel cells work , `` be the new age ford '' or whatever , rake in all that glory and patent-money . 
  and as far as governments go , well , india and china are already flooding and choking , and they 're investigating solutions . 
  eu already groans under this tiny migration pressure . 
  it goes on and on . 
  now , politicians may be selfish ghouls who do n't care for plebs , but plenty of them also care for at least their children and grandchildren - leave to influence to the family , so to speak . 
  now , even with all that , it may be too late for africa or the poor in general . 
  but then again , africa does n't run this world , no ? 
  it 's the richer euros and company - who want to keep tidily collecting taxes forever - that both come up with solutions and make the decisions . 
  i know that there are problematic odds we do n't figure out a way to fix this . 
  here 's why i 'm not ready to throw in my optimistic towel yet ~ 1 \\ . 
  look at the astounding progress we 've made in the last 100 years . 
  my grand-grandparents lived off the land and had no plumbing or electricity , my grandparents got that during their lifetime . 
  this is just a few generations . 
  and this might be my skewed perspective talking - i 'm in it - but some 60 years ago , the computers we have now were more * theoretical * . 
  as in , the logical structure of the computer i 'm using now has been figured out and set for a long time ( this is also why it students often start learning the programming logic through c for example , because c may have fallen out of use , but its logic is still alive among the newer languages ) . 
  the problem was , in 1950 's the integrated circuits did n't even exist , and them existing is necessary for the pc i 'm using now . 
  so , we had theory , but we did n't really have the real technological solutions needed to put that theory in practice . 
  and if the climate-solutions are anything like that , then we likely will figure out these missing * details * , all sorts of theories are being investigated as we speak . 
  brazil is doing something with using ethanol instead of gas for cars . 
  everyone and their grandmother is investing in better batteries . 
  companies are working on self-driving cars and smart-maps that 'll substantially lower the waste produced through traffic jams . 
  they 're even working on creating artificial photosynthesis panels that can be put on buildings . 
  now , afaik a lot of the proposed solutions will be chemical instead of electronic , and chemistry is n't cooperating as well as electronics - no moore 's law here . 
  so my optimism in that sense is very cautious . 
  if you asked me who really rules the world , i would n't say politicians . 
  it 's the people who actually own everything - the capitalists . 
  mm , from what i think i 'm reading between the lines , the experts have already concluded it 's too late . 
  as in , too late for the measures we 're doing now , those too small targets like eu being 20 % renewable energy by 2020 and similar . 
  that might have worked ... if we implemented it 20 years earlier . 
  so , if we 'll fix this mess , we 'll have to actually fix it , not use bandaids . 
  invent some technological way of lowering the amount of greenhouse gases and similar , i 'm talking doing what 's basically - terraforming , `` humans find a way to control climate '' . 
  solutions ( ? ), 
  i 've seen proposed so far sound science-fictional , like iirc there 's one where we spray a massive amount of some chemicals in the atmosphere , those tie up methane , c02 and company into different molecules . 
  even crazy ones like `` how about we put a crapton of satelite-mirrors up there ? '', 
  well , we 've had increasing bad weather here - floods , droughts , forest fires etc - for a while now . 
  seemingly every year is a bit worse . 
  and i 'm melting from heat right now . 
  so , as people usually do , i comfort myself with `` this too shall pass '' ... except it wo n't . 
  autumn will come for sure , but next summer will be as bad or worse than this one . 
  and we 're only now starting to see the first effects of climate change . 
  iirc these effects are delayed by a decade or more , so what i 'm feeling now is consequences of a world that had 2-3 billion people less than year 2017 . 
  alright . 
  i had a brain fart . 
  i 'm leaving it up for shame and posterity . 
  ... what ? 
  mm , yeah it 's kinda weird . 
  odds are that wherever you go in the world , because of english alone , people are more likely to understand january/januar and such . 
  but , on the other hand , at least our month-names have some meaning in our language . 
  as a side-note , in regular speech we more often use numbering instead of month names , like `` u osmom mjesecu '' ( `` in the seventh month '' ) instead of `` u kolovozu '' . 
  i 'm taking my grain home , that 's what ~ * kolo * ( `` wheel '' ) + * voziti * ( `` to drive , to transport '' ), 
   i took the train you dun goofed . 
  avoid trains here like the plague , buses beat them in nearly all regards . 
  some of these tracks were built by austro-hungary , * no upgrades since then . 
  you can always go back to `` demented mouth eating bosnia . '', 
  [ rawr .
