  no , i 'm talking about it as a thing , as a meme . 
  for example ... enough of italians wave their hands around when talking . 
  enough germans anschluss the beach with towels . 
  enough brits do cringey things while on stag parties . 
  and so on ... basically , the stereotype does have enough proof - applies to enough of the population - to stick . 
  first time i heard of the squatting slav thing was on the internet . 
  i paid more attention the next time i left my cave , thinking i may have failed to notice something obvious ... and nope . 
  it does n't happen in any notable measure . 
  people squat when they have no chairs or benches to sit on ... and they ca n't be bothered to stand or to leave for some place with chairs and benches ? 
  what a bizarre notion . 
  and seeing as we ex-yugos love to mock each other with dumb stereotypes , i suspect i 'd have heard about the serbian chair-deficiency by now . 
  `` hahaha they 're squatting like idiot monkeys , lmao ! '', 
  which is why i expect this slav/russian-stereotype is so popular in the west . 
  hah , i 'm just waiting for the moment ~ some fellow accidentally starts another fire , blames drogon . 
  no , actually , i suspect that serbs do n't have that meme as a reason to be concerned . 
  as far as i can tell , the squatting thing applies mostly to russians ? 
  all slavs ! = russians . 
  hmm , looks like your comment was caught in some new-account filter . 
  i 'm only seeing it now . 
  anyways ~ i jumped at you , because your tone came off as snobby , and in my experience , people who deny the jugo ethnicities tend to fall into 2 groups : a ) ignorant outsiders sharing `` wisdom '' nobody asked them for , despite the fact that they 're aware they lack information ... in a parallel , i * know * that i know very little about most countries in the world . 
  therefore , i refrain from arguing with them ; and b ) those that do have knowledge , but they also have an unfortunate agenda . 
  it 's political , and given the failures to make yugoslavia function , those that would like a 3rd try are bad news . 
  in the simplest tl ; dr possible : `` if we 're all the same here ... then the land and ruling power belong to group x ! '', 
  so not only is it historically inaccurate , there 's a land/power-grabbing agenda hidden behind many of these arguments . 
  & nbsp ; as for the rest ~ look , we 're getting very philosophical here , but : what makes a country ? 
  what makes a people ? 
  language ? 
  does n't apply to like half of the countries/people in the world . 
  dna ? 
  bullshit , europe would maybe have 10 nations or thereabouts if we went with that . 
  here 's [ haplogroups ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-golxr_kkfxm/uhldwt-k7yi/aaaaaaaaako/dqv-xm43f3m/s1600/genetic+map+of+europe.png ) , by that silly argument , french and english and portuguese have as much , or even more , in common than us yugos . 
  culture ? 
  ohh , where the hell do you untangle that . 
  croatia itself , coastal folk are closest to italy , northern parts to austria or hungary . 
  and we happily adopted a lot of turkish food . 
  that does n't make us italian or austrian or hungarian or turkish , and same works for vojvodina serbs who were with a-h , or most of balkan who was occupied by ottomans . 
  history ? 
  but country borders were much more fluid in the past than they are now . 
  institutions that took care of literature , culture , local rule , etc ? 
  again , given that yugoslavia has such separate history where we did n't matter to each other at all , we built all that pretty separately . 
  ( i mean , the byzantine empire was more relevant for all of us ... ) or to put it in different words ... serbs and croats came to balkans separately from somewhere around southern poland . 
  but the correction is , * some * tribes went south , some stayed there , and today , their descendants are called polish . 
  or czech , or slovak . 
  and ... ? 
  what do these people have to do with me , my state , and my identity ? 
  ethnicity is a combination of all of the above , imo . 
  geography , history , language , culture , literature and art , institutions , customs , etc etc. 
  and above all , decision . 
  i call myself croatian because i was raised in croatia , learned croatian tales and histories as * mine * , and my grand-grandparents identified as such . 
  beyond them , i do n't even care to trace my lineage , for all i know , i could have a majority share of hugarian/austrian/italian / serbian blood ... and it could n't matter less . 
  well fwiw , are n't the trashy tabloids usually the most successful when it comes to circulation ? 
  for us , 24sata comes to mind . 
  brits have the sun and daily mail i think . 
  mind you , this content * is * a serious level of trash , do n't think 24sata had anything on that level ... not sure about daily mail . 
  so she was . 
  look at me , caring a lot . 
  we partially-adopted tesla for less :p & nbsp ; no , but seriously now . 
  the thing about broz is that if he stood for anything , then it 's being `` yugoslav '' . 
  like , the whole point of his ideology was that ethnicity does n't matter so much . 
  i 'm starting to suspect that the sagrada fam\u00edlia will never be finished . 
  that is , by the time they finish building it , it 'll be time for renovations , upgrades , whatever . 
  someone on reddit said it 'd make for an awesome looking space-station . 
  i very much concur \\* . 
  same here . 
  and it cracks me up , those folks that are all about `` naturalism '' , `` let us walk around as the good lord intended '' , `` all this shame is a social brainwashing construct '' ... and when you talk with them a bit more , a significant percentage wants us to walk around naked because they just want to perv on handsome people . 
  and i 'm like ... `` dude , do you understand how most of the people actually look naked ? 
  porn is a lie ! '', 
  as a side-note , what 's your bet on the fighters ? 
  theoretically we 're considering these bids : f-16s from either the usa , israel or greece , south korean fa-50s , or sweden 's saab jas-39 gripens . 
  but i get the feeling that greece , south korea and sweden are wasting their time . 
  i 'm far from a military expert , but i heard too many mixed reviews for gripens and fa-50s ... so then , the other 3 come down to politics and/or economic deals , though officials said it in a more roundabout way - `` intergovernmental contract , price , and the business-economic cooperation package '' . 
  also , inb4 some slovenian goes like `` but but his mom was slovenian ! '', 
  well , it need not collapse , but it will have to change . 
  most of europe has an aging population . 
  that literally means fewer and fewer workers supporting the pensioners . 
  also , one thing that these aging stats usually do n't consider is the loss of jobs through automation . 
  and as things stand , i 'm frankly more worried about robots making most jobs as dead as dodo , than i am about pensioners ( they die eventually , to put it in ugly words , but the bots are n't going anywhere ) . 
  i think that by 2050 , we will have to drastically change how our society functions . 
  are you talking about the most recent wave of mena immigrants/asylum seekers , or the immigration that has been happening in germany for decades ? 
  `` first and * second * generation '' . 
  those 2nd gen immigrants - and their parents - from all over europe are quite less likely to need welfare , no ? 
  and yes , they did get very far in our lines for a century or two ... and we never regained our bosnian parts . 
  i was shortening the story because my original comment was pretty long anyways , plus when we all came to the 20th century , the effects of these shorter or longer occupations were different - we managed to rebuild most of what they destroyed by that time in terms of infrastructure , serbia - unfortunately , not so much . 
  same for most lands that were occupied by the ottomans . 
  well , at least for us yugos , germany in the 60 's did n't . 
  all sorts of high-school level people moved there to work in factories , various vocational jobs like for example electrician and so on . 
  it 's because germany went into a serious rebuilding mode , and they lacked the workforce needed . 
  i mean ... even our colloquial word for emigrant became and stayed `` gastarbajter '' . 
  some of those that went eventually returned , most did n't and they 're on 3rd generation now , with these grandchildren speaking german as first language . 
  so that `` gast '' thing may be misleading . 
  lmao . 
  no , but since i went off against some brit in regards to the ex-colonies , those two also have more or equal support for distinctiveness , no ? 
  bosnia actually briefly did its own thing even before the ottomans invaded ... montenegro , i do n't know . 
  did n't they split off through centuries because ottomans never properly conquered them or something ? 
  i 'd say that 's plenty of time to get your `` adult nation id card '' . 
  we are speaking dialects , though , at least at the moment . 
  tried that , twice , it turned out we did n't have even the most basic ideas and interests in common , failed spectacularly . 
  we 're not trying again . 
  fuck this `` region '' . 
  well , obviously first they 'd need to do a crapton of reforms .
