  such precision , you could set clocks by it . 
  my guesses : + serbia : they were sort of like the germany of eu in terms of political influence , but not so much the common funds . 
  so juga was mostly win-win for them , and then becoming political pariahs in the aftermath did n't help . 
  more money was invested in them before , and then bih is a bigger ethnic/religious/political mess than belgium ... and they 're poor . 
  imho the issues bih has will only be completely solved once all of balkan is in eu . 
  + montenegro - they 're very , very small . 
  i mean they 're so small that * we * consider them small . 
  plus , they got more money again . 
  + macedonia - similar to montenegro . 
  such small clays are better off in mid-sized unions like juga , than in massive ones like eu , and they 're certainly not having a good time on their own . 
  i mean people mostly did n't pay attention to them even in juga ... nowadays the only attention they get is from greece . 
  + slovenia - `` lazy easterners taking my tax moneyz awayyyy , and i 'm not even balkan and i 'll tell everyone about it '' . 
  i guess they were kinda like the uk of juga ? 
  and the split may be here because they could into more relevance within juga than in eu ? 
  + croatia - `` lazy easterners taking my tax moneyz awayyyy , hurr durr i do n't like serbia '' . 
  i guess we were kinda like the france of juga . 
  the common sentiment seems to be that it 's better to be pushed around by germany than serbia . 
  + kosovo - `` help help i 'm being repressed ! '', 
  ah well , that 's not unusual . 
  though you 'd maybe surprise yourself . 
  over here , some of the loudest though guys ran away once push came to shove , and then other quiet folks who would n't normally hurt an ant took up arms to defend us . 
  you ca n't know for sure what you 'd do in that situation ... which is why this thread has a lot of armchair general-izing :d mind you , hopefully neither you nor me will ever have to find out . 
  here 's for peace !, 
  ok , pragmatic version then . 
  why do you think europe has been mostly peaceful since the end of wwii ? 
  it certainly was n't so because `` we became wiser and more peaceful '' or any such circlejerking tripe . 
  people are still as self-serving and as greedy as ever . 
  what changed is that europe ( + usa , canada etc ) made mutual-defense pacts that mean * attacking one means attacking all * . 
  if these pacts - nato and eu - become less worth than the paper they 're printed on , we 're back to `` politics '' of pre-wwii . 
  if there 's anything us euros certainly have in common , then it 's endless war . 
  same mutual-defense clauses only work as long as we 're willing to uphold them . 
  if enemies ( russia in this case ) judge that the `` alliance '' will do sweet fuck all in case of an attack , they 're going to attack . 
  at that point , the alliance falls though ... ... and some years later , war likely comes to portugal . 
  like for example a resource-war , africa is drying out as we speak . 
  you do n't want to deal with that alone . 
  imagine , for one moment , that the attacking side - in this case russia - is shelling civilian cities . 
  because all cities are civilian , and you ca n't `` take '' a country without taking its cities , they 're basically always the first and most important military target . 
  how do you feel about defending these civilians ? 
  because they die in literally every war . 
  we have a very recent european example of people - soldiers - not wanting to die , and therefore doing exactly nothing as atrocity happened . 
  google the `` massacre/genocide at srebrenica '' for an example of what blind neutrality let happen . 
  hahah , stereotypes . 
  you 're very cuddly and peaceful , unlike your loud southern bro ;d ( no , i vaguely know that canada has a good track record of going to war/helping people who are at war . 
  it 's just that you 're this land of lakes and bears and maple syrup that mostly stands aside when it comes to global wrestling . ), 
  hey , we left 2 different massive unions in the last 100 years once we judged they were n't worth it/tolerable anymore . 
  but the common defense clauses of both nato * and * eu ( yes , there is that within eu , and it 's actually written in a way that makes the obligations fiercer than for nato ) only works as long as people and countries hold true to defending each other . 
  nobody wants war . 
  nato/eu help against war in the best way because random enemies judge that * attacking one means attacking all * . 
  if or when said enemies judge that our mutual obligations are n't worth the paper they 're printed on , they 're going to attack . 
  and at that point , the whole agreement - deterrent - falls apart . 
  omg west euros most kindest and charitable people in the world , investing in eastern poland out of the goodness of their hearts , certainly not expanding their markets and getting better shields against aggressive neighbors like in cold war , rich people get rich and stay rich by giving lots of charity ~ yeah , noblesse oblige is a cool story , but let 's not insult each other 's intelligence . 
  but we would n't be able to . 
  for my case , serbia is one thing , russia something completely different . 
  there 's not even the faintest chance of managing to resist russia for us , just the thought is absurd . 
  and yeah i got triggered in this thread by all the western folk ( germans mostly ) talking about self-interest , `` not our problem '' , `` but i do n't want to fight '' etc etc. 
  as if * anyone * wants to fight , the thing is , war sometimes does n't ask for your opinions about that , it 's fight or die . 
  in the case of the west abandoning the east again , the east would be smarter to not only surrender , but become proper `` comrades '' this time . 
  be on the winning side for once , beats being the punching bag . 
  [ nato map . 
  ] ( http://geoawesomeness.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/nato-member-states.png ) [ eu map . 
  ] ( https://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-vector-map-of-europe-with-eu-countries-highlighted-in-blue-and-option-for-other-countries-to-be-155423051.jpg ) countries that border russia , and are in both : estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland . 
  countries that are both , and do n't border russia , but are very close one way or another : romania , bulgaria , arguably the whole balkan , also hungary and slovakia . 
  the only actual exceptions are ... sweden and finland . 
  ( i heard that `` reliable '' allies like in this study are among the reasons finns wo n't join nato . ), 
  let 's not pretend that this study was asking about defending turkey or albania , or that germans are stupid enough to not know what the question was . 
  as for skepticism , western uk left , and then western - and founder !, 
  - france rumbled about leaving recently , so i 'm also suspicious about intentions , myself . 
  it 's about peace , and it 's about money . 
  money for us in terms of funds and investments , money for you in terms of expanding market . 
  people rant about poland getting those 80 billion euros ... within the same time-frame , germany * alone * sold 50 billion worth of products in poland . 
  the plot twist about the funds is : you ca n't sell anything to the dirt poor . 
  this is why the rich invest in the poor , not the kindness of their hearts , but making more money . 
  as for peace , apparently fellow euros ca n't be counted on , should shit hit the fan . 
  usa it is , america first !, 
  one day , it looks like eu is pulling ahead in a good direction , and then the next day , you get something like this . 
  ( yes , i 'm counting ee nato as eu , because it mostly is . 
  russia wo n't be invading turkey any time soon , it 'll be baltics/poland/romania in that scenario . ), 
  so eu leaders rant about `` brotherhood and unity '' ( maaaan , where did i hear this before ? 
  ) , we 're all european on this blessed day , ever closer union , look what nice values we have , we 're equals etc etc etc. . . and yet . 
  and yet the ee members of the union ca n't even count on something as basic as military help in the case of russian invasion . 
  usa and * canada * are more reliable than france , germany and spain , and they live an ocean away . 
  perhaps we should stop pretending this whole fancy project is anything other than * self-interest * that 'll evaporate the moment real trouble happens . 
  there is such a thing as `` defensive war '' . 
  you may rant all you want against the attacking side and their politicians ( as well as the politicians on the defending side , depending on how much they tried to reasonably negoatiate ) , but i do n't have much patience for people who turn their backs on defending their home . 
  it 's the equivalent of being a bystander to murder and saying `` no no , i 'm peaceful , ca n't intervene '' . 
  ... but that 's not how it works . 
  let 's say eastern euros realize that the west has abandoned them * yet again * , and that fighting against russia is useless because no help is coming . 
  why would they fight against such hopeless odds ? 
  or worse yet , give three shits about the western europe ? 
  if i was the estonian/polish/romanian government in such a situation ... you know , i 'd change my rhetoric and bloody well join russia in its march west . 
  beats being the literal meat-shield again . 
  sounds disgusting , does n't it ? 
  like betrayal . 
  but so is the west not giving a toss about `` its convenient shield '' . 
  so according to this poll , usa and * canada * are more reliable than france , spain and germany ... and yet the eu is trying to sell all that stuff about `` brotherhood and unity '' . 
  what utter bullcrap . 
  poles , czech , and slovaks were coming here for decades , i 'm telling you !, 
  they were into us long before it was cool , like the true travel hipsters :'), 
   croatia is basically never seen as eastern europe in my west but rather the balkans . 
  hah but that 's even worse , balkans may as well be mongols , when you look at the tone .
