  it does n't compare ... a situation like this one , let 's say for the sake of the argument that europe - all of it - becomes so morally messed up it decides to deport every single muslim/mena person , regardless of guilt . 
  ethnic cleansing , right . 
  well ... these people are so outnumbered they do n't stand a chance . 
  i guess it depends on the perspective . 
  are you the one that attacks or the one that defends ? 
  or both ? 
  people talk about the awesomeness of `` european culture '' or whatever . 
  and according to some rules , venice/italy fall under this euro culture , while turkey does n't . 
  meanwhile , * both of them * tried to annex us for centuries . 
  in one `` weird '' event , dubrovnik/ragusa sold a bit of its land to ottomans ... to protect itself from venice . 
  it worked , ragusa stayed mostly independent ( definitely not-annexed ) ... until * napoleon * put a stop to that . 
  it goes on and on . 
  i mean , the inventions of europe are certainly something good , but then again china also had inventions . 
  when i add up all the robbery and murder that europe traditionally did to itself - yeah , it 's kinda awful . 
  it 's just that europe `` won '' against americas and so on . 
  but that does n't make it `` a good place '' from my pov . 
  more hypocritical , maybe . 
  something something `` this is why jugoslavija fell apart/ko nas bre zavadi '' . 
  instead of taking other people 's clay , we fight against each other . 
  \\* sigh * i guess we 'll have to call on italy then . 
  they 've been complaining about your vignette 's anyways . 
  are you telling me you 're actually alpine serbs ~, 
  hehehe you lost them same way you got them . 
  thanks for the unesco stuff you left behind , tho :3 also in other news , gib back trst , rightful jugo clay !, 
  ^ ( i 'm convinced slovenia would n't bother us with piran and whatever if you just gave them trieste  . < ), 
  and thank your lucky stars for that . 
  in other news , bosnia recently started ranting about neum again , trying to stop/delay our building of pelje\u0161ac bridge ( it only took more than 300 years ! ) . 
  their reasoning is `` yes but slovenia managed ! '', 
  i think the rough idea is to be something like the benelux for example . 
  alliance that varies in degrees of tightness , depending on what the common interest ( or the lack of it ) is . 
  most infrastructure in the eu goes west-east , and that does n't properly benefit us on the periphery . 
  idk , maybe it 's just my impression from reddit and what i hear happens with the `` gastarbajter '' in west eu ... but , the complaints about jobs and wage depression etc are pretty common . 
  not everywhere of course , ireland is quite different from uk ( and i 'm not talking just brexit , but `` the situation on the ground '' ) . 
  but the east/west , or more accurately , poor/rich divide ( remember the `` pigs '' moniker ? ), 
  and snobbery that comes with it is pretty common , no ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think it 's a * drastic * problem . 
  but in regards to the problems that poor/rich creates - legit problems , brain drain for us , more competition for all sorts of jobs for you - well this 3 seas initiative is an example of `` europoors '' trying to work out a neat bit of business for themselves . 
  like , we figured it 's no good waiting for crumbs from germany 's table - which is sensible , i think we can both agree . 
  and yet , brussels/germany do n't approve . 
  like ... what the hell are we supposed to do , then ? 
  edit : ah , saw your edit now . 
  yeah , i agree that both sides are to blame , this silly anti-eu rhetoric from some of the east feels cringey . 
  orban campaigning against eu ... through infrastructure that eu built . 
  it 's embarrassing , and everyone outside of this local audience can see through it . 
  way to work on your reputation !, 
   no doubts that 30 % of european gas consumption will have to be american gas . 
  well , it wo n't * have to * be anything . 
  trump is n't building these terminals , he does n't own them in any way ( so far ) . 
  the one we 'll build on krk will be co-financed by eu . 
  if he does offer some cookies in return , like weapons on discount or whatever other support , then sure usa will get `` privileged '' access . 
  but the name i 've been hearing the most in regards to that terminal is * qatar * . 
  usa is interested for sure , and trump 's support is meaningful , but they 're not the only ones in line . 
  moreover , we 're ahead of romania and bulgaria in hdi , pretty close to latvia - 0.003 points away . 
  i can see romania and bulgaria looking better than us because they 're split in more regions/more centralized around their capitals , but somehow latvia is in 30-40 range while we 're below 20 ... so that 's * two levels * above us ... for 0.003 points and , uhh , one spot on the hdi ranking ? 
  this does n't look right . 
  even in 2014 ( older stats , like in this map ) , you had latvia 0.819 croatia 0.818 . 
  france-uk and denmark-sweden are the historical record-holders for `` most wars with each other '' , so no , it 's not only bad germany that 's the problem . 
  oh i know why the criticism happens . 
  i even support it in the case of poland and hungary and their ... issues with the constitution and orban being orban . 
  it just seems funny to me that someone like donald trump - well , let 's call him `` awkward '' - is more capable of getting good karma points in poland . 
  look at that speech ( written not by him , but who cares ) where he acknowledges poland 's existential struggles through history , as well as poland 's contributions to europe . 
  i do n't know when 's the last time i heard anything as remotely as positive and * respectful * from west eu , it 's always like `` hurr durr taking our jobs !, 
  why are you complaining , you have no right to complain because you 're europoor and we 're paying you ! '', 
  as for germany 's interests in russian gas , yes of course it 's there . 
  but given that eeu has reasonable cause to be worried about russia and its influence/possible blackmailing , it looks like germany is just ... selling them out . 
  say , if russia tries to do something to poland , well germany has less cause to * help * if its neck and its money are less on the line . 
  so , that 's not very eu-ish ... bad form from the informal leader of the eu . 
  something like that , yes . 
  the issue is ... iirc we tried that with tunisia , they 're stable and pretty friendly to us . 
  no cigar , they rejected it . 
  which is ... idk . 
  i think that if eu has some room for carrot-and-stick , then it 'll be with tunisia ( or egypt and algeria as you say , morocco could be an option too ) . 
  promise them more ( or less ) trade if they get along ( or do n't ) . 
  eu as a whole is trying to work out something with libya , yes . 
  also the origin states like bangladesh and nigeria . 
  problem is that there 's limited carrot-and-stick with those . 
  we can for example threaten to stop giving aid to nigeria ... but that would more likely turn that place into even more of a shithole , not really helping . 
  they 're not like turkey which is a mostly-functioning state that does trade with us a lot , has a lot to lose , has the ability to guard its borders etc. 
  libya is even worse , they 're a failed state atm . 
  we 're basically trying to ... un-fail it now . 
  call me when it becomes something like the ottoman invasions ... though even that was just `` difficult '' , it did n't destroy us . 
  if push came to shove and the kid-gloves went off , europe could `` handle '' this in a month . 
  we 're not there yet obviously , neither in need nor the mentality . 
  ( by `` handle '' , yes i 'm talking about ethnic cleansing . 
  as i said , we 're not there yet , possibly wo n't ever be because there 'll be no need . ), 
  really ? 
  you 'd like to go to the pre-eu europe ? 
  everybody at war with each other , everybody abusing each other ? 
  those were terrible times , expect maybe for the colonists/empires that did most of the abusing . 
  eu is trying to pull this * awful * , warring continent into peace and prosperity . 
  it 's also trying to encourage the rest of the world into doing the same , as much as it can , because that will make all of the world a better - more prosperous , more profitable - place . 
  obviously this immigrant crisis is the rock-and-hard place situation when it comes to human rights etc. 
  which is exactly what i pointed out in my initial comment , same as my expectation that the eu will * give * and abandon some of those human rights - in this instance . 
  i 'm not talking about africa and europe , but international maritime law . 
  according to that , everyone is supposed to help random people they find almost-drowning at sea , * because obviously they do * . 
  think shipwrecks , which are the main cause of people almost-drowning ( or drowning ) at sea . 
  obviously , this law is now being abused by the smugglers that know the coastal guard has to help the migrants in their leaky boats . 
  so ... law needs updating , closing that loophole . 
  um , did you skip the bit where i pointed out that eu has fewer enemies than usa/china ? 
  it 's not about `` looking good '' for its own sake .
