   and the `` not-giving-a-shit '' of the slav wat ? 
  as in , what does england have to do with slavs ? 
  let me tell you , mikhail is a good comrade !, 
  never complains about pulling my cart uphill both ways . 
  ( but gustav was a fascist spy , politburo took him away . 
  they told me he 's going to eternal grazing grounds , though . ), 
  yea i think you 're right , it 's just a marketing gimmick . 
  the standards are quite rigorous ( to the woe of many a local producer that had to adapt ) , and the product is of the same quality , so there should be no reason for bias . 
  and yet bias exists , it 's fairly common for people from the outside of europe - or from west eu , tbh - to think of the east as `` sadness , commie blocks , poor af '' etc etc , so they 'll judge products as `` sadness '' too . 
  i mean in the early 2000 's , tourists boards and reviews were acting like croatia came into existence in 2002 , so you 'd hear stuff like `` they have * surprisingly * beautiful nature and old history '' and even people being baffled that we have motorways . 
  like , no shit sherlock , did you expect afghanistan ? 
   czech republic why you so sad though ? 
  people keep telling them they 're eastern europe ? 
  and even the arguments against you joining schengen do n't make much sense imo . 
  so apparently the problems are your corruption , and your difficult borders . 
  so you 're unreliable . 
  meanwhile greece is in schengen , their debt crisis is endless ( so much for being reliable ) , and their sea borders with turkey are logistically impossible to police ( not their fault , but there you have it ) . 
  the paris of croatia ... or at least , from what i hear of paris , the situation is similar . 
  i 've last been there in 1997 , and do n't get me wrong , it 's a nice city to visit !, 
  but even then it felt pretty tiny , like it ca n't handle very big crowds , and you can see most of the sights in a day , two maximum . 
  ditto for what i hear of their increasing prices/tourist trap business model . 
  our coast has a bit of a problem - you have beautiful sights and clean sea , plus the hipster-appeal ( * italy is soooo 90 's !, 
  * ) so you want to attract tourists with that , but the more tourists you attract , the less quaint and clean it gets . 
  one good-ish side-effect of the tourist boom is that there 's more to do if you 're not into `` sea and sun '' tourism alone ( so more parties for students ) , and being popular is nice , but i liked it more in the 90 's where you did n't have to struggle for beach spots ( as much ) . 
  tbh the best i can advise is : come in july or september ( crowds are smaller ) , and rent a car - it 's worth it to drive a bit further to the less `` popular '' towns/beaches . 
  because it 'd take some time and money to bring european armies to the level if usa pulled out of nato ? 
  mind you , that does n't mean we should allow ourselves to be pushed around ( well , more than usual ) , or that we should accept fictional debts . 
  and i wonder how much of that military spending is necessary , my impression is that usa has been at war every other tuesday for the last 60 + years , presumably eu would n't care for that - we just need to defend ourselves and our `` oppressed russian minorities '' and such . 
  oppressed turkish minorities , maybe ? 
  meteors are a chinese hoax !, 
  i know , and at least here most of the people i know think positively about the eu , if for nothing else , then because - well , our corrupt/incompetent politicians have less breathing room for their hijinks because of the pressure eu puts on them . 
  ca n't pull out a lot of money from eu if your public sector is inefficient , or a suspicious amount of the money `` goes astray , what sorcery is this '' . 
  but while i 'd say we 're progressing , rome was n't built in a day . 
  the slowness of our judicial system for example , it 's still years off from western-eu standards , and you ca n't just import that , regardless of money . 
  on the other hand , meanwhile we 're doing well when it comes to the percentage of green energy ( passed our 2020 goal in 2014/15 iirc , we 're at 29 % right now ) . 
  i think it 'll depend from case to case . 
  hopefully the majority of the cases will be something we can do . 
  i 'm repeating my arguments from other threads , but anyways ~ if the choice you point out is just a matter of will , as in what politicians decide ( in regards to more federalization for example ) , then that 's perfectly fair . 
  but if practical issues come into the story , it 's different . 
  let 's say common-project-x needs certain infrastructure , efficiency of public sector , percentage of gdp spent on it and such , and it needs to be implemented within let 's say `` 2 years '' . 
  the poorer or the less organized members can have all the goodwill in the world , it 'll be a fact that project-x ca n't physically be implemented in those 2 years . 
  so the better-off members say `` whatever , call us when you catch up '' , with this catch-up time likely growing because the better-off only get richer and the divide widens . 
  i * hope * that it 'll just be a matter of political cooperation , but we 'll see how it 'll actually work in practice . 
  true , he 'll go away . 
  but it 's not just trump , think the controversy of the war on terror , the clusterfuck that 's today 's middle east , for which usa gets a big part of the blame if you ask people ( whether they 're right or not , that 's the perception ) , the spying scandals , hell even the lack of cooperation in regards to important issues like global warming ( chinese hoax , of course ! ) . 
  if trump was just seen as an aberration , his statements of `` america first '' would n't get so readily parodied all across the west ( and further , i was tickled pink when * namibia * of all places joined up ) . 
  i mean , i hope usa - and the `` western '' alliance - eventually pulls through . 
  but i think a lot of the faith in it has been shaken . 
  well , historically yes ? 
  but , christianity spread all over the world , same for secularity , preference of science , development of tech - in my mind , countries like usa , japan etc are just as strong in tech and education ( on average ) . 
  and if we 'll go by historical developments in science , rule of law , human rights etc , it 's not like we were the only bastion of light in the world , arabs and china come to mind . 
  for a specific example , i do n't see why i should feel closer to nordics than canada , when canada shares many of the same values , my uncle emigrated there 30 years ago , he brought his canadian so over here to meet us , and i get a lot of exposure through phone calls , postcards etc. 
  meanwhile i never met a finn . 
  this is n't anything against finland , but i just do n't experience some sense of `` european = common identity '' , when it 's some specific european countries ( like germany ) that i interact with , while i do n't with others . 
  i imagine the first downside would be reorganization , not just of the eu armies ( that 'd need to grow in number of soldiers , also you have the training/facilities/tech to consider ) , but also the fact that most of us are in nato and you ca n't just pull out of such an agreement in 5 minutes . 
  then , i expect most would end up paying more , usa shoulders a disproportionate cost of nato spending , while i do n't think the same would happen in eu ( or at least , not in the same measure ) . 
  the biggest benefit - well . 
  usa has a spotty track record of wars since vietnam , and europe sometimes gets dragged into it . 
  also they 've recently elected a meme into office , same meme that 's palling around with putin , so even the nominal `` usa defends europe from russia '' goes out of the window . 
  and i guess people may feel that for example a german soldier or politician will care more about the baltics ( or insert whatever other nationalities ) than the usa does . 
  i still ca n't get over how ridiculous he sounds and looks . 
  like the no-handshake bit , bloody hell if the pm of papua new guinea comes to meet you , you 'll shake their hand * because this is what adults do * , regardless of who 's more powerful in the situation . 
  it 's common politeness . 
  then look at the tweet , the language he uses :  `` despite what you have heard from the fake news , i had a great meeting with the chancellor angela merkel . '', 
  capitalization ? 
  * fake news * ? 
  what is this , the youtube comment section ? 
  some kid you accuse of something and he goes on shaking his head , saying `` nuh nuh , it was n't me mom , timmy was lying '' ? 
  i mean i get bad politicians , but this is a new low . 
  if it continues like this , i expect geopolitical negotiations will consist of tweets containing `` u mad bro ? '', 
  in the future . 
  eh , at least over here , the dictatorship was political - everyone had to be a good little comrade espousing how awesome the politburo was . 
  but workers ' rights were more protected than in glorious capitalism . 
  mama rusija was euroskeptic before it was cool !, 
  ok , what is europe ? 
  it 's just a continent , same as all other continents . 
  being `` european '' is the equivalent of living in some street , where you never interact with most of the people , aside from the richest/closest ones . 
  i do n't get people who say they `` love europe , but not eu '' , when europe by itself is - what ? 
  is there some strong * european identity * i somehow missed meeting by accident ? 
  if we 'll go by identity/culture/economy / politics/army , i have more interaction with usa or china than most european countries . 
  the eu on the other hand , is a common economic/political project , so then we can talk about europe like a thing that matters to the common people . 
  it think the truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  in my experience , the easiest way to rob the people you 're supposed to govern is to wave the national flag with one hand , while the other rifles through their pockets . 
  on the other hand , i think it 's in human nature that power corrupts and there 's only so many people you can care about , so giving more power to fewer people will usually harm the `` periphery '' , the lands/people that are more distant from whatever capital of power . 
  so in that sense , having more of the `` smaller-governors '' , which in this case translates to national politicians , is better for the common joe . 
  [ * politburo take karma , such is life . 
  redditor for 11 months , no posts or post karma , -2 comment karma , and this is the single comment visible in your history . 
  amazing how you felt the need to fire up your alt ( i assume ) to share this bit of well-explained wisdom ... 
  you 're probably on the right track , with the regulations and the can-do attitude . 
  i 'm seriously generalizing here , but my impression is that usa has more faith/desire in `` making it '' , becoming one of those super-successful millionaires that `` pulled themselves by the bootstraps '' , started from nothing , and invented something awesome . 
  and the regulations side of the story supports that `` winner take all '' schtick . 
  while us euros seem more conservative/less idealistic when it comes to believing in those success-stories . 
  mind you , i think this has the other side , too . 
  again generalizing , but since europe in general believes less in `` anyone can make it '' , we 're friendlier to the concepts of social security nets for everyone . 
  or at least that 's how i explain the usa 's allergy to universal health insurance , free universities etc. 
  if you believe that anyone can make it , you 'll likely be more suspicious of `` those lazy freeloaders '' . 
  hmm , good point . 
  when i think of media , i think of hollywood and the various tv channels like hbo , who ( again , according to my impression ) blow all of europe * put together * out of the water ( brits are the 2nd in that , but without them i ca n't recall many european movies/shows that are popular across the world ) . 
  then innovation , i was thinking computer science which is again mostly sponsored by usa , same goes for nasa or even the more recent-ish spacex . 
  not sure about other areas , aside from german cars ( plus east asia ) mostly dominating their field .
