  + official language is catalan . 
  + around a third of the people are actually andorran , the rest is french/spanish/portuguese . 
  so only around a third can vote and stuff . 
  + so my crazy backpacking brother passed through there a few years back . 
  dunked himself in some nice-looking stream ... [ could have been this one , for all i know . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/odityqw.jpg ) drank some of that water because `` why not '' . 
  aaaand he had the runs all the way back to croatia  :d, 
  is n't pretty much everyone selling to the saudis ? 
  so , small countries like montenegro taking the moral high ground would be both useless and harmful to their economy . 
  you accuse me of stupidity , and you turn around and say such obtuse things i wonder whether you 're trolling or just ... naturally like that . 
  russia has been aggressive in the past and * is aggressive as we speak . 
  * aggressive towards anyone it can push around . 
  greater eu dependency on their gas gives them more leverage , it 's that simple . 
  stalin was from georgia ? 
  how is that relevant in any way ? 
  he did n't fill those gulags all by himself in the name of georgia . 
  blaming georgia for ussr bullshit is like blaming austria for the holocaust . 
  do n't pull my leg . 
  eu stopped the war in ukraine ? 
  which planet are you living on , the war in ukraine is alive and well . 
  eu managed to achieve next to nothing . 
  and `` eu '' is a misnomer when certain members are building yet another gas-pipeline to russia , is n't it ? 
  russia would be free to do little . 
  they depend on exports ... gas included , gas in particular . 
  it 's a bit hard to keep waging war on every neighbor that displeases you when your economy is on its knees , is n't it ? 
  but russia knows it wo n't come to that , because russia knows that certain members will do all in their power to buy * even more * russian exports , which is ns2 's purpose . 
  also , bigger members ? 
  you think that includes your euroskeptic country ? 
  [ do n't overestimate yourself . 
  ] ( https://i1.wp.com/order-order.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/eu-%c2%a3250-miillion.png?fit=540%2c365&amp;ssl=1 ) germany wants uninterrupted access to russian gas ... which it then means to resell to the rest of us . 
  but that 's german profit , not mine . 
  well , the three seas initiative is trying to ... go around ns2 . 
  poland already has an lng , now croatia is supposed to build another one in northern adriatic ( around a third of the money will come from the eu ) , the idea is to link those and basically have another gas-source . 
  as far as i can tell , germany means to resell that gas to the rest . 
  so , this is competition . 
  in the last 100 years , russia beat the nazis and sent a man to space , that was good . 
  remember the gulags ? 
  the poverty and misery that came from russia-imposed socialism ? 
  ( i know to blame russia here because yugoslavia had socialism also , and it was n't as good as western capitalism , but we were classes above the eastern block . ), 
  remember the way that russia imposed its ways on the east - coups and similar - and annexed more than a few countries into ussr ? 
  * that is not a contribution . 
  * the examples of poland , czechia and romania alone show how well these countries can advance when freed from the `` comrades '' . 
  in a plot twist , they can start catching up to * you * , you who were lucky enough not to get occupied by stalin . 
  but if your history lessons somehow skipped over all that , take a look at how russia treats its neighbors - as we speak . 
  you 're thinking like such a. . . idealistic westerner that thinks appeasement is always the answer and everyone wants fine cooperation that benefits all . 
  no wonder the east eu does n't trust you lot as far as they can throw you . 
  you 're either naive , as i said already , or you 're willfully blind to the point that you 'll sell members of the eu - which benefits you a lot , make no mistake - for the sake of somewhat cheaper gas . 
   i just hope uk proves life outside of eu is possible ... for islands that still have ties to the rich commonwealth , yes . 
  no ... russia is n't a threat to me . 
  as in , not as much , unless they fund another mess in bosnia . 
  my country stopped buying russian gas after they closed off the pipes in the middle of the winter a few years ago - iirc it was some argument with ukraine . 
  for which we frankly could n't have cared less at the time ... what we wanted then and want now is a reliable source of gas . 
  which russia is n't . 
  they 've literally shown they 'll fail to deliver for sidenote reasons . 
  and giving them even more monopoly is frankly illogical . 
  any monopoly is bad , because then the one delivering can blackmail you . 
  ( yes , the same would be true if the gas was only from usa ... or anyone , for that matter . ), 
  poland and co being nervous about russia , and me acknowledging it , is just icing on the cake . 
  as for perspective ~  but also as an important partner that can contribute a lot to strenghten europe . 
  yeah , they could . 
  they 've shown no desire to do so in the last 100 years , and they 're certainly not showing it now , starting with frozen conflicts in georgia ( oh look , they 're moving the border inch by inch !, 
  ) , annexation of ukrainian lands , cyber attacks , all that . 
  * do n't be naive * . 
   is one of the main reasons the eu is going to fail , that the eu looks out for its member states ? 
  you 'd think concerns such as * safety * would have a higher priority than * profit * . 
  eastern eu sees russia as a possible existential threat . 
  we can debate on whether that 's justifiable or not ( given russia 's history and present behavior , i 'd say it 's more justifiable than not ) . 
  germany does n't see russia as a threat ... of course they would n't , geography alone means there are meat shields between here and there . 
  germany wants more cheap gas , poland and company want to stay , you know , safe from russia and its blackmail . 
  as i said , when there are conflicting interests , we should look at * priorities * . 
  well , ex-yu keep the vast majority of their intolerance ... for the other parts of ex-yu . 
  when you 'd think index could n't fall any lower , it turns to covering ... * facebook * . 
  that 's just sad . 
  there 's this delusional opinion going around the yugonostalgic circles , how juga falling apart made us irrelevant . 
  ussr and communism falling made us irrelevant . 
  the non-aligned movement survived it , you know ? 
  and it 's currently about as relevant as the african union , if not less . 
  the ground that we have here has few resources and not that much population ( seriously , all of ex-yu added up does n't equal a single poland ... somewhat bigger than romania , iirc ) . 
  and history is a perfect mirror of that , western balkans have * never * been relevant to anyone , outside of 1945-1991 , which was just tito using a very narrow political opportunity created by not himself , but the cold war . 
  if you think anyone would care about yugoslavia had it kept itself together ... when they stopped caring even before it fell apart ... 
  i do n't know what to tell you . 
  ah , i do n't expect the pis people will care about this ... 
  i suppose it 'll be time to punish them on the next elections ? 
  which is a pity . 
  we have some ideas concerning the three seas thing , poland is definitely a part of that . 
  anyways ... in the hope that these protests work out ~ ** come on polan !, 
  ** ** do n't be the alabama of eu !, 
  are these countries in the eu ? 
  did they sign up `` not to dismantle the checks and balances of power '' to join it and stay a member of it ? 
  then this is random whatabouttism . 
  i 'd understand you perfectly if you did n't keep using wrong words . 
  i 'm also irritated by little ghouls whose mothers never taught them the rules of civilized behavior , but unfortunately i run into them often . 
  very sad . 
  estonia and montenegro are also dead links for me . 
  this map is a great idea !, 
  no , not natives as a whole . 
  `` white trash '' - which is not wording they came up with but were taught by the other irish . 
  and i asked them in the line of `` so ireland has a lot of immigrants lately ... which group is the most troublesome ? 
  '' , and that 's when they said that if there 's any troublesome group , then it 's the not so much the immigrants but - a certain type of irish . 
  also said that the mafia , in as much as it exists , is run by the irish instead of , idk , the albanians or whomever .
