  it does n't fit into the narrative of `` see , muslims are the bad ones '' , especially since from all the sides in that war within bosnia , muslims did the least amount of war crimes . 
  should we then conclude that it 's mostly the orthodox that are bad ? 
  ... of course not , that 's ridiculous . 
  it was n't motivated by religion , or if it was , religion would be among the last on the list of reasons . 
  that article is a hack coloring the situation in a way that makes it very simple for outsiders to understand . 
  you could write literally the same article and replace religion with `` language '' . 
  as in , same people that say they have few non-muslim friends will also say they have few non-bosnian-speaking friends ... because they have few non-bosniak friends . 
  country is still divided along ethnicity , and with it , language and religion come as * accessories * . 
  for example , i 've been baptized as a child . 
  religion plays next to no role in my life . 
  i still count towards the catholic statistic ... because being `` catholic '' is just a tradition you do . 
   what do you mean next to nothing ? 
  exactly that . 
  that war was ethnic , not religious . 
  nobody takes religion very seriously here , that is , we 're very good at cherry-picking what we like ( like christmas ! ), 
  and ignoring the rest . 
  ( yes , chill muslims do exist , we 've lived with them here for a long time , another reason blaming it all on islam looks narrow-minded to me . ), 
  and the motivation was mostly good old land-grab , not any kind of `` god told me to kill the heretic '' . 
  and yugoslavia fell apart for many and varied reasons , like the soviets falling which made our neutral 3rd option irrelevant , serious economic trouble , communism and dictatorship falling apart in general , old grudges , etc etc etc. 
  seriously , the only people i 've even seen chalking it up to religion are clueless westerners :p and as for the far future , we 'll see . 
  i think our robot overlords , the colonization of mars , as well as the need for universal basic income ( omg marx is giggling in his grave ! ), 
  will come faster . 
  after those , all bets are off in regards to how society will function . 
  that , or we have a 3rd world war and/or the collapse of our fine society cause of global warming . 
  either way , i think that talking about 40 years in the future is a dubious proposition , when the concept of * human labor being the driving force of society * is dying increasingly fast . 
  or most of us will die anyways :p, 
  if it gets bad enough , do another operation storm , only at whole europe level . 
  it wo n't get that bad - outright war - for a long time , if ever . 
  in the meantime , alleviate the pressure by banning the radical preachers etc , and also break up the ghettos . 
  this is answer to / u/ilikewaffles95 too - integration * can * work ( look at murica , a country made almost entirely of immigrants from all over the world ) , however : a ) you ca n't allow yourself to turn into bosnia , a country where half of the population is made of two different and strong `` minorities '' , and b ) scatter the immigrants around . 
  of course they do n't have to integrate when they have whole city blocks of their own people . 
  mind you , i do n't think this 2nd one is legal either . 
  you ca n't tell people where to live based on ethnicity/religion/etc , no ? 
  that 's discrimination . 
  you ca n't move the natives around either . 
  the low-hanging fruit wo n't be enough , is what i 'm saying . 
  one partial solution is to ban the hate-preachers , those radicalizing imams and so on . 
  which wo n't help the spread that happens through internet ... and solving * that * would need government intervention in our `` free '' internet , which again , we do n't want . 
  ( and can still be bypassed anyways , see how chinese do it . ), 
  cutting off the financing from the saudis would be another partial solution . 
  but again , more complicated than it sounds , saudis know we need their oil . 
  and again , doing anything to destabilize saudi arabia would possibly have worse consequences ( see how `` interventions '' in the middle east worked out so far ... they did n't ) . 
  again , completely `` solving '' the problem of radical islam in europe would probably require ethnic cleansing . 
  which , at this point , is like cutting off your arm because one of the fingers is infected . 
  it wo n't happen until there 's a full-blown civil war going on ... if it ever comes to that ( i do n't think it will ) . 
  besides . 
  yugoslavia had a real war during its break-up . 
  it had next to nothing to do with religion , so all this `` omg muslims '' seems to be missing the point from my perspective , which is ~ haters gon na hate , and they 'll always find some other * excuse * if you take away the old one . 
  yes , stop it , alright . 
  but that 's not gon na help you with those already there . 
  so , i 'm waiting . 
  what do about them ? 
  mm , i know . 
  they 're very delusional , though . 
  if europe took off the kid gloves , it 'd be over in a week . 
  and that will happen if they push far enough . 
  or maybe they 're not delusional , this all looks far too planned to me . 
  i 'm not talking about the idiot pawns that do the attacks , but their leaders . 
  so these leaders , they may chant about virgins in heaven for the righteous , but that 's just the `` opium for the masses '' , there must be something tangible - like money or whatever - in it for them . 
  not exactly sure what . 
  but assuming that they have some real plan , as i do , i guess they 'll never push it `` too far '' . 
  from what i 've seen of these threads so far , people want `` something done '' . 
  when you ask them what this something is supposed to be , they either go on about `` no more immigration '' ( which ignores the fact that many of those are 2nd or 3rd gen ) , or they awkwardly shift and say `` deportation '' . 
  except . 
  except you can hardly trial people that have n't done anything . 
  so , it 's `` guilty without being proven guilty '' ( what a fine idea to give our governments such powers !, 
  ) , and this deportation would be , according to them , done on a very large scale . 
  there 's a term for that . 
  it 's called ethnic cleansing . 
  thanks for the downvote . 
  and you 're talking nonsense . 
  prisoner ? 
  oppression ? 
  most of the eu power is with the pm 's / presidents we elect , that is , the eu council . 
  if anything , we get more say now than we did when outside the eu , but still having to do most of the trade with it . 
  at that time , we had to obey most of their regulations with no say at all . 
  and crying about that , may as well cry about being small and weak , crying wo n't change the fact that you 're not a `` free strong country that can do as it pleases '' ... like usa , and pretty much no other country in the world . 
  ( china may get there in the next few decades . ), 
  oppression ... are they imprisoning wrongthink ? 
  killing free expression , free voting for various political options ? 
  or before that , acting like austro-hungary did , with nice things like the attempted forceful magyarization ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  eh , we 're a problem in that sense , cause we were n't behind the iron curtain . 
  not only was our communism pretty different from the rest ( it mostly functioned for quite some time ) , our official thing was being `` neutral in-between '' . 
  that was a good thing , could trade with both , travel to both , both invested sweet money here to keep us neutral . 
  that was the closest thing to `` best of both worlds '' , i think . 
  so it 's maybe kind of a pity we pivoted so much toward the west . 
  or ... `` east '' and `` west '' may have been interpreted differently . 
  not usa vs ussr , but older than that . 
  we had way better times with austro-hungary than our neighbors did with ottomans . 
  oppression ? 
  eu can barely make anything happen . 
  if it 's a joke , then it 's because it 's too weak , everyone does as they please . 
  look at the exhibit a : euro . 
  common currency , without a common fiscal policy . 
  if this weak * barely visible * thing is what you call oppression , either you 're dramatically exaggerating , or the czech were n't as oppressed in the past as i thought they were . 
  nah it 's kinda hard to get them to visit again for a symbolic amount of yugomonies if they follow these instructions !, 
   google bura well , this is the extreme winter-example , but [ there you go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrejotkhxlc&amp;t ) basically , the adriatic may look calm - and theoretically it is , it 's no ocean - but bura can come down from the mountains pretty easily , so seriously , check the forecast lest it catches you while sailing and you go like `` where did this come from ?? '', 
  the velebit channel is especially prone to it .
