  but even that tiny number simply refuses to come here . 
  i heard of similar happening in czech rep , about those resettled there leaving for germany the next day . 
  those that are in italy and greece , i also do n't see * any * of them wanting to stay there ... 
  for all that europe likes to think it 's awesome , we 've been at war with each other since ... ever . 
  seriously , history reads less like `` sometimes there was peace '' and more like `` sometimes there were breathers in which we power up for more war '' . 
  now this mostly-peaceful europe in the last 60 + years , you can also say that it 's because we leveled half of the continent in wwii so we did n't have much strength for more war , and this also gave other interested countries more time to build their own dominating economies , as well as nukes . 
  nuke-holders may be of questionable morality , but they are n't * stupid * - that sort of war ( that starts in europe ) is one where everyone loses , and hideously . 
  so , peace here , conflicts mostly turn into cold wars , or are exported into middle east/vietnam/etc . 
  but then again , the sort of `` peace '' europe had under the cold war/threat of nukes may not have harmed the western euros much , but it was very shitty in the east . 
  so you ca n't give credit for the more-recently rising prosperity in these parts to the nuke-deterrent . 
  and obviously it 's good that the big fish ca n't push us around that easily anymore . 
  well ... depends . 
  would they make conditions on staying ? 
  as in , even looser rules than they had before ? 
  i do n't see it happening in that case , and i also do n't see all the people that voted for brexit accepting any deal where everything stays as it was . 
  ( iirc the opinion polls in uk show that opinions are unchanged in regards to brexit being bad or good . ), 
  as far as i understand that philosophy , free will can ( often does ) lead to evil . 
  evil can not exist in heaven , so there can be no free will in it ( i guess nobody minds because they 're eternally stoned or something ) . 
  since free will can exist on earth , and since it sometimes leads to evil , it follows logically that evil itself can exist on earth ... along with all the closely related `` bad things '' . 
  it 's legal here , has been from the commie times . 
  that is , it 's legal up until a few months in , after that only if it 's dangerous for the mother , or there is a reasonable medical indication that something is wrong with the fetus , but that 's more a matter of medicine ( procedure is dangerous to do after a while ) . 
  mind you , our right-est loons tried to make a run against it recently , but the constitutional court shut them down ... even made the gathering of signatures for a referendum `` unconstitutional '' as well ;d we may be `` good little catholics '' , but some of those `` dreadful commie '' ideas and laws are way too useful to change anytime soon \\ ^ ^, 
  translation ( done fast , sorry if i messed something up ) ---------------------- & nbsp ; ## medical experts adopted the declaration on the importance of vaccination : a decision on vaccination is not the right of parents & nbsp ; * `` a decision on vaccination of children is not and can not be the exclusive right of parents . 
  children have more right to health than the parents have the right to choose , '' according to a declaration which corresponds to more widespread anti-vaxxers movement in croatia . 
  * zagreb - croatian medical chamber ( cmc ) and the croatian institute for public health ( ciph ) adopted on friday the declaration on the importance of vaccination , which stresses that the child 's right to health is more important than the rights of parents to choose , and the benefits of vaccination on health are incomparably greater than the risk of side effects . 
  `` a decision on vaccination of children is not and can not be the exclusive right of parents . 
  children 's right to health is greater than the rights of parents to choose , '' according to a declaration which corresponds to more widespread anti-vaxxers movement in croatia . 
  it is supported by the signatures of a series of prominent medical experts , representatives of legislative and executive authorities in the field of health , the competent regulatory authorities , the world health organization , professional medical associations , experts of medicine and the faculty of law and representatives of patients ' associations . 
  ## the constitutional duty to protect the health of children the declaration recalls that it 's the constitutional duty of the state to protect human health , especially children , and to the convention on the rights of the children of croatia committed to the recognition of the child 's rights to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of health , including preventive health care . 
  `` vaccination is one of the greatest medical advances of the modern era and is one of the safest medical interventions . 
  it is , without doubt , scientifically established that the benefit of vaccination on health is incomparably greater than the risk of possible following , usually singular , adverse events , '' said the declaration , adopted in the framework of the round table `` vaccination : truth vs. misconceptions '' which was organized by the cmc and ciph in conjunction with the school of public health `` andrija \u0160tampar '' . 
  the declaration was issued ahead of sunday 's `` peaceful assemblies '' that were announced for sunday , april 9 , in zagreb and split , by opponents of mandatory vaccination that announced the answer to `` repressive measures and pressure from the media and the entire legislative and health and education system , which imposes an obligation on the vaccination of children . '', 
  therefore , the declaration expressed concern over the data that states a significant number of parents in croatia would abandon vaccination if it were n't a legal requirement . 
  `` many citizens find it easier to give credence to unreliable and inaccurate sources of information , than they accept information obtained from doctors and professional institutions '' , it states and warns that the decline in vaccination coverage in the population could lead to irreversible and catastrophic consequences for the health of people and nation . 
  all relevant entities in the profession , politics and society are invited to achieve a strong , lasting and comprehensive agreement on the need and importance of regular implementation of vaccination . 
  ## in the enlightened countries of high immunization coverage due to the demands of the public that vaccination should no longer be a legal requirement in croatia , the declaration states that this will be possible only when we have achieved `` a high level of enlightenment and education of people of all ages . '', 
  the round table highlighted the example of scandinavian countries where vaccination is not required by forcible legal standards , but vaccination is higher than in some other countries with legal requirements for vaccination , such as bosnia and herzegovina , serbia or montenegro . 
  `` the road to that is long and only constant work can achieve the desired effect , and until then the legal norm represents a valid and legitimate act of society in the fight for the health of individuals and populations '' , according to the declaration . 
  the participants pointed out the seriousness of the possible consequences in the event of the fall in the vaccination of children and indicate what needs to be done to prevent it . 
  `` vaccination is one of the most effective medical interventions . 
  smallpox was eradicated , we 're close to the global eradication of polio , and diseases such as neonatal tetanus , tuberculosis meningitis , measles and rubella are virtually eliminated . 
  the views of relevant medical profession on the importance of vaccination are agreed '' , said the director of the croatian institute for public health krunoslav capak . 
  mm , does n't it usually go like : `` terrorist attack -  ... -  police admits the perpetrator was known as a radical/potentially dangerous to them '' . 
  those radicals are a small-ish section of the population , and all that 'd be needed to round them up is enough political will . 
  it would n't catch those that just do n't act suspiciously , or those that snap out of nowhere , but it 's a start . 
  right , but are n't they the champions in using all those eu funds well ? 
  now others improved too , but i wonder how much of that is thanks to eu , and how much is just a natural improvement that continued . 
  our case for example , we were also growing in the dozen years before joining eu . 
  i guess that eu did help us ( especially the reforms we had to make to join in the first place ) , but all i can tell with a quick look is that [ the crash of post-2008 hurt us . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/nominal_gdp_per_capita_of_croatia.png ) ( we do n't theoretically use the euro , but our kuna follows it religiously , and we take the biggest loans in euro/usd anyways , so it 's moot point . ), 
  except you 're wrong too , in this context it translates as `` neckbeard '' !, 
  but what if the two sides ca n't agree ? 
  is n't the bigger state just freely letting parts of it secede more the exception than the rule ? 
  * especially * if the rebellious part happens to be big or rich . 
  in that case , the next thing to do would be involving outsiders to weigh in ... not that un is particularly useful in practice , for example the kosovo case . 
  i think it 's about the dutch being salty at finland , because whenever some map with hdi/education/etc shows up here , netherlands and finland are neck to neck . 
  it 's one of the most amusing meta dramas around here , the struggle is very real : , 
  hm , here the context is more - `` stud '' . 
  which makes the username even sadder : <, 
  as far as i can tell , they have the middle class and the `` middle class '' . 
  the first lives comparably to the average euro , the 2nd does n't . 
  of course that depends - some random swede likely has a better life than even the average american , but that need not hold for your random romanian . 
  just look at the brain drain of educated youth in south/east eu and why it 's happening :1 i think it may also come down to personal preferences . 
  i 'd rather live here in croatia - even though it 's more difficult to find a job , because we simply lack jobs and our schools make us a `` jack of all trades , master of none '' . 
  in usa , my college might have been better at preparing me for work and i 'd probably find work more easily , but i do n't like the idea of trading that for all the stress that comes with huge student debts , expensive healthcare , hell even their cities are more for driving than walking . 
  but someone else would feel differently on that . 
  yea we only regained our 1990 gdp in 2003 . 
  so that 's more than a decade lost ... just the direct damages were $ 43 billion ( for context , our yearly gdp in 2013 was $ 57.9 billion ) , something like 21 -- 25 % of our economy basically burned to the ground . 
  add all the loses from the wild privatization in the 90 's ( while we were distracted by war and patriotism , * go figure * ) , plus the fact that yugoslavia was n't doing so well in the 80 's , and it 's a miracle we recovered in 2000 's enough to join eu in 2013 . 
  ( that 's not to say that we do n't have problems with decaying industry , corruption or slow bureaucracy . 
  but countries shake once they lose 5 % of their economy in a small time frame , much less 25 % . ), 
  places other than europe being better at anything - or being as good - brings the euro superiority complex into crisis . 
  so the justification goes , `` well they were colonies anyways , settled by euros , so they are * one of us * - if you squint . '' ), 
  oh come on . 
  let 's not exaggerate now . 
  yes , there are some/many things europe does better than usa ( especially north/west europe ) , but that does n't mean usa does n't also do some things better . 
  there is a good reason why so many of our brightest leave for usa , and have done that for a long time now . 
  ( also , why we buy their software , watch their tv , listen to their songs , benefit from their research etc etc. ), 
  yes , well , you 're adopted anyways , so there !, 
   the eu is very radical about immigration . 
  even if you find that it 's bad , the eu will still force you to accept it . 
  `` the eu '' is n't some thing that was magicked out of nowhere in brussels . 
  the parliament is directly elected by citizens , and the rest , commission , council etc , is made of either heads of state - again , elected by citizens , or appointed by the government ... again elected by citizens . 
  i 'm sensing a pattern here . 
  if all these elected or indirectly elected politicians are going against the will of the people ( when it comes to the refugee crisis for example ) , then that 's the problem of the member states , not `` the eu '' . 
  meanwhile , when it comes to the 4 freedoms being a non-negotiable foundation of the the eu , if you scrap them , we may as well all go home because there 's no point in calling the eu an * union * without them . 
  his statements are getting seriously tiresome , nazi this , decadent failing western pigdogs that . 
  maybe we could have a sticky megathread , to be refreshed on a weekly/monthly basis , named something like `` the best of erdolini [ date - date ] '' ? 
  erm , you ( accidentally , i assume ) posted this comment 12 times . 
  mobile problems ? 
   because i 'm narcissistic like that . 
  that 's ok , most of reddit is rather narcissistic like that ( karma is love , karma is life ) . 
  though it is rather interesting that you can find your comments from 8 months ago ( * saved * , heh !, 
  ) , upmannis for that khaleesi meme ( and interesting comment ) . 
   but after the dear leader died , the old conflicts started to matter . 
  dear leader was a dictator , and the economy was mostly doing fine while he was alive . 
  [ but look at this handsome gdp fall in the 80 's . 
  ] ( https://chnm.gmu.edu/1989/archive/fullsize/econ-module-yogu-gdp-chart-8_b2af6c1915.jpg ) ( i think it 's interesting to look at money , whenever people start getting violent about the others . 
  it 's happening right now in the so-called `` progressive '' western world . ), 
  also , the soviets fell , which made the existence and political power of the buffer-zone yugoslavia largely irrelevant ( there goes that sweet money west was pouring here ) .
