  obviously , the planned reconciliation is n't working . 
  dayton , maybe ? 
  i mean , it 's clear to all that dayton was supposed to be a temporary bandaid . 
  but , would rs go along with it ? 
  that is , could they be forced to go along with it , would serbia ( and russia ? ), 
  let that happen ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i know that bih being split in two entities is n't the only problem , all 3 sides and the corrupt politicians are the problem , but it seems to me that the first step would be abolishing this frankenstein monster where you have `` 2 countries within one country '' . 
  do you still live in bosnia ? 
  because , seriously - are there any improvements ? 
  as in , is anything at all being done ? 
  even just foreign takeovers of companies , even that helps sometimes . 
   `` looks interesting , waves and all , and at least the checkers are still here '' & nbsp ;  zooms in & nbsp ;  commie star & nbsp ;  reeeeeeeeeee, 
  balkan insight is from a doomsday position . 
  bloody hell al jazeera balkans is less sensational and biased , despite the fact that you can see aj 's pro-bosniak/muslim bias from a mile away . 
  to illustrate ... 
  remember that spat uk and spain had around gibraltar ? 
  where some politicians said moronic things , ratting sabers , and it was clear to pretty much everyone that it 's just short political posturing ? 
  well , if balkan insight was atlantic insight , with the same `` quality '' of reporting , giving you the news about the gibraltar issue , a clueless outsider would conclude that wwiii is starting tomorrow and they need to find a nuclear fallout shelter . 
  bi has facts ... mostly . 
  i have n't caught them outright lying yet , at least . 
  everything else , including every single bit of * interpretation * , is trash . 
  oh , sure . 
  but you know how people on this sub sometimes are , they see the flair and go along the lines of '' * you * americans/germans/croats ... ! '', 
  so i felt like setting the record straight , because in this particular case , he 's really not speaking for most of the people from croatia . 
  i figured that either nobody will read it , or it 'll be some poor clerk , so it felt silly to address it to `` the eu/god-emperor juncker/etc '' . 
  so i addressed it to the poor clerk . 
  i think you meant `` highest approval '' ? 
  or lowest disapproval ? 
  maybe i 'm reading your comment wrong . 
  anyways , we 're the 2nd best , 40 % think we `` should not accept any '' , only kosovo is less triggered than we are . 
  but damn , that 's a troubling poll . 
  bloody hell no wonder orban and such are thriving , this is gon na get ugly . 
  my impression is that outside of eventual greater economic gains , the eastern rush was here so that yet another block like the warsaw pact is n't created after the fall of communism . 
  i 'm not talking about the commie/not-commie divisions , but simple politics , the vast , vast majority of european countries are too small to function alone in the increasingly globalized world . 
  so , soviets crashed and yugoslavia fell to pieces , but - some new cooperative block would have been a matter of time . 
  so , reasoning probably went like `` quick , quick , let 's grab them before they recover and get * bright ideas * on their own ! '', 
  v4 could have grown stronger , could have expanded into 3 seas or something like that . 
  and there 's no reason to believe that this new block would be perfectly cooperative with the eu in such a future . 
  that , and/or some of the more peripheral members would have been gobbled up by russia , once russia grew stronger again . 
  on our example ... once we decided to leave yugoslavia , nato and eu were already there as a safety-parachute . 
  and as the 90 's wound down , since our plan was joining those two , we had less reason - or less excuse - to not open our borders to western capitalist pigdogs . 
  but , if that had n't been the case , i do n't think we 'd be so absolutely moronic as to let westerners export whatever they want here , including capitalist owners . 
  plus , i guess i 'm just more distrustful about the `` fine ideals '' bit . 
  i think all politicians * everywhere * work for interests , not ideals , and similar goes for the commoners ( not that people are `` evil '' or anything , but well , everyone looks out for themselves and their loved ones first and last and in between ) . 
  and given the complaints - plus the snobbery - i 'm listening from the west in regards to the east ( and the other way around , lord knows the east whines a lot ) , i think that my suspicion is on point . 
  huh . 
  could you give me source for that map ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , i 'd just like to see if there 's reasoning explained . 
  hmm , could our negativity be comparably low because of bosnians and albanians ? 
  but they do n't perceive it because it really is n't real . 
  if we got 100 000 migrants tomorrow , 99 900 would leave for germany the next day . 
  and short of raising a chinese wall on the borders , there 'd be nothing the eu can do to change that . 
  and that wo n't change for - decades , probably . 
  what 's the point of panicking over something that may or may not happen in 30 years ? 
  when at the same time - ohhh , how i wish that i lived in a country that 's as prosperous as germany . 
  if it ever comes to migrants picking us over germany , i 'll probably be a much , much happier person . 
  i wo n't be unemployed , for a start . 
  yes , but regardless of how croats do or do n't feel about diversity , we 're not getting diversity , because we suck . 
  well , we do n't quite suck , we 're the ass-end of the first quarter of countries in the world , but we suck in comparison to the west . 
  our ppp is something like one third of the one in ireland . 
  so , the issue here is n't * relevant to people * , because the issue is non-existent , and you know that . 
  our press , our public , all of our thinking , is concerned with either ridiculous ideology like discussing the last several wars , or the rampant corruption , unemployment , taxes , the robbers we call politicians , etc etc. 
  also , celebrities asses . 
  this again . 
  first , you 're not speaking for all of us . 
  you 're not even speaking for our government . 
  next , those non-white migrants you 're so scared of are n't interested in staying here . 
  they wo n't be interested in staying here for a long , long time , perhaps never ( yeah , our odds of catching up to the west are between small and zero ) . 
  croatia 's concerns in regards to the eu are all about the economy , because if you have n't noticed , we 're not so good at that . 
  if or when we ever become an attractive destination to migrants , we 'll have already solved most of our * relevant * problems ... and `` eww , non-white people '' are n't a relevant problem to the vast majority of people here . 
  do n't try to make us a part of that silly `` white christian crusade '' , when we 've got corruption , taxes and unemployment to solve . 
  i agree with everything you said , especially the `` they are n't leaving '' bit , except - the net gain . 
  let 's get real for once . 
  the western eu did n't decide to expand east because `` they 're bleeding hearts '' , because they give 3 shits about helping random poor europoors be less europoor or anything like that , why would people care to give their precious money away for free to strangers they have nothing to do with ? 
  such fine ideals live only in '' ~ ~ brotherhood and unity , ~ ~ how about we stop killing each other for a change , eh ? '', 
  eu expanded east because it saw profit in doing so . 
  profit in new markets to sell stuff to . 
  profit in new , big , cheaper workforce . 
  profit in taking over the eastern companies and resources . 
  profit in political stability , the less of belarus and ukraine types the western euros border , the better for them . 
  the west is n't equally nervous about russia because it has shields between here and there . 
  compare that to the cold war and you 'll see one of the many , many points of the eastern expansion . 
  poland leaving cuts off the 3 baltics and puts a potentially unstable and/or hostile country very close to the heart of europe . 
  so no , it wo n't happen , but it wo n't happen because * both * sides of the story wo n't let it happen . 
  the uk is endlessly fascinating , no sarcasm . 
  good points . 
  i do n't know if i made myself clear : i 'm not necessarily disagreeing with you . 
  as in , yes , i do think you 're pointing out very legit converging problems , and our odds do n't look that great . 
  i think you and me have a slightly different pov , we acknowledge the same thing , but our general conclusions are more a matter of opinion , along the lines of `` do you think mankind is * capable * of solving this , if push came to shove ? '', 
  so , notes ... 1 \\ . 
  oh , the unemployment issue is big . 
  and i think it 'll possibly be the most radical change our society has ever faced , for as long as we existed , people * had to work * and * there was work to be done * . 
  we 're facing a dual-change here : jobs are going the way of dodo and yet we 're getting more and more capable of producing things . 
  not quite post-scarcity , but here in the west , we simultaneously have more and cheaper things than 50 years ago , and yet fewer people even get to have a job . 
  so , either we implement solutions like a better distribution of wealth ( ubi is just the start ) , or we 're goners . 
  and i think the few-ish owners of robotized factories will change their minds once the angry masses are breaking down their doors . 
  it 's not a matter of if , but when . 
  tech - that 's why i said that i do n't think we have the real * solution * yet . 
  i 'm talking both radical changes in what we do now , like having cars run on hydrogen , fusion power-plants , even us admitting defeat and sticking to fission plants in the meantime ( or if fusion is bust ) , seriously - * seriously * - improving both batteries and electricity transport so that us in the south can send solar-power to north , crazy gmo 's and improvements in food production ( i read somewhere that a preposterous 40 % of food ends up in trash ) etc etc. 
  but also more radical stuff like the terraforming business i mentioned .
