  ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/image/solomon.stephen/rz7zve8vwbi/aaaaaaaaa7a/qcxn_d7cuxq/croatia-bosnia%20copy.jpg ) also , here 's one for [ slovenia !, 
  ] ( https://letsfeelslovenia.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/slovenia-totally-looks-like-a-running-chicken.jpg?w=640 ), 
  no , i meant , there actually were some killings from the side of the army . 
  44 people , if i recall correctly ? 
  civilian-to-civilian was another ... few hundred ? 
  so , in the context of the scale - 200 000 soldiers , 4 days ' operation that liberated something like 1/5 of our territory - it could have been much worse , that 's what i mean by `` comparatively few '' . 
  but it still did happen , and obviously the goal should be that * none * happen . 
  also , i 'm not a fan of excusing or downplaying revenge-crimes . 
  yes , revenge is something that happens among people because that 's how people are , and storm needs to be taken in the context of an ugly 4-year war where croats were made refugees and worse in their own country . 
  i understand that . 
  but i do n't support `` but they did it first/they did worse '' . 
  frankly , who gives a shit about `` but they 're worse '' , we should strive to be as good as we can be , not `` less bad '' . 
  if that makes sense . 
  til about the falklands thing . 
   croatian army did n't comit any war crimes that 's a stretch . 
  there were some , killing , destruction of homes . 
  the thing about storm is that most crimes were committed in the aftermath by people who were n't the army , and that both the army and the not-army crimes were comparatively * few * , given the scale and speed of the operation . 
  so that 's good , that the whole thing was done pretty professionally ( as professional as it gets in war , anyways ) , but claiming that we 're 100 % saint is silly . 
  i do n't think there 's ever been a war where one side is 100 % saint . 
  so on a philosophical side , this is the reason people should do whatever they can to avoid war , period . 
  even if it 's * just * and considered worth it ( like , appeasement would only make things even worse ) , people need to know that it 's never * pretty * . 
  well , at least you 're taking your downboats manfully . 
  but seriously now , yes these threads tend to be trainwrecks so you did n't exactly say something that 's not true , but keep in mind that the issue is still pretty raw for many people . 
  even if the redditors in question do n't remember the war because they were kids , or not even born yet , most of them have parents that do - scars take a while to fade . 
  i just literally told you we respected arbitration decisions that are far more harmful for us than the ridiculous dispute with slovenia . 
  and we do n't have problems with every neighboring country . 
  we have unsolved borders with every ex-yu country we border , * same as you * , because yugoslavia never settled its internal borders properly . 
  you 're simply lucky that you border only one ex-yu country , so please , take your smug attitude and shove it up where the sun does n't shine . 
  you want more sea ? 
  you think it 's not fair you do n't have a lot of sea ? 
  go bark at italy , they 're the ones that have most of your `` rightful clay '' . 
  ohhh , but you do n't * dare * bark at italy , do n't you , you 're not so tough against nations that can break you like a doll . 
  idiots . 
  both of us . 
  instead of helping each other , like old allies we should be - not like we 're anything more than an afterthought for these `` fine rich euros '' we so admire , like spineless little fangirls , hoping senpai will protect our interests for once - we claw at each other and block each other 's progress . 
  are you feeling * smart about all that * , `` slovenian '' ? 
  ohh , come on , keep your whataboutism consistent at least . 
  you started with wwii , remember ? 
  for your information , we went along perfectly well with the ina-mol arbitration , even though ina is a dozen times more relevant for us than that bathtub of water . 
  we did n't catch the hungarians cheating in the court , though . 
  i hardly believe any anecdote that anyone here says , regardless of nationality . 
  far too many liars . 
  the closest thing to an objective , verified truth comes from the courts - international ones like in hague , because said unrelated foreigners do n't give 3 shits about any of us here - they have no reason to pick some side . 
  we 're too irrelevant for them to establish some propaganda narrative . 
  \\  brings up wwii ohhh , nevermind , i 'm wasting time with you . 
  move to slavonia , get bonus mosquitoes on top of that ( . _ . ), 
  why oh why did our ancestors not stay in poland ... ... on second thought , scratch that . 
  well , bosniaks would first have to admit that there is such a thing as * burek with cheese * , and well . 
  it 's just not happening , we 've been trying to have them see the light for ages , it 's useless . 
  shhh bby it 's ok , burek is love : *, 
  did they also `` feel poor babies to the zoo lions like in sarajevo '' ? 
  [ just be mindful of the anti-towel-anschluss crackdown < 3 ] ( http://www.total-croatia-news.com/lifestyle/20861-no-reservations-mayor-of-brela-keeping-order-on-local-beaches ), 
  for what it 's worth , the whole thing kept rolling through bosnia afterwards ( under a different name , sure , but i see it as one big operation in several stages ) , and the gains made by arbih , hv , hvo ( and usa ) there finally forced slobo & co to the negotiating table for dayton . 
  on a whole , yes that war was stupid , we should have split up peacefully like czechs and slovaks . 
  or , if there had been more wisdom and respect for each other , yugoslavia could have been kept whole as a looser confederation or something like that . 
  but , since that train passed by 1991 , yes we do celebrate victory in an ugly defensive war that lasted 4 years and could have turned us into an equivalent of kurds . 
  if we had attacked you and tried to annex all of serbia except vojvodina , ethnic cleansing and/or choking of your nationality included , you 'd damn well celebrate fighting us off . 
  i had exactly zero choice about where i 'll be born . 
  i did n't even exist , much less have opinions or actions . 
  as for the choices of my ancestors , again , i had zero to do with that , there 's no `` inheritance of responsibility or credit '' there . 
  if , during my lifetime , i move to some other place , decide to * become * something else , then we can talk about my actions . 
  and we can even argue about the credit given to my ancestors , ok let 's say for the sake of the argument that they were clever , hard-working people . 
  but ... so were/could have been plenty others who sicked up as children and died before procreating , or some others who died in battlefields , etc etc. 
  so , * luck * again played its part . 
  uhhh ... well , i 'm proud to be part of the eu . 
  i think it 's a very good idea , despite its flaws and various growing pains , and furthermore , i actively voted to join the eu . 
  proud to be european ? 
  um , no , not really , why would i be ? 
  i see that as nothing more than an arguably lucky accident of birth . 
  and i say arguable , because as i see it , half or more of european history is a history of conflict ... where i do n't see reason to identify with random strangers , especially not when said strangers spent a decent amount of time trying to exploit or kill my ancestors for greed or pride or whatever . 
  i suppose that random people may feel the same about their nationality - accident of birth . 
  for me , that does n't quite work simply because of the 90 's where my family again made a choice - and a very difficult one , at that - to make this country an independent nation of croats . 
  i guess that this feeling will pass with time , may be already dimming with the newer generations . 
  i 'm talking about all sorts of places all over croatia . 
  for example , osijek . 
  some estimates say that it lost 80 % of its population during the siege/shelling . 
  iirc nobody ever got trialed for * that * , and it 's not called ethnic cleansing , unlike vukovar for example . 
  even though the army doing the siege was the same one that leveled vukovar , with presumably the same goals . 
  i guess it comes down to effects in the end ? 
  ( or the scale of the shelling ? ), 
  osijek never fell , so ... 
  but the shelling - civilian buildings also get shelled , period . 
  i 'm no military expert , so i 'm listening to those that are ~ hague actually tried to retroactively establish some `` 200 meters rule '' . 
  as in , if a shell falls closer than 200 meters from civilian objects/areas , it falls under criminal negligence at least . 
  but of course , not only did that same rule not exist in the 90 's , army people say that it makes no sense . 
  something about nobody 's aim being * that * precise , especially in the less-than-ideal circumstances of actual war where soldiers get stressed out , have poor visibility sometimes , etc etc. 
  also , same army people also argued that establishment of that rule would only make things worse , because armies would abuse it - spread themselves out among civilians more , use them as meat shield . 
  so , from that standpoint , the court accusation fell through . 
  mind you , i 'm not arguing that crimes were n't committed at all , be it killing or destruction of property . 
  that 's a fact . 
  but , the whole case was `` did the croatian army intentionally force the serbs to flee , was ethnic cleansing the goal of the operation ? '', 
  and well , the court finally decided that it was not , in large part because the same serbs largely fled before the army even reached them . 
  milan marti\u0107 gave the evacuation order , army went into mostly empty settlements - that 's also a fact . 
  now , whether these same serbs had reasons to be afraid , to doubt tu\u0111man 's assurances , whether i 'd rather not risk it as well if i was in their shoes , that 's a different story . 
  people all over croatia fled their cities because of the shelling by serb forces . 
  and yet , not one of these instances of civilian flight are called ethnic cleansing , it 's not even a matter of trial , but a matter of there being no accusations thrown in the first place . 
  because that 's not what ethnic cleansing is . 
  if it was , literally * every war * would be ethnic cleansing . 
  -9 , -19 even , you can always warm up . 
  cooling down is more difficult ... that is , i need to give up and finally buy ac .
