  then there 's a counter-example : ned stark . 
  he was the opposite , more loved than feared . 
  and ... years after his death , and the fall of his family , people are still fighting for it . 
  and this is done out of loyalty inspired by love . 
  so my take-away from all that is that fear may work better in short-term , but for long-term loyalty , you 're better off with love . 
  i think something similar may work out irl , to an extent . 
  yep . 
  do n't get me wrong , i can sort of see why it 's better to have fear instead of love if you ca n't have both : people are plain more obedient towards fear , i mean just look at most banal irl - you 're more likely to be contrary to your mom than your boss . 
  however his * insistence * on `` whatever you do , do not be hated '' is important . 
  whenever i look at various empires that ruled by mostly-fear , well - they were very much hated , no ? 
  the soviet union is the more recent example . 
  and then look at what happened once they ran into weakness/economic trouble , those that they oppressed cheerfully abandoned ship . 
  ( mind you my triggering at machiavelli `` quotes '' comes from spending a lot of time on r/asoiaf . 
  to hear some of the analyzing there , `` tywin lannister did nothing wrong . '', 
  i ca n't even ... ! ), 
  ohhhh . 
  if i had an euro for every moral relativist that never read machiavelli ( or the relevant wiki pages , even ) excusing atrocities because `` it 's better to be feared than loved , hur dur '' , i 'd be halfway to mutating into a german !, 
  ( i read the relevant wiki pages ! ), 
   inb4 slovenia cackling about austria 2.0 & nbsp ;  obligatory\u017di\u017eek.mp4, 
  nato is doing the same as was ever done : the threat of war-damage being so bad it 's not worth it to wage war . 
  it did n't work through all of human history . 
  nobody is so strong they literally ca n't be attacked by anyone else , except * maybe * usa which happens to be mostly self-sufficient in terms of resources , and borders canada , mexico , and two oceans . 
  none of that applies to european countries ( uk is closest ) . 
  now of course nukes help . 
  ok ... what happens if uk and france go to war ? 
  or , russia tries to rescue some other minorities ? 
  like those in the baltics , who are in nato . 
  you think donald trump will risk a nuclear war , or europe turning into glass , for the sake of for example estonia ? 
  or how about turkey and greece rattling sabers at one another ( turkey is going back to ottoman , and greece is first in line ) ? 
  bosnia flying to pieces ? 
  people overestimate nato and the threat of nukes . 
  the idea behind the eu was tying all the wallets and resources together , to such a point that there 's no reason to invade for said resources , and too much money is threatened by war . 
  as for european countries * learning some wisdom * from the eu ... yeah , no . 
  i might have believed the western world progressed enough if you asked me 10-15 years ago . 
  nowadays they 're electing meme 's into office , as well as believing a red bus . 
  well , there you have it folks . 
  the real reason why you need to invest in eastern yurop is , you 're going to own it in 40 years . 
  well even if it 's true , uk may have saved us all , right ? 
  right , but in the good examples like stem equality , universal healthcare/education/legalized abortion/etc etc , for us it 's the commie legacy , we copypasta 'd many of the laws in the 90 's . 
  so now we turned so non-commie that socialism is still something like a dirty word for some , we 're very capitalist and western , ohh yes sir !, 
  `` what have the commies ever done for us , huh ?! '', 
  but even our right-est wing loons would n't dream of trying to actually do away with the good parts of the legacy . 
  they just take good care not to admit where it comes from . 
  huh , looks like you 're right . 
  [ found this unesco table . 
  ] ( http://data.uis.unesco.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=scn_ds&amp;lang=en# ) only skimmed it a bit , it has dozens of different indicators , and also some missing data ( at least for various years ) , but if i 'm reading for example `` total r&d personnel - % female '' and `` researchers - % female '' right , east euros seem to do better than west ( on average ) . 
   the eu was initially created to make europe more economically prosperous . 
  it was created to stop europeans butchering each other , as they 've been doing since ... ever . 
  the argument goes like ~ before that , you had uneasy periods of peace based on the ability to wage war . 
  weaker country wo n't attack a stronger one , etc. 
  problem is that none of the euro countries were strong enough to not get attacked by many other euro countries . 
  ( france and germany , france and uk , germany and everyone , france - napoleon - and everyone , the nordics being at war forever , i 'm told that denmark and sweden somehow beat the uk-france record ) . 
  threat of war being too damaging because of army-sizes did n't work . 
  and war is basically always inspired by greed , stealing each others clay and resources . 
  then smart people got the idea to * tie the economies together * , share resources , allow easier movement of workers depending on where the jobs are ( so less need to steal to feed yourself/get richer ) . 
  basically , powerful people are greedy , if you tie their wallets together , then should they go to war , it hits them * directly * in the money ... which is where it actually hurts . 
  economic progress in member states is more a side-effect of that policy , though of course a welcome and vital one . 
  his story ended with brexit , as far as it concerns me . 
  what happened with his political career afterwards does n't matter a whit to me ( or anyone , for that matter ) , uk is continuing with brexit . 
  if him and melenchon end up as parallels , melenchon will get to presidency , and then have a referendum , in which france will decide to quit eu ... which will bury the eu . 
  melenchon making a sad face ( or omg how did this happen , i did n't want this ! ), 
  about it all wo n't change a thing . 
  ... i feel like you did n't get me . 
  ok , crappy metaphor , let 's sell potatoes . 
  poland without eu help , you can sell 1 potato to it . 
  and it 's 1 potato every year , maybe poland gets to being able to buy 2 potatoes in 10 years . 
  poland with eu help , you give it one potato , poland plants that one somewhere , earns some more money , you can now sell 3 potatoes to poland ( so you have +2 profit ) . 
  next year it 's 4 , the next it 's 5 , 20 years later you can sell almost as many potatoes to poland as for example , italy or uk or [ insert `` valuable '' partner ] . 
  and that ignores the fact that everybody 's potatoes do n't go through * borders that chop them down * anymore , which seems to actually be a bigger benefit to the richer countries , because for example a german potato ( let 's call it volkswagen ) is of higher quality than poland 's potato , so it sometimes pushes out the native type in the market ( rip ) . 
  poland ca n't protect from that anymore because no borders ( no more protectionism ) . 
  but it 's not complaining much because it still gets investments . 
  and also , remember that * peace * is not the natural state of glorious yurop , we 've all been stealing potatoes and killing the farmers since ... ever . 
  good luck trading like that !, 
  * that 's assuming that the rest of the world does n't attack the `` divided and then conquered '' european countries ... looking at you , bear , bald eagle and ... turkey . 
  ... ok , i feel like this comment lost the plot . 
  time to sleep , bye !, 
   britain and france are finally realizing they spend way more putting into the eu than they get back , that 's not actually how it works . 
  eu funds are n't the end-all of eu money flow . 
  for example , people throw shade at all the money poland got , right ? 
  around 80 billion euros in some timeframe i do n't remember , maybe 10 years . 
  however , within the exact same timeframe , germany * alone * sold 50 billion euros worth of stuff in poland . 
  add up everyone else , and the total sum will obviously go way over the 80 billion , which makes the eu a profit to those countries that have strong exports ( read : the rich countries ) . 
  this is happening because smart people realized - ages ago - that you ca n't sell * anything * to the dirt poor , so if you want to continue getting rich ( er ) , you first need to lift up the developing countries . 
  well ... 
  i 'd say marcon is the most likely . 
  that is , he wins against le pen and fillon in 2nd round ... not so sure about melenchon . 
  if le pen and fillon pass into 2nd , she wins more likely ( worst nightmare scenario ) , if it 's her against melenchon ... 
  i do n't rightly know . 
  she might lose because as far as i can tell , both of them are on the extreme sides of spectrum , addressing the frustrated french . 
  so he might increase his lead a lot if he 's going against her in 2nd , take the angry - unemployed - wind from her sails so to speak . 
  that scenario is less nightmarish for me as an outsider , because melenchon might be negotiated with ... hopefully . 
  he seems like a pontius pilate/david cameron to me , `` i 'm just asking for unrealistic changes i know you wo n't fulfill , * honest * '' . 
  but i 'm generally very uncertain because marcon 's base seems the least `` high energy '' , and apparently a lot of people are still undecided in general . 
  around 40 % ? 
  but is n't cake comfort food ? 
  [ omg i found relevant polandball for that too ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jjqrkkh.jpg ), 
  being sad about it wo n't stop her from using it for her own advantage . 
  that 's how many/most politicians work . 
  [ b\u00f8rk b\u00f8rk !, 
  as one of the small clays that can barely into relevance within eu , much less without it ( we 're small and crunchy and taste good with ketchup ) ~ * save us , obi wan marconi !,
