  since you 're so knowledgeable , why do n't you take the period pains too ? 
  yea what 's going on there ? 
  all i have is anecdotal evidence ( have n't met a depressed-looking albanian in my life ) . 
  you mean ... after all this time wondering , now we find out : men and women becoming equals is what drives men to suicide ?? 
  i ca n't claim to know for the rest of the south , but here it 's just comfortable clothing that does n't fall apart if you look at it wrong . 
  wear it around the house , your neighborhood , walking the dog , jogging , stuff like that . 
  high school kids - boys , to be more exact - wear it on a semi-regular basis . 
  by the time you reach college , it grows increasingly rare , ca n't remember seeing much of it around classes , bars etc. 
  that 's because every time i drive through slovenia , it 's dark outside !, 
  it 's like a conspiracy . 
  and the only country in ex-yu i sort-of visited is bih , i totally suuuuuuck ; _ ;, 
  if it 's just political , then fine . 
  but i do n't really see how anything in eu can be political without impacting economy , laws , everything else . 
  let 's take the example of 10 countries cooperating on military or self driving cars or whatever , while the others skip that . 
  fine , that 's everybody 's choice . 
  however , this proposal is so vague that i think it 's just a prelude to something more specific ... like for example : `` we 're slashing the budget to europoors ! '', 
  or there is n't some division where countries get tossed in boxes - elite club , loser 's club - so then you have , what ? 
  a bunch of eu 's within eu ? 
  what 's even the point of such an `` union '' ? 
  it 's just a bunch of countries cooperating/uniting in various degrees , which is just ... everyday politics . 
  going back to the military example , what 's stopping for example germany and france from cooperating * right now * ? 
  as in , why do you need special boxes for that ? 
  it 's just fishy . 
  ^ ( and we just recently joined up ... : < ), 
  liar . 
  at least half of those should be nike !, 
   you cant put england , france , the us or even the ussr on the same level as nazi-germany in terms of the crimes they committed . 
  just because nobody is a saint you cant just equate everyone to be equally bad . 
  stalin would have things to say about that !, 
  i think that even if we can debate the scale of stalin 's and hitler 's crimes , the `` morality/motivation '' of it was equally bad . 
  or worse ( ? 
  ) , because a lot of what stalin did was against * his own people * . 
  then uk and france ( + spain and portugal ) colonized most of the world before that , usa has its trail of tears and so on . 
  hell even the way that wwii ended - see what soviets did to german civilians , plus hiroshima and nagasaki ( yes , i went there , it was a war crime ) - also shows that that the `` good '' part of the narrative is a lie . 
  i agree that the issue was more in how industrialized the holocaust was . 
  but my personal opinion is that if for example the colonists had the same level of technology and organization , they probably would have done the same . 
  because i 'm not buying into this `` certain societies are way more * moral * than others '' . 
  this is why i say that the world wars were a matter of time , and it was mostly a combination of various circumstances ( like the debated reasons you mention ) that made germany the resident bad guy , instead of someone else . 
  the whole world history sometimes looks like a series of power-grabs/conquests by one empire or another , so once we entered the 20th century with its horrifying * scale * of killing , the old structure of politics - pissing contests , stealing whatever you can - made this horror pretty inevitable . 
  ( it 's debatable how much we changed after that because we 've learned better , and how much we 're staying away from war because we 're * scared * of nukes and similar . ), 
  what bugs me out , as a `` sort of '' outside observer looking in at germany , is the general popular narrative about wwii . 
  it 's that good guys vs bad guys story , you know ? 
  i think that the short description would be more like `` bad guys vs less-bad - * at-the-time * - guys '' . 
  it 's like : for whatever reason , germany just woke up one day and decided to be evilz just because ... ? 
  and since everybody likes simple narratives , they imagine that the enemies of nazi germany were really good people who objected on ( mostly ) moral grounds . 
  nevermind that russia only joined the `` good '' guys when nazis attacked them , usa joined when japan attacked them , and hell even uk did n't exactly have a choice about all that because - surprise - nazis attacked them . 
  as much as we all like to pat ourselves on the back with how very `` advanced and progressive '' we are today , racism is still alive in 2017 . 
  it was definitely alive and well in 1939 , and among `` enlightened good guys '' too . 
  countries that are in trouble ( as germany definitely was , goddamn treaty of versailles ! ), 
  like to blame their woes on simple reasons , like some group of `` others '' . 
  if these others are n't a legit threat - they ca n't kick back very hard - even better . 
  this is why donald trump blames immigrant mexicans instead of * china * . 
  this was in `` enlightened '' 2016 , remember ? 
  holocaust was terrible , no good , very bad . 
  that 's beyond dispute . 
  but i see it more as pretty common symptom of the disease , than some exception/aberration of the natural behavior of empires/countries/people . 
  power-grabs are old as dirt , genocide is old as dirt , other-ization of some convenient punching bags - that just so happen to speak a different language , or have a different religion , or have some nice bit of land/riches you 'd like to take - it 's all old as dirt . 
  so while yes , i think that it 's good that germany apologized and worked hard to leave that ugly bit of past behind , shifting the narrative into `` white vs black '' and `` i have * no idea * what came over them '' means that the world did n't learn as much as it should have from wwii . 
  to better make the same mistakes again , eh ? 
  tl ; dr : everybody sucks , both world wars were a matter of time , if it was n't germany , it would have been somebody else . 
  `` islet '' is the word , i think . 
  i 'd buy that , if the emphasis was n't on eu 's trade policy as well as the euro . 
  those come from the eu , not germany . 
  now if usa tried to talk to eu about it , or hell even if it informally asked germany to intercede on usa 's behalf in the council/parliament/whatever - it 'd make some sense to talk to them first , if you wo n't try to address everyone at once - that would be ok . 
  but the wording is very clear : '' * outside * the boundaries and restrictions '' , not `` could you loosen the boundaries and restrictions ? '', 
  so these asses know exactly what they 're doing , they 're telling germany to go outside of/against eu agreements . 
  which they probably know is a lost cause , so this is basically just a pr stunt ( trying to make germany look bad , or sowing distrust , whatever ) . 
  ... i 'd like to take this opportunity to compliment you on your fine beard . 
  oh bloody hell . 
  they call out `` germany , china , japan '' . 
  ( all countries that produce some things better than usa , what a surprise . ), 
  and the argument against germany is the same thing as before , there 's a trade deficit , because of eu 's trade policy , and more importantly , the value of the euro . 
   `` i think that it would be useful to have candid discussions with germany about ways that we could possibly get that deficit reduced outside the boundaries and restrictions that they claim that they are under '' it 's not a bloody `` false claim '' , germany does n't control the value of the euro . 
  by that logic germany might as well whine at california to change the value of the dollar !, 
  and finally , as they were told before - if they want usa cars to sell better in germany , they can start making better cars . _ . 
  it might be because you 're the designated `` stingy '' folks ? 
  afaik it used to be the jews , but then wwii happened and , well . 
  it 'd be in poor taste . 
  edit : nevermind , i * am * reading it wrong . 
  the sum is just the increase . 
  ~ ~ yea it 's strange . 
  unless i 'm reading this map wrong , it predicts a higher growth for us than you , which may make sense because we 're still adjusting to the eu , trying to use the funds etc. 
  but it also predicts we 'll have a gdp ppp that 's around a 1000 dollars higher than yours , which seems a big stretch . 
  hell we 're around 800 below * austria * of all places , which seriously does n't make sense to me o.o ~ ~, 
  yeah the castles - or old architecture in general - is basically variations of the same thing in what i 've seen of hungary , czechia , germany , austria , croatia . 
  or at least , southern germany and northern croatia - we were influenced by habsburgs a lot in these parts . 
  mind you our coast is a bit different , it was more influenced by venice , and what i see there fits more with italy , 
  mmh , and drumming up support for it is very hard . 
  most of the people on the street that count as anti-gay are n't so in the sense of * actively * hating them , it 's more like `` but but why the hell are they so obnoxious , always parading around '' , like a - sweep it under the carpet . 
  because it was n't something you `` paraded around '' back then . 
  it does n't help that people here tend to equate marriage with : children , and church . 
  you can marry with just the state ( and that definitely goes for 2nd marriage , cause church does n't recognize divorce ) , but most do both - it 's tradition . 
  and you can guess how the church preaches against it every time the question comes up . 
  plus , you have the people who are just annoyed because `` we 're arguing about gays while our economy gets worse every year and young people are all leaving '' . 
  then of course you have the section of the general punks , who are homophobic , xenophobic , mostly misogynist ( the same group of scum who organized the anti-gay referendum is now trying to move against abortion ) , and if we were n't all white - they 'd be racist too . 
  some other german on this sub vacationed on our coast a couple of years ago , and in regards to the crowd , he said he thought something like `` is there anyone keeping the fort back home ? '', 
  so maybe it 's like - we get so many germans it 's like they never left home . 
  which reminds me , one of the jokes we heard from locals there went like  in conclusion , athens would kindly request that london returns the other half of acropolis to greece ;d, 
  do kalambaka and athens count as special corners ? 
  the worst attempts at rip-offs were in the tourist knick-knack shops , cause the shopkeepers usually tried to haggle with us .
