  like ... how ? 
  put them into jail ? 
  send a literal army at them ? 
  knock them down with riot police ? 
  but that would get us condemnation from `` those concerned for human rights '' . 
  they push their kids up in the air , just in case you 're considering using force . 
  meh , we did n't register most of them , which they refused anyways . 
  in hindsight , that seems the correct decision . 
  or to deal with a global world . 
  or any of our modern society , for that matter . 
  i read somewhere , something along the lines of ... we evolved to deal with small groups of people , 200 at most . 
  basically the size of those small-ish hunter-gatherer groups . 
  and that 's how many people we can genuinely get to know and remember , basically see them as `` fellow * person * '' . 
  the rest , these huge crowds in this complicated world , they 're not really seen as people , more like `` that thing that takes my garbage away '' , `` that thing that grades my papers '' , `` that thing that robs me blind with taxes '' etc etc. 
  typical dehumanization , you can see it at work almost daily , take examples when people cheat taxes or whatever . 
  they see it as `` sticking it to the man , the corporation , the state , those ghouls ! '', 
  they do n't see it as `` stealing from that random lady that depends on her paycheck from the corporation '' . 
  it 's all * faceless * to us . 
  we have `` us '' and `` them '' , and `` them '' are some mass that 's to be treated with suspicion and hostility ... because our brains ca n't handle that much information . 
  the lady we 're stealing from , we do n't have gray-matter space for `` she likes the green color and jazz music and she swears * like this * when she stubs her toe in the morning '' . 
  she 's just `` that negative thing that takes my money away for whatever reason ... probably a bad reason ! '', 
  obviously , this is a problem . 
  and imo it 's a minor miracle that politics are keeping us even half-way functional . 
   according to a united nations early march 2016 report 1.6 million people were registered internally displaced by the ukrainian government . 
  800,000 to 1 million of them lived within ukrainian government controlled ukraine . 
  for what it 's worth , it seems that afghanistan is n't capable of taking care of - well , anything much . 
  venezuela is `` stable and prosperous '' in comparison . 
  and yes , i do think the argument is silly , when looking at the yugo wars , same yugo countries took hundreds of thousands of people ( and during war ! ) ... 
  and then they could n't take any more , and so the stream went to germany , austria , sweden and so on . 
  i mean , we 're not inventing hot water here , that 's what happens with basically every war and/or failed state or whatever , some people are internal refugees , some move outside borders , some stay in the country pretty normally because it 's not like the whole place is at war . 
  so to repeat myself , it 's up to those in charge to figure out whether this fellow deserves asylum or not . 
  is he a genuine refugee fleeing violence , or is he fleeing just poverty ? 
  and i would n't say the odds are in his favor . 
  we do n't have much money to spare here , so i can bet on our authorities judging pretty harshly . 
  that 's up for the institutions to decide , whether he has the right to asylum or not . 
  and the `` millions of people live there '' argument is silly . 
  ukraine is currently at war with russia , millions live in ukraine , does that mean that there 's `` no such thing as ukranian refugees '' ? 
  war - and violence in general - do n't work like that . 
  ok , real talk now , we 're not exactly worth crying , but we 're not doing so awesome either . 
  unemployment is above 10 % ... and that 's for natives , who speak the native language , which i 'd say is pretty difficult to learn . 
  so the odds of him getting some job and/or decent life here are pretty low . 
  unless he can make something off that kickboxing talent . 
  and we do n't deny his asylum request in the first place . 
  there 's one thing i do n't get here . 
  ( well , there 's plenty , but for a start ... ) how can croatia possibly be their `` first point of entry into the eu '' ? 
  they do n't come here by sea , at all , it 's way too far . 
  and as for land borders , we 're not the first country either . 
  they 'd have to parachute from turkey ( ? ), 
  or wherever . 
  or were we just the first to * register * them ? 
  well , this whole problem does n't have much to do with me , saudis are n't doing anything here . 
  they are in bosnia though , which is concerning , alright . 
  the problem with saudis seems to come from oil ... or to be more clear , our politicians love for their reasonably cheap and reliable oil . 
  and our politicians love that oil * because we love it , too * . 
  would you be willing to suffer a hike in gas prices ? 
  how about the country next to you ? 
  how about usa ? 
  so - it 's getting difficult again . 
  and while we rely on saudi oil so much , they 'll be able to get concessions from us , like the mosques they 've been financing . 
  also , * actual weapons * . 
  we 're all selling to them , and i do n't think i need to describe where some of those end up . 
  you think merkel is a bleeding heart who 's `` helping '' people out of goodness and naivety ? 
  spare me , politics do n't work that way . 
  greece was about to implode under the wave . 
  and merkel - and the rest of eu - ca n't let greece implode . 
  they owe so much money , for a start . 
  not gon na work . 
  if you 'll ban islam for being a religion , you have to ban all other religions , aaaand that 's just not happening . 
  if you mean to ban * radical * islam , again , you need to ban all other radical ideologies . 
  start with hate speech/calls to violence . 
  funnily enough , those who howl most ferociously against muslims would likely get caught with the same ban - they 're calling for violence too . 
  and also , good luck tracking down who is and is n't a radical , not like all of them are stupid enough to trumpet their radical opinions . 
  also , degree of radicalization tends to change through time . 
  * mind-reading sessions * every few months ? 
  a strong and stable one ? 
  well , being an enemy implies having a plan/direction ? 
  africa is ... a mess . 
  partially because so many of them do n't have a plan , period . 
  so they 're a problem , but not an enemy in the general meaning of that word . 
  nah , it 's just that most people do n't want to live in the east . 
  and i do n't think you 'd want to halve your paychecks to make the problem go away . 
  do `` what '' , exactly ? 
  our technology has n't yet gotten to the point of mind-reading . 
  how do you then figure out who 's a radical and who is n't ? 
  ask them 20 questions where everyone can lie ? 
  deport based on suspicion alone , no proof , no wrongdoing ? 
  i do n't think we need to discuss at length how long it took us to take such awful powers away from our armies and governments . 
  ( they would use it against * anyone * who disagrees with them , give it a month . ), 
  uhhh , then what ? 
  how do you do that without banning christianity ? 
  stop doing business with saudis ? 
  not gon na happen , we like our conveniently cheap oil more than we dislike the radicalism that saudis encourage . 
  these threads are useless for discussion . 
  unless you count `` venting in an echo-chamber '' as something useful . 
  meh , i was trying to play it safe with the crowd that goes on and on about how `` ethnicity '' did n't exist as we know it before the 19th century . 
  do n't feel like arguing about that as well . 
  as a side-note , what 's up with \u0160e\u0161elj ? 
  have n't heard anything about him in a while , what 's he up to ? 
  so you 'll protest against it if or when it happens ? 
  actually join the struggle to stop it ?
