  syrio forel dead and meryn trant 's not 'cause trant had armor and a big fucking sword . 
  germany ? 
  thats us , your brothers . 
  i am not even from uk but i 'm still ashamed of him . 
  how can this guy still be voice of uk ? 
  thanks !, 
  we should unite with slovakia and call it kingdom of bohemia ... aaaah ohhh yes, 
  i would like to see this map few decades ago . 
  numbers around 80 % would not surprise me . 
  we can annex saxony if you do n't want them . 
  i agree , the problem is quite opposite . 
  population of earth growing like on steroids thanks to asia and more importantly africa . 
  right now african population is young and economy is growing . 
  but can you imagine what will happen in few decades ? 
  i think africa will have huge problems with old population and you can expect massive immigration into europe . 
  yes it is bad manner . 
  at least here . 
  most arrogant not france for us ? 
  rigged, 
  eu average 42.6 ... 
  us is almost 5 years younger , relatively big difference, 
  europe population is growing thanks to migration, 
  [ we member too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_occupation_of_czechoslovakia ), 
  this subreddit - total disaster !, 
  bad !, 
  next day : we have invaded parts of latvia and estronia . 
  guess what ? all the russian population there is happy !, 
  shortly after that , you will learn from your media , that current latvian and estonian regime was corrupt and our reunion is good for everyone . 
  ireland is 35-40 , unless i am not blind . 
  turkey is mostly below 35, 
  why exactly you wan na have more people in the continent ? 
  planet is overpopulated already and europe is still growing on population ( thanks to the migration mostly ) . 
  there has to be some limit and i dont wan na live in 1 big dirty city . 
  so here 's the committee that will evaluate each single person what are the chances of conception ? 
  so if you are ugly for whatever reason , or you cant have kids , you will be taxed ? 
  there is also not exactly 50 % mens and 50 % womans . 
  and if no one will want to have baby with you , will you just rape someone to avoid taxes ? 
  who i am , if i was born in 92 ? 
  too old for millennials and too young for generation x. 
  it is , we have a lot of problems to solve in that time . 
  i agree , i think nobody new will join eu in next 10 years . 
  younger ? 
  we ( czechs ) are older than france , uk , belgium , norway , ireland , iceland , sweden ... etc. 
  hugary or estonia is almost the same as us . 
  you see only that big contrast when you compare us to germany , but we are not that young overall . 
  this is a big surprise , when all these data are provided by the eu . 
  [ source  ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-eurostat-news/-/ddn-20170215-1?inheritredirect=true&amp;redirect=%2feurostat%2f ) across the 1342 nuts 3 regions of the european union ( eu ) , the median age , which divides a population into two equally sized groups , was in 2016 lowest in the french overseas department of mayotte ( 17.8 years ) and highest in the greek region of evrytania ( 53.6 years ) . 
  oldest regions in germany , youngest in the united kingdom overall , 63 eu regions at nuts 3 level recorded a median age of 50 years or over . 
  46 of those regions were in germany . 
  at the opposite end of the scale , 24 eu regions had a median age of 35 years or less , of which 18 were in the united kingdom . 
  for the entire eu , the median age of the population stands at 42.6 years . 
  looking at the typology of regions , it appears that predominantly urban regions have a younger population ( with a median age of 41.5 years ) overall and that the rural regions have an older population ( 43.7 years ) . 
  croatia is between france , sweden and netherlands , 
  yes , i make money for them even with adblock . 
  not directly , but i am still unique ip adress visitor of that website . 
  more visited website or article = more popular = bigger chance to bring someone who actualy click on banners . 
  you doesnt have to go retard mode to make profit as journalist . 
  this is simply full greed . 
  this `` please turn off adblock , so we can do our job '' is realy just a clickbait in different form in most websites . 
  internet is growing , people wan na work on the internet/it more and more . 
  and yes , even journalism is groving on the internet and you can choose what you will actualy follow . 
  and if someone goes full greed and clearly care more about money , that actual journalism i have no reason to keep my adblock off and i leave that website . 
  i simpy stop visiting websites which have this agresive `` turn off adblock , so we can make more money '' policy . 
  its not even a city . 
  it 's a football club `` brussel dortmund '' or something like that . 
  not only happy . 
  i remember maps of suecides rates in europe . 
  south europe always lowest and greece paradoxically the lowest in whole europe . 
  then you do n't quite understand how complex economy works . 
  what will i do with all that money ? 
  europe , can we stop being so good ? 
  and prague is in the ... danville ? 
  how fitting :(, 
  this is too long even for me . 
  if someone wan na make some short version it would be great . 
  france , netherlands , belgium , ireland neighbors . 
  czechs replacing uk confirmed . 
  but if eu economy is larger , some country should miss from this map instead . 
  on this map is whole eu + ukraine , norway , marocco , switzerland , serbia , bosnia , moldova ... . etc i dont realy wan na calculate it , but sources of those gdp informations are suspisious . 
  [ czechs have saab jas 39 gripen from sweden for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_jas_39_gripen ), 
   i am going to london , amsterdam and france ( vimy ridge ) . 
  anything special i should take yes , take a lot of money . 
  these are expensive destinations for most of the world . 
   those and several other initiatives with norway , romania and the czech republic are part of a broader drive to expand european defense cooperation to be announced at a meeting of nato defense ministers in brussels , the sources said . 
   the agreements come as germany and other nato members face increasing pressure from the united states to spend more for their own military and reach nato 's target of devoting 2 percent of gross domestic product to defense spending . 
  right choice, 
  so do you think it 's wise to ban it ? 
  do you think , that it has any noticeable negative effect on children 's ? 
  it 's bad to show kids , how the world really looks like and do n't play theatre on them . 
  ( not sure if this is any common phrase in english , basicaly show them ordinary reality ) i 'm not saying what is good or bad , just asking for opinion . 
  we have quite different problem , than most of the europe , this super-low unemployment actually slowing our economy . 
  to be honest , we are catching italy so fast , only because they are stagnant for many years now . 
  to have same level as germany for example , is task for at least 100 years at this rate . 
  * this message was deleted by sultan erdogan . 
  so its fine to set example for others , that females should wear scarf ? 
  thats is why i include dots '' ... '' behind it , in my language it means continuation . 
  and again i talk about religion all the time , and you shifting blame to the people all the time . 
  i respect people . 
  i do not respect religion which force people to wear something only based on what they have between legs . 
  and do you respect people when you are wearing a burka/hijab ... ?
