  from berlin it is very close to the poland , so that might be obvious choice . 
  holy roman empire is back, 
  affter 12 hours he can be litteraly anywhere in the world . 
  man , that guy who followed this 23yo pakistan must feel realy shitty now . 
  wanted to do the right thing and probably only help the terrorist . 
  from hero to zero : /, 
  apparently czech side wanted to close borders , so he can not escape through us , but deutsch police told us they already arrest him so we didnt do anything . 
  : / thats at least what our interior minister told us this morning in interview . 
  so far its seems like true . 
  yes that is some fucked up situation . 
  apparently czech side wanted to close borders , so he can not escape through us , but deutsch police told us they already arrest him so we didnt do anything . 
  : / thats at least what our interior minister told us this morning in interview . 
  well if they have wrong guy then i dont think we will see him again . 
  affter 12 hours he can be anywhere in the world : /, 
  exactly , its easy to say `` i would do that too '' from your confi chair at home . 
  nobody is trained for situations like this , not even close to it . 
  do n't really know what i would do also . 
  but for sure he risked his life and i think he knew it , too, 
  we need more people like him . 
  thank you sir, 
  in general i think as people are connected more and more , those accent slowly disappears . 
  but like 100 years ago , you could even say from which big city in bohemia ( west of the country ) you are . 
  now i would say that bohemian part of the czech republic is without accent and everyone speaking more or less same . 
  only part of the czech republic which keep accent is moravia and silesia . 
  someone migh say that prague have the worst accent but from my experience its not realy different from rest of the bohemia . 
  thank you germany , you are very generous, 
  so you dont wan na share with us ? 
  you fool , once some americans will look at this map and see oil , it will be the end of us . 
  always wanted to ask . 
  it is known in austria that in czech we call austria `` rakousko '' ? 
  i think tukey is happy to be in nato now :-d, 
  yes it is possible , i imagine a lot of old people who wan na back communism is there too . 
  and yes there is no secret that czech president like russia/trump and china . 
  unfortunately this divides czech republic a lot . 
  just some random pictures i took on the phone when i walk around place i live czech republic / krkonose [ 1 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eyaiqcs.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zzerjxi.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eqpr9xq.jpg ), 
  i can imagine this `` actual experience working '' from syria . 
  if you type in google some words , you can google it . 
  unfortunately i do n't have merkel on phone to confirm it . 
  https://www.quora.com/how-much-money-do-syrian-refugees-get-per-month-in-various-european-countries living cost ? 
  obviously is lower in czech or poland . 
  but that empoyee of the supermarket have to pay also for housing . 
  your refugee if i find it correctly have it free . 
  the point is , from some point of view the situation might seems bit absurd . 
  btw i just wan na ask , do people in germany even realize that 400 euro which you pay to refugees for nothing is average standard weight for lets say employee of supermarket in czech or poland ? 
  to be honest i would be pretty upset if i work there . 
  50 % empoyment affter 5 years . 
  how many of them are economic migrants ? 
  thats a big suprise when they doesnt know how to speak deutsch and doesnt have any proffesion . 
  we have zeman : , (, 
  i just wan na give you example how it goes in my country . 
  czech media discussions under article = if you say anything what praise russia or putin you will get +1000 upvotes . 
  if you say anything against it or even question it -1000 upvotes . 
  everything is usa and nato foult and only reasonable is putin and russia . 
  this is under every political article , there is no discussion . 
  someone might laught now but i think its a serious problem , this realy affecting a lot of people , specialy older ones . 
  no stupid medival religions = no problems i just hope all people once realize how ridiculous those religions are in year 2016 . 
  neither , it uses money , has a class system , a wages structure , and has a state , and the workers are exploited exactly the same as in avowedly capitalist countries , so like russia , china , countless african states it is a state capitalist country . 
  i think the true communism as karl marx introduce it , is actualy prety interesting concept in some ways if you ask me . 
  but the truth is , in the world there was not single country with true communism and probably never will be . 
  what i and you had suffer in our nations was something completely different surely not communism even when people call it like that . 
  and no , i am not communist and never will be . 
  imagine there 's no heaven it 's easy if you try no hell below us above us only sky, 
  how can country which is acting like this be part of europe ? 
  why is this on europe part of reddit ? 
  i think that you creating too much fantasy in your mind . 
  the point is , if you keep dividing europe ( not exactly you , it doesnt matter who will leave ) the problems will soon or later appear . 
  and those problems will not simply disappears . 
  everyone will care only and only about his own country . 
  i think it was proven many times in history that this is super dangerous for europe . 
  it isnt most likely that scary as it sounds . 
  but we should respect and learn from our history . 
  in the end i want let you know , that i wish only good fortune for britain . 
  you will get what you voted for in democratic elections . 
  personaly i dont think it was a good choice for britain , but i respect it and as i said i wish you good luck in your independence . 
  seems good, 
  police brutality as usualy . 
  might a bit off topic , but eu not been founded primarily to prevent war conflicts in europe ? 
  seems like lot of people forgetting about this . 
  no i am far more west near german border aswell . 
  that might be even worse :d, 
  portugal most mercifull country in europe . 
  now i know where to rob banks , too bad they have no money in them :(, 
  wtf we have here more snow than in finland, 
  this time without us please . 
  in czech republic we do n't believe in anything at all , you will do just fine here . 
  poland , are you ok ? 
  i live near poland border i can help !, 
  yes slovak its language but its pretty similiar with czech . 
  moravia is czech land near slovak border , so its something in between . 
  this is some translated random text to show you how similiar it is . 
  - english : in 101 years , died veteran imrich gablech . 
  he was among the last living czech airmen who in the 2nd world war ii served in the royal air force . 
  during the war he was in the soviet gulag , and after returning to his homeland ended up in jail . 
  so for example prague which i all my life consider one of the most peacefull places in the world ( i 'm biased for sure ) is now considered more dangerous that tehran or istanbul . 
  interesting, 
  its a czech traditional ritual . 
  if at least few people doesnt die in alps or tatras , then we have bad year . 
   ) but honestly i dont know , in czech republic we have just hills or very small mountains . 
  people underestimate how different aps are i guess . 
  they should just fly to croatia , while wearing socks in sandals as we all do .
