  not yours . 
  besides , i did not downvoted you . 
  if you start slander person with something which is not true i think thats enought reason to downvote you . 
  [ no , this is vratislaus i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vratislaus_i,_duke_of_bohemia ), 
  our clay !, 
  giff back this beatifull city !, 
  i remember them , animated version and even filmes with g\u00e9rard depardieu . 
  i did not downvoted you , i promise . 
  but right now after this your response i probably will . 
  all i asked you was a source , because i tried to find some for like 15 minutes and did not find any , where ariel is `` lot of inferior to western ones '' . 
  not like i dont trust you , but many people claiming many things on the internet and i like to know the truth since i dont follow laundry products at all . 
  can you provide source why do you think that ariel is `` lot of inferior to western ones '' ? 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  should we invest in repairing countriside houses , roads ... etc at the same rate as in city , even if its barely used ? 
  i think its natural , that priority is focused on most prosperous , most dense populated areas . 
  it was always been like this , even in the history . 
  nobody will build factory in place , where only few people are living just to give them well paid job . 
  laundry products ? 
  this is about food . 
  i dont even know any czech laudry products to be honest . 
  nice is a nice city . 
  its a shame , that for many people first thought when they hear `` nice '' is terrorist attack . 
  so , why is poland si high in compare to others ? 
  so specify your question . 
  gaps in what ? 
  i thought you talk about money distribution in general . 
  there will be always gap between cities and countriside . 
  the question is , its wise to pump money into non-perspective regions with low dense population ? 
  so eu is cunt because your country is in debt and we trying to help you ? 
  you can rightfully blame the euro currency because it does not helping at all . 
  but the truth is , that greece is not producing anything and it 's mainly greece political fault , that you guys are in debt . 
  who told you , that prague want to be paris ? 
  prague is different city with long different history . 
  prague and paris have historically very little in common . 
  if you wan na compare prague to some city , i would say vienna or some germany cities shares a lot of common history with prague . 
  it was huge problem here like 10 years ago . 
  now there is so much more investigate journalism pushing brands to make more quality food , people in general dont buying low quality food that much anymore , they reading the labels . 
  i dont think its ideal , but i would say its much better each year . 
  ireland swap with kaliningrad . 
  and england can have finally comrade russian friends next to them . 
  if le pen wins , it is realy end of the eu ? 
  and if so , do you think there will be some new group created ? 
  no country in world is as connected to the germany as we are . 
  its realy our interrest to be in some kind of union with germany at least, 
  did not i just make one ? 
  i am sure there is xxx politicians which makes awkward handshake too for example . 
  but trump is on spotlight , he is hot stuff for media now , so lets bash him for everything . 
  as i said , i think trump is realy bad choice as president i dont understand how us could elect someone like him , but at the same time media trying to make him even worse as he is . 
  yes , its not fair for everyone , but thats how democracy works . 
  51.9 % is still majority . 
  i do remember our history . 
  but the situation now is quite different . 
  i am sure west would help baltics if russia will try to annex them , just like we would help them . 
  and i honestly do n't believe that germany would turn back at us , if russian tanks crossed czech borders . 
  everyone who had anything to do with 1938 is already dead long time ago . 
  i will not judge today 's people , just because someone in history did some terrible mistake . 
  i dont like trump either , i think he was realy bad choice as us president . 
  but i also agree , that media goes against trump in every step he make . 
  in the end media mostly care about money , and negative titles with trump sells well, 
  his pronouncing of \u0158 is very bad tho . 
  [ google translator is way better ] ( https://translate.google.cz/?hl=en&amp;tab=wt#cs/en/%c5%98eka ), 
  i am against brexit , i think it 's stupid idea and it will only damage uk . 
  at the same time i think , that he should respect will of the people . 
  argument `` people voted in the referendum without knowledge of the true terms of brexit '' might be reasonable , but realy stupid at the same time . 
   `` eu greatly depends on nato when it comes to deterring russia . '', 
  why you thinks so . 
  i agree that eu army is nowhere close as good as us . 
  but if you compare eu and russia , i dont see why russia is considered that scary for so many people . 
  yes , they have enought nuclear weapons to destroy whole world 50 times , but besides that , russia has no chance against the eu in any conflict . 
  i think that [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/amdsdfy.png ) , which showing median age of population is one of the big reasons . 
  older people tends to vote le pen and vice versa . 
  numbers are percents of votes in first round . 
  second round will be basicaly the same only with 2 people . 
  hope i understand that right . 
  no , bulharsko is correct and as people we call you `` bulha\u0159i '', 
  unofficially ? 
  i do n't think here is some extension nickname , usualy just `` pol\u00e1ci '', 
  in czech language `` skot '' is other word for cattle too , 
  why does it sound funny ? 
  :p ... and yes still we call it petrohrad in czech language . 
  but i 'd say it slowly fades and is used also st. petersburg . 
  sorry , i post it , to show differences in languages . 
  not make make a perfect geographical map . 
  i did , thanks :d, 
  dont worry , people in czech republic are not interchange slovenia with slovakia . 
  it was 20 % for trump and 80 % hillary if i remember correctly . 
  slovenia realy stronk in this one !, 
  the first hybrid car skoda state in 2019 , in 2025 he wants to have up to five electric models . 
  every fourth skoda will be electric by 2025 . 
  article about a quarter of production of skoda auto in 2025 will generate electric cars or hybrids . 
  produce should be in mlada boleslav . 
  at a meeting of managers automakers government officials said that the chairman of the board of skoda bernhard maier . 
  skoda has already announced the first hybrid vehicle introduced in the market in 2019 and the electric car would come next . 
  in 2025 , should have a menu of four to five electric vehicles . 
  first hybrid superb , after kodiaq the first hybrid model should be superb , following inter alia a large suv kodiaq that skoda is shipping this year . 
  as an electric car is no longer manufactured sister model skoda citigo , the automaker volkswagen up ! , but according to unofficial information , develop purely electric car is brand new . 
  skoda auto had an electronic version of the citigo had prepared in 2014 . 
  the then leadership automakers but decided not to put the model on the market due to low interest dealers . 
  [ this is half-swording ] ( https://youtu.be/xsy1gnyjsxk?t=2m6s ), 
  til city called brno is in some other country besides czech republic,
