  but on the planet earth is also different kind of food . 
  not only potatoes and cereals . 
  meat,fish-meat , vegetables , fruits , seeds , milk products ( cheeses , yogurts etc ) ... 
  `` work on reddit is very sensitive , and requires hiring of reddit users with aged accounts who have good standing in the community . 
  `` we do have a few existing users on staff , but for each campaign we create a custom roadmap and staff it accordingly , as unless the comments come from authentic users with an active standing in the community in question they will immediately be called out - and that has the opposite effect of damaging your reputation . 
  our success at shifting the conversation depends heavily on who we find and vet for the process . '' the agency 's representative continued to tell me the extent of their work . 
  `` i have worked over 100 of these kinds of campaigns and never had it come back on the client . 
  i 've been doing viral marketing and reputation management since 2005 . 
  = in the past year i 've worked for a major entertainment network to magnify a rumor within sports entertainment , as well as damage control on a rumor that came out of an actor being hired on a film before the production company was ready to announce that casting . '' shilling services from an online marketing agency . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor shilling services from an online marketing agency . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor to get a better picture of the extent of the problem , i spoke to with two influential reddit moderators who are the site 's first line of defence against malicious use of reddit . 
  robert allam , who moderates 70 subreddits , and english06 ( he did n't want to reveal his real name ) , who moderates the influential r/politics sub , had strong opinions on shilling . 
  check out my interview with reddit 's most ( in ) famous user , gallowboob both agreed that the issue is apparent and that they could do with more tools to stave off the onslaught of fake comments . 
  at the moment , they can only tell if a post is n't genuine by the user 's account history ; how old it is and how much karma it has ( reddit 's point system where users are rewarded for posting content ) . 
  if an account has good karma and is relatively old , then it `` immediately rules out a lot of suspicions '' engish06 told me . 
  but this is n't an effective way of spotting fakers . 
  the agencies i spoke with explicitly talked about using aged accounts , and when i spoke with an account dealer late last year , he sent spreadsheets of usernames for sale of various ages . 
  reddit accounts for sale . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor reddit accounts for sale . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor english06 - who compares the moderator role to being a forum janitor - explained that to properly solve the problem , the volunteer moderators need more tools , or admins ( reddit staff ) need to step in more . 
  `` i think we 're doing the best we can with the tools we have available . 
  we 're able to look at user history and stuff and determine a lot of it but as far as doing it on a larger - i mean , politics is the second busiest subreddit behind the donald on reddit . 
  there 's a lot going on . 
  `` there 's always something to be done on the politics subreddit . 
  and it 's just , there 's just a lot of volume . 
  as far as stopping everything , there 's nothing the moderators will ever be able to do . 
  we can only see the user history . 
  that 's going to have to come from the admin side of things . 
  there 's just nothing we can do . '' it 's not uncommon , too , for moderators to be targeted by companies that want to manipulate influential subreddits . 
  `` you can make money off reddit . 
  i 've gotten a lot of offers to try and plug products , just make a gif out of a video , plug it , try to link stuff , some articles , some shady articles that just - they 're like , yeah , if i send you an article could you post it ? '' allam explained . 
  he continued `` there was a chinese company that wanted to send me a drone and something else , some gadget , and for me to film it and post it for money but then - i do n't know how to film stuff . 
  i 'm not interested in promoting products like that because i 'm not a producer , what the hell am i going to do ? 
  how is that fun ? 
  even if i did , it would kill my whole presence on reddit . '' allam , who works for a viral video company , has had to make it clear to his employers that would n't consider using his position to promote their videos , despite being asked . 
  `` i have everything to lose . 
  and if i lose everything , it 's just not worth it for what ? 
  more money ? 
  obviously , if they paid me , like , $ 5,000,000 to post something , fuck yeah i 'm posting that but , you know what i mean , for a salary , what ? 
  am i going to shill my account on reddit ? 
  it 's personal , i enjoy it , it 's how i made a name for myself and i do take a weird pride in it . '' clearly , reddit is being manipulated and gamed on a wide scale by companies who want to promote a specific cause , product or politician . 
  this is n't just a fake news problem , it 's a fake conversations problem . 
  if fake news can be solved with fact-checking , how can fake conversations be stopped when the commenter is n't interested in anything other than debating you into submission ? 
  the wider implications of are damaging too . 
  non-engaged users ( those who read but do n't comment ) are often swayed by the overall tone of the conversation . 
  i presented reddit with my findings and asked it if it 's doing enough to combat fake comments , threads and upvotes . 
  but in a bizarre response , the company 's representative - anna soellner - did n't bother to address any of these questions , instead providing a statement that seemed to be a response to my previous story . 
  `` in order to write your story , you and your co-author engaged in multiple levels of impersonation , violating the terms of service of reddit . 
  our users recognized the stories you posted as fake and community moderators removed the links in a very short time frame . 
  we are continuously working with our users and moderators to ensure the integrity of our site to promote genuine conversation . '' soellner said . 
  whilst i did n't manage to get these agencies to spill the specific campaigns and companies they 've worked with , scanning reddit 's hailcorporate thread reveals some very suspect posts . 
  this thread about red bull , in particular , looks like clear marketing . 
  it was eventually deleted and the user account was removed once it was called out as marketing . 
  alleged red bull marketing . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor alleged red bull marketing . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor the ubiquity of reddit manipulation , and the ease with which anyone can employ these agencies - or even tactics - should be of concern to millions of reddit users . 
  genuine , real user-generated content is key to reddit 's success . 
  without the assurance of that authenticity , it makes it hard to take anything on reddit - and indeed any other popular forum - seriously . 
  quotes have been edited for clarity and length . 
  jay mcgregor is the editor-in-chief of the youtube channel , point . 
  he also reports for the guardian ,, 
  ** full article for those who dont want to disable ad blockers ** reddit is being regularly manipulated by large financial services companies with fake accounts and fake upvotes via seemingly ordinary internet marketing agencies . 
  `` i work with a number of accounts on reddit that we can use to change the conversation . 
  and make it a bit more positive . '' this was the startling admission of a professional-looking marketing agency that , in a phone call with me , openly bragged about manipulating conversations on reddit . 
  this was n't a one-off , nor was it the result of weeks of plumbing the depths of the dark web looking for shilling services . 
  finding this agency , and several others , took less than a few hours of basic googling . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor image credit : jay mcgregor the business of internet shilling - posing as a genuine forum user but being in the employ of a corporation to promote their work - is booming . 
  and it has been for a long time . 
  from fake amazon reviews to the u.s army astroturfing social media , comment manipulation is as old as the very concept of internet forums . 
  fake comments and fake conversations being hard to spot , especially when they 're made by specialist agencies , makes shilling big business . 
  nowhere is this more apparent than on reddit . 
  being the world 's 22nd most popular website and the u.s. ' 7th makes it a popular target because of the hundreds of millions of eyeballs it attracts every month . 
  in december last year , i managed to place two entirely fake news stories onto influential subreddits - with millions of subscribers - and vote them to the top with fake accounts and fake upvotes for less than $ 200 . 
  it was simple , cheap and effective . 
  we created fake brexit news and got it to top of an influential subreddit with fake votes . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor we created fake brexit news and got it to top of an influential subreddit with fake votes . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor what i had n't realised at the time was how widespread this shilling issue was . 
  professional marketing agencies , with offices in several different countries , offer these services often under the guise of `` reputation management . '', 
  they do n't specifically talk about manipulating conversations online , instead using coded , dog whistle language like `` targeted techniques '' and `` competitor slander . '' but , to verify that these companies are selling professional forum manipulation services , i had to get in contact . 
  so i developed a back story and called a few agencies . 
  continued from page 1 the first uk-based agency i spoke to was more candid than the language on its website . 
  a representative brazenly told me that it had handled `` multinational and multilingual '' campaigns for forex ( financial and currency exchange ) companies . 
  as if it was an everyday , pedestrian activity to wage war on authentic discourse on behalf of a faceless corporation . 
  when pressed on his exact methods , he explained `` well there 's different ip addresses , they have real emails behind them that are n't anything to do with your company at all , different avatars , you know , if you can tell me roughly what they 're saying , we can rework it so it looks natural . 
  so we 'll make an effort to make it look natural . '' he continued , `` i work with a number of accounts on reddit as well that we can use and just , basically , change the conversation . 
  and make it a bit more positive . 
  we can get rid of the negative thread and just start a new thread '' . 
  he did n't go into specifics of which companies - and did n't offer links to previous campaigns even after i repeatedly asked , explaining that he valued customer privacy . 
  which is why i 've chosen to not name the agencies , because i ca n't verify the work they 've done outside of the claims the agencies themselves have made . 
  this is part of the problem , despite the efforts of myself , and the point team , we could n't find obvious fake comments , despite it clearly being widespread . 
  these are , after all , professional services and all boast about their ability to blend in . 
  if we 're specifically looking for fake comments and find none , how can the average user ? 
  for this particular service , i was quoted # 1200 per month for unlimited conversation and vote manipulation . 
  this was n't a one-off , at least four other agencies offered similar services . 
  these are n't underground , single-person organisations running out of their parents ' basement . 
  these are professional , fully staffed companies with international offices and , ostensibly , fee-paying clients . 
  another agency offer 100 comments for $ 150 . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor another agency offer 100 comments for $ 150 . 
  image credit : jay mcgregor another u.s.-based marketing firm i spoke with was even more candid . 
  so ... you like eating pringles after meal ?
