  especially if you use that stretched map of europe where sweden is big as france and germany combined . 
  i am sorry , but thats not your bussines son . 
  go play again with kids like denmark . 
  [ source ] ( http://time.com/4604267/most-googled-person-2016-donald-trump/ ), 
  welcome to the club of gigantic countries . 
  putin had legitimate right to claim crimea ? 
  what, 
  `` pasta la vista '' for italy i heard this on mapporn , i think its the best, 
  justice minister `` tom\u00e1\u0161 borec '' this name is so cool if you are from czech republic . 
  balkans unlike italy , spain or even portugal is realy poor , the growth is much bigger there . 
  the fastest growing economies are usualy the poorest ones , just look at africa . 
  in greece the big factor is [ public debt ] ( https://i.redd.it/wpbpdjn38qay.png ) which is biggest in the eu , and after japan probably biggest in the world . 
  import/export imbalance due to strong currency ( euro ) . 
  and i would say really bad tax collecting . 
  in 2016 , for first time since 1995 , czech republic had budget surplus 61 billion czk , especially because of eurofunds and better tax collecting . 
  largest surplus in history of independent czech republic . 
  thats old . 
  we had huge state budget surplus . 
  which is used for paying the public debt . 
  [ croatia new official flag ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqzn-2jqr_z-rleycx5suouuqsgdapnrae9jljimmzzm4luw8xrza ), 
  unlike greece , they have realy strong economy in the north . 
  the situation is not good , but still not that bad i think . 
  please invite us when you decide to invade sweden . 
  we want finaly acces to sea . 
  yes , but thats the same as in west europe , but in this map you have only 3 colours so it doesnt show up . 
  personaly i dont like it , there should be more colours , to make it more informative and accurate . 
  this basically only shows `` iron curtain '' , not really anything else . 
  nice work , but you should clear my mark since its your job , and make new submission . 
  it wo n't get much attention here anymore unfortunately . 
  belarus is a beautiful country . 
  too bad , they have dictator in charge . 
  japan actualy doin realy poorly . 
  czech republic public debt should be 34,3 % now . 
  cant believe , but we actualy decreasing it . 
  i 'm embarrassed to read these headlines , basicaly uk will be the best at everything and crush everyone ... ok i get it . 
  its average growth per year . 
  not a total growth . 
  numbers are in % . 
  i dont know , ask eurostat, 
  but what about space ? 
  is poland ready yet ? 
  multicultural society will eventually happen in every country it 's just a matter of time . 
  the way our planet works right now ... you cant protect your country against that in long term . 
  well , that 's why you are disappointed like right now :(, 
  compare to other south europe countries , you are like gods . 
  on this map , there is a clear pattern ( with the exceptions of course , and poland is doin indeed great ) . 
  the more behind you are - more your gdp will growth and vice versa . 
  its not like west europe is doin poorly . 
  based on polls clinton is president and britain is still part of eu . 
  so anything can happen . 
  what about us ? 
  its from the place i live and [ i actualy like it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyselo ), 
  you have very strange way of thinking , if i 'm going to be polite, 
  its not `` that bad '' . 
  i think 6 people freeze to dead this winter so far , mostly homeless . 
  i dont think they should . 
  i am proud to my language , nobody on the planet using letter \u0158 for example , but i dont wan na force people to learn it . 
  only 10 milion people on the earth speak my language and its only usefull on such a small part of earth . 
  yes i am sceptical about it too , i dont even believe its realistic . 
  but on the other hand , at the time we will build high speed railways in some long future , it might be old way of transport already . 
  i dont think its necessary a bad thing to skip something fairy old ( i think high-speed railways exists like 50 years already ) and start already building something which might be transport of future europe anyway . 
  i dont think we can aford to make experiments with this , its new , expensive , not realy practicaly tested . 
  but at the same time i think that only copy everything old from west is not our goal either . 
  krkonose around river jizera . 
  they said now it took 1,5 hour to go from brno to bratislava , which is 130km by road . 
  it will took 10 minutes in hyperloop . 
  brno to prague is 200km by road , so i assume it will took around 15 minutes . 
  prague to brno would be like 15 minutes prague to paris would be like 75 minutes maybe ? 
  sounds too cool to be true . 
  europe stronk ? 
  -27 \u00b0 c here , today in morning . 
  lets make a new european game , its like chess . 
  you move your people to another land and annex them . 
  i bet russia and germany will win in the end tho . 
  so if 15 milions germans move to czech republic and live here for some time . 
  would you agree that germany should annex czech lands ? 
  so were sudetenland . 
  did we learn something from history ? 
  i dont even know why are we forced to spend more on millitary . 
  i think its us who should lower spending not vice versa . 
  people overrestimate russia so much , europe can defend yourself against russia without any problem . 
  its from hre times in op link . 
  i just like that painting , thats all , 
  i did not expect , that berlin is that cheap . 
  it 's probably really good place to live , in term of the wages and living costs . 
  this is the kind of video which make you think about life . 
  all the people on the video are already dead and nobody realy know them , yet is only about 100 years ago . 
  now imagine how many generations of people lived on whole history of earth and how little we know about them . 
  many people dont like the job that they are doin , they are even making overtimes . 
  but from some point of view it realy doesnt make sense . 
  you should enjoy life on this planet as your first priority . 
  nobody will care how much did you work and what have you done after you die . 
  in next 100 years , people will know about us as much , as we know about those people in the video , nobody will realy know your name anymore , nobody will care . 
  just do what you like to do and dont force yourself in something you dont enjoy , life is realy too short for that . 
  i just found [ this image ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/philipp_veit_008.jpg ) on that wiki page . 
  pretty sweet painting , especially like the erb in the middle . 
  i was not even alive back then . 
  but , i just had 1968 flashback after your comment :( what have i done !, 
  mexico will pay for these prostitutes . 
  mark my words .
