  as i said , i do n't mind in what are you believe , as long as it help you to sleep better . 
  but at same time i am sure , that world will be better place without it at this point . 
  the more you read about the history of religions , about science , about psychology the more you have to come into conclusion , that religion is indeed one big nonsense . 
  and you realy think if people are not religious , that they consider yourself as cool ? 
  no medival religions = no problems i wan na let everyone believe in what they want , it 's not my right to tell them what to do . 
  but at the same time , i just have to say , that those medival religions are just piece of worthless shit and i hope that one day this disapear from planet earth . 
  its almost year 2017 , do we realy have to play this `` religion '' game like in 15th century ? 
  do you have some about us ? 
  almost like our old town . 
  realy suprised no eifell tower in france, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxpojorqgms ** warning drowned people ** this is how reality looks like.they will kill each other just to get to the ship first : /, 
  high skilled professionals , which of course want to work for 3x or 4x bigger wage vs uneducated muslims which most of them are in germany only for the social money , without will to work . 
  how can you even compare those issues ? 
  we cant give them 4x more money , we cant hold them here . 
  of course its germany and eu policy fault , if someone study 20 years in any country and after graduation he leave the country . 
  not only we lost high skilled person which we cant replace , we lost also money for securing his education . 
  and what we get in return ? 
  nothing, 
  most of our doctors after finishing study here , goes to germany as well ( 3x bigger wage ) . 
  at least we have a lot of doctors from ukraine here now ( recently i was on hospital and i was realy shocked how many actualy ) : / . 
  but what about ukraine now ? 
  generally a good thing . 
  but it is only a step towards censorship . 
  we should be careful with that . 
  majority of fins live in south part of country near shore . 
  no earthquake \u2713 no tsunami \u2713 no terrorists \u2713 no huricanes \u2713 no vulcan eruption \u2713 no floods \u2713 feels good to live here \u2713, 
  isis will start cry and drop the guns at the ground once she arrive in syria . 
  that 's for sure . 
  and what did you expect ? 
  shooting on streets ? 
  its 1,5-2 ,5:100 000 in baltic states , its just same as anywhere else . 
  only those colorfull statistics make it look bad . 
  even in `` worst '' places in world you will be safe on streets . 
  if she is not muslim , then nobody cares about it , instead its on all news and on this subreddit specialy everyday at least 5x . 
  i am sorry but it was a man . 
  you can look at this map if you dont believe me , its confirmed . 
  maybe some other time , 
  http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/5379/496/1600/europe.0.jpg only this exist i believe, 
  austrians hates us because of `` temelin '' . 
  if you know what that is, 
  i stand , but before starting pee , i bend the knee a bit , to make sure my stream actually hit the toilet . 
  practice make perfect . 
  dont worry , i am on similiar level . 
  i can watch english movies or read english text and i will understand 99 % . 
  but when i try to talk or write in english its just disaster , just like now . 
  something between germany , netherland and sweden . 
  so i am sure they are beautiful !, 
  exactly guys i am aware that many countries missing . 
  unfortunately this is all i could find in internet . 
  so i threw it all on the map . 
  with the fact that it may be interesting for someone . 
  http://www.indiatimes.com/culture/who-we-are/this-is-what-the-average-looking-woman-in-india-looks-like-228285.html if someone want read more about those `` photos '', 
  this is all i found , sorry . 
  nothing personal :(, 
  just do n't repeat 1938 and we are good !, 
  usual stuff , grandpa could not study , because he was not in the communist party . 
  also communists party have offered to my father , that if he join the communist party , he will be elevated in job . 
  corruption at all levels . 
  no freedom of movement , rare vacation at sea essentially alowed only in bulgaria . 
  no exotic food/fruit in stores . 
  part of our production was shipped by train to russia without paying for it . 
  yes , it is supposed to be 100 iq in average . 
  designed 100 years ago in germany , it was invented by william stern . 
  so i suppose he tested only germans . 
  also asian people have a bit highter iq in average that europeans . 
  anyway , unfortunately you should expect , that this topic will be deleted . 
  there is no source of this map , and moderators here often delete maps even with source if they do not like the map . 
  anyway , what is wrong with france . 
  french people do n't like france ? 
  not true , we love them as much as they love themselves . 
  i have read a lot about netherlands , where almost 50 % of people want to leave eu . 
  here i can see 84 % of people are positive about eu . 
  what should i believe ? 
  yes actualy sort of we are , hightest average iq is in japan , china , south korea or singapore ( around 105 ) . 
  i understand its not only oil . 
  in addition , as you said , it 's also a good `` safe '' location in europe . 
  merry christmas from europe to mexico, 
  i do n't know at least half of the capital cities in states of america . 
  well , if you think europe is a country , yes that 's just retarded . 
  well , too bad we will not find oil here too . 
  someone know where to be born . 
  czech public debt is $ 62\u00a0519\u00a0379\u00a0844 ,96124 . 
  you can pay it 14,5 x i am not econom and i am sure norway is smart enought to know what they are doin with this amout of money . 
  but at the same time it looks strange to me , that you are not investing more . 
  privacy in 2016 lul, 
  hey norway i heard you have a lot of oil . 
  can we be best friends ? 
  there should be another truck in case someone steals this truck . 
  looks like anything to me, 
  what is the point of it ? 
  raising awareness ? 
  everyone in europe knows what is goin on in syria . 
  so cool and heroic to walk 3400km with childrens in winter . 
  cmon , there are better ways to help . 
  `` we want to keep it as official as possible to ensure we get any police or ambulance support we might need , '' nice , excellent idea to abusing rescue services . 
  i understand that prague was capital city and center of the holy roman empire for a long time . 
  but in the middle of the germany ? 
  i dont think any other big city in this map is that inaccurate . 
  what is the point of it ? 
  raising awareness ?
