  everyone on europe knows what is goin on in syria . 
  so cool and heroic to walk 3400km with childrens in winter . 
  cmon , there are better ways to help . 
  `` we want to keep it as official as possible to ensure we get any police or ambulance support we might need , '' nice , excellent idea to abusing rescue services . 
  i was in zagreb multiple times and never witnessed any crime . 
  also i am sure that kiev is not that bad how it looks like . 
  i am sure every country in europe have special forces . 
  ( if i dont count something like vatican or andorra ), 
  hard time for germany . 
  if she doesnt change policy against migration and those attack will keep happening it will cost her election.if she change policy against migration those attacks might happening anyway . 
  in each case free points for party like afd . 
  nothing personal against russia but i dont wan na border with them :( and scandinavins will be triggered again, 
  nice , now give us our rum !, 
  i dont think you understand me right . 
  eu those days its beatifull example how divided by nations we actualy are . 
  every nation in eu just care about his own interest . 
  look at britain , look how much west europe actualy care about east , its just cheap working power for them , most of big companys now is owned by rich western country and all profit is send back outside . 
  thats just how it is . 
  even one of the richest country in east like czech republic doesnt catching west at all , we are supposed to be in similiar level as west in year 2250 + . 
  i live 70km away from germany and we have 1/4 wages compare to germany last 25 years , its not any better . 
  germany now invite 2 milions affricans/muslims people which getting payd more that working class in czech republic or poland . 
  nobody knows how many of those refugees actualy realy need help and how many just come there for money . 
  look at czech republic or poland for who they voting for now . 
  i dont think this is how united europe should look like . 
  people in europe are not equal and never will be as long as there are nations in this form . 
  eu can only work if every citizen of every nation start truly identify yourself as european . 
  as long as there are nations , national interrests and such a huge differences in wages it never goin to work . 
  europe would be stronger that even us if we are just 1 nation . 
  as we are connected more and more it will happen eventually , but not in our lifetime . 
  it was at least 10 times here already, 
  it will never work like this and i hope you know it . 
  its same in czech republic , also policemans with automatic weapons everywhere . 
  if you dont have problem deporting them as soon as they are discovered in another country . 
  why you have problem to deporting them in safe places in africa ? 
  you breaking the same laws as you mentioned in the begining . 
  in czech republic we had many migrants here , all of them run to germany as soon as they could . 
  exactly eu does not work like one nation and never will be , unlike usa , russia or china . 
  we are just bunch on small nations with some common interest . 
  i believe in few hundreds years we will be so much connected , that we even forget about some nations from the ancient history . 
  there will be no religions and people will look at everything in a big picture . 
  trying to achieve together common good and work on big science questions . 
  but something like this , will just not be achieved in our lifetimes . 
  we 'll be happy if we do not destroy ourselves . 
  truth is , we live in most peacefull time of human history . 
  i am just wonder if those terrorists will still attack when we stop using massmedia in a way we does . 
  if someone kill 10 people right now , majority of people around the world will know about it in a hour , those attackers are celebrity and world will forever know them ( even in a bad way ) . 
  i can imagine this can encourage them . 
  100 years ago if someone kill 10 people somewhere , you will probably doesnt even know . 
  maybe my opinion is wrong , but i believe media and the way we are connected with everything playing big part in all of this, 
  unfortunately those attacks in west europe and specialy in germany will keep happening from time to time , it can not be expected that it will not happen again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equipment_of_the_serbian_army so those t-55 can not be used or what ? 
  they have like 1000 battle tanks right now . 
  holy shit why would you need that . 
  well if something is written in polish i can translate like 80 % of it , and i will most likely get the point of the message . 
  but if someone speak at me in polish i will not understand at all or very little :(, 
  an eu infringement procedure to be used against member countries that have committed fundamental rights violations . 
  there are two parts -- article 7.1 would allow the council to give a formal warning to any country accused of violating fundamental rights . 
  if that does n't have the desired effect , article 7.2 would impose sanctions and suspend voting rights . 
  on the right bottom sign i expected also `` subscribe in my chanell to pay respect '', 
  slovakia is better ? 
  please czechs , man up , we ca n't let this happen . 
  well , lets hope its realy him . 
  would be realy bad , if this id card was stolen by actual terrorist and then dropped in the truck . 
  what else i can say to such a stupid question . 
  should i leave my job to become a refugee helper or what is his question then ? 
  best i can do to help them , is by keep working and paying taxes just like in any other country including germany or france . 
  i do n't do more or less than any of you . 
  now i can not have opinion about anything just because i live 70km away from germany ? 
  what a crazy world i live in uhhh . 
  why you talking to me like this wtf ? 
  what is my plan to help as czech citizen ? 
  just like any citizen of france , england , finland , sweeden ... or germany i will help by working in my job and pay taxes . 
  i maybe not even speak with muslim in my life , i dont even know any muslim , but that is not the point . 
  we are part of the eu and our country is located in center of the europe , ofcourse its our issue when in germany are people with free movement , which nobody know where they are come from . 
  the way those people come to europe and the way we checked them , is responsibility of eu which means its responsibity of every country in eu . 
  from my experience i dont realy wan na call him hero yet, 
  well that is true , but babis specifically was against this way of migration from the beginning . 
  its not like he suddenly started go against it . 
  not everything is populism , people have opinions and we are part of the europe , he is our minister and migration is problem of eu , not only problem of germany . 
  also people elected him in democratic election and i would say he is supposed to speak about those problems , every country in eu should . 
  i am not his fanboy but not everything is populism and collecting votes . 
  not to mention in sudetenland are german roots . 
  and poland is basically little germany . 
  this is google translated exactly what he wrote on facebook . 
  i dont realy wan na make correction of it ( i am not good english writer by myself ) so i hope its somehow readable . 
  `` for this horrid deed in berlin unfortunately the migration policy of german chancellor angela merkel . 
  it was she allowed to receive migrants in germany and across europe in uncontrolled waves , undocumented , and therefore without knowledge of who they really are . 
  germany for the policy pays a high price - it 's been a few terrorist attack on the germans in their country . 
  german and eu politicians should finally admit that he must stop the flow of migrants into europe outside the european continent and to stop the political correctness that threaten the germans and the whole of europe . 
  the solution is peace in syria and the return of migrants to their homes . 
  in europe , no place for them . 
  must wait in refugee camps in turkey . 
  migration from africa to stop in libya , and to arrange for the states from which they flee , financial aid to them from leaving their homes . '', 
  whoever make this call and its 12 + yo , you should send him to psychiatric hospital . 
  thanks , i wish i visit denmark once , 
  for a second i thought it 's beer, 
  nice to see that england and france betrayed us again !, 
  first video , from around 5:55 . 
  i personaly watched his speech even before this , but he says practicaly the same . 
  i did n't say that czechia is where he will go , he could go anywhere .
