  it is soviet ak-47 in most cases . 
  germany have twice as many guns per capita as we have btw . 
   environment policies wan na be more specific please ? 
  i have tried to google where is the problem with us . 
  did not find anything . 
  it is fully compliant with european firearms directive . 
  also crime with legally owned firearms is next-to-non-existent in our country . 
   one second they hate everything the eu stands for , and break eu agreements to the left , and right . 
  can you give us few examples beside refugee quota ? 
  jan 6 , 2017 also this is just a clickbait title . 
  looks like mucha, 
  can you remind me , how much czechs living in uk or western europe in general ? 
  why did we left austrian empire , when we had such a nice looking propaganda posters ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_relations_of_liechtenstein something like that , also 1,600 km \u00b2 of land which is 10x liechtenstein, 
  they did not recognized our country till 2009 . 
  not sure if this is the evidence for calling it simply `` staged '' . 
  but definitely cnn is happy to push their own view as much as they can , but fox news is doing the same from opposite direction . 
  if you wan na have unbiased informations , then do n't watch these commercial stations . 
  we all know where is the problem , which ideology is behind those attacks . 
  i understand that goverment and media does not wan na push against islam , it might cause more harm than good also it is not politicaly correct , nobody wan na be portrated as second hitler , because he/she will speak bad against islam . 
  but we have to acknowledge that muslims are very vulnerable to radicalization . 
  most muslims are really good people , i believe that , but they have still allah and quran as main source of ideas and allah and quran can be interpreted in many ways . 
  the whole ideology is realy vulnerable . 
  it is realy complex problem without any easy solution . 
  i think i am realy liberal and open person , but islam in this form is a problem we have to acknowledge . 
  problem is , there can not be any `` update '' of quran . 
  it is like running first version of windows95 in year 2017 . 
  islam lack someone like pope , i think current one is really open and willing to `` update '' christianity into current year , i realy like his approach . 
  he is a really nice guy . 
  too bad he had really bad season , lets hope it will get better . 
  would help if you constantly do not attack at every country around you mr. putin i am against military spending , but at this point russia is threat and we should be capable defending ourselves . 
  the belarus , country which is in europe , but nobody really care and know anything about them . 
  the country lives with its own separate life from others . 
  this is how i see belarus . 
  may 16 , 2017 , 04:46:00 am why you keep posting those old news ? 
  published 4:26 am , tuesday , may 16 , 2017, 
  cameraman : must ... have ... footage ... even ... if ... i. ... die, 
  i might created this topic , but i am also juve fan . 
  lets hope he will have chance next year , he is still good !, 
  32 % is blindly following ? 
  i mean , 32 % is still a lot for person like putin , but i would bet that the number will be similiar in many `` western '' european countries . 
  not really afraid of migrants - as long as they are not from mena . 
  vast majority of czechs are against accepting islam and muslims in any form . 
  importing muslims and accepting islam , is the definition of ruined society and country from czech point of view . 
  this is how i see average czech opinion about this . 
  [ world leaders favourability ratings according to czechs -- june 2016 ] ( https://en.stem.cz/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/word-image-6.png ) a year old data , but it is interesting to see , that merkel was most favourite politician long time here , and becomes least favourite politican in just a 2 years . 
  nobody will directly fight russia for crimea with force , that 's for sure . 
  so it will stay in russia . 
  just me , or does he look like he 's 12 ? 
  yes i read that once too , soviets expected western interference and were ready to give up czechoslovakia without conflict . 
  but it is logical that nobody wants nuclear war for 1 country :(, 
  or just bohemia and be done with it . 
  it was like that for like thousand years and moravians did not cared . 
  just like austria is also only part of austria . 
  also masaryk wrote the memorandum `` independend bohemia '' . 
  we were supposed to be called like this in english language if we did not unite with slovakia . 
  wtf , that cabine look like czech flag . 
  wrong sub ? 
   also should be noted that most muslims havent read the qu ` ran not only i dont believe that most muslims havent read the quran ( you are free to prove me wrong with some good source ) , i also think , that in case you have right , and they havent read that , it makes the things even worse . 
  i had many discussions with muslims , and not even once i had good impression from it . 
  just ask them real questions , not what is the weather . 
  ask them if quran is holy book - if thats revelation from god . 
  every good muslim will tell you it is . 
  then ask them specificaly about those pasages in contradiction . 
  you will not get straight answer for that ever . 
  ask them about gays for example . 
  ask them if allah is above laws . 
  what is `` assimilated '' ? 
  if you read the quran at least once in your life , you will know , that there is like 100 things in contradiction with western laws and values . 
  so much things in quran is left for self interpretation , that even some good muslim is extremely vulnerable for radicalization . 
  - [ pdf source ] ( http://visionofhumanity.org/app/uploads/2017/06/gpi-2017-report-1.pdf ) - [ website ] ( http://visionofhumanity.org/indexes/global-peace-index/ ), 
  so basically kazakhstan women 's like to watch czech porn . 
   certain jobs come with certain risks . 
  working in an office and sitting in a chair 40 hours a week is n't good for you either . 
  neither is working in a coal mine . 
  yet people still do these jobs . 
  this is really fucking awful mindset you have . 
  so what ? 
  we should have not protect the people against health complications when we can do it , just because sitting on the chair in office can be bad too ? 
  do you even understand how bad inhalation of smoke is ? 
   no , seriously , how is deciding to work in a smoking pub different than deciding to smoke ? 
  you do n't have to do either , yet people still do . 
  do you agree , that for example people in china should work 16 hours per day in factory too ? 
  nobody forcing them to work there right ? 
  it 's their decision , they can quit if they want . 
  danes ffs , get your shit together . 
  since beer + cigarete in pubs was here almost tradition for decades , we were quite behind in this . 
  apparently we had 102 tons of gold before revolution . 
  but we give 30 tons to slovakia and sold the rest in 1997-99 because some others commodities were better investment . 
  last person on moon was ethnic czech , first person which flyed around the moon was another ethnic czech . 
  but australia is in europe . 
  it is that country where hitler is from . 
  ( croatia ) zagreb = montreal ( bosnia ) sarajevo = toronto those are unexpected for me too , we are realy far more north that it seems . 
  i do n't believe that , i do n't think those people in headline need any more attention . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6e5i1n/office_of_the_reurope_moderators/ ?? 
  with what ? 
  we can use our old soviet tanks , but you have to borrow us some ships . 
  donald trump proof : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/332308211321425920?lang=en, 
  austria not beer ? 
  i dont believe that .
