  i can confirm that this map is just wrong . 
  truth is , before 1990 we had to learn russian language in school so there is lot of older people who actually learned russia . 
  but is also truth that absolutely nobody here have to speak russian anymore , there is no reason why they should . 
  majority of those people doesnt use russian language even once in life affter they left school . 
  so if you consider people who remember 10 russian words from school as someone who have knowledge , then those numbers are correct i guess . 
  if you go on the street and start talk to people in russian language then there is no way 10-19 % would understand you , i bet my life on it . 
  i assume in another latin speaking countrys like germany , poland , slovakia ... it is similiar . 
  romania , the only country of europe that have not betrayed us in 1968 . 
  talk to them with respect !, 
  if i speak slovakia . 
  does that count ? 
  actualy i have nothing against homosexual couples having adopted kid . 
  i just feel this need some time unfortunately . 
  for example i can imagine how other kids in school would act if they know that someone have same sex parents . 
  maybe i am wrong but i think this need some time at least in czech republic for for their own good . 
  i think in like 10 years public opinion on this could change a lot . 
  i bet if he candidate for president , people here would elect him . 
  actualy i am sure . 
  it does n't look like anything to me . 
  i am sorry , but this map doesnt seems legit to me at all . 
  in prague for example is purchasing power much highter that in rest of the country . 
  i do n't think you have understand what i am trying to say . 
  maybe my english is not good enought to express it , i dont know . 
  that map is not upvoted because `` are you really this delusional to think that it got 20k upvotes because people were trying to push the racist czech republic '' as you have said with your words . 
  it is upvoted , because it is likeable for most people included in that map in combination of factors . 
  look at the map again , most of countries including central and eastern european ones are green , thats a good reason for those people upvote it , it puts them in a good light , even in constrast with us , slovakia or lithuania , they should be rightfully proud , so they upvote it . 
  western european ones , are all green too , why would anyone from country like french , irish , spaniard etc downvote it ? 
  they like it this way . 
  a lot of people here dont like muslims too , and when map shows , that they are least favourable group , it is just another reason to upvote it for people who dont like them . 
   it was just an intresting piece of data about attitiude towards diffrent social groups in eu countries . 
  would you speak the same if poland is pure red in every category ? 
  if czech republic is green and poland is red , it would be highly upovoted anyway from the reasons i stated . 
  this is not `` propaganda against czech republic '' as you said . 
  if that map would put a bad light at countries like france , germany and uk ( 200m people ) , the people of those countries will not generaly like it that much anymore . 
  and i am sure it would have not been that much upvoted . 
  do you think i am wrong ? 
  cmon man, 
  of course most people upvote thing because it fits their narrative , because they like what they see . 
  in general , people dont upvote things because its true , they dont know if thats true or not , they believe it is true and they like it , thats all . 
  everytime here is something bad about poland , people will upvote it far more likely than if the same thing happens in another `` boring '' country . 
  like it or not , poland is the problem child of the eu , some blame is deserved and something not . 
  but it does n't matter , because `` poland brand '' sells . 
  if there will be statistic from reputable source like eurostat , where will be stated that average citizen of poland have iq 90 , and next day similiar statistic , where will be stated that average citizen of poland have iq 120 . 
  which one of those 2 will poles far more likely upvote or downvote ? 
  or another example , you can choose from 2 headlines . 
  `` ethnic syrian killed german citizen ... '' or `` german citizen killed german citizen ... '' . 
  what will get the upvotes far more likely , which newspapers with those headlines will people buy far more likely ? 
  people see and like what they wan na see . 
  why are you sorry . 
  i do not check sources of everything i see also . 
  obviously nobody have time for that , life is easier if you put trust into someone/something . 
  in this case mods/reddit and specialy eurostat/eurobarometer , which are trusted sources in general i would say . 
  people will upvote anything , as long as it is enough shocking . 
  nobody will ever bother to check the source on the internet as long as it fits his/her narrative . 
  someone posted this on czech subreddit , i have no idea if he is right or not , but it seems like the question in czech republic was indeed with different meaning . 
   oh , i remember this being discussed two years ago when the original eurobarometer came out . 
  i usually love eurobarometer , but this was a major fuckup for them . 
  the problem is that this study did n't ask `` would you feel comfortable if ... '' but '' \u0158ekn\u011bte , jak by v\u00e1m bylo p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 kdyby . . '' which would be best translated as `` would you feel happy ... '' and the very comfortably that is the 10 on the english version would be like a 5 at best in the czech version . 
  ( i do n't have the complete questionnaire nor the time to look it up , but you can see the difference on the czech version of the factsheet : http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/survey/getsurveydetail/instruments/special/surveyky/2077 )  i am not saying that cr does not have problems with racism , but this survey is unusable for comparing between different countries . 
  [ this person had actually really good clothes ] ( https://u.smedata.sk/blogidnes/article/5/61/618365/618365_article_photo_wft27w00_900x.jpeg?r=27b3a ), 
  looks nice , it 's doable climb this mountain in sandals ? 
  [ czechoslovakia early 90s ] ( https://media.super.cz/images/gallery/0000000007000959/vk50v7mskpoycg5mjzevgw/50cde20543025d044b5a0500-38159?size=539 ), 
  is that [ ben kingsley ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/m/mv5botu2njg2nzm4m15bml5banbnxkftztgwnjywnjqwmti@._v1_uy317_cr10,0,214,317_al_.jpg ) ? 
  i think this can fit here , liquid is mainly european team with players from europe or living in europe . 
  they have won the biggest esport tournament ever hosted ( prize pool over 22m dollars i believe ) . 
  winner of football champions league was here too . 
  and look at front page of this subreddit now , full of shitposts about `` how i see europe '' . 
  i do n't like when people are posting sport results here , but this is really major tournament with european players and european team as winner , i can imagine a lot of people might find this interresting . 
  or i think that the questions for czech republic had to be somehow badly translated . 
  some word with slightly different meaning can make a difference . 
  too bad that this information is not in the source . 
  only english , french , spanish and german translation of the document . 
  this poll should be from may - june 2015 , so it is right before/at start of the refugee crisis, 
  we like each other , but the dissolution have a reason . 
  it was for the better of both countries in the end . 
  czechs can not complain that slovaks `` holding them back '' , slovaks can not complain , that czechs treats them worse and power is centralized in prague . 
  we are now both in the eu with open borders anyway . 
  creating another czechoslovakia would probably only create some social problems . 
  but we would have stronger hockey and football teams tho :p, 
  greenland is part of north america . 
  similar like french guiana is part of south america . 
  they have european culture , they are part of european countries but they are not part of european continent . 
  security for free ? 
  we are talking about some kind of protection ? 
  will germany protectorate us for free ? 
  that seems nice !, 
  so when can we expect reparations for ww2 ? 
  so . . is putin king in the north ? 
  do you realize that this is all in nominal values right ? 
  turkey have 10k gdp per capita ppp and russia 9k . 
  so if we have almost 20k now after communism , i would say that 's quite good . 
  yeah well , unfortunately ( and fortunately ? ), 
  europe have weird shape , rich diverse history and always some countries are hard to define . 
  look at russia , us , australia , india or china everything is in a nice shape . 
  portugal is most western country in europe , but at the same time italy or spain are more north than portugal , then why portugal should be called western europe ? 
  even worse with us , geographically in west/east scale we are in western part of europe , historically and culturally , we were always in our history under heavy influence of austria and germany . 
  then communism happened , and we are now often referred as eastern europe . 
  and if you comparing economy and wages it makes perfect sense . 
  but will people call us as central europe when try talk about culture ? 
  will they call us as eastern europe when they talk about economy ?
