  hey putin , have you ever been in bohemia ? 
  i dont wan na repeat famous russian names , but as czech i think it worth mention , that andrey vlasov army hugely helped save the prague from nazis . 
  i know that vlasov was not exactly a good guy ( he `` joined '' the nazis after he was captured ) , and he was hanged after he return to the russia , but he and his army helped us when we need it the most , and it should have not been forgotten . 
  officially , it was the soviets who saved prague , but who knows maybe without vlasov army , prague will be a pile of rubble . 
  we were closely allied with france in 1938 and then munich agreement happened . 
  it is not taught in school outside the czech republic ? 
  its just make me laught , that someone from france say something like he did . 
  i dont live from past , and i think that actualy france will help baltics this time if needed . 
  but i think it must sound kind of funny for someone from here . 
  1938 ... thats why i laught, 
   i am fairly confident that my country would be ready to send his soldiers fight for its allies against enemy conventional forces . 
  i laughed, 
  [ another beautiful picture of sofia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ocjdxfw.png ), 
  yes , east had more soldiers . 
  but half of those soldiers will surrender and fight for west in first actual conflict . 
  i cant imagine how would you force east germany or czechoslovakia to fight against nato . 
  specialy after 1968 . 
  romania stronk !, 
  god save the queen, 
  basicaly uk wan na do everything to make sure that andy murray have same environment as roger federer . 
  so scotland and possibly north ireland will leave uk ? 
  i often read far right comments in trump voice . 
  they voted leave but in the end it was like 48 % < 52 % . 
  its still half of the population . 
  well i guess soft brexit will be `` not enought '' for both groups . 
  i just think , that more you aging , the more you see past as `` good old times '' and you definitely dont like changes . 
  i can tell you , that if only voters in czech republic are 60 + people , then we have communists here again , i am sure about it . 
  it reminds me prague a lot . 
  yes the quatily is almost the same for obvious reason . 
  but vw is considered as more `` luxury '' car so people are willing to pay more for it . 
  as long as skoda is considered as worse car ( doesnt matter if thats true or not ) it will remain cheaper . 
  i can also imagine that for germans it might be `` shame '' to own skoda car , even if its basicaly created with big help of germany itself . 
  can someone from germany here tell me , how skoda looks from their perspective ? 
  its still considered as cheap car from east ? 
  it realy feels like battle of young people ( stay ) vs old people ( leave ) from this statistic . 
  i heard it was like this , but didnt expect that big a difference . 
  so source is keyboard of some journalists ? 
  norway will not leave single market . 
  you are spreading fake news , thats all . 
  but google earth is not a `` map '' . 
  its a interactive globe . 
  why should norway single market ? 
  source ? 
  it will be disproportionate with every map you will use . 
  nothing will be ideal . 
  look at google maps , they are using this map too . 
  greenland is big as africa , but still its the best map you can use . 
  i agree that for maps like those its better to use map where north is smaller . 
  i dont know but i am sure in vatican it is `` papamobile '', 
  sanction against russia affected whole europe . 
  this is most selling single model map . 
  not whole brand . 
  for europe its manufactured in czech republic actualy . 
  with some technology from germany ( vw ) of course . 
  yes , vw concern is realy dominant in europe . 
  and specialy vw and skoda cars copy from each other a lot . 
  i just googled czech republic fake taxi . 
  i was not disappointed . 
  i heard many taxi drivers in turkey buying fiat egea . 
  source is the best i could find on the internet . 
  sometimes the results were very close , so i dont wan na guarantee you , that this is 100 % accurate . 
  its highly unlikely indeed . 
  also its safe to assume that more and more people will start to migrate from east and south to the north and west . 
  i am more interrested about us ( czechs ) . 
  we have lowest unemployment in europe but also we are not quite on west level with wages . 
  will people start migrate into czech republic too ? 
  i think 90 % will go to germany anyway . 
  austria soon into space !, 
  map says opposite how so ? 
  even people in 1570 knew , that bohemia is center of the universe, 
  those are the best playgrounds , kids can fight each other for who will be the boss on the horse . 
  it will teach them , that they have to fight for what they want . 
  you always have to look at it positively !, 
  i mean that `` ball '' on your plate . 
  what is inside that `` ball '' ? 
  portugal = cristiano ronaldo for most people on the planet , you doesnt have to even try . 
  its true , we just dont know who will take south/east moscow yet . 
  we will discuss that in next nato meeting with king of potaoe people and ambassador of klingon federation . 
  why should we pumping money into country , which use it on making tanks and invading neighbors ? 
  country that big with less gdp than italy . 
  i wish one day we will get gas and petroleum from canada for example , wan na see what will russia do then . 
  or i hope we start massively using electric cars soon . 
  even italy have bigger gdp that russia . 
  but its not only about that . 
  in time of war those things doesnt matter that much . 
  i think us could at least save czechs , churchill knew what will happen and wanted liberate prague first too . 
  patton was few km away from prague , heard in radio calling for help from prague and suggested he will `` disapear for few hours to save prague '' . 
  in the end roosevelt insisted on letting soviets take prague first and patton did nothing and even stoped some czech resistance `` army '' on letting in prague after they heard calling for help from there . 
  most czech people were happy that soviets help us , while us stayed before prague and did nothing , even when we call for help . 
  now we know , that patton actualy wanted to , but was instructed by president to do nothing . 
  i think if patton actualy liberate prague first , our history would change so much . 
  ? , eurosong participant , gypsie , thieves , russia territory , cheap , whores , hookers = east europe on 99 % those maps . 
  west europe still the absolute same too , but it 's not offensive mostly . 
  things like pizza , good footbal , tea , baguette , good cars , weed are on 99 % maps . 
  one day i read how israel consider czech republic as biggest friend in europe . 
  next day i see post by israel guy who call us cheap and place skoda as sweeden car :-(, 
  we beat south korea , austria , luxembourg , belgium , france , japan , us ... ~ ~ make ~ ~ czech republic is great again, 
  excuse me , i wanted to extend british kingdom . 
  it 's not a mistake . 
  iraq is not doing that bad .
