  will they call us as western or central europe when they talk about geography ? 
  many people just dont care and describe us as `` eastern europe '' even if it does not make any sense . 
  yes , if i had to choose where to live , either in city where civil people do n't wear guns . 
  or in a city , where people are allowed to wear guns for self protection , then i will choose to live in that city without guns for civil population . 
  i do n't think regulation of guns is a bad thing in general . 
  this statement does not mean , that i regulary meet people on public with guns in czech republic , i was just trying to say , that i do n't believe guns in hands of civilians will lead to less violent and overall better society . 
  to be honest i did not studied this new eu gun law , because i do n't really care about it , but i do n't believe that it 's completely unjustified nonsense as many gun loving people here claims . 
  i respect if someone love and own guns , but those people are still in heavy minority . 
  everytime here is some new topic about gun regulation , the same exact people here will always tell you , how czechs love guns so much and we are basically texas in europe . 
  as i said , maybe i live in some realy weird region , but people here do not own guns , do not wear them , do not talk about them and surely shooting as hobby is not anything what would people do here . 
  we legaly taking action against the eu , and i do n't really mind , it 's our right . 
  just do n't pretend that guns are something majority of people will really care about here . 
  as you said , we are eurosceptic nation ( and sceptics in general in everything ) , so for me this action is from big part used as convenient tool how to attract eurosceptic and gun loving voters . 
  i always feel like i am living in some different country when here is talk about guns . 
  i read how we like guns so much , but i have never noticed that we have some super strong gun culture , definitely not bigger than germany or austria . 
  nobody own guns , nobody wear them , nobody talk about them . 
  if i cross borders to austria , germany or poland i do not feel any difference . 
  i feel like only some small group of gun lovers people care about this , and they made yourselfs very vocal about how much we czechs love guns . 
  our number of guns per capita is 2x lower than in germany , france , austria or sweden for example . 
  yes i think this eu law wo n't solve anything , our laws are good enough . 
  but at the same time , i will feel safer if people around me do not wear guns than vice versa , so i do n't really mind any regulation . 
  it depens how you draw the borders everywhere . 
  for example our second largest city is brno , but brno is only part of big south moravian region which drag down brno \u00b4 s city gdp per capita . 
  on the other hand , center of prague has its own region which is like 7th richest in europe . 
  you could extend this region multiple times and it would be still richer than lithuania capital . 
  point is , that maps like these only working with some predefined regions the information value is not really that big . 
  how is that relevant at all ? 
  point is , that czechoslovakia had no interest in some slavic union . 
  franti\u0161ek palack\u00fd ( 1798 -- 1876 , czech historian and politician , the most influential person of the czech national revival , called `` father of the nation '' ) supported austro-slavism and worked for a reorganized and federal austrian empire , which would protect the slavic speaking peoples of central europe against russian and german threats . 
  the creation of an independent czechoslovakia made the old ideals of pan-slavism anachronistic . 
  relations with other slavic states varied , sometimes being so tense it escalated into an armed conflict , such as with the second polish republic where border clashes over silesia resulted in a short hostile conflict , the polish -- czechoslovak war . 
  even tensions between czechs and slovaks had appeared before and during the world war ii . 
  the new country was a multi-ethnic state . 
  the population consisted of czechs ( 51 % ) , slovaks ( 16 % ) , germans ( 22 % ) , hungarians ( 5 % ) and rusyns ( 4 % ) . 
  many of the germans , hungarians , ruthenians and poles and some slovaks , felt oppressed because the political elite did not generally allow political autonomy for minority ethnic groups . 
  this policy , combined with increasing nazi propaganda especially in the industrialized german-speaking sudetenland , led to unrest among the non-czech population . 
  in general , the `` elite '' politicians of slovakia and the czech republic consider any pan-slavic ideas or ideas of slavic unification and unity as a sign of extremism . 
  what do you mean ? 
  like 25 % of our population were germans , 5 % were hungarians , and they had exact same rights as czechs . 
  czechoslovakia was one of the most multicultural countries in europe . 
  netherlands can not send any direct flight into germany now . 
  to be honest , i really wonder how it will look like in lets say next 50 years , when billions of africans or asians starts to be more wealthy , and start to travel . 
  even now you cant even move in the major european cities during the summer , and influx of tourists is basically every year higher . 
  unfortunately , we will have to somehow regulate tourism in centers soon or later . 
  i am pro-eu , but this video is realy cringefest . 
  eu have plans to limit cancer-linked chemical called acrylamide from food . 
  this headline states that eu want to ban bread , fries , chips and coffee . 
  this paper is sold folded , so you wont see the bottom half , and once you see the bottom half , it states that stop !, 
  because of cancer . 
  then you have small text which explains it somehow . 
  i dont know if you are fan of this tabloid , but i clearly see the absurd anti-eu narrative - which sells . 
  saturday 23 july 2016 12:19 bst, 
  for those who do n't know what this is about https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/oct/26/eu-drops-law-to-limit-cancer-linked-chemical-acrylamide-food-after-industry-complaint, 
  prague should be more north-west inside those mountains . 
  and those mountains should be smaller, 
  in this video we can see it that it goes 120km/h , the rest is animation only . 
  the idea on paper is nice , but so far they did not showed absolutely anything . 
  so we have like 30 % trust in the eu or euro ( lowest in eu ) , but still we trust in our government even less . 
  our trust in god is also lowest in the eu . 
  i see that 1938 and 1968 really set deep wounds in us . 
  :( [ we are basicaly this irl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of1j-xpiw5u ), 
  we are southern europeans in this blessed day, 
  no , even in school there was always lot lot more gingers than 1 % . 
  and i mean true gingers with freckles . 
  again this is just my experience , maybe i was just `` lucky '' . 
  but the number 1 % seems way too low for my region . 
  souce is some [ telegraph article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/maps-and-graphics/country-with-the-most-redheads-gingers/ ) which claims that the source is some [ old reddit post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/1d1luy/red_hair_map_of_europe_620x900/ ) which is unsourced , so yeah it is probably someone 's fast work in photoshop, 
  [ full resolution ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pmm80ds3uc4/uka-wvq9cwi/aaaaaaaaasu/z3w3oamvpeq/s1600/red-hair-map-of-europe.png ), 
  personally i do n't believe that only 1 % of people have `` red hair '' here , maybe i am just in different circle of people , but gingers are not that rare here . 
  same with us . 
  we have parliamentary system , and while our president have more privileges than president in germany for example , the most important person in the country is still our pm ( sobotka ) . 
  czechia can not into western europe, 
   now it 's a political decision . 
  exactly , it is very unlikely that we will adopt euro in next 10 years because of populism . 
  it is quite ironic when you realize , that from all the countries who have joined eu after 2004 , we would have benefit most from the euro , also we are in the best condition before adopting it . 
  we are in completely different situation than greece , there is nothing to compare . 
  yet the support for euro is for some reason one of the lowest in all europe . 
  the babi\u0161 reasons for not accepting euro are really pure populism . 
  it is very unlikely that we will adopt euro in next 10 years . 
  but who knows , anything can happen . 
  also 7 years old already , in topic like this the views are changing relatively fast . 
   i know this is n't exactly europe ... 
  this have nothing to do with europe . 
  i know it has to be so much work with this , and i really like it . 
  but this is a content which does not belongs here . 
  if we will allow this content , why should n't we allow everyone else post everything they want . 
  so as much as i like it , rules should be respected and enforced . 
  we have parliament elections in october , i do n't believe there will be a strong motivation being against them after that . 
  especially when slovaks now `` broke '' the v4 `` unity '' on this . 
  anything can happen , but right now i would bet , that we will agree on quotas in a few months . 
  i think it is more a balkan thing . 
  it is a non-existent sport for average person here ( just like rugby , american football , or cricket ) . 
  water sports on average are not realy popular here . 
  football , ice hockey , tennis , biathlon are most popular sports . 
  in order to enjoy the show , you need to build some kind of feeling with the characters . 
  it is obvious that they wan na show how their relationship has progress , because it will be important to understand better some scenes in the future thanks to this . 
  but yeah , i do n't care about those sex scenes either , they could be shorter at least . 
  [ only football food ] ( https://www.fanklubfkt.cz/wp-content/uploads/klob%c3%a1sa-a-pivo.jpg ), 
  i believe you did mistake with us , we have 10,5 m people not 1,05 m  happens, 
  will you give us discount on kebab if we will win ?
