  i like sydney opera house too , but thats not a good example . 
  and i understand the reasons why we are bulding houses from metals and glass and a lot of them looks great . 
  but those old buildings have an european soul and its a shame nobody bulding anything like that at all anymore , new buldings are the `` same '' in europe , japan , us or south africa . 
  [ for example i quite like this , it makes the place even better , those buildings are in contrast to each other so much , that it makes the place interesting ] ( https://www.google.cz/maps/@50.0758247,14.4138484,3a,75y,115.17h,110.48t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smj97zcrutxdvuolvsoofpq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ), 
  as far as i know , you need to do some complicated psychotests before you can join even military academy . 
  the entry criteria is the same for everyone . 
  by your statement you can say , that womans can not participate in military either , because they are on average weaker than mans , so they will have trouble in some situations . 
  you will end up with statement , that the best soldier is 25 years old heterosexual male 190cm high and with weight 100kg . 
  everything worse than that , is not good enough . 
  everyone should be treated the same if they comply criteria . 
  [ i wan na puke when i see something like this ] ( https://www.google.cz/maps/@50.1025976,14.4541796,3a,60y,122.01h,121.6t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sjz0h7z8f-1t_may0c7blbg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ), 
  we used to build such a nice buildings back then , it 's a shame that nowadays the architecture from outside feels so perfectly sterile , everything is glass and metal . 
  good old bricks and roof tiles . 
  we need more butter !, 
  build the wall to keep the oil out !, 
  lets make butter great again !, 
  you can actualy see hre borders on this map . 
  what about malta ? 
  its true , its on the internet . 
  i am just trying to point out , that there will be a lot of ways how to abuse this law , and i am certain that many people will try . 
  once this will be allowed here , i will sexualy identify as woman and go to the woman showers . 
  [ velorex ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/velorex ) [ \u0160koda 1000 mb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%a0koda_1000_mb ) wartburg or moskvitch were a popular brands here too, 
  i am not an expert , but it does not sound realy similiar . 
  citizen of austria is `` raku\u0161an '' our surname for austrians is basicaly `` n\u011bmec '' , which means german and it 's very common here . 
  i dont think people in past distinguished differences between german speaking population , so they called them all like that . 
  i really like czech weather a lot , of course it 's not ideal , winters can be really cold . 
  but if i look around the world , there is not much places i would like to swap our weather with . 
  [ this type of election ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_parliamentary_election,_1964 ), 
  it feels like we have actually a good football players if we play against them . 
  rofl , i just wrote similiar comment about codex gigas here , and now i read that you had similiar idea before me , nice , we need to take our stuff back !, 
   ibm administrators in the czech republic were also given full access to all data and logs , according to swedish newspaper dagens nyheter ( dn ) , which analysed the s\u00e4po investigation documents . 
  giff back stolen [ codex gigas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/codex_gigas ) or we release everything !, 
  you can not compare world in 1914 with world in 2017 at all . 
  technology goes forward in mile steps . 
  100 years ago most of the population was born and died at the same place without moving pretty much anywhere . 
  people had no contact with the rest of the world . 
  they knew about other countries only from some outdated textbooks . 
  average person only meet people in the job , in the pub or home . 
  there was no exchange of experiences on regular basis between diferent cultures . 
  you have no idea how real poverty was common back then . 
  - now you are watching movies , tv series , documents etc from different countries everyday - you are using websited and aplications from different countries to communicate with people from different countries - you are reading and watching news from whole world in live transmission online - you are speaking actively english - you are using products from companies all around the world - you are eating fresh food from another countries every day - you are wearing basicaly same clothing as someone in us , germany or japan - you can type any question you have into google , and you will have correct result instantly - you can move to any spot in this planet basically in a single day all those things were impossible in 1914 , and all these thing are now practiced in most of the developed world , this forcing people to think in a same way , we are more and more connected with everyone on this planet everyday . 
  you dont have to be rocket scientist to realize , that with all this progress and technology is globalization just inevitable in a long run . 
  if you wan na keep your unique culture , you really need to move to some abandoned island and do n't talk to anyone . 
  i can respect everyone 's opinion about everything . 
  but if someone think that his culture , folklore and nationaly in general will exist in year 3000 , then he is a big fool . 
  if we dont destroy our planet , then this planet will exist for next millions/billions years , concept of nations living somehow separately on such a small planet in that time , is something absolutely absurd to even think about . 
  i mean , \u010cz ( czech firearms manufacturer from uhersk\u00fd brod ) selling arms all over middle east including saudi arabia . 
  this is happening all over europe , war in the middle east is a great bussines for us and european firearm companies . 
  and if we do not have influx of immigrants and refugees , nobody would even care about this to this day . 
  not sure why montenegro is bashed when everyone is doing it . 
  the question of africa for example will be a big challenge . 
  i believe once african countries start to be big consuments of western technologies and culture ( tv shows , internet etc ) , they will realy start to quickly realize , how much poorer they are in contrast to us or europe . 
  and i am sure they will not like it at all , we ( eu or us ) will have likely at that time some sort of basic unconditional income for example , and africans will be forced to work in far worse conditions , longer and for less money . 
  this is a thing already between `` eastern '' and `` western '' europe , and it will be far far worse in africa in a much bigger scale . 
  africa will have over 4b people in 2100 and we ( eu and the us for example ) will be the rich elites ( around 1b ) whos controling africa and they will feel like slaves compare to us . 
  and since will be too many of them , we wont be able ( and people will be unwilling ) to narrow the gap and provide them the same conditions in some reasonable time . 
  this is realy only my speculation , but i am fairly scared how will look like the relationship between africa and europe and the rest of the world in the future . 
  thats simply not true . 
  it is heading that way , not today , not tomorrow , not even in 10 or 50 years . 
  but this planet will eventually become 1 society of the same people with the same exact rights , customs and one day we will even look the same . 
  we can contact anyone on this planet instantly , if you decide now , you can visit any place on this planet without problems . 
  the connection of the people is becoming faster and stronger than ever before and it wont stop . 
  physical distances are becoming shorter and shorter . 
  and non-physical distances among people are non-existent even today . 
  the only way how you can stop this , is by making a big walls around your country , disconnect yourself from the internet and prohibit the free movement of people . 
  i dont think we should push globalization by importing third world people in our countries . 
  people are not ready for it , it will cause only problems . 
  but globalization is the inevitable future of this planet , denying it is simply ignorance . 
  it does n't matter if i or you like it or not . 
  globalization is happening and will keep happening , you basically ca n't stop it . 
  i also like our culture , specific czech architecture , i like our way of life , globalization will destroy a lot of things . 
  but it will happen , unless you want bring your country back into stoneage . 
  so if you will think rationally without emotions , then you will know , that you can globalization only delay a bit , but you can not stop it from happening . 
   oh yes , v4 is more tolerant than france . 
  nobody realy fucking care if you are asian or black here . 
  i know one black guy from another city , many asians and believe me , they are living a normal life . 
  yes , people stare at someone with different skin on the street sometimes , but if they see a black person once per 2 years , i find that quite natural , not racist . 
  i would prefer to having non-muslim neighbours too , since you cant even drink a beer with most of them . 
  but that is not racism , it is like having preference for girl with brown eyes or whatever . 
  and this test is not about religion anyway , this is about race only . 
  some people have really weird perception , just because some countries refused the quota system . 
  so we are now viewed as racists , interesting . 
  and yes , those tests are usualy realy random and not accurate at all . 
  but people like them , clicking on them , discuss about them and thats all what matters for newspaper . 
  good job poland !, 
  keep it up !, 
  i like romanians !, 
  they refused to help soviet union in attacking us durring the 1968 occupation , when we tried to escape communism . 
  do you mean the northwestern part ? 
  it was a empty place once germans were expelled , since most of the region were sudetenlands . 
  after the war , the empty houses were given free . 
  it was slowly resettled by poor people from all around the czechoslovakia , including gypsies , thieves , criminals etc. 
  it took like 20 years till all houses were resettled . 
  nowadays the region is devastated by surface mining by foreign companies , many villages were closed in order to make space for mining . 
  things are getting slowly better , but the region is being poor for decades . 
  it is just a map of nut2 regions placed and adjusted over original map , done in a 2 minutes half year ago . 
  it is nothing perfect, 
  http://i.imgur.com/izf8k2f.jpg ** map with borders and regions ** , i quickly did that like half year ago when this same map was posted too, 
  and the people , believe me , they are great folks , tremendous people , i am very proud , the best kind of people .
