  yes, 
  source to full article : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-eurostat-news/-/ddn-20170511-1?inheritredirect=true&amp;redirect=%2feurostat%2fweb%2fmain%2fhome, 
  while babi\u0161 will be likely prime minister , i do n't believe that zeman will win again . 
  draho\u0161 for example have better chance in my opinion . 
  at least let me dream about it :(, 
  nah , sauron is real , there is no reason why anyone would question his existence . 
  in the end , we are the [ mordor of europe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/58/europe_as_a_queen_map.jpg ), 
  the border between bohemia and bavaria is pretty much the same all the time . 
  however parts of saxony and i believe brandenburg use to be part of bohemian kingdom . 
  i dont have any source for my claim , but i honestly dont believe that 21 % czechs believe in some `` evil eye '' i do n't even know what that is . 
  it 's against president milo\u0161 zeman and finance minister ( vicepremier and bilionare ) andrej babi\u0161 . 
  there has been leaks , where andrej babi\u0161 ( whos owning one of the biggest medias in czech republic ) dictate what those media should write about him and others . 
  there were a lot of other stuff too , but this is the main reason i think . 
  it 's a long and complicated story . 
  we fought for france in [ battle of cr\u00e9cy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cr%c3%a9cy ), 
  so what ? 
  australia was always part of eu . 
  we were even part of australia before 1918 . 
  germany and poland , giff back our rightful clay !, 
  seems logical to me , a lot of rich people probably live there . 
  finaly we can together with slovenia into western europe . 
  is there any good info about how many of those jobs is for people with no/low/incompatible education ? 
  could possibly african/me immigrants and refugees fit all those jobs once they learn at least the language ? 
  why should i care what macron parents thinks about his wife ? 
  yes i believe at least 60 % ( does not have to be exactly 60 % , but there should be clear winner of the referendum ) of people should agree in important decisions . 
  results like 51 % can turn around in a short period of time to the oposite direction , every small thing can change the result in any direction . 
  leaving or joining eu is such a long and drastic change , where realy should be clear on which side the population is . 
  people should be definitely more connected to the eu and europe in general . 
  i feel like nobody here care about rest of the europe , discussion only start when eu make decission , and we question what that will mean for czech republic specificaly . 
  your problem needs to be our problem and vice versa , people needs to be connected with other parts of the europe . 
  this will be really unpopular and impossible to even think about right now , but the language is still a main problem why we are so disconnected from each other . 
  if we all speak in one language , many of those problems will simply dissapear over time . 
  our native languages are the main the reason for nationalism if you think about it . 
  i know everyone is proud about his native language ( me too ) , but let 's face it , that 's the main reason why people feels disconnected from each other in europe . 
  the referendum was actualy so retarded . 
  by the time you will be finally out , the public opinion will be probably in favour of the eu . 
  i believe that for such a drastic and important decision to be accepted , should have vote at least like 60-65 % people . 
  what will happen if there is a new referendum about eu in 2019 and `` join '' will win ? 
  and again , i believe for `` join '' should vote at least 60 % of people . 
  exactly , i am not from prague , but i realize that a lot of money from prague goes into another parts of the republic , to make our society more equal . 
  only possible way how eu can really properly work , is if we treat other nations like our own . 
  i expect we will be `` forced '' to join eurozone . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-eurostat-news/-/ddn-20170509-1?inheritredirect=true&amp;redirect=%2feurostat%2fweb%2fmain%2fhome, 
  even the flags are completely different . 
  i support macron , i do n't like le pen , but what this is about ? 
  so she dance , she is human too . 
  i can imagine the whole election was really stressful and she is happy that its over . 
  14 may 2017, 
  eu national anthem when he walking toward people !, 
  thank you france !, 
  vive la france !, 
  we did exactly the same with my brother and mom when i was a kid . 
  feels like home :(, 
  if there is no globalization at all , everything only on national level . 
  norway is now pretty much poor rural place . 
  your country benefit from globalization maybe the most . 
  i never really cared if i am left or right wing . 
  important is to have your opinion based on truth , and when you are realy proven wrong - admit that , do not find excuses all the time and change your opinion . 
  so globalism or nationalism ? 
  if something , i would say i am somewhere in between ... `` europeanist '' maybe ? 
  in my opinion , we have many problems in europe and we should focus on that first . 
  - i dont blame people from africa because they wan na have better life . 
  - but people in germany wan na have better life like in switzerland . 
  - france wan na have better life like in germany . 
  - italy wan na have better life like in france - czech republic wan na have better life like in italy . 
  - poland wan na have better life like in czech republic . 
  - romania wan na have better life like in poland . 
  - bulgaria wan na have better life like in romania . 
  - ukraine wan na have better life at least like in bulgaria ... and so on . 
  there are huge gaps between nations , even in `` western europe '' , and we should focus on that first , otherwise this will create bad blood between nations and people will not be happy with any immigration . 
  once we have all at least similiar living standards as our neighbours , we can start importing someone else . 
  equality between nations is quintessential if you wan na have functional europe . 
  yes , in limited numbers you can do both ( focus on europe and importing people from somewhere else ) at the same time . 
  but as you can see all over europe , that will not work if eu wan na survive . 
  so , if everything is suddenly central europe . 
  does that mean we are western europe now ? 
  this is here every week . 
  i am not even living in prague , and for me prague is still expesive . 
  but i know how crowded it is all year . 
  we are not rich country , but still people visiting prague because it 's cheap and they wan na save money . 
  i dont blame them , but number of tourists is every year bigger and bigger - everyone want to travel . 
  problem is that you can not simply make the bridges , roads and sidewalks bigger . 
  it is problem like it or not . 
  but blame for it only airbnb and ryanair is unfair . 
  i just hope we will ban him too . 
  i saw some of his movies , one does not simply kill steven seagal . 
  stockholm is more east than prague . 
  welcome in club then . 
  dutch are so tall , but living in such a flat buildings , weird . 
  why eu pushing for this multiculti europe so hard . 
  its one of the main reasons why eu is in crisis and far-right on rise , and i believe main reason why uk left . 
  i think most people have nothing against some natural flow of people . 
  nobody is doing more for africa and middle east than europe . 
  this diversity he is talking about have to be natural process , nothing you can push . 
  if you start importing people from different cultures in thousands , they will be segregated and nobody will be happy including them . 
  people lived in closed cultural groups for thousands years without contact with another distant groups . 
  it is that hard to understand , that you can not simply break this a make globalized world in a short period of time ? 
  we are more and more globalized every single year , differences between cultures and nations are smaller every year . 
  but i would disagree with timmersmans , i think if you push for it too hard it will lead to more xenophobic population and war too . 
  it is .
