  i know what you are saying . 
  but there is a big difference between the two situations . 
  when people emigrate they like to keep their culture somewhat ( think about if you migrated to a foreign country ) . 
  especially when they hang around with people from their place of birth . 
  a lot of muslims consider islam a integral part of their culture , thus i do n't see it dying out too soon . 
  then again i 'm a negative person . 
  seriously worrying stuff . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  yes i 'm the same , but many of them are n't . 
  i think that at 10 % this would be significantly difficult . 
  ( seen as it 's already very difficult in some parts ) . 
  i 'd like to know why you 're downvoting me if you do , 
  do they do this though ? 
  personally i just hope their kids will grow up more skeptical of islam , but that can only happen if they are not all going to the same schools as each other . 
  which currently happens quite a lot . 
  i like most nearly everything in ireland besides the weather :( probably austria , germany or the the netherlands . 
   or are you genuinely unaware of the geopolitical function of nuclear weapons ? 
  probably this . 
  it 's hard to imagine having to use nuclear weapons . 
  it would just be so stupid for anyone to set one off . 
  even though there are plenty of stupid enough people , the fact that it has n't happened so far ( besides hiroshima and nagasaki ) gives people hope that it will never happen . 
  have to say i disagree with the idea of a european army . 
  small localized militaries always seemed better to me . 
  i also know for a fact that most irish people ( not redditors ) would be majorly against this . 
   that russians are different from normal people in that they do n't want these things that other people do . 
  i do n't disagree with you , it 's just the general population supports putin so it 's clear that the russian people do n't want the things we want for russia . 
  yeah i see what you mean and i agree with you . 
  it 's just on a fundamental level i 'm having a hard time understanding why we can be in a position where there are people who are unemployed and at the same time people are worried about there not being enough workers , state or not state . 
  i think i often view things to simply , but i always considered it a good thing . 
  the issue we disagree on is this . 
  you say more expensive = bad , i say more expensive = good . 
  why is more expensive good ? 
  because more expensive means more work , more work can be done because we have unemployed people at the moment . 
  so for every old person that retires we create 2 jobs , one to fill that position and one to care for that person ( this is clearly not exact just making up numbers ) . 
  this seems bad as it 's ` more expensive ' which in our minds is always bad . 
  but it 's actually good as we have 2 guys twiddling their thumbs waiting to do this work . 
   clearly the best situation is to have both young and old people working and contributing correct but it should also be clear that within the structure we have at the moment this is not the situation . 
  we have some young people ( and older people ) who are not working or contributing . 
  so saying that more work will need to be done in the future as there will be more old people should not be a problem . 
  ( within our current structure which is clearly far from ideal ) . 
  i 'm not saying there is a fixed amount of jobs , in fact i 'm saying that if there are more old people there will need to be more jobs to care for them . 
  more jobs = good at the moment because there are people without jobs . 
   in your two scenarios , the total support levels are the same in both cases . 
  and old people cost a lot more to support . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't understand your answer . 
  if old people cost more to support then more work needs to be done right ? 
  so in order for more work to be done people need to work harder or more people need to work . 
  what i 'm saying is that at the moment we have a surplus of potential work and thus we have unemployed people . 
  so having more work that needs to be done is surely a good thing as we have people waiting to fill in this gap . 
  until we have 100 % employment more work is good ? 
  haha , i also often think our high birth rate is somewhat attributed to the fact that we are quite unpopulated and are still not at the level of population we had before the famine . 
  just guess work though , have n't really got a clue . 
  i have a question if anyone is able to answer . 
  i often hear people saying an older population is a bad thing as the youth will have to support a lot of older people who are on a pension or need medical help etc. 
  this makes sense except for one thing . 
  younger people have a hard time finding jobs at the moment . 
  thus more older people should open up more jobs and ultimately seems like a good thing to me ? 
  if a group of people started killing people over rape jokes , and this group associated itself with a large organisation that has many followers including kids in schools . 
  would you not think it 's important to teach kids that killing people over silly things like this is not only not right , but is in now way effective at stopping people doing those silly things ? 
  examples in text books , and newspapers helps teach this message . 
  this way maybe the next generation will grow up fully secure in the knowledge that killing people will not get them what they want . 
  it also feels good to be defiant against murderers . 
  is there something wrong with this good feeling ? 
  should i not get this good feeling just because some people believe in ridiculous things that mean they will get offended by me drawing harmless pictures ? 
  nothing meant to comment to madace . 
  i do n't know , i think if russia was in the same position ( militarily speaking ) as the u.s. things would be a lot worse . 
  i think neither are ` up their own asses ' . 
  different countries , different situations can lead to differing opinions on these matters . 
  personally i think it would be nuts to allow everyone to buy guns here in ireland . 
  and i definitely think it would lead to more deaths . 
  but the us is different . 
  i saw a documentary on chicago criminals and these guys just `` go out shooting '' like it 's nothing . 
  these guys would have barely any qualms about killing you and going to prison . 
  if i was living there with my family i certainly might have a different opinion on the whole gun thing . 
  oh ok . a lot of people i know who have gone to london were surprised by the amount of immigrants and different ethnicities . 
  they were not racist just surprised . 
  [ here 's a video of a japanese girl in paris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfkdzxuwhkk ) . 
  she clearly had a different idea of paris in her mind and is surprised by the amount of africans . 
  this is n't racist . 
  and this is likely why that search is high in china also . 
  but yes chinese are certainly known for being quite racist . 
  same with the japanese . 
  i 'm just saying that this particular instance is probably not down to racism . 
  just surprisement . 
  i have heard that alright . 
  `` so many black people '' is n't indicative of racism . 
  people from china most likely believed france to be largely white but with recent growth in tourism have discovered this not to be the case . 
  i do n't know why you would consider this racist . 
  now of course there is probably a big racism problem in china . 
  although i 'd refrain from saying `` the chinese are extremely racist '' as it 's a generalization of over 1 billion people . 
  and i 've met very few chinese people , none of ~ ~ which ~ ~ who were racist . 
  so you 're saying you would like to view people 's emotions ? 
  and you think this slight want of yours is justification to ban everyone from wearing certain articles of clothing ? 
  i 'd love if people did n't wear black at night so i could see them . 
  this is far more of an issue that not seeing strangers facial expressions in the streets and yet i would n't even consider passing laws based on this . 
   it also lends itself to abuse from possessive husbands forcing it on their wives or because of peer pressure . 
  completely different issue . 
  of course anyone forcing someone to wear it is wrong and should be , and is currently , illegal . 
  strange times we live in where getting killed or jailed over a cartoon is fairly normal . 
  haha that 's just stupid .
