  you are simply not forcing your preferred attire on everyone . 
  that is not condoning . 
  i think the government should publicly denounce islam and there should be a huge effort to discredit it and educate about the dangers of it . 
   some pressures certainly have , yes . 
  it allows them to wear other things without being forced by their religious zealots . 
  the problem still remains though ? 
  do you disagree ? 
  these zealots are still pressuring people , just because you 've forcefully removed one pressure does not mean you are tackling the issue . 
  some pressures you can not forcefully remove . 
   then something should be done about that too . 
  yes exactly . 
  i 'm saying that if something is done about this , which you agree it does , then we do not need to ban certain articles of clothing as we are tackling the source of the problem , not the symptom . 
   i 've solved one of the various ways women are oppressed . 
  it 's something . 
  as opposed to your leftist gut-mensch approach . 
  my approach is to teach the truth about islam in schools , for example that muhammad was a pedophile . 
  i would not call this a leftist approach , and i think it will do 1000 times more than your ban . 
   i am not . 
  you want to make it appear as such in an attempt to defend the religion of oppression . 
  you are , that 's factual . 
  this is where you and me differ then . 
  the root of the problem is that you ca n't see that you are oppressing people . 
  that 's a cold hard fact . 
   i do not respect others ' decisions that involve forcing women to be lowers . 
  me either which is why i think we should focus on the ` forcing ' and try and allow choice . 
  instead you just want to force in the other direction . 
   i do not respect the religion of ` peace ' which has time and again shown itself to be about the opposite . 
  not only do i not respect it , i hate it . 
   i do not respect religion for the sake of respecting religion , for i hold myself to higher standards . 
  me either , i hate all religions . 
  but i would never try and impose on people believing whatever the fuck they like . 
  i will just voice my opinions , and hope that schools educate people on facts , not fiction . 
  no but they should . 
  i 'm against that as well , of course . 
  i do n't think the government should be having a say in what i wear . 
  i do n't want to be treated like a kid by my government . 
  especially just because some muslim scumbags want to cause terror . 
  fuck that shit . 
  i 'm originally from ireland and i would hate to see these rules passed in my country . 
  i 'm trying to appeal to everyone , not just immigrants . 
  no one should want this law passed , muslim or not . 
  this one dictates what i can and ca n't wear , something which i believe should be up to me , not some government body . 
  why ? 
  because what i choose to wear does not affect others directly . 
  it 's not up to me to ensure others are not offended walking down the street . 
  otherwise we 'd have to ban all sorts of thing like football jerseys , crosses , hoodies etc. 
  we should encourage behavior rather than force it down peoples throats . 
  so lets stop oppression by oppressing people ? 
  if someone is being forced to wear something , the solution is n't to force them not to wear that something . 
  the solution is to ensure they have the choice , and to educate them on what you think the right choice is . 
  do you think whatever pressures were on these women have simply disappeared because it 's now illegal for them to wear a a veil ? 
  if they have husbands who were pressuring them , they still will have husbands who are pressuring them . 
  you 've only made it look like your country is more forward and atheist , you have n't solved a single thing . 
  do you not think there are some women who choose to wear this veil ? 
  do you realize that you are oppressing these women ? 
  just because you do n't like or understand the choice does n't mean you can step in . 
  please try and respect other people 's decisions that do not directly affect you . 
  what if i 'm being oppressed from wearing the clothes i want to wear?should i not get a say in that ? 
  thank you , so many people here willing to throw away their right to wear whatever they like . 
  a bank or a store is a private place , they can enforce whatever dress code they like . 
  this is strictly talking about public places . 
  so we should be following saudi arabia on rule making ? 
  yeah it 's the exact same . 
  they force people to dress as they see is fit , i do n't think we should follow their example . 
  do you ? 
  now if only i could change the headlight bulbs without spending at least an hour cursing . 
  i know right ? 
  this is something i always disagree on with / r/europe . 
  just know that some people are supportive of you . 
  people should be able to wear whatever they like in public so long as it is n't harming anyone else . 
  wearing a veil covering your face is not harming anyone . 
  poor austrians can no longer decide for themselves what to wear when in public . 
  what does it feel to be treated like children by your government ? 
  pathetic . 
  i regard my right to wear whatever the fuck i like over the slight security risk of people having their faces hidden in public . 
  keeping ireland nice and cozy :p, 
  yeah black people do commit roughly 50 % of homicides whilst black people make up a smaller proportion of the population than white people . 
  [ i googled it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_and_crime_in_the_united_states#homicide ) but this does n't make the graph misleading in any way . 
  what 's your point ? 
  is it not just because there are more poor black people than poor white people ? 
  when you remove the inner city gang killings from any country and the rate likely drops significantly . 
  would be interesting to see that graph though . 
  i do n't mind the tolls so long as they pay for the upkeep of the road and/or new roads . 
  if it 's just going to some private company then it 's a joke . 
  it 's never been clarified to me who actually gets the money ? 
  did n't the governement buy back the m50 one ? 
  the point being made could be saving a country from being taken over , could stop war and ultimately save lives . 
   pretty cynical to effectively damage a country 's economy , which inhabits 120 million people just to make a point . 
  i wonder if putin agrees ? 
  he could end the sanctions . 
  i think it 's a bit of both to be honest , and it would be useful to see how much is down to bias . 
  i wonder how it compares to other minority groups who only make up less than 10 % of the population ? 
  that would give some insight as to whether there 's a bias towards muslims or is this just a problem with people 's guessing . 
  yeah quite likely , guess that 's what putin hopes as well . 
  well then the sanctions wo n't work , unless it affects putin 's wealth that is . 
  still there are reasons to do it , even if it does n't work . 
  warning to other countries , if you just stopped sanctions because it did n't work in one case why would anyone ever give in to your sanctions ? 
  when they know all they have to do is holdout and you wo n't bother . 
  exactly . 
  so if the average russian gets sick of living in poverty and starts to wish that putin would work out some way to get rid of the sanctions , some momentum might get going .
