  terrible for land wastage though . 
  we sure do like our housing estates . 
  ok that clarifies it a bit . 
  still the irish government are pathetic when it comes to standing up against the us governemnt . 
  shannon airport , gary davis extradition . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/courts/high-court/court-orders-extradition-to-us-of-alleged-irish-silk-road-suspect-1.2754099 apparently i have to make sure i do n't break any us laws as well as irish laws now . 
  ( note : i do not blame the us for this , purely irish government being pussies ) . 
  it 's saddening how much many governments are willing to bend over backwards for the us . 
  a lot of irish go there for work i believe . 
  that 's the funny thing , i ca n't imagine this doing much besides strengthening her position . 
  oxymoron . 
  would i be happy ? 
  would i expect people to be prosecuted over it ? 
  facts are facts . 
  nothing i can do about them . 
   the us medical industry producing `` health '' scares that mean they get to circumsize for profit . 
  any proof of this at all ? 
  no doubt disgusting if true . 
  i always found it weird in the us when you see ads for prescription drugs . 
   in a society where males are circumsized for profit no one is circumcising their child in order to increase medical profits . 
  i 'm against it , but that 's a ridiculous statement to make . 
   i guess you have n't tried being a parent in the us ? 
  have n't tried being a parent anywhere :p good points though . 
  so every comparison must include all variables ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with comparing stats like this , you obviously should n't be determining which country is ` better ' based on these thing alone . 
  yes but it 's still a positive point is all . 
   you 'll also work a lot more in the us only 22.4 % less free time so not exactly aligning with the pay difference . 
   better to be poor in germany , better to be rich in the us ( somewhat simplified ) . 
  better to be poor in germany than poor in the us no doubt . 
  but stuff is cheap in the us , along with being paid more , but yes inequality is higher so probably it 's just the rich in the us who are much richer than the rich in germany . 
  but that 's only a guess . 
   yes , but for most people it 's not actually `` 5.4 times more likely to be murdered '' , as there are vast regional differences . 
  oh yeah , for sure . 
  i was shocked when i watched a documentary on crime in chicago . 
  well making more money as well but yeah it 's completely one sided . 
  the ' 9.2 times more likely to go to prison ' and ' 5.4 times more likely to be murdered ' are kind of shocking . 
  and apparently germans are healthier and live longer despite paying nearly half what americans pay for healthcare . 
  do n't forget your dishwasher . 
  cheeky cunt has been going tax free for years :p, 
   it 's not iran 's fault that many europeans do n't give a fuck about their own culture . 
  yes i presume most people are critical of the swedes and not iran . 
   growth of gdp per head per head , so it will take into account the population change differences . 
  well i got fairly downvoted in this thread . 
  pisses me off that these same people will cry `` freedom of speech '' or whatever when people try and make laws obstructing what * they like to do * . 
  and yet as soon as it 's something that they do n't agree with they ignore all their previous convictions . 
  i hate islam as much as the next guy , i still want my freedoms , i still want to be able to walk out of my house without checking to make sure my government approves of my clothes . 
  this rule does n't single out any race ? 
  has nothing to do with race at all you moron . 
  i 'd love it . 
  hate islamic culture and believe it has no place here in ireland . 
  yes i do  and i am self centric , although i would n't say egotistical . 
  no there would n't ? 
  i 'm 100 % sure you 'd be stopped going into a bank here if your face was covered . 
  and there 'd be no outcry . 
  there definitely should n't be anyway . 
  exactly , thanks . 
  i do n't give a fuck why , i care about my freedoms above some muslim retards . 
  this law affects my freedom to wear what i like ( if i were austrian ) . 
   to treat your wife like shit ? 
  that 's already against the law ( if there are threats and/or violence ) . 
  to wear whatever clothing you like . 
   if the government forces freedom upon muslim women in public , then it will change in their homes too . 
  lol  . 
  very few women truly choose to wear this outfit , but this is absolutely irrelevant collateral damage . 
  this might be true . 
   every self-respecting welfare state has to interfere with this bullshit , since this is against every principle these countries have . 
  the principle that women should n't be coerced into wearing clothing they do n't like right ? 
  freedom . 
  unlike our saudi arabian brothers . 
  you want to remove that freedom by telling these women they must n't wear veils . 
   you are currently saying that you have the freedom to take away the freedom of another human being . 
  no i am not . 
  if anyone is being forced to wear these that 's already against the law and i agree it should be dealt with . 
   are you a slaver by chance ? 
  i 'm from ireland . 
  not sure what you mean ? 
  i do n't own slaves lol . 
  i do not think this ? 
   some outdated religious rule should never be as important as personal freedom or equal rights or human rights . 
  yes , so we should have the personal freedom to choose what to wear , and not be prohibited from wearing certain articles of clothing because some people consider it a ` slap in the face ' just to see a woman with a veil . 
  that 's your issue , not mine . 
  yes this situation is horrible on those women . 
  are you doing anything to change that situation though ? 
  do you think these men will suddenly not think they own these women because you passed this law ? 
  or do you realize you are just treating a symptom , and hurting everyone elses freedom because of it ? 
  some women do choose to wear it though , and just because you disagree with this choice does not give you the right to interfere . 
  educated and voice your opinions and ensure everyone has the choice , after that they should still be able to make the choice you disagree with . 
  that 's what freedom is . 
  i value my right to choose my own attire over whatever this ` bigger ' nonsense that 's going on , which is not currently affecting my life . 
  just look at the us and the patriot act to see how you can vote away your rights in the name of security and something `` bigger '' . 
  lol , ok well i 'm a libertarian and you seem to be quite socialist so no point in us talking really :p just fyi i 'd almost be violently against any government trying to ban burgers . 
  such a pussified world we live in haha . 
   well , that 's your opinion , but most people agree that they should n't . 
  i know , i 'm trying to change most people 's mind . 
   i would n't want my kids to see people walking around with their dicks out , i would n't want my kids to walk around and see fat people sucking down burgers , i would n't want my kids to walk around seeing religious symbols , but i have to accept these things . 
  what offends people is subjective . 
   that 's the plan . 
  you do not see the logical fallacy in that ? 
   and until we can differ between those who made the choice freely and the majority who did not , there 's no point in condoning the religion of oppression . 
  no one is condoning anything .
