  but is n't that similar to this law ? 
  is n't the whole point that the government should piss off out of people 's lives as much as they can without letting people harm others ? 
  where is the limit to this `` legislation '' on cultural choices ? 
  hey man do n't mean to be aggressive i just come across like that often sorry . 
  i get worked up about stupid intruding laws like this as i 've had a lot of trouble with equally stupid ( although completely different thing ) laws here in ireland . 
  it 's laughable to me that the government is now deciding what it 's citizens can and ca n't wear . 
  poor swiss citizens are too stupid to decide for themselves apparently . 
  ( not really but what the fuck who needs the government to decide what they wear ) . 
  exactly do you not think this is a problem ? 
  why the fuck should the government be telling me what i can and ca n't wear in public ? 
  are we that childish that we ca n't decide for ourselves ? 
  do we really need the government to approve of what we choose to wear ? 
  if it 's about security issues then surely it 's up to the owners of businesses or property to dictate what people can and ca n't wear on their property . 
  sure it was an online poll , this should n't be taken seriously at all . 
  and definitely should n't be the front page of the sun . 
   `` well , isis say they 're motivated by god . '' yes , and people who have sex with their pets say they 're motivated by love , but most of us do n't really believe them . 
  i disagree here . 
  when someone kills themselves in order to kill people they 've never even met , i simply can not see what could motivate them besides an afterlife . 
  maybe this is just a tool isis leaders use to make people do these things , but i 'm not sure . 
  i mean what else motivates these monsters ? 
  without religion , what do they think they would be achieving by carrying out these attacks ? 
   charitably , the safety of their populations just are n't of great concern to them . 
  realistically , domestic terrorist attacks play into their agenda : they allow them to grab ever more authoritarian powers with which to police their increasingly unequal and volatile societies . 
  i disagree completely . 
  whilst i agree that these things allow more ` authoritarian powers ' , i do n't think that any government actually cares more about empowering the police than the safety of their citizens . 
  in fact i think it 's madness to even suggest this . 
   you ca n't bomb ideas . 
  i keep hearing this , whilst it 's true the implication is not . 
  were people saying this when they were fighting nazi germany ? 
  all i 'm saying is that there is a point in which bombing is the answer , i 'm not sure if we 're there yet but this point exists . 
  for example if they had nuclear weapons ? 
  or if they were actually invading your country ? 
  so is asking a question a thing . 
  and a bike is a thing , and a even a couch is a thing !, 
   just raw racism , antisemitism , sexism , xenophobia and various other nonsense . 
  sounds like all my favourite jokes haha :p, 
  it seriously sounds like me and my mates would love you guys , i love no limits haha . 
   our best chance is to also combat isis 's access to fanatics , and for that we need to do more than bomb them into submission . 
  do what though ? 
  how can we stop fanatics ? 
  i believe education , peace and time will help stop these kinds of people but what hope is there of that ? 
  how can we accomplish that ? 
  i do n't have an answer does anyone ? 
  yep but what other choice do we have ? 
  like seriously what else can we do but try and reduce these terrorists ? 
  do you have a proposed solution that would both stop isis killings and not lead to further terrorism down the line ? 
   and treating them with disdain and contempt instead of anger and fear would do far more to dull their edge . 
  well that 's where we differ i suppose . 
  disdain and contempt may mean that isis do n't get what they want . 
  but do you believe that this will stop them trying ? 
   can an action really be called `` fighting '' if you 're playing into your enemy 's ideal scenario ? 
  so the two options are fight the people , who want to kill you and have no fear of death , or not fight the people , who want to kill you and have no fear of death . 
  yeah people keep saying that isis want this , they want us to go to war with them . 
  but when one side wants war , usually the other side is forced to fight them . 
  i mean are we supposed to downplay our fear , emotions and reactions just because isis are crazy enough to want to go to war ? 
  i mean i do n't know what the best course of action is , i just do n't think that isis wanting to fight with us is enough of a reason for us to not fight them . 
  there are clearly plenty of other reasons though . 
  very informative thanks . 
   and for everything else we , as most other countrys , have the scientific method and peer review wich is actually pretty detailed and ruthless when it 's about getting enough evidence to be able to present something as evidence . 
  i suppose it comes down to how much trust you have in the government to stick to these proven facts when making these laws . 
  which makes perfect sense that germany would be ok with this law regarding the holocaust as that 's quite obviously fact , and over 99 % of people know it . 
  oh i believe there 's proof . 
  i 'm just asking where do we draw the line ? 
  how much proof is needed . 
  you can say `` if it 's 100 % fact '' . 
  but what makes something 100 % fact ? 
  having books , videos and witnesses does not mean it 's fact . 
  i suppose that makes sense . 
  it just does n't seem like a bad thing to me that ireland and the u.k. have close ties with each other and come to agreements based on these close ties . 
  but yeah i see your point and it 's valid . 
  it 's like saying `` why treat eu nationals different to the rest of the world ? '', 
  on the other hand if i had to leave my country to live in some foreign place because there was a war , i think i would be quite unhappy for a while . 
  ( just saying ) . 
  ok so what exactly constitutes a fact then ? 
  how is it a fact to me that the holocaust occurred ? 
  i never saw it , i never even talked to somebody that saw it . 
  i have seen very little in the way of proof . 
  i 'm just taking other people 's word for it . 
  i believe it 's a fact , but how could i be 100 % sure ? 
  what is the test for 100 % fact ? 
  i have seen this here in ireland . 
  it amazed me . 
  someone was defending isis comparing them to the ira saying they are fighting for their freedom . 
   denying the holocaust is not an opinion . 
  it 's a lie . 
  ...  climate change is not an opinion . 
  it 's a lie . 
  the problem comes down to who determines what 's a fact and what 's not ? 
  i 'm not saying this law is wrong , i 'd say it certainly has done more good than harm . 
  i 'm just saying why people are skeptical of these types of laws . 
  haha this is hilarious . 
  what we should do and what we do do are sadly rarely the same . 
  he said he is not sure about how he feels about policy being changed so that getting caught with small amounts of heroin will no longer send you to jail . 
  he did n't `` simply show concern about drug use '' . 
  he simply showed concern about drug users not going to jail for small amounts of heroin . 
   you basically condemned him for being concerned . 
  yes i completely disagree with him on what he said . 
   i just said that hard drug users are a legitimate concern for public safety . 
  which i agree with . 
  i thought you were disputing what i said about locking people up for doing things which have no effect on you .
