  what does this mean ? 
  that it was construction businesses that loaned to much and lead to this debt ? 
  or individual people who took out mortgages ? 
  or something else ? 
  it 's amazing how everyone has a different opinion on this , it makes it so hard to come to a conclusion . 
  quality always seems to suffer the bigger the sub . 
  but i have to say i think / r/europe is still a great sub with quality discussion . 
  it 's nothing like / r/worldnews or / r/politics , yet . 
  people do drink a lot here . 
  i do n't think we drink a lot compared to a good few european countries but we definitely do compared to the u.s. . as well as this binge drinking is very popular here . 
  and emigration is still massive . 
  i know so many people who have moved to the u.k. , australia and the u.s. also it 's still quite hard to get a job here and youth unemployment is very high . 
  yeah people say that , i do n't understand the situation despite trying to learn about it for the past few years . 
  what i think is this . 
  ( could be completely wrong ) . 
  during the boom years we borrowed a lot of money as it looked obvious we would be able to pay it back , then the recession hit and the people we borrowed from suddenly wanted us to pay them back and we could n't . 
  now some people say that the people/banks who loaned to us are at least partly to fault , as they kept giving us the money . 
  others say that it 's completely our fault as we took this money without considering what might happen if a recession hit . 
  and other say `` i did n't borrow anything , it was the government , why should i pay anything '' . 
  and then others say ` well fair enough we borrowed the money but there 's just no way of us paying it back without fucking up our economy and people so it should just be wrote off '' . 
  and then others seem to say that the banks just planted this debt on us , which would clearly be unfair but i do n't know if there is any truth to that . 
  anyways my opinion is whatever we are doing seems to be working so stick to it . 
  mostly the same if i 'm being honest . 
  i read the article but still do n't understand what his problem is exactly ? 
  surely it 's obvious they would want to pressure us into austerity ? 
  and am i wrong in saying that it looks like it worked ? 
   the letters urged the then-government to commit to structural reforms and restructuring of the financial sector . 
  which surely was something that badly needed to be done ? 
  i do n't understand the situation but i do understand that we have one of the highest debt to gdp ratios in the world http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_public_debt does that not indicate that reform is needed ? 
  i do n't think the eu should ever have a unified army or military . 
  i think military should be localised as much as possible . 
  i do n't think all races are equal , and thus ( clearly ) should not be treated equally . 
  to me this is obvious but for some reason people take offence to it . 
  black ! = white . 
  my genes ! = yours . 
  these are facts . 
  if you get offended by them that 's not my problem . 
  no yes i agree with that . 
  i 'm saying that these statistics do not prove that . 
  it 's obvious that people would preferably move to a place where they will be liked and accepted . 
  that 's not rocket science is it ? 
  so i 'm not saying that this is what happened , all i 'm saying is that these statistics do not prove either of these things . 
  once again ... 
  correlation ! = causation . 
  there could ( and probably is ) many other factors involved here . 
  by far most racism i 've ever encountered has been online . 
  although my mates will often make comments that would certainly be considered racist , but were said for a few laughs . 
  is this ok ? 
  who am i to say but i 've never spoken up against it and i do n't consider it a problem . 
  or the more your country likes muslims the more muslims move there ? 
  not saying this is true just pointing out how two sides of an argument often use the same statistics to prove their points . 
  correlation ! = causation, 
  or the more your country likes muslims the more muslims move there ? 
  not saying this is true just pointing out how two sides of an argument often use the same statistics to prove their points . 
  correlation ! = causation edit : hey why downvote this ? 
  would genuinely like to know why ? 
   it was paid for through taxation . 
  i understand this . 
  but it was essentially free as in you could run your tap all day and if you have no job you 're not paying a cent for that water . 
   the reason we need to bring in water charges is because every clown in the local authorities never put the money where it was supposed to go and the pipes have n't been maintained properly for 50 years . 
  why does this mean we need to change the method of paying though ? 
  it sounds like we just need to change who the money goes to . 
  no differently to a religious person . 
  most young people do n't follow religion in any way ( although quite a few actually believe in god ) . 
  but no one minds really . 
  it 's actually quite unusual for a young person here to be religious and go to mass , you 'd probably get a slagging but we slag everyone , just a laugh like . 
  not many people would treat you unfairly either way . 
  we are in the process of implementing water charges here in ireland and many people are very unhappy with it . 
  ( it was free before ) the proposed charges are $ 4.88 for 1,000 litres of water but i believe it will be more complex than that with a certain amount free per person or household and rebates given to low income families . 
  is he really that stupid ? 
  like seriously ? 
  or is there some reason he is saying this ? 
  there are many reasons to do these things besides terrorism . 
  i agree with you on all those things except  we need to cut back on vat and other regressive taxation mechanisms . 
  i agree the rich should be taxed more , but is n't vat a great way of doing this ? 
  if you have 20 % vat and someone goes to buy a new car for 20,000 they pay 4,000 to the government . 
  a poorer person will only pay 5 euro on their 100 euro shopping for the week . 
  that always seemed like a fair one to me . 
  implementing these things is not so easy though . 
  money has to be raised , thus taxes have to be raised and no one likes that . 
   someone with a future to look forward to and the freedom to pursue it in relative safety and happiness is much less likely to let that all go than someone who has nothing to lose . 
  i wo n't deny this , but how do you suggest we ` help them ' ? 
  if we let them into our countries , educate them in our schools , allow them the same freedoms as everyone else what else can we do ? 
  do you suggest we especially help muslims as they are likely to become terrorists ? 
   here 's mine , france treats it 's poor and underprivileged citizens like shit . 
  really ? 
  i never would have thought this . 
  i do n't know much about france , but i 've been there quite a bit and it seemed to me they were on par with the rest of europe with these issues . 
  and europe is probably one of the best places in the world for these qualities . 
  i see no reason why we could n't continue to export to britain . 
  in fact i would be highly surprised if we did n't . 
  i 'm far from an expert on these things , but someone explained to me how it actually would be a good thing for us as it would be another reason for american companies to set up shop here because we are english speaking and still in the eu . 
  as in we might get some of the business that would have gone to the u.k. 
  i have n't a clue if there is truth to this but it kind of made sense . 
   sometimes very unreliable buses . 
  coming from ireland this is normal haha :p still though we never rented a car and i did n't find getting around to be a big issue , although we did n't travel much . 
  deaths *, 
  best : greece , nice weather , lovely scenery ( on the islands anyways ) lovely sea side . 
  well that 's good  i do think that there are parts where this type of integration is n't happening at the moment though . 
  although i will say here in ireland it mostly seems fine at the moment , although i 'm no expert .
