  nah there are plenty of schools which server lunches , most do n't sell more than sambo 's though . 
  that 's fucked up i 've never talked to someone who has that kind of view on immigration . 
  are there no reasonable folks to discuss this with ? 
  i 'm not saying the data is incorrect . 
  i 'm just saying before having seen the data i would have thought it nearly opposite of what the data shows . 
  anyone else feel this is close to the opposite as you would expect ? 
  nah it 's because / u/sprash said it in a way that makes it sounds like he 's saying poland does n't deserve any credit for this accomplishment . 
  he clearly did n't actually say this , it just sounds like he might of meant it . 
  maybe you 're right , it 's just i have literally not heard of one person against this . 
  and i do know some religious people . 
  in case anyone 's wondering it looks very likely this referendum will pass . 
  this is only a guess but everyone i 've talked to about it is voting yes . 
  i 'm fairly sure you could go pretty much anywhere in the u.k. and be absolutely fine . 
  i mean assholes exist everywhere but they are in a very small minority . 
  sometimes reading newspapers and such can make you feel like the world is filled with assholes . 
  but look out your window , ask a stranger for directions , talk to your neighbours and you 'll soon see that is is not true . 
   if that was true . . and the policy a success ( as we are told ) ... why are we still stopping/turning people away ... 
  it takes time for word to spread to everyone ? 
  maybe some are getting through ? 
  i do n't know the details but if it 's not one of these two then why else would they come ? 
  it would n't make any sense ? 
  me neither , and i do n't know anyone ( even on reddit ) who views the situation as the more that die the better because there will be less poor people . 
  but if homeless people illegally tried entering your property to sleep on your furniture would you escort them out of the house and make it clear that that is not acceptable and that you can only host so many before it 's having too detrimental effect on your life , or would you invite them to stay ? 
  meaning more will continue to try , many of them dieing whilst trying . 
  i think you would escort them out , even if it was really cold and many might die on the streets . 
  i could be wrong here and maybe you are that nice of a person , 
  oh ye i completely agree with your solution , i thought thay was pretty much australia 's solution . 
  sorry i had n't rwsd into it much . 
  also any solution we choose we are just ` trying ' and i doubt there is any solution where there will be no blood . 
  well in australia 's case there seems to be a lot of human rights issues . 
  i 'm no expert on it but it seems likely that the government would want to cover up these issues . 
  i see no reason that we could n't do this without having camps that violate human rights but maybe i 'm wrong ? 
   as long as australia can not prove that their methods actually deter people from embarking on the journey , they ca n't claim it does . 
  that 's completely true . 
  but forget australia for a second and try and come up with a solution to the problem . 
  it seems to me the best method of stopping people trying to cross is to take away the reason they are crossing in the first place . 
  if we try it and it does n't work then of course we should reconsider . 
  but maybe there are better ways ? 
   where refugees are resettled to cambodia , to start their new life in one of the most corrupt states in the world [ 3 ] . 
  what about our ` moral obligation ' to the people living in cambodia already ? 
  are they somehow less important because they did n't try to illegally enter australia ? 
  yes i believe we have a ` moral obligation ' to help people in need . 
  but there is always a line that we draw saying how much we will sacrifice to help . 
  for instance if a homeless man wants somewhere to sleep it would be nice to set him up in some sort of shelter . 
  it would be nice to give him your bed . 
  maybe he is just homeless through unfortunate circumstances , maybe he deserves that warm bed as much as you , but do you do this ? 
  most of us do not because this amount of help passes our line . 
  pretending there is no line is stupid and hypocritical . 
  so in this case , in my opinion , we just have to decide what we are willing to do to help these people . 
  are we willing to send out safe boats to pick up as many as we can and bring them here regardless of the problems it will cause to our country ? 
  probably not . 
  are we willing to let a certain amount in per year that does n't cause major problems to our country ? 
  yes i think most would agree with this . 
  but surely if people do n't make it to australia they will stop coming ? 
  i mean maybe there is no proof but should n't this be obvious ? 
   sends the refugees to a prison island . 
   we are wasting something like $ 2 billion per year sending our armed forces to take innocent people prisoner and put them in australia 's equivalent of guantanamo bay . 
   there have been deaths in custody . 
  and now the extremist thugs in our government are now proposing a series of laws that would allow guards to beat these refugees to death with impugnity . 
  well surely you are pointing out what australia did wrong , surely this can be implemented without all those stupid things australia did ? 
  why ca n't we just let them come ashore , send them back without ` beating them to death ' , sending them to camps that are the ` equivalent of guantanamo bay ' and violating their rights ? 
  you seem to be saying ` australia fucked up at doing this so no one should do it ' . 
  australia did fuck up at doing it but that does n't mean we have to ? 
  serious question here , why is this disgusting ? 
  surely if people arrive illegally sending them back is not a bad thing to do ? 
  and surely if it leads to less deaths then it is actually the right thing to do ? 
  i 'm really confused as to why this post has gotten downvoted . 
   we could just try ? 
  apparently trying to help these countries just leads to more terrorists in these countries . 
  or at least that 's what people say when the u.s. tries this . 
   if help is needed the countries that can provide it must what are you saying , we should help these people even if it means many more will die ? 
  different people are offended by different things . 
  being offensive should never be a crime . 
  some people may very well be offended by the ttip protests . 
   it 's just to make your opinion known to those in power . 
  yes and usually the first step to do this is not protesting but to tell them . 
  when this does n't work people try different things and hopefully it never gets to the point where people are violent . 
   would you consider breaking the windows of a mosque or a synagogue as a valid form of protesting ? 
  most likely not but it depends on what they were protesting against . 
   i 'm all about adressing the problem and protesting freely but this kind of protest is extremly offensive i do n't know the details and it probably is a fucked up thing to do but i hate when people say things like ` this kind of protest is extremely offensive ' . 
  protests are meant to offend and annoy people . 
  that 's actually the point of a protest . 
  if your protest does n't do these things will anyone even hear about it ? 
  ok that 's true it 's just you are not rephrasing your original statement , you are saying something completely different . 
  there was none is a completely different thing to there was fewer than some other countries . 
  i know what you mean though , 
   if developed countries like sweden and france ca n't integrate gypsies why should a not-so-rich country like romania be able to ? 
  i do n't understand your point ? 
  if these countries ca n't integrate gypsies i also would n't expect romania to be able to ? 
  if they were able to then i would expect these countries to try the same methods you guys used . 
   some french council leader or something just dumped mud in front of a gypsy camp as a protest to them do you think people should not be able to protest against their actions ? 
   now , where are the people that said that we are racist monsters just a couple of decades ago ? 
  i do n't know but do you not think you are making the same mistake as these people did by calling the french and swedish racist ? 
   today , some of the biggest critics of romania then , sweden and france , are being extremly racist, 
  but at the moment we have youth unemployment so surely more old people = more work to be done = more jobs = less unemployment ? 
  i 've never understood how more old people is such a problem . 
  at the moment we seem to have a surplus of people to do work . 
  until we have wasted this surplus surely more work is good no ? 
   tbf austerity in ireland was done in a very reasonable manner yes i think this is ** mostly ** true . 
   there were no recessionary tax hikes there were many ` recessionary tax hikes ' , and pay cuts .
