  we should n't build anything new in european cities that is n't already familiar to the city ? 
  seems a bit odd really . 
  although circumcision is horrible if you ask me . 
  dublin is expensive compared to the rest of the country so that might be affecting it . 
  the celtic tiger is roaring again lads !, 
  let 's just hope he does n't loan to much again and start building shit no one needs . 
  shhhh , do n't tell them lads , now they know they have leverage !, 
  with propaganda , emotionally fired people , people with agendas and the media being profit focused i 'm having serious trouble getting a grasp on how big of a deal of these ` sex attacks ' are . 
  have they increased significantly ? 
  is there actually significant enough danger that people are taking these warnings seriously ( not leaving alone ) ? 
  is it widespread or just isolated places/cases ? 
  more like , come for the wages , leave after a month straight of no sun !, 
  [ purchasing power parity adjusted data here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/thumb/c/cc/minimum_wages%2c_january_2016_%28%c2%b9%29_%28pps_per_month%29_yb16-ii.png/700px-minimum_wages%2c_january_2016_%28%c2%b9%29_%28pps_per_month%29_yb16-ii.png ) [ source with more info ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/minimum_wage_statistics ), 
  the best kind of correct :p, 
  well yeah you 're right that it does n't seem like it will work in reality . 
  i 'm just saying that if the russian people actually did support this kind of move towards easing relationships with the west , and did vote someone in who wanted to improve relationships things would probably be better . 
  but this does n't seem likely at all at the moment . 
  so i can understand putin is far from the worst candidate . 
   some western , , puppet , , liberal who would try to be good guy and friend of west at any cost - probably selling to foreign corporations many strategic companies and so on - someone who would be very disliked in russia , but very popular in the west the thing is i think this is a better option than putin ( if he/she was elected by the russian people that is ) . 
  i feel it would lead to closer ties between russia , the eu and the u.s. 
  surely this would be a good thing for all . 
  ask them for directions . 
  people love being asked for directions here . 
  makes them feel useful and important like `` yeah i know this place '' . 
   also most definitions of phobia do n't even imply an irrationality this is why i 've always been fine with people calling my islamophobic . 
  it 's not irrational at all to fear an outdated , immoral and hateful ideology . 
  20 minutes outside dublin . 
  3mbs download , 0.3 mbs upload ( copper home connection ) . 
  no 3g , certainly no 4g . 
  i had n't realized mobile connections could get that fast , guess i 'll probably get 4.5 g before fiber . 
  edit : cities are fairly good now , most places have fiber and 4g . 
  high competition so prices are n't too high . 
  it 's just if you 're outside a city you 've probably no fiber and possibly no 3g . 
   anyway , the referendum results will probably be nil - i doubt they 'll manage to get 50 % +1 for which side ? 
   the uk is under more surveillance than any other country in the world . 
  yeah i heard this before . 
  never really know what to make of it . 
  it 's shit to be on camera all the time , but it 's also shit not to be able to protect your business with cctv . 
   how is the catholic church doing in ireland ? 
  badly i would say . 
  almost every young person is against the church , priests are low in numbers , mass is pretty much empty besides old people and christmas ( in dublin at least ) . 
  and the church has lost a lot of it 's power it used to have ( gay marriage , abortion will be next etc ) . 
   any new sex scandals lately ? 
  not that i know of . 
  tax breaks and free money . 
  a decade ago i was looking forward to a more and more secular europe . 
  nowadays i can only hope that the rising islam wo n't be too extreme . 
  so depressing . 
  this is true . 
  i 'm guessing there was n't a lot of cctv footage though ? 
  train stations and a lot of public places here have cameras all over the place . 
  although it 's understandable that even with footage it could be hard to find the perpetrators . 
   this is the logic the far-right have been using since the crisis began . 
  no i think the `` far-right '' have being saying that the majority of these migrants were n't escaping war in the first place , or had already reached a country willing to take them in but wanted to go somewhere richer . 
  and they were right !, 
  it 's only the idiots who believe in that . 
   but it still turns them from refugees to economic migrants . 
  so , if wanting to go to a richer country turns you from a refugee to an economic migrant , and almost everyone escaping war would prefer to escape to a richer country , then almost no one is a refugee . 
  now if a refugee escapes to a peaceful country which allows them to stay , and then tries to go to another country , they are a economic migrant . 
  and that seems to mostly be the case with the current migrants in europe . 
   clearly the `` refugees '' are desperate to go to a safe place - any safe place !, 
  - and are totally not economic migrants . 
  i mean : i 'm not denying that most are economic migrants . 
  but i do n't know why people would be surprised if real refugees decided to go to a richer country rather than a poorer one . 
  of course they will . 
  even if they are escaping death , they may as well try escape to somewhere richer . 
   sources of indoor air pollution include smoking , faulty boilers , gas cookers and heaters , as well as irritant chemicals from new furniture , air fresheners and household cleaning products . 
  house-dust mites , mould and dander from pets can also damage health , according to the report . 
  interesting , i 'd never considered any of these things as harmful before ( besides faulty boilers ) . 
  i wonder if the article is a bit over the top with this estimate . 
   however , indoor air pollution is estimated to have caused or contributed to 99,000 deaths across europe in 2012 , the report states . 
  oh , i had thought that these countries were very welcoming to refugees and economic migrants and had n't yet reached a point of being against it . 
  ( i certainly thought sweden was like this at any rate ) . 
  so has the mentality changed recently or was i just misinformed on the matter ? 
  sweden , denmark and the netherlands all surprised me . 
  fair enough , so do i. 
  i agree with you that even those that come for good reasons will still cause cultural damage and increased crime . 
  i 'm just saying that this is n't a good way to tackle this problem . 
  i know our politicians are doing nothing but i do n't think that chanting at the refugees like this is fair on any decent people/families on those buses . 
  if there are none then of course it 's fine . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i was just thinking if there were any actual families that were escaping from war on that bus it would be horrible and unfair on them . 
  it also means that any sort of integration down the line will be less likely for these people . 
  but yeah i have no sympathy for any grown men who are just using the refugee crisis . 
  shameful of them to be honest . 
  it 's not the refugees fault at all . 
  horrible way to be introduced to a country . 
  i can imagine events like this will only rise if immigration continues though . 
  you get jobs . 
  which brings money in terms of income tax and more employed people spending money . 
   also i do n't know if they include the natural fruit sugar in the labels ( i assume they do ) so that might make you perceive as they add lots of sugar when part of it comes from the fruit itself ( apples , for instance , can have 25g of sugars in it ) this is true ( they do include it on the label ) . 
  but the truth is that this sugar is the same as any other sugar . 
  it 's only healthier because of the vitamins and stuff in the fruit , the sugar is no different . 
  no doubt they 'll be coming out in a few years about how stevia is as bad as sugar . 
  mainland europe loves that stuff . 
  nothing worse than buying a bottle of water and finding out later it 's sparkling :p, 
  from concentrate , but yeah it said nothing but oranges . 
  juices is another thing with massive amounts of sugar . 
  i started getting orange juice instead of coke to be a bit more healthy . 
  i then checked the label and discovered that it actually has more sugar than coke .
