  i 'm from here and have seen it myself . 
  the irish government wanted this deal as well as apple . 
  we cheated and were n't robbed . 
  ireland got jobs , trust me on this . 
  hugely positive for ireland no doubt . 
  i mean i 'd likely have had to go abroad for work if it were n't for our lucrative tax deals . 
  that does n't make it right though . 
  if every country had this attitude then there would be no corporation tax and we 'd no longer have a competitive advantage in this area . 
   if that 15b was going into the irish treasury this would not be happening . 
  possibly true . 
  although if we have debt then we do have an obligation to pay it . 
  it 's not like they are stealing money from us . 
  i think at the end of the day this is mostly the fault of the irish government , but making apple pay that amount of money is ridiculous . 
   they are not ignoring the law , they are following the law . 
  following irish law . 
  but we are part of the eu and thus have agreed to follow eu laws . 
  apparently our tax laws , in this case , broke an eu fair competition law . 
  i still do n't think it 's so much the fault of apple though . 
  about 7 % of our debt i think . 
  i think apple would only be delighted if the money was all spent directly on apple products . 
  it 's not a structured identification legally speaking so i doubt it would be allowable in terms of human rights . 
  and yet many of them still make it to the uk from calais . 
  well all romanian immigrants i 've ever met here have been asking for money on the streets . 
  there are n't a whole lot and i imagine only the worst come here but that has been my experience with romanians here . 
  it is shameful i agree . 
  if the majority were against a war that the government went ahead with anyways , you can be sure i would have a serious problem with that . 
  i 'm never protected from it , but i feel i have more control if it 's only at a national level . 
  i have more of a say on what happens on a national level and my views are closer to the majority view on a national level . 
  me neither . 
  i think for most it 's mutually insurance . 
  i fight for you , you fight for me . 
  my problem is that i feel i have very little say in the eu and might very well disagree with the war in the first place . 
  well we let us warplanes refuel in shannon airport on their way to iraq . 
  would we let iraq do the same on the way to the us ? 
  so i do n't think we 're really neutral . 
  we just like to say we are and get away with it because we 're so irrelevant . 
  in the end i think we 're very much aligned with the `` west '' . 
  ireland would be very much against it i 'd imagine . 
  if nobody cares nobody will post it or upvote it . 
  that 's how reddit works . 
  i was responding to this statement . 
   its mere presence in the west should be seen as an insult to women rights . 
  which i 'm not denying . 
  i 'm saying it 's not reason to ban it . 
  i 'm willing to argue whatever you think it 's all about . 
  but should we be free from insult ? 
  celtic jerseys insult many people in certain places , should they be banned ? 
  bikinis insult certain people , should they be banned ? 
  islam is n't a race . 
  the french are entitled to be anti-islamic . 
  but dictating what their citizens can and ca n't wear is stupid , authoritarian and does n't help integration . 
  in fact it quite possibly makes it worse . 
  it 's a polarizing law that achieves nothing good . 
  thanks . 
  any specific cases of expression being oppressed ? 
  i 'm not denying it , in fact i fully believe it , just wondering . 
  hard to explain but i would say that the majority of young people in mass on christmas go out of tradition , for the occasion , not because they want to celebrate jesus 's birth . 
  `` i defend people 's freedom of expression , so long as i do n't disagree with that expression '' . 
  it 's one thing americans do better than us europeans . 
  i 'm from ireland mate . 
  i 'm not aware of the kkk or american nazi party here . 
  of course symbols matter . 
  of course they affect people . 
  you fight bad expression with good expression . 
  not with violence . 
  not with fines . 
  not with jail time . 
  not with court dates . 
  it 's pathetic to have to check with your government when you leave the house to make sure no one will be offended by your outfit . 
  what if i 'm offended by your football teams jersey . 
  should that be banned ? 
  or by someone wearing a cross ? 
  or by someone wearing nike ? 
  everyone is offended by different things . 
  letting the government sort it out is ridiculous . 
  just grow up and get on with your life . 
  haha i would never consider banning any of these things . 
  lighten up a bit for christ sake . 
  banning religious symbols is so far beyond what the government is intended to do that it 's genuinely laughable . 
  only on individual rights , not when it comes to regulating corporations/businesses etc. 
  ok so i do n't like seeing people with religious symbols on the streets such as crosses . 
  it makes me uncomfortable . 
  how come they 're not banned ? 
  i find two guys kissing uncomfortable . 
  should we ban that ? 
  or some people do n't like seeing english jerseys here in ireland . 
  should we ban them ? 
  some people are made uncomfortable by skinheads . 
  should we ban that ? 
  seriously asking ? 
  how come my uncomfortableness is n't taken into account ? 
   do n't balaclavas usually mean ira ? 
  usually mean halloween or i 'm cold tbh . 
  things should n't be banned for making others uncomfortable . 
  if you want to wank in public i 'd have a problem with it but i do n't think the government should be involved , eg . 
  i do n't think it should be illegal . 
  although it is almost everywhere . 
  either way there is clearly a massive difference between wanking and wearing something covering your face in terms of uncomfortableness . 
  one is sexual , the other is someones attire . 
  you ca n't see my face with my hood up , or at night , or with face paint .
