  here i 'd imagine people would n't want to ask you to remove it but they simply would n't serve the alcohol . 
  oh yeah i agree with both of your points . 
  any private establishment ( or government building ) should be allowed implement these restrictions . 
  ( and some probably should when it comes to having your full face covered . ), 
   i do n't criticize them for that oh ok this is where we disagree then . 
  most nearly everyone i know criticizes them for that sorry for presuming you did . 
  just know that not everyone is like you . 
  some people do n't think the government should be allowed dictate what they wear . 
  haha yeah maybe . 
  you 'd get a few drunks doing it here i 'm sure haha . 
  haha go ahead if you want . 
  just ensure it does n't touch me or it 's a health issue . 
  edit : people panic when i tell them i think this should be allowed . 
  as if suddenly there 's going to be 100s of naked people on our streets . 
  being told that i ca n't wear something is not nice . 
  it 's just another thing that i 'm being told to do . 
  alone it does n't seem so bad , but more and more of these ` small things ' are being passed everyday . 
  obviously i 'm quite alone in this feeling but i really dislike that the government has to have a say in what i wear . 
  i 'm a grown adult . 
  my point is that if the government banned everything people thought of as ` reasonable ' to ban then there would be a load of other things banned , some of which you would disagree with , some of which you would agree with . 
  personally i think religions are harmful to society , if i had the same principles as you i would want religion banned , but i do n't because i realize that just because i do n't like something does n't mean i have the right to tell everyone not to do it . 
   i did n't understand that one . 
  care to develop ? 
  there are many people who think homosexuality is wrong and harmful . 
  if they had the same principles as you they would want this banned . 
  i think we all know that this would be unfair . 
  just giving extreme example to show you how your view of `` ban anything that i dislike '' is wrong . 
  that 's a bad thing . 
  of course if the majority agree with it then it should be law , i 'm simply trying to convince the majority that this is not the right thing to do . 
  ok so it 's a slight security concern . 
  does that automatically mean we should remove freedoms in order to avoid it ? 
  and in my opinion this is security gone way too far . 
   if burqa wearing gangs start robbing banks and doing drug deliveries , the laws will eventually change . 
  this is not currently happening , if it was we could always revisit this law but my stance would be unwavered . 
  freedoms are often abused by people , we should try to avoid this but this does n't always mean we should ban those freedoms . 
  people can use cars to get away from banks much quicker , but we all agree we should ' t ban cars . 
  people can use knives or rope to kill someone but we all agree we should ' t ban rope or knives ... 
   and not begin allowed to go out with a covered face seems very reasonable . 
  `` not being allowed to fuck people of the same sex seems reasonable '' `` not being allowed follow crazy ideologies ( religions ) seems reasonable '', 
   do you think people should be allowed to walk around on the street dressed as nazis for example . 
  yes . 
   there are beliefs and value systems that are simply incompatible with a free society and they must not be tolerated for that society to remain free `` people have to be told what to wear in order to be free ''  the ban on murder is also a limitation on freedom , but it 's still a good idea to have it . 
  of course , it 's all about choosing where the line is . 
  yes . 
  banning certain outfits ? 
  ** way beyond the line in my opinion . 
   but then why in this case my freedom of speech is n't being violated ? 
  in neither case is your freedom of speech being violated . 
  your freedom of expression is i suppose but that 's not my point . 
  i just do n't want to live in such a pussy world where i have to check that my clothing is appropriate , and does n't make anyone feel unsafe , before leaving the house . 
  is that not reasonable ? 
  does the government have to intruded into every part of our lives ? 
  just because some people feel uncomfortable with certain things ? 
  haha no . 
  should you be allowed go no the street naked ? 
  yes in my opinion . 
  i am tolerant , bob is not . 
  i 'm intolerant of intolerance , therefore i 'm intolerant of bob , therefore i 'm intolerant . 
  therefore i 'm intolerant of myself . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  you can of course be tolerant of intolerance . 
  you just ca n't be intolerant of intolerance as you would have to be intolerant of yourself . 
  you can be intolerant of intolerance-of-certain-values . 
   i do n't really want people to go around with their face completely hidden . 
  `` i do n't want women walking around showing their face '' `` i do n't want homosexuals embracing in public '' `` i do n't want to see religious symbols while walking around in public '' you can not want something without banning it . 
  you could encourage people not to do it . 
  educate people on why , and even do things such as you suggested . 
  but banning it is wrong . 
   there are very few places that would tolerate someone walking completely naked or wearing a shirt with some particularly nasty/gory picture , for example just because very few places allow it does not mean it 's not right . 
   it 's about where you draw the line . 
  exactly . 
  i think telling people what they can and ca n't wear in public is ** far ** beyond the line . 
  what sort of pussies are we if we ca n't even decide for ourselves what we wear ? 
  do you really want to live in such a world ? 
  i do not . 
   it 's simple , westerners obey their laws when they are there and they should obey our laws when they are here . 
  they should obey our laws when here of course . 
  even if these laws ban their burqas . 
  i 'm just against any laws that intrude on my life to the point that i have to ensure i 'm wearing appropriate clothing when leaving my house . 
  whatever small security advantage this gives us is not worth it . 
  not even close in my opinion . 
  there 's no law in my country against it . 
  is there one in yours ? 
  that 's terrible . 
  i 'd absolutely hate to have to make sure i 'm wearing `` appropriate '' clothing before leaving my house in case i make someone feel unsafe . 
  i 'm a grown adult you 'd think at the very least i could decide what clothes to wear everyday . 
  ok well first off i disagree . 
  do you not find it amazingly hypocritical that us in the west will criticize saudi for enforcing rules on what their population wears whilst doing the same ourselves ? 
  surely you can see how they could justify their rules for `` safety '' as well . 
  `` women will be safer covered up '' . 
  just looking at this thread shows you just how quickly most redditors will abandon their ` principles ' as soon as it 's something they dislike . 
  most people who claim they support free speech and freedom of expression only really support it until it 's something which they dislike significantly . 
  americans are far more protective of these principles than your average european who thinks that so long as the majority of people do n't like it , it should be banned . 
  ** this literally ca n't make sense . 
  ** edit : haha downvote away it ca n't make sense . 
  it 's a logical fallacy . 
  i 'm all for getting rid of them , but not if it costs my freedom to wear what i like in public . 
  fuck that . 
  we are grown adults and should be allowed choose for ourselves what we wear . 
  a bank is a private business .
