  if , for example , juncker had said `` common sense is distributed equally in europe '' and yet he did n't believe it then this is definitely wrong in my mind . 
  but if he simply holds back in saying anything , as he does n't believe it appropriate then that could very well be justifiable . 
  although , my personal preference will always be politicians who say what they 're thinking , without care for the political/social games . 
  that 's the exact opposite of what i 'm saying . 
  decorum , keeping within good taste and propriety , is damaging . 
  or at least the current ` tastes ' are damaging . 
  it 's the reason why i can listen to a stand-up comedian speak and a politician speak and have far more respect for the comedian by the end . 
  if he believes it he should say it . 
  yeah the areas that mostly identified as irish were mostly remain and the others were mostly leave . 
  well the life expectancy generally gets larger for newer generations , but there 's also the fact that you 've ` made it ' to 65 and thus have missed a good few opportunities to die . 
  what 's petty is hindering negotiations because they decided to send an all-female team . 
  even when it 's done to make a point against your team . 
  although i do think it a bit stupid to send all females in retaliation . 
  surely the point they want to highlight is to pick teams based on their value and not their sex . 
  and then they go and purposefully pick a team all of one sex ? 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  it 's a bit of a grey area though . 
  people like to help , and when they see others less off because of their system of governance , it 's only natural to want to ` help ' by sharing our ideas/ways of life . 
  this stems from a good part of human nature , although it 's not always practical or even good . 
  yes , but who else would it be ? 
  yeah actually i had n't thought of that . 
  the us and ireland do have a very close connection . 
  fuck , is it . . is it the uk ? 
  i suppose the idea is that this will discourage fans from violence if they know that they will get their team disqualified . 
  it will also guarantee that the people responsible will be looked upon negatively hopefully leading to attitude changes ( wishful thinking maybe ) . 
  will it work ? 
  i 've no idea but i would n't be too hopeful . 
  can only imagine this being a marketing success for mercedes . 
  many british and irish people tend to go mad when going abroad . 
  basically many people go abroad with the attitude to get drunk for most of the time . 
  and they always go to these cheap places to do this . 
  personally i think it 's absurd how many migrants sweden takes in . 
  i feel there is no way they will all successfully integrate into swedish culture . 
  in the long run i 'm sure population growth will lead to an increase in the economy , i meant currently . 
  really ? 
  i would have thought they misjudged rather than them not even considering the costs ? 
   unsurmountably burden oh yeah of course not . 
  they would n't be doing it if it was n't actually possible to do it ( or at least it would fail as soon as the money is gone ) . 
  but just because something is n't insurmountable does n't mean it 's not hard . 
  and just because something is hard does not mean it should n't be done . 
  i was simply stating that this must be hard on the swedish economy thus there 's certainly some warrant for criticism of this . 
  whatever your opinions on this , economically this must be hard for sweden . 
  as i said i do n't think there 's a possibility , legal or not , for gun ownership to be as low in the us as it is here . 
  so the legality is irrelevant . 
  it 's the amount of guns which is relevant . 
  i 'd reckon it 's about both but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  i 've seen some extraordinary documentaries on crime in chicago . 
  it 's absolutely crazy , people just ` going out shootin ' . 
  i think these people would be fucked , guns or no guns . 
  on the other hand i feel the damage caused by these people could be lessened if there were fewer guns . 
  although when it comes to the us , even making guns illegal would have little effect on lowering the gun rate i reckon . 
  this would be far better . 
  i can only imagine what hell would break loose if guns became easily accessible here though . 
  but is it not worth it to live in one of the safest countries in the world ? 
  [ homicide rate by country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ), 
   using existing eu income on the issue that 's affecting us all seems like the way to go for me if , for even a second , i thought this money would be used in a responsible and logical manner then i would be all for it . 
  but when germany , a country which has n't dealt with this migrant crisis with an ounce of responsibility , is asking to divert the funds i 'm not very confident that this will be the case . 
  without a doubt a lot of people i know would be massively against the eu if it were population represented . 
  not saying it would necessarily be a bad thing but you would definitely have resistance from smaller countries and possibly some would leave . 
   their main argument is that the eu undemocratically forces itself upon the population . 
  i 've heard many reasons but i 've yet to hear this one . 
   i love seeing people get what they deserve . 
  who does n't haha . 
   nobody would give a fuck . 
  here 's where i differ . 
  no matter how much you think greece deserves it you should still give a fuck . 
  because it will have negative effects on other countries which have nothing to do with it . 
  this negativity outweighs my want to see people ` get what they deserve ' . 
   it 's not like they will accept defeat , gracefully acknowledging that they are nothing more than a vocal minority . 
  no of course not . 
  if people still feel unhappy about the eu they are not going to change their minds because the majority disagree . 
  but it 's not like we are going to have a vote every year . 
  if it 's voted against then unless something big happens i ca n't imagine it being brought up again ( seriously ) for another good while . 
   i 'll just grab my popcorn and watch as the weaker countries ( e.g. 
  greece ) slowly collapse - while deserving it too . 
  but why would you enjoy this ? 
  this will be worse for the smaller and debatably deserving countries , but it will also be bad for the eu as a whole and the bigger countries as well . 
  although i doubt leaving the eu would be close to as big as a disaster as people make out . 
  looking at the cia and some of their endeavours i would be inclined to advise against this . 
  surely it 's no problem that people want a vote ? 
  i know that it 's very unlikely ireland would vote to leave , i would have thought the same for most countries . 
  it 's not necessarily the wrong thing to do but it 's definitely unfair . 
  it creates a race to the bottom . 
  agreements between countries is important . 
  we also have relatively high fertility here compared to the eu average . 
   the people do n't really gain much out of it . 
  have to disagree with this . 
  the tax is unfair to the rest of europe but it most certainly does benefit the people . 
  it 's basically the reason i did n't have to move abroad to get a job . 
  intel chips ? 
  be surprised if they were labeled made in ireland though . 
  but yeah our meat is what came to mind , some good aul grassfed beef . 
  turn it upside down and let it rush into the glass in one go . 
  let it settle , enjoy a decent pint of guinness :d, 
  rather than expected it was a worry people had . 
  almost no one here wants to leave the eu , but after brexit many worried about france and netherlands might wanting to leve . 
  i believe the polish are very much not euroskeptic . 
  it shows its popularity , not much about it 's actual success though . 
  most have a little garden . 
  i 'd always prefer one of those houses over a flat anyways .
