  there 's kind of a tendency to keep out of things , mostly because we are nicely tucked up behind the u.k. and the rest of western europe , and we 're tiny and would most likely be easily defeated by anydecent military . 
  also our biggest enemy for centuries was england but now we 're buddies :p, 
  well technically it would only be bias if we refused other countries from doing the same . 
  which we would clearly do if it was iraq going to fight in the u.s. 
  so i really think we should stop allowing this ... 
  so you think we should spend more on military ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  does n't seem to me that there 's much need atm . 
  we also are in massive debt and dont just have 100s of millions to spend . 
  i 'd be worried about being on a list somewhere and never being able to fly again . 
  this is very true , people like to complain about the u.s. a lot but in the end we all have similar problems to the u.s. theirs are just on a bigger scale because of their size/population . 
  when people are complaining about the u.s. and their military i often ask them ` what other country would you prefer to have the biggest military in the world ? ' . 
  there are not many when you think about it . 
  it 's sad the shit people have to go through just because some politicians are being fucking stupid assholes . 
  bigger punishments if you get caught and decrease the attractiveness/earnings of a life of crime by legalising drugs . 
  just off the top of my head . 
   because i got expensive birthday presents ( two relatively newly released video games ) . 
  wow how did they even know ? 
  i always thought the problem was knowing who is in genuine need for it and who is n't . 
   the hardline islamist fled a 15-year egyptian jail sentence using human rights laws to allow him to not only stay in britain , but take advantage of the welfare system . 
  crazy times we are living in . 
  here 's the actual link to the website op used a web archive link for some reason . 
  i hate ` left wing ' or ` right wing ' . 
  neither sides reflect my views completely . 
  i never know who to vote for because no one seems to share my views . 
  everything is polarized to two different sides all with similar views . 
  i always think the best answer to most political/economical arguments is somewhere in the middle of the two sides who are both shouting about how fucked we will be if we go the other way . 
  skoda have a very good reputation here in ireland . 
  octavias are very popular with taxis as they supposedly get a lot of miles . 
  i love the look of the new ones , not that i have the money to buy one though :(, 
  quite happy . 
  i think are laws are quite good . 
  i also think that being a small island we are in a good position to further reduce firearms in the country . 
  maybe by higher punishment for being caught with guns . 
  as far as i remember it wo n't come into effect until next year , and not until 2017 for companies already in ireland . 
  not arsed googling around for sources so i could be wrong . 
  besides youth unemployment which is still quite high things are fairly good here at the moment . 
  whether it 's because of austerity , u.s. companies , pharmaceuticals or the irish being awesome :p i really do n't know . 
  things also cost a lot here especially rent in dublin . 
  what is the point in this ? 
  like what is the message they are trying to convey ? 
  so would most of the polish youth support gay marriage ? 
  i would have thought so based on any polish i 've met here . 
  hey i 've no problem with them , they are important . 
  i was just talking about why subreddits content often ends up becoming very similar . 
   it becomes an echo chamber where people come to read things that confirm their own bias welcome to reddit/the internet . 
  reddit always promotes the popular ideas . 
  always . 
  so what happens when a sub gets big is that the same things come up again and again because posts are decided by the average user . 
  we 're all pushing an agenda . 
  right now you are , and so am i. 
  some are more serious than others , some are shittier than others . 
  we let the upvotes decide what the sub wants to see on the frontpage . 
  / r/europe is big now which always comes with issues of different opinions clashing . 
  i often use ` schei\u00dfe ' instead of shit , just for shits and giggles :p, 
  no because you might n't notice it if they are simply removing posts that should n't be removed , how would you even know ? 
  i do n't know this guy though , or any moderator for that matter . 
   i too fled my country , egypt , due to religious persecution and i 'm seriously worried my children will go through the same here in europe . 
  the weird/strange/fucked up thing about this is that the reason this bullying is allowed happen is because people are so afraid of doing anything against muslims . 
  why ? 
  because they do n't want to feel like they are bullying a religion . 
  people need to learn the difference between discriminating against a whole group of people and treating individuals on their actions . 
  people need to learn that there are differences in cultures which often means it 's a bad idea to mix them without care . 
  people need to realize that if someone tells you that they believe in something , you can and should treat them as per what they say they believe in . 
  if someone tells you they do n't believe electricity can kill people would you get them to wire your house ? 
  if someone says they want to live under sharia law , should you let them into your country which does n't have sharia law ? 
  this gives me hope for the future , i just hope they have plans for other things besides technology/computer stuff . 
  they 're jokes alright , i think most of them are funny though . 
  better than the average newspaper cartoon i see . 
   is it really all that unbelievable that relations might break down or the us might pull back from a interventionist foreign policy ? 
  i could see how it would at least be worthy of discussion . 
  it 's not that unbelievable no . 
  but regardless if russia started using nukes the u.s. would still definitely get involved . 
  still only my opinion though . 
  it 's not difficult , just not very interesting to me if it 's not at all likely to happen . 
  not necessarily , deals can be made . 
  wars do n't have to end with one side completely obliterating the other . 
  i would hope that deals would be made before the nuclear option would be taken . 
  i mean it 's pretty much a suicidal option in my opinion . 
  ( maybe not for the u.s. ), 
  well if nukes were involved the u.s. would definitely be involved . 
  ok so if they lie and they come here and start practising islam then it 's clear they lied on their application and should be removed ? 
  really i have no problem with people practising islam so i think they question should be ` do you want to live with sharia law ' . 
  if they answer yes then tell them to stay where they are . 
  really ? 
  because most upvoted comments here are saying that this is disgusting . 
  but whenever there 's news of isis members being killed it 's nearly all praise . 
  you are way off their mate . 
  not really , most comments in here seem to be saying that this is weird but they are not showing support by upvoting just letting it be shown . 
  just like some combat footage is often upvoted but i doubt most people support the actual things they are seeing . 
  upvotes should n't be considered ` likes ' in my opinion but they often are , especially with comments . 
  everytime i bring this up people say ` but wo n't all the prices go up ? ' . 
  edit : i 'm not saying it 's a valid reason . 
   i do n't particularly think migratory policies should be influenced by old farts who may feel uncomfortable having to deal with cultures they have never been exposed to . 
  so these ` old farts ' should just be ignored ? 
  these ` old farts ' have lived somewhere their whole life and you just dismiss their wishes , and demean them by calling them names . 
   because we do n't wish to have to deal with different cultures , rather they should be based on economic and safety reasons , tempered by humanism . 
  economic and safety are effected by different cultures . 
  also do you think that happiness and comfort should n't also be a factor ? 
  ah fuckem theyll make prooganda out of anything .
