  i really ca n't believe these numbers are accurate . 
  i 've often wondered where people think the money is going to come from for a thing like this ? 
   banning anything that causes the least offence to anyone wrong . 
  they are banning anything that causes offence to certain groups of people who they believe need extra protection . 
  things that offend me are certainly not banned ( nor would i want them to be of course ) . 
   i am asking how can you recognise a nation that so many support killing of israelis ? 
  where the support for hamas terrorist organisation is so high ? 
  you have a point but despite the fucked up things done the best thing we can do now is to try and find a resolution . 
  we should try and make decisions that reduce these knife attacks . 
  well of course if the child does n't want it that should be taken into consideration . 
  i was thinking more of babies being adopted tbh . 
   it 's the same reason i dislike religious ceremonies like baptism etc. 
  denying someone personal liberties because they are not yet capable of rational thinking . 
  a parent makes decisions for their kid . 
  of course you deny a kids liberties because they are not yet capable of rational thinking . 
  would you let a 2 year old make all their own decisions ? 
  or as your five year old if they want to go to school ? 
  i 've always just thought of it like this . 
  if someone wants to adopt their kid to a homosexual couple why should i get a say in it ? 
  it 's up to whoever is adopting their baby to decide if it 's a good thing to do are not . 
  unless of course it was proven to have negative effects on the children . 
  which so far it has n't . 
  ye walking outside feels kind of weird with how hot it is . 
  and in terms of rain , wind and darkness we 've had an absolute terrible 2 months . 
  in ireland all the exits/entrances are lit up but the rest is dark ( besides the m50 which is all it up ) . 
  i 've never had this ` blinding ' problem . 
  who wants to negotiate with isis ? 
  i know , i just ca n't understand why sweden would n't keep records of both statistics so that we could compare . 
  seems trivial to me . 
  surprised the bbc would get it wrong though . 
   look , if they could n't win this one ( with all the fear of terrorism and anti-migrant sentiment for them to exploit ) they are n't going to win in 2017 . 
  you 're probably right unless there is further terrorism . 
  which i do n't know how anyone could be sure there wo n't be . 
  it 's sad that it has to be this way . 
  i just wish people would listen to each other and respect other people 's opinions even if they are different to your own . 
  instead people call names and make the other side out to be the worst thing in the world . 
  french teacher * i would have thought . 
   how does it punish the poor ? 
  yeah i know it 's a luxury . 
  this law would restrict this luxury from poor people more than others . 
  thus i said it punishes the poor . 
   are poor people obligated to buy alcohol ? 
  of course not . 
   2.23 $ for a pint of 5 % beer if i could get 2 euro pints in my local i would never leave the place :p i think this will affect cheap beer/wine most of all . 
  i can get a can of 4.5 % in aldi for 80cent currently . 
  this will be 2euro under these new rules . 
  fairly harsh . 
  they know what 5 drinks leads to , 
  chip, 
  i wholeheartedly agree with the advertising changes and think they should go even further . 
  i mean we have an obesity problem here and yet no one even questions that the olympics was sponsored by coke and mcdonalds . 
  but i dislike this minimum pricing on alcohol . 
  i think it has little effect ( people will just spend less on other things ) and only really punishes the poor . 
  good news i suppose   ireland 's small , flexible economy can `` shift our footing very quickly '' if circumstances change , he said . 
  i would n't have called our economy flexible ? 
  are n't we very reliant on u.s. corporations setting up here . 
  and these companies would move in no time if it became the right financial move . 
  i ca n't read the article but it 's important that any ` scam ' is punishable . 
  but wearing clothes with ` shariah police ' is not a scam . 
  wearing clothes with ` shariah police ' to trick people into doing things is a scam . 
  important distinction . 
  punish crimes , do n't punish people for what they choose to wear . 
  thanks haha knew it did n't look right . 
  cue two days of people on reddit explaining how the time 's person of the year is n't necessarily someone who does good . 
  as should be expected . 
   and what i have problem with is actively promoting violence which i have a problem with as well . 
  i just do n't think you should be locked away for it . 
  but i suppose most will disagree with me on this :(, 
   also back to human rights : it 's an universal human right to not be subjugated to violence and people perpetuating and promoting violence with a group is infringing on that . 
  but you are not making it illegal to subject someone to violence , you are making it illegal to talk about subjecting someone to violence . 
  my point is that this talking is not actually violating your right to not be subjugated to violence . 
  so you must also want the right to not have people talk about subjecting you to violence . 
  i do n't think you , or anyone , should have this right . 
  although admittedly it 's hard to argue . 
  i 'd like to end this conversation with `` but anyway to each their own '' . 
  but i ca n't because apparently you think that your opinions should dictate how i live my life , even if my actions were n't going to cause you any harm . 
  just in case i might commit a crime . 
   if you are arguing on the side of racists you are liable in some countrys for promoting violence or discrimination . 
  which i disagree with . 
   also there is a very big difference between talking to friends about cutting unworthy people and teaching hundreds/thousands of people to do so because you are an authority figure in their value system . 
  true . 
  so these mosques can exist if there 's only a few people there then ? 
   strange you bring up ireland , given the tensions there are religious based as well . 
  they are mainly religious based yes . 
  do n't know why this is strange though ? 
  as it 's very related to the matter at hand . 
   yes , i believe teaching people to ignore basic human rights violets my and other people 's human rights . 
  so what are these rights ? 
  i presume none of them is the right to talk with your friends freely and without restriction ? 
   yes , i believe fueling racial , religious , cultural tensions on purpose is a crime . 
  so there is currently a cultural tension here in ireland regarding abortion . 
  some think it 's up to the woman to decide , some think that abortion should n't be allowed . 
  should it be a crime to ` fuel ' my side of this ` cultural tension ' . 
  or how about racial tensions . 
  should i not be able to argue it out with racists ? 
  or is that a crime also ? 
  so you believe these mosques are circumventing human rights ? 
  you believe hate speech violates your rights ? 
  what rights exactly ? 
  ok then i mean i think every moron should be allowed preach what he/she likes .
