  ( preach just means to talk to a group of people , usually religiously ) . 
   not every moron should be allowed to preach . 
  well this is where we disagree . 
  i think every moron should be allowed to say what he/she likes . 
  and anyone else should be allowed tell them that they are wrong , and keep an eye on them , and punish them if they actually do something wrong . 
  being against something is different than making it illegal . 
  i 'm against all religion but i would never make it illegal . 
  i tolerate it . 
  i allow people make their own decision on whether to follow religion or not . 
  i try and teach people i know about why i do n't follow religion but that 's all . 
  why not ? 
  why would you be more open with jailing people for saying certain things , rather than teaching people the truth ? 
  seriously i do n't understand this mentality . 
  because fighting intolerance with intolerance does n't make sense to me . 
  why do n't we use these free speech laws to our advantage ? 
  why do n't france put out messages on tv stating facts . 
  like `` hey guys you know allah was a pedofile ? '' . 
  `` you know the quran teaches hate and violence '' . 
  fight these fictional delusions with education and truth . 
   this is a common fallacy . 
  you do n't always have to abide by your values to protect your values . 
  do n't you think the people not `` abiding '' by your values are using the exact same reasoning ? 
  do n't you think that these islamic leaders who make it law that women have to wear a hijab are thinking that they are `` protecting their values '' . 
   but it is just another version of the ends justify the means . 
  is this not what you are saying ? 
  go against freedom of speech now for a little bit because it 's justified . 
  edit : freedom of speech is easy to protect when you agree with what 's being said . 
  it 's when you disagree that it becomes hard to defend . 
  ok cool . 
  i 'd prefer to live in a country where i do n't have to check with the government before i say something or get dressed . 
   i find it ironic that you want to protect freedom of speech for a group of people that want to destroy freedom of speech . 
  so you want to destroy freedom of speech like these terrorists ? 
  that 's your solution ? 
  punish the crime . 
  jail terrorists , investigate radicals , monitor hate speech , teach truth . 
  do n't tell me that i might get locked away for saying the wrong things . 
  do n't take away my freedoms . 
  do you think that because these mosques are closed the radicals are going to be like `` oh now we have nowhere to meet , lets become good citizens '' . 
  do you think people should worry about what they say in case the government does n't like it ? 
  freedom * * ( terms and conditions apply ), 
   in britain , we think the top 1 % wealthiest households own 59 % of our country 's wealth , when they actually `` only '' own 23 % . 
  americans think that 33 % of their population are immigrants , when in fact it is only 14 % . 
  the question should be `` why are people so bad at guessing stats ? '' . 
  i mean who would expect the average person to guess any of these ? 
  unless you 've seen the stat before , or are particularly knowledgeable in the area , all you can do is guess based on what you 've seen . 
  which is clearly going to be a terrible guess . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable in this area but i believe ireland receives a lot of funds for agriculture . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.publicpolicy.ie/wp-content/uploads/140514d-page-001.jpg ), 
  decide ourselves individually i meant . 
  what if the majority of people dislike people wearing crosses in public ? 
  should that be banned also ? 
  or if the majority of people dislike seeing two people kiss ? 
  to pick some current topics , imagine if the majority are uncomfortable seeing homosexuals kissing ? 
  should that be banned ? 
  or if people dislike seeing their rival teams jersey ? 
  should that be banned ? 
  there are plenty of things people do and wear in public that i dislike , but should i be able to tell them to act differently ? 
  of course not . 
   create a set of commonly accepted rules . 
  perhaps select a group to watch over these rules and adapt them accordingly . 
  what i 'm suggesting is the same except for one thing . 
  only rules should be made if they are regarding things which directly affect others . 
  so most of us agree murder is wrong and it directly affects others so ban it . 
  most of us also think reality tv is shit , but it does n't affect us so do n't ban it and let the minority have it . 
  personally i dislike religion and think it has a negative effect on society , but it does n't directly affect me so tough . 
  i have to let people do it . 
  well then leave it legal  ca n't ban things if your only guessing it 's harmful . 
  usually this works in a democracy by us voting for certain people who we deem capable of deciding whether things affect others enough to pass a law about it . 
  anyone who thinks that them being offended by burkas is enough of a harm to ban it by law is someone i completely disagree with . 
  circumcision could have physical problems , easy to prove . 
  ( i 'm not actually knowledgeable on circumcision so not sure if this is true ) . 
  wearing a burka is unlikely to cause physical problems , although it may have negative emotional effects . 
  these are a lot harder to prove . 
  then yes ban it until the kid is old enough to decide for himself ( if he wants to harm himself as an adult that 's his own choice ) . 
  now how you would prove a burka is detrimental is another issue . 
   should i be able to shit in a bag in public ? 
  so long as it 's not causing harm . 
  if it 's unsanitary then your germs could be affecting others . 
  obviously also if you leave a mess you are affecting others . 
  but otherwise yes i think you should be able to . 
   what is your opinion on infant circumcision ? 
  should it be allowed if demanded by religion ? 
  kids are a tricky subject as the parent should clearly call the shots but the kids is a person to and has some of his own rights . 
  so if the circumcision is determined to have a negative effect on the kids life then no i do n't think it should be allowed . 
  which is fine . 
  i 'm trying to confront why people would vote on this ? 
  what makes these people think they have the right to tell others what they can and ca n't wear ? 
  look away if it offends you . 
   why should the government be telling me what i can and can not say in public as long as i 'm not directing it at anyone ? 
  they should n't . 
  it 's very simple in my mind . 
  unless you are directly affecting others , the government should not be involved . 
  if you are shouting out and people ca n't get to sleep then yes the government should get involved . 
  if you are shouting and people dislike what you 're saying then then the government should not be involved . 
  confront the person yourself or ignore it . 
   cultures chose what is and is n't allowed in public , and legislate accordingly . 
  this works so long as you are not different to the average ( cultural norm of the country ) . 
  for example if the general culture of a country was homophobic do you think legislation should reflect this by banning displays of affections between two people of the same sex ? 
  no because the government should not be enforcing peoples opinions on things unless the actions are causing harm to you or others . 
  people blame islam for forcing women to wear hijabs .
