  good news for russia for a change   incredibly , the rate of suicides per 100,000 people is 90 times higher in the altai republic , the region with the highest level of suicide mortality ( 54.1 ) , than in chechnya , where the rate is just 0.6 . 
   at the end of 2015 , suicide rates rated as high were recorded in 37 of the 85 regions . 
  these are , above all , the regions in the north , the urals , siberia and russia 's far east . 
  the worst places were the altai republic , the trans-baikal territory , the jewish autonomous region , buryatia and the nenets autonomous region . 
  it 's amazing to me how much the sun seems to affect suicide rates . 
  we shall see in the rugby next saturday week my friend :p, 
  weetabix all day everyday :p seriously though weetabix are by far the most superior cereal besides maybe oats . 
  well reddit seems to be quite english ( language ) dominated . 
  thus it was bound to be either / r/ireland or / r/unitedkingdom . 
  and we always win when up against the brits :p, 
   they do n't give a flying fuck about `` kids losing their friends and families '' . 
  and they are a government , a state , not a politically correct liberal politician . 
  why would they ? 
  i know they do n't give a fuck about these things . 
  i 'm not saying putin is mistakenly bringing war to the middle east . 
  i 'm simply pointing out why / u/jtalin was correct in saying that putin is currently bringing war to the middle east . 
  this comment was downvoted for some reason and / u/bkloro59 seems to think it 's ` ballsy ' to say russia is bringing war to the middle east when they are currently bombing the shit out of syria . 
  am i wrong or what ? 
   and you have the balls to say russia is bringing war to middle east ? 
  is n't one of the main criticisms of the u.s. is how you bomb places in order to kill an enemy and end up killing citizens . 
  thus people in these countries grow up having lost their friends or family to u.s. bombs . 
  things in these countries are shit so a lot of these people are filled with anger and so u.s. bombing does n't actually help in the long run . 
  currently russia is doing a lot of this bombing . 
  many people will argue that this is not going to help in the long run . 
  lead to more terrorism or extremism . 
  personally i do n't know . 
  i do n't know why you are getting downvoted . 
  putin is making europe 's current weaknesses ( the refugee crisis ) worse on purpose . 
  we have problems in europe currently , and certainly on reddit most people realize it , but putin making it worse for us is certainly worth discussing . 
  being cautious , realistic and even scared is ok . 
  taking away rights of citizens is not . 
  it 's not the fear that 's bad in my opinion . 
  it 's how you deal with it . 
  being more cautious and making decisions to reduce extremism is a good reaction . 
  becoming panicked , suspecting everyone , spying on citizens , torturing people is clearly not a good reaction to it . 
  at least you 're the most generous nation on earth , loads of friends to help you out , 
  these things do n't have as good a risk to profit ratio as drugs but i agree i ca n't imagine gangs just up and getting jobs . 
  on the other hand , in the long run , i would expect gang numbers to decrease if it 's harder to profit from it , especially as there 's a large morality gap between human trafficking and robberies than moving drugs around . 
  is it possible these would be useful for grid storage ? 
  so that when the wind is blowing , the sun is shining , or demand is low we could store the energy to release when demand rises above generation ? 
   mostly about the drugs trade . 
  and yet no one here is talking about the obvious solution to this problem . 
  legalize and regulate recreational drugs . 
  of course gangs will still exist but at least we 'll be cutting off a major source of easy money . 
  i think it 's completely fair for them to shut down comment sections if they are distasteful or whatever . 
  i also think it 's completely fair to block all comments . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to specifically target immigration threads , rather than just targeting any distasteful threads . 
  i think this shows that their agenda here is not to remove comments that are `` sketchy and despicable '' but to remove comments which have a certain narrative ( anti-immigration ) . 
  i 'm not sure but i believe they would do this to ensure that the , possibly overly-reactionary , people will continue using the site . 
  but i do n't think we should pander to these over-reactionary people who ca n't just scroll past a few racist comments . 
  it 's not big deal but i just think it shows the direction many internet sites are taking ( reddit , facebook etc ) where they will remove things that cause a bit too much controversy in order to keep their user base . 
  i think he means more out of protest as they particularly blocked comments on certain topics rather than just not allowing comments like other sites . 
  people see this as more of a censorship action because of the specificity of the block . 
  great to see ours coming down since the recession days . 
   in berlin , young male immigrants are three times more likely to commit violent crimes than their german peers . 
  it 's a similar story across europe , but government efforts to find a solution vary across the continent . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/identifying-the-roots-of-immigrant-crime/a-1953916  521 moroccans , 260 algerians , and 57 tunisians have registered in cologne as immigrants between october 2014 and november 2015 . 
   and if the guardian does n't want comments on a particular subject in their forums it is absolutely not a violation of ` freedom of speech ' . 
  i said this . 
   this is certainly not revoking anyone 's freedom of speech ( as they can go elsewhere ) . 
  . .  freedom of speech does not mean you can say what you want wherever you want . 
  true . 
  sometimes people like that other organisations uphold this freedom that the government upholds . 
  maybe we ca n't call it freedom of speech as that strictly refers to freedom from government . 
  for example , i expect whatsapp to uphold freedom of speech ( from whatsapp not the government ) . 
  if my messages on some topic were censored on whatsapp i would be very critical . 
  despite the fact that whatsapp have every right to block these messages . 
  despite the fact that they are not breaking freedom of speech . 
  i still want to be able to speak freely on that platform . 
  now some people seem to want to be able to do that on the guardians platform and are critical of this move . 
  personally i have/would never use the comment section there but i do think it stupid that they decided to just pick out this topic to block comments going against a certain narrative . 
  they decided that on their platform they will not respect people 's freedom of speech . 
  this is certainly not revoking anyone 's freedom of speech ( as they can go elsewhere ) . 
  they have no obligation to hold up freedom of speech but it 's certainly fair to criticize them on this . 
  i have heard this . 
  but seriously how can you release a guy who was going to blow himself up in order to kill swedish people after only 6 years ? 
  fair enough . 
  personally i think both parties are to blame . 
  i mean if you move to a foreign country there is some onus on you to learn the language and integrate , even if the government is n't helping . 
  but yeah the government should be helping and in my opinion should be closing/replacing these `` religion-based schools who do n't focus on teaching the language of the country '' . 
   could n't it be that the english simply have a terrible education system , which , together with bad integration policies could lead to results like these ? 
  i think this is what he was saying . 
   private , religion-based schools who do n't focus on teaching the language of the country bad education system . 
   completely segregated groups who intentionally avoid all contact with others and only wish to speak their home language bad integration policies . 
   can anyone tell me what good/advantages these migrants bring that could in anyway be weighed against the financial and societal burden the create ? 
  i think that the biggest argument is n't that these refugees will help our countries , but that these are people fleeing from war and we should help them despite the burdens they may create . 
  people should rethink this though as most are not refugees and the ` burden ' they bring is significantly higher than what people had thought . 
   why does this surprise anyone ? 
  because if i put myself in their position , leaving my home country because it 's ravaged by violence , i know i 'd feel very frustrated and angry but i also know that i would n't act in the way these folks are acting . 
  so my initial assumption was that whilst these people will clearly have a different culture which may cause problems , they will try to make it work . 
  it seems a large portion of them are not acting this way . 
  which is both unfair to europeans and to the other refugees who are trying to make it work . 
  i head for the nearest mcdonalds if i need to shit whilst i 'm out and about . 
  fair point . 
  for many yes . 
  but there is a syrian engineer working with me and he 's as good and educated as any of us . 
  ( and his english is good ) . 
  he moved here just before the refugee crisis as he is christian and it was dangerous for him in syria before shit got real bad . 
  the only people muslims hate more than non-muslims are other muslims . 
   it would n't make sense , particularly during a time where everyone has the ability to film , not to use it to prevent crime .
