  people seem to have lost a sense of pride in their culture and people . 
  i think because of how it 's viewed as racist and dangerous to have pride in your nationality . 
  or at least to vocalize it . 
  i love ireland and it 's people and i am proud of what we have here . 
  it 's not only better here than in most of the rest of the world , it 's better than most have had it throughout human history . 
  a lot of this is to do with culture and cooperation . 
  a lot of places do not have the same level of cooperation and i would not like to live there . 
  i do not blame the people in these other places it 's just obvious to me that this culture and cooperation we enjoy could seriously be affected by allowing other cultures to come here without doing it right . 
  please let this happen . 
  well happiness is certainly debatable . 
  i think here in ireland even poor families who struggle on a daily basis are still in general happy . 
  their family are safe , they have free time on weekends , they have a roof over their head and food on their table , they go out with friends . 
  things can always be better but i honestly would n't call them unhappy . 
  true , it 's simply a matter of how many different cultures you have to deal with and how often . 
  also how diverse those cultures are . 
  are you trying to say we all deal with the same amount of different cultures no matter where we live ? 
  he 's only trying to give some perspective . 
  news sites and stuff always seem to make things out to be terrible using phrases like ` crisis ' and ` lost generation ' . 
  it 's nice to remember that things are n't the worst . 
  most of us are still healthy and happy . 
  no harm in reminding people of this . 
  how ? 
  he is saying people are n't forcing integration as it 's viewed as racist . 
  he is n't saying that integration is failing because it 's fundamentally impossible or that it 's failing because we are not trying hard enough . 
   but in the real world we have to deal with different people , we do n't ` have to ' . 
  that 's what most anti-immigration people are arguing . 
  if you country completely stops immigration or only allows those who are sufficiently ` similar ' to the citizens of the country then people their wo n't have to deal with all these cultures . 
   i think it is a stupid and dangerous game to associate nationality with the flaws ( in behavior ) of a person . 
  what is stupid is to * unfairly * judge an individual based on his nationality ( or whatever ) . 
  associating nationality with the flaws of a person is neither stupid nor dangerous , it 's natural and helpful . 
  if you own a hotel and every irish person that comes in spits on the ground because that 's normal here ( not really :p ) , would you not think it fair to ask the next irish guy to come in not to spit on the floor ? 
  if you silence a racist then how can they ever learn where they went wrong ? 
  i believe that if someone believes in something , it 's a good thing if they vocalize it , even if it 's stupid , wrong or hateful . 
  if they never speak about it how will anyone ever tell them where they are wrong ? 
  secondly reddit is great because it allows the people to show support or lack of support for comments/posts without the need of someone banning someone . 
  if you dislike a comment downvote it . 
  if you dislike what i say tell me why . 
  that 's how discussion happens . 
  if you ban everyone who in your mind has a view that 's wrong , then you will never change your opinion about anything . 
  please reconsider this view . 
   free unbiased media seems not to exist anymore . 
  nor did it ever in my opinion . 
  but we do have something great today , the internet . 
  i now know about this story whereas i would n't without the net . 
   the profit that is taxed in tax havens was not created from revenue in the tax haven . 
  this loophole has been closed in ireland at least . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/ireland-ends-double-irish-tax-loophole-favored-by-apple-google-facebook.html ), 
  well does anyone have any data on what countries are actually payed in corporation tax ? 
  like if irish multi-nationals make a profit of 1 million in ireland what amount do they actually pay in corporation tax ? 
  anyone have this data ? 
   last i heard apple paid an effective tax rate of 2 % . 
  true but that loophole is closed as of january 2015 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/ireland-ends-double-irish-tax-loophole-favored-by-apple-google-facebook.html ) although existing companies wo n't have to pay more till 2020 which is a bit ridiculous . 
   i 'm just saying that what makes sense for ireland does n't necessarily make sense for other countries . 
  i think this also . 
  i think the reason is bigger countries ( population ) have much more varying people and thus wo n't agree on issues a lot . 
  just a guess . 
   but i do n't believe you would support neither the execution nor the sterilization of asthmatics . 
  nor would i support the execution or sterilization of religious people . 
  who the fuck does ? 
   all the while truth has nothing to do with whether we should do this or not . 
  absolutely stupid thing to say . 
   truth is nowhere as relevant in society and politics as one might want . 
  agreed . 
   that 's without addressing how nebulous a concept truth is . 
  many questions are not about truth at all . 
  what question is n't about truth ? 
   whether the debate is motivated by religion or other things . 
  exactly i would hope that the debate would be based on reason and observation , not religion or other made up stuff . 
  more people making decisions based on truth , leads to better decisions being made , leads to a better overall society . 
  also it would be one less thing to divide us . 
  this could hopefully lead to better cooperation between groups/countries . 
  on the flip side religion does bring people ( of the same religion ) together and certainly can help in that way , but religion is not needed to do this . 
  well surely the main reason is because they have nukes and consider y' all the enemy . 
  you are choosing to take on a massive amount of immigrants , other countries are choosing not to . 
  you are not being forced to take them . 
   if you do n't want to handle the downsides of the eu , you do n't deserve the good parts of it . 
  so because a country chooses to take less immigrants than sweden they do n't deserve to be in the eu ? 
   13 % of the people should be represented by 13 % of the mps , no matter if they are nazis , communsits or moderates . 
  so if everyone in one county votes for someone who has been a great benefit to that community and does very well for the people , you 're saying he should n't be elected if his party did n't do well and thus does n't have a large enough percent of the votes to be elected ? 
  to me that makes less sense but i 'm guessing i 'm wrong as the rest of reddit seems to think the opposite . 
  but is that not how it 's supposed to work ? 
  how else would you have it work ? 
  people vote on the people in their area ( which makes sense ) and how else can you pick winners without picking the people with the most votes ? 
  it 's just slightly unsettling to see this in england . 
  it just does n't seem like something that would be happening in england . 
  i just would have had thought that france and germany would have done better here is all . 
  [ list of all countries by life expectancy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_life_expectancy ) if anyone is interested . 
  italy is kind of surprising to me , excellent healthcare i guess ? 
  anyone else surprised that more men are overweight than women ? 
  i would have thought it the other way . 
  it looks like i was right , in ireland women are fatter . 
   in terms of obesity , the estimates show a big jump for women in ireland from 23 % to 57 % ,  the proportion of obese irish men is expected to increase from 26 % to 48 %, 
  sandwich , had to google how to spell it haha . 
  personally i think advertising has a big effect . 
  things like the olympics being sponsored by mcdonalds and coke , free toys with your happy meal , and constant ads often directed at children seriously make a difference . 
  and everytime i try to bring this up in conversation people dismiss it . 
  i mean on the one hand we have teachers trying to teach children to eat healthy , then they go home and the tv teaches them to eat at subway . 
  ( often with some sports person in the ad ) . 
  how can people not think this is part of the problem ?
