  yeah i agree , i was just pointing out why people dislike it . 
  it 's not unreasonable in my opinion , although it 's pretty hopeless . 
  a lot of what the is does seems very ridiculous to me . 
  this does n't seem likely at all but i would n't completely rule it out . 
  some people do n't like that they are being videoed by others without their permission . 
  this is reasonable in my opinion , on the other hand i think it 's perfectly reasonable for a person/business to want to secure their property with a camera . 
  and they do help catch people . 
  possibly inside of dublin it 's more common ? 
  i 'm certainly close to the mark with that 1 in 10 number for the houses i went to whilst working , they were outside of dublin though ( in towns mostly though ) . 
  it 's possible i suppose , but if she 's actually saying germany must `` consistently discuss the fundamentals of cultural co-existence '' then i reckon she has realised she was wrong in her previous assertions about the refugees . 
  i know very little about the woman though . 
  yeah and i get this . 
  but would n't it help her remain a politician to come out and admit it ? 
  i know i 'd vote for anyone who speaks their mind , over the fake ass politicians we get today . 
  even if i disagreed with some of what they say . 
  i just want someone who will say what they are thinking and not what they think will garner them the most support . 
  ok but i have a question . 
  is there youth unemployment in germany ? 
  i know there is here in ireland , and thus i feel there is a surplus of people for the amount of work that needs to be done . 
  is this not the case in germany ? 
  or is it that you predict this wo n't be the case in the future ? 
  i 've always held the opinion that less people is better . 
  more land , food , resources ( besides labour ) for every person . 
  not only that but pollution and environmental damage will reduce with a reducing population . 
  surely people do n't want the population to increase forever . 
  edit : oh yeah and i forgot the most important advantage of less people , less fucking traffic . 
  fucking hours on the m50 everyday now and people are still pumping out babies . 
  roald dahl books were the best children 's stories ever . 
  creepy but highly enjoyable and the stories stuck with me . 
   `` we must consistently discuss the fundamentals of cultural co-existence in germany , '' merkel said , admitting that `` people [ were ] rightly expecting action '' . 
  why ca n't politicians ever just be straight and come out and say `` you know what , i was wrong , i 'm sorry and here is where i went wrong '' . 
  i mean i feel people would respect them more if they did this , but they never do . 
  keep them on most of the time . 
  it 's respectful to ask when entering someones home but most often you will wear your shoes . 
  i used to install television systems in homes and i 'd say only 1 in 10 would ask me to remove my shoes , even when i 'm going upstairs , it 's been raining or i was in their garden using ladders ( on grass and stuff ) . 
  people say it 's very dirty but i think the convenience is worth it . 
  i mean most people have pets coming in and out of their home , surely they would be as dirty . 
  and i mean it 's not like you 're eating off the floor . 
  and everyone has a mat to wipe your shoes clean , many have two mats one rough one outside and a smoother one in the porch . 
  on the other hand it 's quite nice to go into a home which no shoes are worn . 
  without an official definition do you not think it 's open for abuse ? 
  even with an official definition i still think it 's very open for abuse . 
   making direct threats against someone is not free speech in my opinion . 
  yeah i agree , violent threats against an individual is clearly wrong . 
   your freedoms are limited if and when they infringe on the rights of someone else . 
  so people have a right not to be hated ? 
  or people have a right to not hear people talk about their hatred of them ? 
  what rights are infringed when someone posts hate comments on an internet board ? 
  i 've often wondered what exactly is wrong with hate speech ? 
  what if i hate something and want to talk about it ? 
  people hate on bankers and politicians on reddit the whole time but i do n't see anyone removing them . 
  unless you are inciting violence i do n't see how banning speech is justified . 
  the goal of terrorism is to cause as much terror as possible . 
  not implementing security measures helps them with this goal . 
  panicking and acting irrationally also helps them with this goal . 
  our goal should be safety and we should n't compromise this based on what the terrorists goal is . 
  police should n't have shot him , they should have stayed an arms length and given him time to assimilate . 
  which 99 % of the time will be the case . 
  people stay silent as a precaution that the police will mistreat you . 
  even though it 's very unlikely the consequences could be huge so i do n't blame people at all for staying silent . 
  on the other hand it 'll probably be quite obvious when you should be cautious about the situation , so having a blanket `` do n't talk '' rule like the video says seems very excessive . 
  although in the u.s. it might/probably differs . 
  here ( posted by op ) https://www.dropbox.com/s/yp8dngxkzncrmyl/country-reptrak-webinar-2015-forweb_1.pdf?dl=0, 
  i think if it does happen , it will happen very slowly over the course of decades or even longer . 
  currently it 's not likely to happen at all . 
  smells are the signals sent to our brains when certain chemical compound particles enter our noses . 
  if you want to make it so that chemical compounds are trademarkable then i can see how that would be possible ( albeit ridiculous ) . 
  but making smells trademarkable does n't seem possible to me . 
  we still use dogs to sniff out drugs in airports because our smell sensors ( really just particle detectors ) are nowhere near as effective as noses yet . 
  oh yeah of course . 
  there will be consequences for what you say . 
  people may dislike you , people may tell you to shut the fuck up , people may even remove you from their class . 
  this is all fine and reasonable . 
  trademark smells ? 
  haha how in the fuck would you do that . 
  not to mind why would we allow it . 
  well yeah . 
  i kind of meant people who actually know the answer but just deny it to provoke a response . 
  but stubbornly ignorant is another annoyance . 
   so why would you be offended if someone was simply `` ignorant ? '', 
  you would n't . 
  what i meant by deliberately ignorant is someone speaking on a subject they no nothing about ( ignorant ) but that they know perfectly well that they are ignorant of the facts . 
  someone mistakenly thinks irish are all drunks ? 
  fine . 
  someone who knows nothing about irish people telling me that i 'm wrong and yes the irish are all drunks . 
  not fine . 
  i think you are right though , ` deliberately ignorant ' is n't the correct way to say it . 
   or the methods around gene splicing . 
  am i `` deliberately ignorant ? '', 
  no but if you started arguing with a geneticist as if you know better then that 's what i meant by deliberately ignorant . 
  i do n't get offended by most things tbh . 
  if someone says something ridiculous about irish history i might get offended if i feel it was deliberately ignorant . 
  same thing goes for people who ridicule introversion , social anxiety , and people with adhd ( have n't come across this since school ) . 
  i 'll only get offended if the person ridiculing these things are completely ignorant . 
  and i 'd never ask for these things to be banned . 
  well if they are talking about screen on time per person than yes it might make sense . 
  i 'm having serious trouble believing this . 
  the average american watches nearly 5 hours of tv a day ? 
  i mean i know people who would watch that much when binge watching a program or when there 's lots of sports on , but i doubt i know anyone who watches 4 hours of tv a day on average . 
  not to mind all the people i know who watch less than an hour which should bring it down a lot .
