  if you 're getting paid to do nothing , and you are asked to do community work , and then you complain because `` you ca n't put it on your cv '' . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not the government 's responsibility to make your cv look good . 
  someone has to pick up litter , if you 're doing fuck all then it may as well be you . 
  oh cool thanks for the info , i had been telling people that this guy will be out in 2 decades , better correct myself . 
  if that 's all that was deleted then it 's cool . 
  but how could we know ? 
  you understand if i 'm still skeptical . 
  the deletion of all the comments is what worries me . 
  oh without a doubt international agreements are extremely important . 
  we share this planet and thus worldwide agreements are necessary . 
  i fully support the eu . 
  i think government , military , most laws , most taxes and some other things should be kept localized . 
  people will have different opinions on what should and what should not be a law . 
  because surely we can at least come together as a country to make decisions ? 
  because cork does not want to be separate from dubin and vice versa . 
  we share common interests and views . 
  things are different here in ireland . 
  i do n't even know what the muslim brotherhood means and people use that word all the time . 
  i 'm 100 % sure their not muslim brotherhood sympathizers either . 
  it has a meaning . 
  you can look it up . 
  i 've used it for what it 's meanign is . 
  i 've heard many others . 
  maybe to you it 's a slogan . 
  to the rest of us it 's a word . 
  i reckon he will be long gone by the time turkey recovers from this mess . 
  although i know little about turkey and it 's only an uneducated guess based on history and what i 've read over the past few days . 
  did you see the `` or '' ? 
  if you irrationally hate islam you can be called an islamophobic ( under the wikipedia definition ) . 
  if you disagree with that definition that 's ok , find another one and update the wikipedia entry . 
  yes , i am talking about islamophobia which defies the original definition for whatever reason . 
  this is what it says on wikipedia anyway , update the entry if you think you 're right . 
  i certainly do n't think all , or even most , muslims are bad people . 
  i do think islam is a very horrible organisation which can lead to violence and hatred . 
  also , to counter your point , there are white muslims in isis . 
  islamophobia is the prejudice , hatred , or bigotry directed against islam and muslims . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamophobia nothing there suggests it 's irrational . 
  islamophobia is the prejudice , hatred , or bigotry directed against islam and muslims . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamophobia nothing there suggests it 's irrational . 
  i doubt turkey will revive from this in my lifetime . 
  good riddance to all the turks who helped make this happen . 
  if young girls getting stabbed is commonplace in france that 's really sad , but i do n't think it 's that bad yet . 
  murders happen daily of course , but criminals shooting other criminals or even domestic killings are much easier to deal with then girls getting stabbed because of their clothing . 
  you mean islamophobic . 
  only retards attribute it to race . 
   but is it the root cause ? 
  fairly not . 
  i know loads of people with problems , none of them are close to killing random people though . 
  a woman and her two daughters getting attacked by a guy with a knife would have been buried ? 
  if something like that happened in ireland there would be major coverage for a good while . 
  if you ca n't see any benifits of joining the eu , or even achieving the goals necessary to join the eu , then you should n't join the eu or even try . 
  but i wish that the turks would see the advantages of doing these things . 
   if you are not wanted for membership , why you struggle for negotiation ? 
  so that you will be wanted for membership ? 
  that 's literally how it works . 
  it has to be mutually beneficial . 
  me neither . 
  i just do n't think we have a capable , incorrupt and balanced system which could make decisions on people 's lives . 
  even though there are some that really do deserve death . 
   i mean i am not even sure if a quick death is a harder punishment than rotting in a prison for 30 years . 
  and yet how many innocents do you let rot in prison for 30 years ? 
  i 'm against the death penalty but in my opinion it 's not as clear cut as some people make it out to be . 
  you could be right there , i agree . 
  although i do n't think things like this would stop it indefinitely . 
  only until correct measures have been put into place to stop mass migration and/or the problems it causes . 
  but yeah that could be decades :(, 
   i think after 40 years turkey 's finally realized they are never getting the eu no matter what lengths they go do i feel it 's actually that turkey has finally realized they are not willing to go the lengths required to join the eu . 
  not that they could n't have went the lengths , just that they did n't . 
  no i 'm saying that the situation in ireland during british occupation is not comparable to the situation in palestine . 
  look how they teach `` killing all jews '' to kids . 
  there was never anything of the likes in ireland . 
  [ palwatch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oram-usqhq&amp;feature=youtu.be ) , real exerpts from palestinian tv . 
  this is not comparable to what happened in ireland . 
  is there any solid evidence of this ? 
  it certainly seems plausible to me but who knows what to believe . 
  but article 50 has n't been evoked . 
  so that obligation only comes into effect after they evoke article 50 . 
  there would never be a decision `` should we leave the uk in limbo '' . 
  but what if the uk continual postpone evoking article 50 ? 
  cyprus ? 
  just cause we 're awesome islands ? 
  those loopholes have been closed and will come into effect in 2017 i believe . 
  apple and the rest will have to pay the 12.5 % from then on . 
  many parts of asia are following suit such as china and japan , but last i heard india has massive population growth . 
  i could be wrong on that though . 
   like you demand . 
  suggest , not demand . 
   but that is a temporary problem which we have to solve in 100 years running out of resources is a temporary problem , altering our ecosystem and climate resulting in food/water shortages or global climate-disasters could become a problem fairly quickly . 
  and currently this is what scientists suggest might happen if we continue the way we do . 
  of course we might , and probably will , develop technologies to overcome these problems we can not know that we will . 
  and even if we do it will likely come at a greater cost and downside to simply having fewer children now . 
   that 's not how we coped previously . 
  what we did was increase the sustainable production of resources ( and also increase population ) . 
  yes with every increase in efficiency we either increased the population or increased the consumption per person . 
  everytime we developed a new agricultural method it was always met with an increase in agricultural production for a larger population . 
  now this needs to change , as while this has worked for us , scientists are now saying that if this continues we will likely be met with conditions that forcefully drop the population due to scarcity of resources . 
   you 're idea that the number of people we can sustain is fixed does not have any historic support . 
  i did n't mean to imply this . 
  i certainly do not think this .
