  should we ban them too ? 
  what about people who are uncomfortable around crosses ? 
  or earings ? 
  or celtic jerseys ? 
  do we need to make the world cushy for everyone or can we all grow up a little and get over ourselves . 
  there 's a difference between wanking your cock and wearing a balaclava . 
  and i can wear a balaclava , i do n't live in germany . 
  never once have i encountered a problem with people wearing balaclavas in public . 
  i just do n't want to live in a world where i have to check with the government that no one will be offended or scared with my outfit every time i leave the house . 
  just so some pussies can feel an inchy bit safer in the street . 
  pfffft what are we kids ? 
  no one else want to be treated like an adult ? 
  oh of course they can . 
  i 'm entitled to disagree , voice that disagreement and hope they change their rules . 
  i feel bad for germany so . 
  here in ireland there is no issues which would lead me to sacrifice my freedom to wear what i like without checking with the government first . 
  good luck . 
  how does it hurt them financially ? 
  they will be forced to accept this . 
  i think it 's better when people are n't forced to accept things as it creates animosity . 
  rather , through education and future generations , i 'd prefer if people choose to change . 
  maybe this is unrealistic . 
  but again i do n't see how banning the burka fixes the real issue of families threatening women with beatings and killings . 
  if that is happening , germany has a big problem on their hands . 
  nope , if the woman is being threatened that 's a problem . 
  do you think banning the burka is going to seriously help a woman who is afraid of being beaten and killed by her family ? 
  do n't you think that 's a problem in and of itself ? 
  again threatening someone with violence is illegal and should be . 
  beating someone and killing someone is illegal and should be . 
  these problems need to be addressed if they are occurring in germany . 
  i do n't think these horrible families are suddenly going to start being nice to women if you ban the burka therefore i do not believe this law is addressing these problems . 
   nobody chooses to wear a burka , ok well this is where we disagree . 
  i have no evidence and i guess neither do you so i suppose the argument ends here . 
  but my guess is there are plenty of women who choose to wear the burka . 
  religion is a powerful thing and can make people choose things that seem bizarre to us . 
  not at all . 
  they have far better freedom of expression though . 
  just look at this thread to see how little people in europe care about protecting expression they disagree with . 
  i can get arrested in germany for making a hand gesture . 
  i 'm not following you at all sorry . 
  i 'm european and i 'm against burkas being banned in public . 
  i 'm also against people wearing burkas and wish they did n't . 
  i just do n't think it should be something enforced by law . 
  education will hopefully mean that future generations of muslim women at least know that they have the choice and that it 's not shameful at all to not wear one . 
  after that if they continue to wear them then surely that 's completely their own choice and my opinion on them is just my opinion . 
  oh no doubt there are advantages to people having their face showing . 
  sure it would be advantages to make everyone go around with a unique registration number on their shirt . 
  some people value freedom over these kind of measures . 
  a bank is a private building and they can apply whatever restrictions they like . 
  so your solution is to tell women they ca n't dress like they want ? 
  if someone chooses to dress in a hijab and you tell them they ca n't , it 's you who are restricting their freedom . 
  they are free to follow their religious customs no matter how weird they seem to us . 
  it 's not just americans . 
  plenty of europeans want to be treated like adults and not told what they can and ca n't wear . 
  i value my freedom to choose my own attire over the benifits of people `` disrupting the community '' by wearing something covering your face . 
  what about halloween ? 
  or balaclavas at winter ? 
  is it wrong to wear these things ? 
  people in europe are fucked when it comes to freedom of expression . 
  banning articles of clothing is fucking childish . 
  i want to be treated like an adult and not told what i can and ca n't wear . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  newgrange ireland . 
  fascinating . 
  older than the pyramids . 
  well i 'd reckon both factors come into play , population being the larger one though . 
  no doubt you are correct . 
  i 'm just saying that most of these measurements are equally `` unfair '' . 
  at the end of the day it 's just fun . 
  a country of 5 million people got far less medals than a country with 300 million . 
  wow , who would have guessed . 
   why not just take data of how many men and how many women are employed are compare ? 
  it shows up on the map better as a percentage . 
   since we do n't really seem to care too much who you are as long as you 're good for the job this statistic does n't neccesarily mean women find it harder to find work , it could just be that women choose to be unemployed more often . 
  likely for family reasons . 
  pfft women better get off their arses and start working :p, 
  yeah americanisation is huge here in ireland . 
  i love that i speak english for a variety of reasons , but i always wish we spoke irish natively . 
  spotify has worked wonders here . 
  before spotify i had n't heard of anyone below 30 buying music , for years . 
  netflix seemed to be taking off but after a while you 've seen everything and it 's no longer worth it . 
  i 'd love to see a spotify type thing for movie/tv . 
  with most nearly everything . 
   russian news may be biased understatement , not only is it definitely biased , so is all media . 
  even this comment is biased so take it with a grain of salt :p, 
  logically yes , we should get the ~ ~ smarter ~ ~ ( more informed ) people we elected to make these decisions . 
  unfortunately the people we elected now hold the interests of corporations and money as much , if not more , than the interests of the people . 
  this means that the diplomatic staff may make the right decision for them , but it wo n't be the right decision for us . 
  i do n't believe that a small amount of community service would be a hindrance to looking for employment . 
  i do n't think that this community service would cause many redundancies but if that 's there are then that is a problem . 
   no one lives solely off of benefits comfortably . 
  key word here is ` comfortably ' . 
  do you think these people are living better lives than employed people ? 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't think that 's a nice way to live . 
  in an ideal world everyone would have as much food , water , security , happiness and shelter as they liked , we do not live in such a world unfortunately . 
  i meant the literal definition of living , i 'm sure many of them are n't ` living the good life ' . 
  i know plenty of people who live off the dole , but yeah they are getting more than 73 pound . 
  why work when the government will fund your life for doing nothing ? 
  there are good answers to this question , just as there are good answers to your question .
