do you think you 're thinking well when you 're biased such way ? 
  should i hate spanish because one group of people stole my bag in madrid ? 
  should i hate every gypsies because some of them aggressive ? 
  should i hate every hungarian , because a lots of them are assholes ? 
  should we send every illegal immigrants back , because some of them are idiots ? 
  i did n't say there is n't problems with them , i just said it 's rare to have problems with them . 
  there is a huge difference . 
  if you 're exposed more frequently to illegal immigrants , of course you 'll experience problems more frequently too . 
  because i 've never seen an aggressive illegal immigrant ? 
  i 've been at keleti at least twice per week in the previous few months , and i did n't perceive aggression . 
  of course on video , but i 've seen people who kill other people on tv , so that does n't matter . 
  even statistics do n't seem bad . 
   illegal way is the easier then i do n't understand why anyone would bother with passports to travel to another country . 
  so , is it easier to cross many borders illegally without passport , than goes to the desired country with papers ( which would be cheaper too ) , and destroy papers there ? 
  yeah , an id would be enough to id them , but crossing the border would be illegal nonetheless . 
  as far as i know illegal immigrants cross borders illegally just because they do n't have passports , which they could n't get at home , because there is no such thing as government there . 
  with passport they could come in as tourists , and just stay here , but they do n't even have the possibility to get one . 
  you 're right , but some questions : why should they stay in turkey ? 
  why should i stay in my home country ? 
  why should n't i move to an arbitrary country ? 
  seriously , i would like to see some competition between countries to keep people . 
  exactly . 
  unfortunately , in hungary there is still no netflix or any similar thing . 
  borrowing a film from google play has almost the same price to watch it in a cinema . 
  if i can use a similar thing ( e.g. 
  popcorn time ) for free , i 'll not pay at least 10 times more than i should in usa . 
  since deezer has been introduced here ( it was the first ) i have n't download even one song illegally . 
  i 've never understand this . 
  why does it matter , how much part of these loans went to pay other loans ? 
  greece has multiple pockets of money . 
  if their own produced money had been used to pay older loans , and these programme 's money had been used to pay other expenses , would that has made a change ? 
   i 'm going to need a source for that . 
  http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/scr/2015/cr15165.pdf this is the same analysis which was released just before the referendum . 
   it 's not as though the sole reason for that was six months under syriza i did n't say six month , i wrote one year . 
  that means not just syriza , but previous government too . 
   greece have followed the structural adjustment program as mandated by the troika for the past five to six years that 's not true . 
  in the past one year greece 's eased on its requested reforms , and now they need debt relief because of that . 
  even imf admits that . 
  i think there are , but that does n't mean anything . 
  if they would be discussed until wednesday , they would contain a lot of mistakes ( after all they 're just proposals ) , so they would be far from perfect . 
  if greece needs to introduce them later , then government can probably fix them , otherwise these reforms would n't make the expected effects . 
  do n't mind me , but i do n't really care how rich or poor you are . 
  there are far more poorer and richer countries than greece . 
  a week ago i 've already mentioned that nobody really cared anymore that greece would introduce austerity measures or not . 
  so the referendum was really pointless , even a yes vote meant nothing . 
  since then it seems that greece 's government has n't put anything worthy down to the table . 
  austerity measures , right now , is just words on a piece of paper without value . 
  of course then you can wonder why some eurozone member wants to force to introduce austerity measures . 
  i do n't really sure , but probably to keep up pretence . 
  i think there would have been other options for greece , but syriza was too egoist , and now it 's too late . 
  nevertheless i hope a good solution will be found out , which is good to everyone . 
  btw , if you want to see huge vat then check hungary , 
  besides that every part of this situation is n't straightforward ( to me at least ) , it 's not against it . 
  maybe chosen style is n't the best , i was terribly tired at the time of writing ( just like now ) , sorry . 
  no , it was n't straightforward . 
  that was a really bad referendum . 
  the question already was n't matter on sunday , so i think nobody really answered to it . 
  there was n't even a good choice , there were only bad . 
  yes vote means something like you agree with eu and greece does n't need debt relief . 
  greece needs relief , so that 's not an option . 
  with ` no ' you risk leaving eu or eurozone , which obviously nobody really wants . 
  they could hold a vote with question with answers without side effects . 
  if they agree on almost the same conditions , i wo n't know why they held it . 
  i think syriza shot itself in the foot with this , only an agreement with debt relief can help to them . 
  if debt relief is n't necessary in short term , then it wo n't necessary to be in this agreement , they will be able to agree on it later too . 
  i think the reason and basic idea behind the lack of fiscal unity in eu and eurozone is that countries with bad behavior can be regulated by requests for money/debt relief/etc . 
  if debt relief is n't important right know , then eu leaders would lost a chance of a new round of negotiations with greece in the future , and a possibility of new requests of reforms which will be needed later , after effects of current , new reforms can clearly be seen . 
  imf also stated in the same report that greece 's governments fucked up again in the past one year . 
  so the stubbornness is n't without reasons . 
  omg . 
  this thread is shit . 
  it 's too actual political in every level , without hard facts , and without sense . 
   its economy was in much better shape than now , its people were fed and most of them had jobs . 
  so why not just introduce socialism ? 
  it will solve all of your problems . 
  i hate this evasive speech . 
  so far : greece owe a lot of money to some other countries . 
  you ca n't pay that money back . 
  what can you give instead of it ? 
  nothing ? 
  maybe a concept ? 
  austerity ? 
  something else ? 
  i have a bad news : nothing is n't acceptable , and with austerity nobody really care , if you ca n't pay the money back because of it . 
  and greece 's already proved , that austerity ca n't work there ( an important question : why ? ) . 
  so maybe greece 's government should try a little harder with the concept , or the something else part , but i 've not heard anything so far , but nothing ( with austerity ) or austerity . 
  and this vote wo n't help that either . 
  seriously , i do n't really care about greeks anymore . 
  i cared , but these pitty shit debates got lost my interest . 
  i care about the future of eu and euro , but not greece . 
  and unfortunately their bad choices the cause of this , and the same bad voters should solve this . 
   i know they will go other places , but they will cause problems as they move through . 
  both are issues . 
  crime will rise wherever their path is , and it will rise substantionally wherever they stay if you talk about immigrants in general , then that 's not true . 
  that problem does n't exist everywhere . 
  so my question is : why is there lower crime rate among immigrants compared to non-immigrants in usa , and why is there the opposite in europe ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  we need to solve our immigration problem , and i think we ca n't stop illegal immigration , it exists since the beginning of time . 
  we can just make it acceptable to host countries and easier , less problematic for immigrants . 
  what kind of solution do you think of ?
