austrians are germans , too , they ca n't 1-up us . 
  it really is n't , though , your politicians are nuts . 
  to be fair , so are your people in general . 
  bayern bleibt fest in preu\u00dfischer hand , you can help us reclaim the ostmark . 
  the french attempts to wipe out the german alsacian culture have unfortunately seen some success . 
  it 's so fitting , too . 
  bremen obviously is the most important city of sealand and should therefore be named capital . 
  i think it 's definitely lust for gold in this case . 
  also germans . 
  the dutch are german , though . 
  exactly . 
  we are right on top of the list , fellow countryman . 
  the monarchy is meaningless , they can crown anyone they want . 
  11 months ago , so i ca n't correct them on kopernikus being german . 
  weird , the baltic countries see themselves as the successors of the pagan babarians instead of the christian order ? 
  cute . 
  or you could all join germany to form an empire that will last ~ ~ a thousand years ~ ~ a long time . 
  not that ridiculous honestly . 
  if the public opinion in the anglo-saxon countries would have shifted towards germany after britains crushing defeat on the western front they would 've signed a peace treaty with germany . 
  in that case germany would 've conquered europe unhindered . 
  the germans would have easily conquered moscow without britain and us aid . 
  if they would have conquered moscow the communication and fighting will of the soviets would have broken down and the third reich would have conquered the world . 
  thankfully that was n't the case . 
  the austrians just ca n't be left alone . 
  they need to governed under the just rule of the northern germans . 
  the storage tech is already viable , we just have to be willing to implement it . 
  we are n't at all dependant on nuclear energy , we have enough alternatives already , building new nuclear power plants instead of tidal power plants , wind turbines , etc. 
  would be madness . 
  amen, 
  the hrrdn , the predecessor of the german empire , existed since 962 , which makes germany older than austria . 
  austria is a part of germany anyway , though , which makes this discussion kind of pointless , * br\u00fcderchen * . 
  which is why the netherlands should be reintegrated in due time . 
  69 years last time i checked . 
  ours is definitely older . 
  everyone knows that d\u00e4nemark is really german anyway . 
  germany was the cradle of science and culture , hitler and the people who elected and supported him have destroyed that for the entire world . 
  eh , we will simply march into the south and found neu bremen on the ashes of m\u00fcnchen . 
  eh , the polish , hungarian , portuguese , etc. 
  people paid that investment back threefold by opening their markets for our corporations , nothing to see here . 
  turkey cut out , op is a true slav . 
  northern eu only without england !, 
  is gastarbeiter actually a word used outside of germany ? 
  how dare you insult the fatherland !, 
  i think that this whole discussion is silly and pointless , it should be obvious to everyone who is rationally thinking about this issue , that macedonia , just as greece , clearly belongs to germany , as it was the last world power to control the territory . 
  for better or worse , such a tv spot will never be aired in the federal republic . 
  that you joined the axis after being beaten by germans and hungarians . 
  right after the italians . 
  was ? 
  * heretics . 
  and fuck off from the soil of the country they live in . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/profits-versus-wages first fucking google hit . 
  now please inform yourself and leave me alone . 
  the fact that you consider that to be enough is astonishing . 
  the wages not rising faster than inflation is an absolute outrage . 
  i really think you should get more into the matter before you spout baseless propaganda . 
  it is n't about the definition of economic growth , in fact it is n't about economic growth at all . 
  everywhere in the western world wages are stagnating or being cut to benefit the richest of our society , increasing profit margins for stakeholders but in the end being highly detrimental to our economy in the long run and to our society in general . 
  all the russian-germans i 've met here were good and hard-working people and i 've not experienced any kind of xenophobia from them , even though they were clearly working-class people . 
  nonetheless , i did see that there is an increase of nationalistic and imperialistic propaganda in the russian media . 
  it shocked me , especially compared to the german media , which almost seems humble in comparison . 
  that is why coal power plants need to be shut down as soon as possible . 
  and they need to be replaced by sustainable energy sources , not nuclear power plants . 
  the french are german , too . 
  back to 732 to help karl martell push the arabs out of the german land !, 
  because nearly every single one of them gets away with a large paycheck in the end . 
  they do n't give a fuck about their countries . 
  the holy roman empire of european nation . 
  there are high-quality watches being produced elsewhere . 
  abb will be less competitive and thus get less contracts . 
  swiss products are highly valued but replaceable . 
  that may be the practice in very few selected businesses , but in the vast majority being able to speak english is optional . 
  on the other hand it required you to be british , so i 'd say it 's the worst one . 
  just leave the country , you 're an eu citizen . 
  then we come to the rescue and annex you . 
  why would they google in english ? 
  germany 's economical relevance being unrivaled in europe is a major reason why they seemingly keep getting away with it , though . 
  wage dumping is prevalent everywhere in the west nowadays , but of the central european countries the german government seems to be the only to actually gain popularity because of it . 
  the german government happens to be the most powerful one in europe , thus being the first contact-point for lobbyists . 
  it could and would have been another government if there was a more influencial one . 
  germany did n't use shit . 
  capitalists did . 
  because germans , austrians and most swiss are actually all german with minor differences . 
  it definitely does , we affect evolution of certain species hugely . 
  just take a look at dogs . 
  the problem with your opinion is not that you are the only one having it , the problem is that what you have stated so far is entirely unreasonable and that you are unwilling to bring forward arguments in favour of your opinion . 
  instead you try to undermine your counterpart 's position by accusing him of ignorance which raises further questions about the legitimacy of your concerns . 
  then i 'm sorry for spreading misinformation . 
  nonetheless , the media from the uk always struck me as a lot more right-wing than what i 'm used to . 
  germany fought a war against the soviet union ( russia ) , france and the usa in both wars , all much more powerful than the uk , the uk was only a junior partner in the world wars . 
  winning aerial warfare on their own soil against a country that had to draft a large army is impressive , but hardly indicative that the uk was on eye level with germany . 
  the uk got beaten in africa , only us troops turned the balance . 
  you will give them back after two weeks . 
  maybe you should try and look out for other sources of information than what you are forcefed by murdoch in the uk . 
  in all honesty , we learned the usa 's language , not yours . 
  if they 'd speak swahili then guess what would be taught in german schools ? 
  the only reason the uk did n't get pushed over by germany twice is because there is water in between those countries . 
  the uk was never as powerful as germany was in the early 20th century and i highly doubt that even people in the uk would argue that . 
  as far as i know the uk is the only european country where murdoch almost has a monopoly over the press . 
  that is probably the reason . 
  my saterlandian heritage confirms this .
