  my grandmother always said the christkind brought the gifts . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  patriotism is n't going to solve any of europe 's problems and the german media exploits it for propaganda purposes . 
  hardly an issue for a couple in my opinion . 
  it 's not a good argument in a developed democracy either . 
  if there are reasons for a large number of people to protest then the government is failing . 
  even when they got voted into office by different people from those who are protesting . 
  a democracy which does n't take minorities into consideration is not functioning . 
  the fuel may not cost quite that much but the disposal of the waste is incredibly expensive . 
  the energy companies do n't have to pay for that , though , so they are very interested in keeping the nuclear power plants running . 
  renewable energy is cheaper in the long term and more sustainable . 
  there is absolutely no need to build new nuclear power plants anywhere . 
  especially in a small country like germany a nuclear gau would lead to a massive devastation of an inhabitated zone . 
  it definitely is n't worth the risk to build new nuclear power plants , especially with safer and cheaper options at hand . 
  nuclear energy is in the first place extremely expensive . 
  the nuclear waste does n't dispose itself and as of now there is no ultimate disposal zone in sight . 
  well if they all learn german ... 
  well , then why do n't you learn german and come over here ? 
  it is n't 1960 , nobody is stopping you . 
  holy shit , you are a dumbass . 
  only that germany having a `` good economy '' is unfortunately bullshit . 
  the wages have been going down or stagnated for a decade now . 
  and schr\u00f6der is partially at fault . 
  or it will or has already saved the entire german infrastructure . 
  one mistake is enough to set us back a dozen of years . 
  nuclear power is not the future and the german way is certainly the right one in my opinion . 
  silly islandmonkeys , everyone knows that you do n't do anything outside of your small refuge . 
  i 'm not racist by any means but those fucking niggers , i tell ya , folks !, 
  i actually think that it is inevitable . 
  all austrians are german . 
  but beethoven was even more german than that . 
  nope . 
   europe nukes middle east ... what ? 
  wow , you are actually trying to justify starting a war in retaliation to a terrorist attack . 
  in a country which was n't involved and did n't even host the terrorists at the time . 
  only legitimate asylum seekers will be accepted in germany , everyone else will be sent home . 
  i doubt germans feel guilty any longer , but we do feel able and responsible to help those in need . 
  instead of warmongering under the guise of protectionist politics we are trying not to get involved in other countries affairs and only intervene where we can be of use . 
  the anglo-saxon countries should take notes , many wars would have never taken place without their protectionist foreign policy . 
  encouraged by anglo-saxon aggression in the middle-east . 
  germany carries the can for anglo-saxon imperialism . 
  hopefully this debacle will atleast end this unequal relationship once and for all . 
  i am much in favour of the uk leaving the eu and hope that they will not return afterwards . 
  if they want to stay in germany long term , they will have to . 
  most of todays poland was german before the soviets deported the germans after wwii to make space for the polish that they in turn deported from which was previously poland . 
  it also seems awfully close to the german word `` pisse '' which means piss and could surely be used to describe finnish beer . 
  atat\u00fcrk was very progressive . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the western cultures had the by far largest influence on the technological progression of mankind in modern times . 
  maybe not norway , but it is definitely comparable to knowing the states of germany . 
  it is n't . 
  because they are n't inherently but only incidentally unable to reproduce . 
  actually there is a very simple and very good reason why people of the same sex should not be able to marry each other . 
  they are inherently unable to reproduce and the reason marriage exists as a state-aided institution is to promote families and population growth . 
  there is no reason why people of the same sex should be able to marry and merkel is right not to promote it . 
  austria is inherently different to all other german states and in no way comparable to bavaria , hessia or saxony !, 
  time to fuck over greece once more . 
  german and anglo-saxon capitalists will be happy to get their greedy hands on greek assets for a pittance . 
  atleast this seems to be the most likely result . 
  i 'd sign that petition . 
  beethoven is ours , you have hitler instead , we settled this already . 
  oh yeah , please fuck off already . 
   do not talk about money . 
  never ask someone about their salary . 
  they will get extremly uncomfortable and you will not get a precise answer anyway . 
  not my experience at all . 
  you belong to us . 
  you are mistaken , i 'm not a prussian but an oldenburger who is a descendant of frisian families of rural origin , my grandparents spoke low german and some sater-frisian and many of my kin still do and teach their children likewise . 
  regardless , while i am aware and proud of my origins and consider my social and cultural heritage to be integral to my character and personality i still intellectually reject the notion of linguistic diversification , as i fear that it only serves to provide a fertile soil for further detachment and fearmongering on the basis of petty politics . 
  this holds especially true on the european theatre which has recently seen a renewed rise of nationalistic tendencies in all member states of the union , putting even more emphasis on trivial distinctions can only feed the looming menace of european dissociation , and as much i respect mine and others cultural peculiarities , i do believe that their preservation is neither a matter of great significance nor much of use and it should n't be treated as such . 
  why ? 
  in my opinion we should strive towards extinguishing minor languages in favour of one overarching language that everyone speaks fluently . 
  dialects in german give me headaches . 
  scratch that , we will take them . 
  no french or swamp-german will be spoken , though . 
  * he was german because austria is german . 
  i highly doubt that potential is the primary quality taken into consideration when selecting the candidates , wealth is certain to be of similar importance . 
  they see that they can steal it , so they do . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  he was called karl , not charles . 
  the current problem our countries have with the huge amount of asylum seekers does n't really have much to do with the conflict in syria , especially not in swedens case . 
  the solution is simple , close the borders and stop the flow of illegal immigrants into our countries . 
  i agree that the european countries should have made much more of an effort to aid the refugee camps in the middle east and should have pressured israel to build refugee camps aswell . 
  that would n't have stopped the asylum seekers and illegal immigrants from coming to sweden , though . 
  only a vast minority of those who apply for asylum in sweden are verifyably syrian , anyway . 
  yeah , if sweden and germany would n't have such a retarted asylum policy then there would n't even be a problem in the first place . 
  this is way too accurate . 
  arminius alive in france, 
  that 's why we need to prevent immigrants from poorer countries from coming . 
  95 % of the illegal immigrants will never benefit the german society . 
  their immigration will have direct consequences for our social welfare programs and our social cohesion . 
  we do n't need the illegal immigrants . 
  we ca n't even use the illegal immigrants in any meaningful way . 
  they will only be useful for the corporations since they will further increase competition in the lower-wage sector which is already heavily subsidized . 
  germany does n't need more people . 
  but the german society wo n't even suffer the most : it will be the illegal immigrants themselves , as they lack any perspective to ever be part of the working german society , they will never be content in germany , they will segregate themselves . 
  in syria these people are needed , especially young men . 
  after the war the country will have to be rebuilt . 
  but many of the young men will be unemployed petty criminals here in germany instead , they will have resigned themselves to be lower-class citizens in an advanced society instead of returning to their homeland , in the hope that they will due to some circumstance make their breakthrough here . 
  which for most of them will never be the case . 
  we are doing a massive disservice to everyone involved by not closing our borders and not using the funds we now waste on the illegal immigrants on refugees in the middle-east and all over the world .
