  i wish i could express how amazing their services are http://www.rcs-rds.ro/ and for less money than i want to give them . 
  i literally want to give them more . 
  luckily they are expanding into energy production and distribution and i 'm waiting for that like others are waiting for google fiber . 
  :d edit : actually i have a list of all the services i pay just 23euro / month for . 
  1000mbps download , 200mbps upload , unlimited traffic , free custody of optical fiber modem , optic fiber cable to living-room , free installation , free mobile internet ( you get a usb modem for mobile internet for free ) digi wi-fi for free digi online ( free tv online , most stations , as many different devices as you own / want , comp , tablets , phones , etc ) digi play ( free romanian netflix , as many different devices as you own / want , comp , tablets , phones , etc ) digi storage , 50gb for free ( 1gbps/200mbps speeds ) hd tv , free equipment and free installation digi mobile , 4g 150mbps speeds , 15gb free mobile traffic , unlimited free calls to all national networks , unlimited free calls to the top network of any country in the world mobile phones paid in installments ; no interest . 
  digi oriunde ( free internet to mobile number calls to romania from anywhere in the world , no roaming ) free online management / payment for all services, 
  as a romanian , already sitting on 1gbps at 10euro / month , i trust my isp enough to know that this wont affect me at all . 
  in fact , i trust them so much that i 've gotten some services from them , just to pay them more money so they can continue growing . 
  v4 can be incoherent on russia , but coherent internally inside the eu . 
  call it 21st century political norm if you want . 
  to me one thing is clear . 
  we must either find a way to suppress the self-destructing tendencies of countries like germany and sweden or , leave the eu entirely if we fail . 
  the issue is not muslim immigration , they could be martian refugees , the problem would still exist . 
  putin is not wrong when he says the west is decadent . 
  and decadent in this context does n't mean , lacking in morals or falling appart . 
  ** the west is decadent because it has lost faith in its ' own righteousness . 
  ** the fact that i can be forbidden from claiming on this sub that the current state of one culture / society is superior to another , is a symptom of that . 
  and this has nothing to do with any specific religion . 
  the only thing we should care about is the betterment and advancement of human civilization to the detriment and destruction of all dogmas , beliefs , norms , habbits and religions which hold us back and we should take no hostages ( metaphorically speaking ) . 
  that is why , there should be a hard-line on immigrants . 
  not because anyone has anything against people of different cultures or backgrounds , but because our values and way of life are non-negotiable and reversing our progress on issues like womens ' rights is un-acceptable and intolerable . 
  all countries have a foreign policy which goes beyond simply which party or leader is in power . 
  especially in international relations and foreign policy most actions or inactions are calculated thoroughly by advisers who specialize in the subject matter . 
  not even in rusia , is putin the sole , actual decider . 
  all in all this result is still a positive one as far as the eu goes because the time is coming to finally decide , once and for all if we can be a federal state or not . 
  i look forward to a strong v4 to counter-balance merkel . 
  a v4 more countries can contribute to , slovenia , croatia , serbia , romania , bulgaria etc. . . as far as the eu and its ' internal and foreign policy go , in my opinion we need more eastern european leadership from countries and people who do n't suffer from ww2 or colonial guilt . 
  a strong europe , confident in its ' identity and values , with a coherent foreign policy can help to stabilize surrounding regions more than a motherly europe , unsure of herself , always apologetic and always thinking it owes prosperity to others , other than her own . 
  so they can do what exactly ? 
  what jobs are there left for people who have no qualifications and barely speak english ; nevermind german or french . 
  it 's legal . 
  that moment when your government risks the future of the country to provide welfare for foreign people who make some 0.00001 % of the total number of people in the world living in poverty . 
  raising the rent/taxes/living costs for the local population while the same money could provide for x4 the amount of people in their countries of origin . 
  moreover giving welfare to precisely the ones who can already afford to pay traffickers thousands of euros to travel 6000km all the way to the north of fucking europe ; and , fuck those who ca n't afford it , right ? 
  well done , idiots . 
  agreed ... 
  i would rather not shake up europe , or the eu . 
  i would rather just shake up merkel or see her gone . 
  [ group photo of the 3 pms ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qxqnomo.jpg ) looks like a lesser version of the v4 ... 
  bleak . 
  is the word you 're looking for . 
  the summer of george, 
  uuu , demands , does it ?!, 
  that 's a big word coming from someone so weak that he/she will deny his own culture . 
  no , i mean what my salary would be in london , oslo or berlin and how much of it would go towards taxes , rent , living , car , etc i am referring to me personally . 
  i 'll have peace on those terms !, 
  the king in the north , * of budapest * ... as a romanian , just saying that makes my skin crawl but if orban gets more power at the level of the eu , can he really be any worse than merkel ? 
  i 'm not going to research german constitution to win an argument on the internet . 
  i have better things to do with my life . 
  but if you want to go there , romanian constitution explicitly forbids relocation of foreign populations , in mass , on the romanian territory . 
  ** explicitly this exact situation . 
  ** and nobody asked us a damn thing . 
  that 's just another way in which the eu / western europe is fucking up eastern europe without bothering to pay for it through fiscal redistribution . 
  it 's just another reason to fucking hate western politicians . 
  you are not winning any arguments by pointing that out . 
  you 'd be surprised how many portuguese move to work and live in romania . 
  check r/romania and see them asking for details for relocation . 
  with factual , verifiable numbers . 
  as a programmer myself , i 've done the numbers , several times , both for uk , germany and norway and the numbers come up better here . 
  i think he was speaking the truth on this one . 
  i see roma , as romanian citizens and if they want to be romanian . 
  i have no problem to think of them as romanian . 
  he 's not very bright ... 
  you 're like a little robot just repeating , using the same wording as our incompetent politicians . 
  i have posted too many comments today . 
  i need to stop . 
  lost it , she has . 
  `` the west '' is to blame if we do or do n't ; if we take them or do n't take them . 
  if we go to war we 're invaders , if we do n't we 're monsters for tolerating dictators . 
  make up your god damn mind already . 
  if we help * them * industrialize we 're hurting their culture and way of life ; if we do n't we 're to blame for being `` rich '' and using up resources while they ca n't produce enough to feed their unsustainable population growth . 
  damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  oh and 1gbps internet for 10 $ / month . 
  still not interested ? 
  crime rates low enough that i do n't need to lock my front door at night in the 2nd largest city . 
  you 'd be surprised ; just check some of my other comments around here . 
  i have a small business here and i pay just 3 % tax on income . 
  cool , but how did that `` first safe country of entrance '' thing go again ?!, 
  by all means , if any of the countries surrounding romania become unstable and slide into civil war , we will take as many refugees as possible . 
  ** but , that is not the case . 
  let them all go to merkel . 
  stop stalking me dude . 
  aww , thanks , but i 'm sure you would too if you were in schengen ... : d it 's not important though ; what really bothers me is the attitude and the hypocrisy . 
  it 's not just romania ; it 's everyone east of berlin / vienna that merkel ( and it seems you too ) will alienate by behaving this way . 
  you know too little about romania . 
  we 're now less corrupt than italy , greece . 
  unemployment in transilvania is ~ 3-4 % economic growth is projected conservatively to reach 3.8 % in the coming 3-4 years . 
  the us will back romania and poland for as long as the kremlin has imperialistic ambitions . 
  but it is actually pocket change ... 
  especially when frau merkel wants to rule the eu as a federal state even though we did n't vote for her . 
  at sea you do n't need to go below 0 to be really cold . 
  moisture , salinity and strong winds do the job . 
  officially it 's germany , france , sweden and holland . 
  but unofficially , we would be in if it were not for germany alone . 
  the `` unofficially '' bit is a hint from the pm . 
  on the contrary . 
  the us needs both romania and poland . 
  you should check your understanding of geo-politics a bit more as the us does not want germany to get in bed with russia . 
  `` billions '' , is a very small amount of money , all things considered . 
  edit , it is actually just 3-5 bln / year .
