  for small skirmishes , yes ; i imagine there will be some council of heads of states who will sit in a room and watch shit unfold on a large screen tv . 
  but for large deployments , democracies always take a long time to get going , you know that . 
  romanians and bulgarians , obviously . 
  an eu military should be able to do that for which europeans agree . 
  however difficult it is to reach an agreement . 
  it 's better than nothing . 
  7000 this month . 
  where is solidarity on schengen my friend ? 
  he only thinks that for the later part of the century . 
  lol, 
  i think both . 
  he does at one point say that `` i do n't know if france is better off with a larger population '' . 
  he is jewish himself so he might have some bias . 
  but you have to admit it 's impossible to go against a country when 10 % of your population is the same ethnicity . 
  i know i know , i meant this week or month . 
  jesus , dont you read any other threads where i 've posted today ? 
  we 're in agreement , calm down . 
  holy crap , frau merkel , what have you gotten yourself into . 
  i 'd say east - west political divide is quite serious on this issue . 
  i can never remember any jokes . 
  frau merkel is going shopping . 
  because without an actual military and military intervention , there is no end to how many countries might become destabilized and how many refugees we might see this century . 
  we need to act like a regional power . 
  soft-power only works when you actually have some diplomatic channels . 
  in other situations only boots on the ground work . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  poland wants to be a pawn . 
  yes , seeing , sorry , i 'm on mobile . 
  yes , you 're right , but that number is in reality very small . 
  even gypsies do n't have the language skills or understanding of eu law to know that they could get free money . 
  but , of course , they have no business applying for welfare there immediately after arriving . 
  that 's completely understandable . 
  lol . 
  no way , nobody is seeing that money again , lol . 
  edit : seeing, 
  romanians already died in afghanistan and iraq . 
  there was no fallout . 
  we are there because our partners need us and that 's that . 
  i do n't mind if they shut down welfare . 
  it 's a non issue because very few eastern europeans actually abuse it . 
  eastern europe would definitely like some military equipment . 
  you have to understand that eastern european states are like a ex wives of a formerly abusive drunk husband . 
  they 're looking for boyfriends who can protect them should the drunken husband return . 
  and they will only date muscular guys now ... 
  it 's make or break time for the eu . 
  i personally believe germany is just too powerful for the eu to collapse . 
  i 'm really curious how she 's going to pull everything together when shit is cracking and tearing and dislocating in multiple places . 
  the wind in her sails in the incredibly low price of natural resources and the weaker euro which is great for exports . 
  germany will see so much industrial output in the coming decade it will break record after record . 
  actually if you read the article , she just wants permission from britain for a continental eu army . 
  you do n't have to join . 
  if you leave she gets the eu army anyway though . 
  it 's a good card she is playing , this . 
  hands down , a good card . 
  eastern europe is for a eu army but i do n't think forcing the uk to join it is the way to go . 
  now this is more like it . 
  i do n't think we should force britain with regard to the eu army but we definitely need a eu army . 
  provided we have proper eu democracy too , not just merkel imposing her views . 
  that 's fine . 
  you stay where your are please . 
  then romania will leave the union together with v4 . 
  we 're not all right wing extremists . 
  i 'm neither far right not far left , i 'm just an average software engineer who had had enough . 
  if you do n't want to return that 's your choice . 
  watch the video about integration into german society . 
  no thank you . 
  we 'd rather leave . 
  this is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard . 
  they are not refugees they are now economic migrants . 
  they 're at the arctic circle for crying out loud . 
  nah , it will just hop across the border to your country . 
  i hope so , i do n't wish the russian people any harm . 
  i completely understand your position . 
  westerners do n't unfortunately : /, 
  yup . 
  i was beginning to think that extremely-pro or extremely-anti were the only acceptable positions with regard to muslim integration . 
   with a small `` anti-nazi announcement '' . 
  i think it 's as dysfunctional as any democracy ... just look at your own congress ... 
  yes , but before that it was the russia that was `` coming to the west '' to join the club as a western nation . 
  how old are you ? 
  : p that has completely changed now . 
  you do n't remember the big reset button of us and russia relations ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_russia#/media/file:2012_russia_products_export_treemap.png https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_exports_of_russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/growth_of_photovoltaics i do n't want them to but ... 
  the us does n't want to pay for the security of europe anymore ; they are waiting for germany and france and the lot of the them start putting their armies together and start acting like a regional power . 
  moreover , russia seems to be far weaker than friedman initially estimated so perhaps the us is n't as concerned and not rushing with plans of supporting poland . 
  there 's another way poland , v4 , eastern europe can see great times . 
  and that is precisely all this unchecked muslim-only immigration , if western societies fail to integrate them and there is social unrest , their own industry will move east . 
  western europe should have taken immigrants of all cultures , including south american and east asian ; that would have been easier to integrate , look at canada . 
   polands government has proven time and time again that they ca n't make right decisions . 
  could you give some examples ? 
  build a small regional power takes decades . 
  south korea did n't become what it is today , over night . 
  but look at it this way , if he 's right , you have 40 million ukrainians ( workers ) next door and your industrial output will explode . 
  the germans just agreed on the new pipelines with russia . 
  give it some time . 
  russia stopped being a super power after the collapse of the ussr , it lost control of poland , romania , the baltic states , what are you talking about ? 
  it has returned as a regional power with its ' incursion into georgia and ukraine . 
  no , he specifically says it will not return as a super-power but will collapse as a nation ( due to corruption , the lack of industry and the phasing out of oil and gas worldwide ) , further into smaller states . 
  you should bother ; he is quite spot on . 
  austria is made of quotas .
