  calm down . 
  a small % of our own gdp and a tiny % of the gdp of germany , france , etc. . . 
  so winter / cold did nothing to ease the flow ? 
  from the article : * the plans will not apply to the uk as it is not part of the eu 's passport-free schengen zone and has opted out of eu asylum policy , saying it will not take part in any proposed european refugee-sharing schemes . 
  * ** neither are romania and bulgaria part of schengen , mainly because of merkel . 
  ** what an incredibly disgusting double-standard against the poorer states , even . 
  breath-taking hypocrisy . 
  only briefly , a year ; and i did so legally only when i had a job waiting for me . 
  an industrial powerhouse addicted to exporting who 's quality of life and prosperity would decline considerably if import / export taxes actually came back . 
  they are addicted to selling to the rest of us . 
  they should not be the ones shifting their weight around and imposing their will . 
  their politicians care far more about their own exports than they care about the prosperity and fixing income inequality at the level of the eu . 
  and under these circumstances they should not be allowed to impose their will at the level of the eu , as long as they do n't have the interest of the entire eu at heart . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnqpibib8o4 would you want to live here ? 
  my parents did and we changed the country for the better . 
  these 80 % men should stay in their own countries and fight for a secular state , free from religious non-sense and they should fight to impose western values and peace , if that 's what they really want . 
  but i have a feeling they just want prosperity without any of the above . 
  you need the eu far more than the rest of us need germany . 
  the only thing you achieve is to prove further how bad your immigration policy is . 
  and ? 
  you have no idea how many foreign it workers move to romania . 
  highest number of it workers per capita in the eu . 
  and it 's not 1.5 , the real number is closer to 4 million . 
  legal and hard-working . 
  not welfare shoppers who barely speak english , only 20 % of whom are syrians . 
  i thought the same when the corrupt , ex-communists came to power in romania ... our prime minister is under trial for corruption changes , right now as he governs the country . 
  still , their fuck-ups did little to hurt our growth . 
  they could n't even if they tried . 
  poland and romania are crucial for us interests in the region , along with a number of other countries . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  if you take into account how much money we send to france and germany when we buy your products , or how much we lost because of brain drain , the 4-5 bln/year we get from the eu is far too little . 
  false . 
  but even if it were so , i do n't care anymore . 
  you must feel pretty smug writing a comment like that ... worry not , with just 3 % unemployment and 4 % economic growth , we 're good here in transilvania and romania as a whole . 
  good or bad , those are german citizens and they have a constitutional right to be in germany . 
  that 's it . 
  i do n't just hope so . 
  i will vote so . 
  ah , but these illegal immigrants are being let in by the millions while we 're still denied schengen ... 
  anyway , we have nothing further to discuss . 
  smash the eu to pieces !, 
  i want sovereignty over the quality of the immigrants i take into my home . 
  i want mostly university graduates ( but qualified worker or not , he should have a job waiting for him when he arrives and should at least , speak english ) , preferably atheists , with verifiable criminal records , 50 % women and 50 % men from anywhere in the world . 
  that 's my criteria . 
  not 80 % male and 12 % univ. 
  and it 's my democratic right to vote for that . 
  i know , with regard to schengen , is n't it ridiculous that the same country/countries that imposes immigrants on us , also opposes our schengen right ? 
  i 've gone from appreciating merkel to really hating her within the span of a few months . 
  how about we begin importing quality people into europe instead of whoever will come and jump over some fences demanding welfare ? 
  as a romanian i hope pis win by a considerable margin because we need polish leadership in europe . 
  i 've had enough of merkel . 
  i see this as the end of the eu , if merkel really pushes for it . 
  does n't surprise me one bit . 
  i changed my mind with regard to the eu as well . 
  irrelevant since it 's german politicians at the national level who hold and use the power , certainly not the elected eu officials . 
  the eu is nothing more but a puppet . 
  merkel and hollande `` negotiate '' behind the scenes and the eu is currently merely a facade to show that we work in unison . 
  since i can not vote against merkel or hollande , we do not live in a democracy . 
  right , because 100 % of germans vote exactly the same way . 
  logic ; use it if you 've got it . 
  hey , we feel the same way about schengen :d, 
  romania 's great benefactor is the us , by leaps and bounds ; not in terms of money , but in terms of security and stability , and you ca n't have economic growth without those 2 things . 
  until recently , the eu was little more than a shy partner for the us . 
  bottom line is . 
  if the most powerful politicians in the eu want to play as rules of a federal state , let us have schengen , let us have fiscal redistribution and income inequality of no more than 100 % ( the average wage in the richest country should not be more than double that of the poorest country ) , as well as more direct elections . 
  as it stands now , votes from rich countries matter more than votes from poorer ones . 
  still better because the west is generally richer than russia and because belarus is still a corrupt , rotten dictatorship . 
  but , being coherent did pay off , as it is still close to romanian gdp per capita . 
  as opposed to moldova and ukraine . 
  albeit , belarus probably never had a choice , as romania did , to begin with . 
  it was probably , always a choice between a fate similar to ukraine , or a complete turn towards the kremlin . 
  moreover , in the coming 5-10 years romania will overtake belarus , considerably , and then you 'll be able to point your finger and you 'll be right . 
  lets not forget that ukraine did eventually make a clear choice towards the west . 
  and we can argue if the west did enough to help ukraine get free from kremlin influence or we can have a discussion about what we should do in the coming years , because we are responsible for them . 
  if you meet a pretty girl with an abusive boyfriend and you take her out on a few dates , and she finally decides to break up with him and come live with you , do you just change your mind when he comes looking for a fight ? 
  that 's not very manly . 
  and he can drunkenly grab her and shout at her , `` see ? 
  i told you this guy was a pussy . 
  he ca n't even stand up for you '' . 
  i mean , it would be hilarious just how similar the situation is , except for the fact that the livelihoods of millions of people are at stake . 
  adjust for population size . 
  the story of ukraine is one of indecision , corruption and kremlin interests . 
  same as moldova . 
  the only difference is that romania made a clear choice and had us backing in making that choice . 
  belarus made a clear choice too . 
  towards kremlin and it is considerably better off than ukraine or moldova , even under a dictatorship . 
  the key is to be coherent and determined with regard to foreign policy , as opposed to perpetually undecided . 
  i appreciate your reply and opinion , but could you disagree with me without calling me `` full of bullshit '' ? 
  please . 
  not at all . 
  that 's just a badly written title . 
  it was germany who fiercely opposed and france who took it off the agenda to protect the status since a negative vote would mean we need to re-start the entire procedure . 
  i find myself in agreement as well , although i do still believe the eu would work as a federal state , if it was not grossly miss-used , still , it does seem rather unlikely that we will actually get there . 
  however , i most certainly do not want to go back to a state of affairs where european countries are fierce rivals and i do not want to risk any armed conflict in europe , ever again ; i love you guys , i love your different languages , and everything that comes with being able to travel without borders . 
  hence my reluctance to vote for anything far-right-ish . 
  although , i am a little worried for the german economy if trade barriers and import taxes should ever go up again ; you would n't believe how many products we buy here are made in germany , as i 've come to notice once i actually paid attention . 
  i 'm not that worried for eastern europe since being at the bottom means the only way to go is up , especially now that we 're doing away with corruption . 
  the mere 4-5 bln euro / year we get from the eu is an increasingly smaller % of gdp , year on year , and it 's certainly not enough to give up democracy over . 
  tell me , why is it that we just need a qualified majority for imposed , forced immigration but we need unanimity for schengen membership ? 
  and that the same countries that impose , also oppose ?
