   germany said * merkel said * i do n't trust that lady anymore . 
  as i see it , there are 2 reasons why she said that . 
  either : 1 . 
  she said it because her popularity declined and afd rose in the polls but she does n't mean it . 
  her government came to the conclusion that it 's nearly impossible to integrate most of the new people into the work-force . 
  because whichever way you turn it , germany needs more workers . 
  it needs people and there is absolutely no good reason to send the syrians back . 
  for a country which puts money and corporations way above national identity it does n't make sense to send them back , if they can integrate into the work-force . 
  dude . 
  is it polish or german press which self-censors on the topic of `` refugee '' crimes ? 
  is it pis or merkel working with facebook to delete any anti- `` refugee '' posts ? 
  how can you claim poland is more censoring than germany for the love of god ? 
  you currently have favorable terms with the us which pays for your national security , controls the seas of the world and thus a giant chunk of all international trade and allows you to export freely . 
  and that 's the only reason you can now afford to claim that you do n't care . 
  things change . 
  i think poles would be ok with paying to secure the borders . 
  which is what italy wants too . 
  if most germans think like you , i am not surprised the eu is failing ... as i tried to explain to you in several comments in this thread , you need a common european identity . 
  in the same way that i as a romanian living in transilvania am ok with paying taxes which go predominantly in moldova or in poor regions , because we are all romanian , the dutch should be ok with some of their taxes going into poorer regions because we are all european , in the same way americans are american and not just iowan or californian . 
  this is the only way to a federal europe and to get there , whether you like it or not , you need some european nationalism . 
  just the promise of perpetually living a good life wont do because sooner or later you have some crisis which tests your unity . 
  edit : and if the people of europe felt that the eu is worth the effort because of european nationalism and not because we were promised perpetual good lives , at some point when someone inevitably fucks up the common view should be : * `` god damn idiots greeks fucked up , i ca n't believe how stupid and corrupt they are , let 's make sure this never happens again but lets also make sure that they do n't get to 25 % unemployment because we 're all europeans and we just ca n't let that happen '' *, 
  it 's not that i changed my mind , i still hope to change the mind of others . 
   and greece got billions of euros from germany . 
  greece gets money so it can pay back german , french , italian and british banks . 
  those money just change hands for the sake of appearances . 
   i think about greece the same as about vw . 
  both fucked up horribly and both get some help . 
  the parallel between vw and greece is actually a great one because in each case we got leaders who fucked up , threatening the livelihoods of employees . 
  sure , fixing greece , spain and portugal is more expensive but if the well-being of vw employees is crucial for germany the well-being of greek employees is crucial for europe . 
  the greeks are quiet now , they have caved ; they 're broken , but , trust me that in their hearts the eu project is dead . 
  and i am a hypocrite btw , at that time i too thought ; fuck em ' let them suffer , they have it too good anyway ... it 's their fault they borrowed so much ... but i was too stupid to realize it 's not that simple . 
  if romanians have a crisis and get poorer , they understand the implications of poverty . 
  even i , as a software developer , still have property in the country-side where , if i lost everything , i could go right now and practice subsistence-agriculture ... keeping chickens , pigs , growing vegetables , whatever . 
  i understand the implications , i have been there before and i 'm not scared since i have a back-up which , in all honesty , is not half-bad . 
  it 's just a different life . 
  but in the case of greeks and spaniards you have fully developed societies with industrialized agriculture who have n't known poverty for decades and they have no back-up plan ; nowhere to land safely from such a fall . 
  their experience and mine , when confronted with an identical crisis , is completely different . 
   yes , but that is not the fault of germany ... 
  it does n't matter whos ' fault it is ... you just ca n't make the leap can you ? 
  you ca n't think of greeks in the same way you think of bavarians or in the same way you think of vw ... vw fucked up ... are you going to bail them out ? 
  fuck yea , you even got the eu parliament to change diesel emission standards until 2020 . 
  just imagine that you thought of greece the same as you do of vw , then you 'll finally understand where i 'm coming from . 
  nah , i do n't want that much money . 
  i do n't put money above all , i only write what i write to point out the lack of fairness , but i really do n't care if my car is a mercedes or a dacia , or if my phone is an iphone or some other . 
   i care about creating a union that can actually work a union of equal or at least similar countries where you do n't have to pay for some membersbecause the members are close enough . 
  you already mentioned that you 'd take scandinavia , you forget that finland is already the new sick economy of europe . 
  will you bail out the fins ? 
  you wo n't , you 'll just say , * `` oh i want a union without them ... 
  i want a union of equals '' * . 
   look at thow the greek crisis was handled does that really make you think that the german government only cares about the money ? 
  bwahahahah xd 46 % unemployment among young greeks ? 
  an entire generation of people , ** crushed ** . 
   you base a country around equals , you ca n't form a country of so vastly different countries . 
  yea i 'm sure the * founding fathers * of the united states thought exactly the same ... / s  so the substandce of a union should be that the richer states pay if someone fucks up ? 
  honestly if that is what a union is about why would a rich country be part of that ? 
  because of nationalism , but as a german you have an adversity towards it so probably even the word sounds dirty to you . 
  americans call it patriotism , just because they do n't want to use the `` n '' word because you kind of ruined it for everybody . 
  : p if you had n't and nationalism would n't be so stigmatized we could build a eu much faster . 
  on the contrary , it is german economy which is dependent on the free-market and on v4 + transilvania . 
  without the cheap parts you make here the price of your products would be too high to compete on the international market . 
  thus , even if you have an exports crisis in germany ... we 'll be fine because you 'll need us to lower the cost of your end products even more , in order to sell . 
  this is ** precisely why the polish economy never went into recession despite the 2008 crisis ** . 
  it was n't polish leadership or economic brilliance , it was german reliance on the cheap parts they make there . 
  or at least , this is my own opinion . 
   i personally think that it would be a more sensible thing to have a smaller area of unified fiscal policy with a transfer union between germany , the benelux , austria and france . 
  i 'd love the uk and scandinavia aswell see what you are doing ? 
  ** you are picking the rich countries who do well at this very moment . 
  ** that 's all you 're doing . 
  you just want to be part of a rich-country-club ; you do n't actually care about europe . 
  that 's because you , and german leaders , have put money before all . 
  money above europe . 
  a federal state , a country , can not be built on peace and prosperity because peace and prosperity are not * eternal * . 
  a country must be built on nationalism . 
  the only way to build europe is through nationalism at the eu level . 
  making europeans feel european and take pride in being european while holding on to their regional identities and nationalities . 
  instead , you are killing nationalism and trying to base a union on money . 
  that will never work . 
  and proof that it ca n't work is the response you give to whatever crisis might appear . 
  the substance of a federal state must be that germans , fins , swedes and whatnot , agree to bail out greeks and spaniards even if they fucked up , because they are european . 
  if you fail to do that , you fail to do everything else . 
  since we 're in a free-market and a political union , some % of german money , is made in eastern europe . 
  that 's our money too since we 're contributing to german prosperity whether we want to or not . 
  either by working and paying taxes there , or buying products in western-owned supermarkets or by working in factories which are part of the german industry , which pay shit salaries and all the added value of the final product stays in germany . 
  you could consider spain a large , rich country ... has spain made any political moves lately ? 
  ever since it had a massive crisis and 25 % unemployment , i have n't heard much of a spanish voice on eu matters . 
  the same could happen to germany if it had a serious exports crisis , replaced by v4 who even if they are not as large economically and the people earn considerably less , would remain healthy countries on account of not having internal problems . 
  when you do n't have internal problems , you being to think externally . 
  and italy , who is increasingly unhappy with franco-german monopoly on leadership , could replace france as the sickly but still relevant sidekick . 
  [ here 's a speech showing that poland is ready to use v4 to challenge germany ] ( https://youtu.be/pouzal6v-9q?t=3m36s ) based on that i see an interesting dynamic growing between v4 and italy inside the eu , to challenge franco-german dominance . 
  http://www.ndtv.com/world-news/italys-pm-matteo-renzi-criticises-franco-german-dominance-in-european-union-1271110 edit : spelling, 
  let 's have a eu-wide referendum on how to handle the `` refugee '' crisis and see what the european people say . 
  what do you think they will vote for ? 
  safe-zones in northern syria or taking in 5-6 million people , when we already have so many unemployed and underpaid europeans ? 
  can you not comprehend that when we are unemployed or underpaid , we can not share the same solution ? 
  germany is myopic and trying to appy the same medicine for different countries . 
  spain , greece , portugal and italy have a sovereign debt crisis ? 
  -  ** impose deficit limits for all eu countries , depriving romania , poland and other eastern countries from borrowing money to build infrastructure when gas , cement and steel are at their cheapest in decades ** . 
  germany has low unemployment and declining population , it needs workers ? 
  -  ** try to impose refugee quotas on underpaid countries to make it look like eu crisis even though your reasons for not securing the borders are entirely selfish .
