  [ you mean like healthcare ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=romanian+hospital&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=999&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewivjjca2uxkahvlcswkhrlvbpkq_auibigb ) [ or infrastrcture ? 
  ] ( http://media.rtv.net/image/201208/full/harta_autostrazi_romania_34849300.jpg ), 
  we 're trying to save europe ( or at the very least save ourselves ) from your culturally self-destructive , non-militaristic ways . 
  peace and prosperity are not perpetual ; soft-power and sanctions ca n't solve all problems . 
   qmv and yet we can at least block things like immigrant quotas . 
   that said i think it would be a lot easier to create a real union if you split europe up simply because then yourelminiate a lot of the inequality . 
  the east is not interested in your 2 speed europe concept . 
  read my other comments and you 'll understand where i 'm coming from so i do n't need to repeat myself . 
  lately i 've been seeing and hearing things from austria ... why would they be in this if the eu is working ? 
  after all it is nothing more and nothing less than a parallel structure entirely inside the eu which otherwise would n't be needed . 
  it 's not as if serbia , moldova or ukraine were there so we could claim that this new entity has some purpose outside the eu . 
  no , this is specifically set up so these countries could achieve something , inside the eu , which they could n't otherwise . 
  what will that be ... time will tell . 
  i meant that jokingly :d, 
  nobody is asking you to ditch anything . 
  but when it comes to defence from putin , you have a better chance with us . 
  i think austria is a little pissed at germany in this context . 
  i think they tried to impose some sanity through backchannels and it did n't work with merkel and their participation in this is a bit of a middle-finger . 
  because in all honesty , if you had a working eu , such a thing would n't be needed . 
  would it ? 
  there must be a rift in side the eu which is not obvious . 
  under normal circumstances , yes , germany-france ca n't be toppled , but there are other factors at play . 
  france is beginning to have more and more internal problems due to the failed integration of its immigrants . 
  germany is likely to have a crippling exports crisis as russia , opec , south america , china , and others , all slow down and ca n't buy german goods anymore . 
  poland is about to become the spoiled brat of the us in the region since it is willing to build a military , while germany is n't . 
  i 'm not saying this will succeed , i 'm just saying that this is what i see happening ; but i for one welcome our new polish overlords . 
  intermarium is needed because the west does not take serious the military defence of europe as you all have a geographical location and international relations where you 're not worried by anything or anyone . 
  the countries in intermarium are between russia , turkey and the west . 
  thus , the only long term defence solution is for us to become too much trouble to invade . 
  and yes , this is also about conservative politics because the eu under franco-german leadership is becoming too culturally self-destructive , not unlike the ussr . 
  when it comes to voting in the eu , these countries will be joined by others . 
  uk , italy , greece , etc. 
  this is an attempt by poland ( v4 ) to replace germany as the `` leader '' of the eu and introduce more conservative internal and more aggressive external policies . 
  edit : and quite honestly , v4/poland is the leader we need because for many prosperity has run dry . 
  every time i heard george friedman talk about how the eu is founded on the promise of peace and prosperity and how that ca n't last , i did n't take him seriously because i did n't think anyone would be dumb enough to base a federal state on that , on perpetual growth and lots of money ... 
  but the more i talk with westerners here it becomes apparent that that 's how they understand the eu ... which is unreliable really because peace and prosperity are not perpetual . 
  we need to reform the ideological base of the eu ; we need more nationalism ( patriotism same as us ) which in turn can become european nationalism and we can rebase the eu on that . 
  and we need this for several reasons : 1 . 
  so we stay the fuck united next time we have a crisis , either political , economical or defence/military . 
  so we can justify military spending at the eu level ; all the shit we 're going through now would n't be , if we had a military as powerful as the us . 
  so we can have a solid core of values and the determination to impose them on any immigrants who move here so that the integration and long term assimilation process works . 
  to turn soft power into hard power when need be . 
  actually , it 's because we ultimately need the west that we first need each other . 
  we just need a stronger voice in the eu before we 're taken seriously . 
  i think in the end , we still all need each other , it 's just a matter of how we get there . 
  hey , you do n't need to tell me that , tell it to the germans ... we 'd already be spending 2 % on defence if not for their deficit rules ... 
  it 's happening !, 
  we have the same in romania !, 
  what cheaper countries ? 
  if you look at the map you quickly find that it is almost impossible for greece to protect that insane shoreline . 
  at first i thought that maybe they did n't want to , but it 's physically a difficult job and they do n't have the resources . 
  the key to stopping the flow is turkey . 
  turkey recently ruined its ' bilateral relation with russia ( probably at the request of the us ) which means that it is dependent on the rest of us at this point . 
  can it have a relation with the us and not with us ? 
  sure . 
  can the us afford to have europe and turkey at odds with each other ? 
  probably not . 
  but , open google maps and look at the map . 
  what happens when germany has had its ' fill of immigrants ? 
  we already know the eu is n't functioning properly ... that means that borders will close in a panic , from germany , austria , slovenia , croatia , serbia , macedonia , and then greece is fucked . 
  if greece is fucked they 're going to bring their navy about , catch all immigrant boats and take them to the shore of turkey , to dump them back . 
  turkey is going to scream that it 's territory is invaded by greece , and either one fires first , we will have an armed conflict between the greek navy and the turkish navy . 
  if you look at their equipment , they 're actually quite balanced powers in the air and on the sea . 
  on land turkey can destroy greece , but it could not do that because its ' east is fucked . 
  russia will arm the high number of kurds in the south-east of turkey just like they did in ukraine and then turkey would be fighting on two fronts . 
  plus , russia would absolutely love an armed conflict between 2 nato members . 
  the above is the worst-case scenario . 
  ___ the best-case scenario is exactly what merkel is trying to do now , pay turkey some money , ask them to stop the flow in exchange for visa-free travel to europe , etc. 
  but erdogan does n't give a shit about 3 bln euro or about free travel for turks in the eu . 
  which is why he 's not going to stop the migration , he 's going to extort the eu for more money since turkey is a real regional power while european countries have reduced themselves to a bunch of pussies . 
  ___ the next stage is the most important one . 
  does merkel have the determination to threaten turkey with sanctions and can sanctions be hurtful enough to make erdogan stop ? 
  if not , then we go to scenarion # 1 and it all spirals out of control until the us intervenes to calm everyone the fuck down . 
  ___ edit : russia is going to continue to bomb the shit out of syria and possibly even try to destabilize more regions ; they do n't care about isis , or syrians ; putin cares a little about assad because dictators tend to support each other , but it 's not about that . 
  putin ( really the fsb ) wants to put pressure on nato , any way that they can . 
  in ukraine , they took crimea and created 2 unstable regions and are now playing the long economy game . 
  their actions in syria are meant to put pressure on turkey , support secessionists kurds in the long-run and perhaps , what i said above about having greece and turkey fight or germany putting sanctions on turkey . 
  either one is great for russia . 
  ** and what 's the cause of all this ? 
  ** * europe is not a military power capable of projecting force in its ' neighborhood . 
  the topic of my comment is the relation we enjoy with the us , not your economy . 
  the us does n't want a european federal state because that would be an entity strong enough that it could have the luxury to choose its ' foreign policy instead of following their lead . 
  by keeping all of us friendly but divided , they ensure they do n't have to deal with that . 
  but , i think they are very unhappy with germany and other western countries ' lack of contribution on the military front and poland , who is willing to militarize , will probably become the spoiled brat of the us . 
  when that happens and you suddenly find that your overseas exports are entirely at the whim of the us ... you will have wished you built europe up sooner but it might be too late . 
  that 's more or less where i was going with this comment . 
  economy crises are n't that fatalistic . 
  :p look what happened to japan in 95 ' http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-zytwa6lwok4/td7lonuaudi/aaaaaaaaa3g/ueblh_bk7ri/s1600/japan-gdp-historic.png the same is about to happen to china , but in the same way that japan is still there , china will be there too . 
  if you need someone to catch you when you fall , the reasonable thing to do is to help us develop enough that we can do that . 
  but , you 're right in that i think we have a very serious problem ; germany ca n't raise internal consumption with a declining population but due to automation exports are n't slowing down either . 
  bringing in a million new people will raise your internal consumption , but if you fail to integrate them into the work-force it will be trouble in the long-run . 
  watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gg1rfa_qek you need a country with a strong identity if you 're going to assimilate immigrants ; and even then it might not happen fully , but it might happen well enough so that they 're assimilated in 100 years . 
  the us too is losing that * core * of identity which forces immigrants to first integrate and then assimilate . 
  you know , on the subject of immigration everyone points to all the european immigrants which went to the us and that they assimilated and they 're now american regardless of where in europe their ancestors came from , right ? 
  but what they fail to remind themselves of is the high level of xenophobia polish , irish , italian etc immigrants had to endure in the us ; and that xenophobia played a role in their eventual assimilation as most of them though that `` i or at least my children need to speak english and be americans , otherwise they 're going to have a terribly hard life here '' . 
  immigrants coming to both us and europe nowadays simply do n't feel like that anymore . 
  in europe they get welfare even if they do n't speak the language . 
  i do n't know what to replace xenophobia with ... but a quick look at france tells me we need something and i am interested in the topic because romania is going to need immigrants sooner or later too . 
  i just do n't want to take them in the way merkel did ; that 's a recipe for disaster .
