  maintaining stability ( with boots on the ground if necessary ) in neighboring countries is obviously a matter of our own european security . 
  yes , of course , but the problem countries risk destabilizing the few stable countries as they go under . 
  what 's going on in africa is completely unsustainable and they will slide into countless civil wars and national wars . 
  a shit life of their own making . 
  and with little or no education they will try to force their way into europe where due to automation of industry without proper education you can do little or nothing . 
  you think china imposed the 1-child-policy for fun ? 
  unfortunately african governments seem to have neither the power nor the foresight to control their population growth . 
  edit : * i guess pointing out inconvenient truths makes me racist somehow . 
  * adjusts sunglasses and starts playing with chip stack *, 
  the strain is not just cultural but also economical . 
  absolutely not . 
  we can take in 1-2 million . 
  the rest must be turned back and aid must be provided to them in their own countries or other safe-zones . 
  enough is enough . 
  militarily russia is a regional power . 
  that ca n't go on indefinitely . 
  strictly speaking they are immigrating when they cross beyond the first safe country . 
  tourists get 1 schengen visa and they can travel to all schengen countries . 
  they can see paris , barcelona , venice , on the same visa . 
  serbs are indeed really nice people , but just because you want a coherent immigration policy does n't make one less nice . 
  they 're pretending to be accepting of whatever german/french policy because they 're a eu candidate . 
  if they were already in the eu , they would be right there with the rest of eastern europe . 
  as they begin to realize that v4 / the eastern block has real power within the eu , they will come around . 
  it 's just meant to be a few days of fun ; not style ... the more crazy the better . 
  my goodness , i love europe . 
  well , you can keep schengen visas for tourists and just institute border checks where needed , or everywhere . 
  : \\ the visas are really positive for tourism . 
  my money is on 1 200 000 by next month , : d, 
  if hungary does , good luck building `` reception centers '' for millions of people . 
  apparently , 10 countries oppose compulsory quotas . 
  so most likely we will see a summit of eu heads of state soon . 
  poland , czech republic , slovakia , hungary , romania , bulgaria , latvia , lithuania , estonia , croatia . 
  plus , denmark and cyprus also against but i 'm not sure if they vote if they opt-out or whatever . 
   instead , the big debate on monday will likely focus on hungary 's recent announcement that it is not interested in benefiting from the 120,000 relocation scheme as thousands continue to enter hungary on a daily basis . 
  indeed . 
  there must me no more decent people left in the world . 
  only right wing agenda pushers you see everywhere . 
  is that what you think is happening ? 
  / pol / , what is / pol / ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  your comment should be first not mine . 
  what 's wrong with feminism ? 
  the fantastic v4 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  apparently this was a ** `` when is it ok to beat your wife '' ? 
  ** conference . 
  at least that 's what i gather from french-speakers here . 
  now , this is a subject i feel all of us can relate to and some of us even hold close to our hearts . 
  after all if she does n't obey you she 's forcing your hand . 
  it 's her fault . 
  i mean seriously , what if dinner is n't done when you get home from work ? 
  or worse , it 's cold ? 
  could you fucking stand that ? 
  are you even a man if you do ? 
  what if you caught your neighbor checking out her exposed ankle ... you have to bring the hammer down . 
  so , in conclusion , when is it ok to beat a woman ? 
  when she interrupts you and your friends ' `` when is it ok to beat your wife '' conference . 
  obviously . 
  edit1 : do i really need to spell it out for you ? 
  ** s a r c a s m ** . 
  edit2 : - hello laura , - hey , marry , how are you today ? 
  - i 'm fine , thank you but my back is a little hurt . 
  - why , what happened ? 
  - oh , nothing , i forgot to iron my husbands business shirt and i got a severe beating for it . 
  - oh my goodness . 
  - no no , everything is ok , i spoke to our spiritual leader and we agreed to send my husband to conference in paris where he will receive proper guidance and join other like-minded married men in debating just exactly when it 's ok to beat me . 
  hopefully he can bring back some pamphlets and info-graphics explaining the rules in more details so we can educate our young boy and our 2 daughters . 
  - ah , what a relief . 
  well i 'm glad it 's getting resolved then . 
  edit3 : - `` ring ring , ring ring , ring ring '' - hello , yes ? 
  - hi laura , it 's me , marry , i hope i 'm not disturbing you at this late hour . 
  i 'm calling to asking if your husband returned from that wife-beating tedx talk in paris ; you see , our neighbor , * the native french guy * ... - oh , the cute native french man from across the street ? 
  * giggles * what about him ? 
  - well , he approached me today as i was unloading my shopping bags and offered to help , but apparently my husband was peeking through the curtains from inside and noticed him looking at my butt while i was carrying the bags inside ... - oh my !, 
  - yes !, 
  as soon as i got inside my husband was waiting for me with fists clenched . 
  yea , i got it good . 
  black eye and 2 broken ribs . 
  anyway i 'm calling to see if i could borrow some of the guidelines your husband brought back from paris ? 
  - oh , those , um , i 'm afraid my husband has n't returned yet . 
  no ... see at the conference there were these two crazy women who just rushed on stage and started shouting gender equality non-sense . 
  - how appalling !, 
  - i know , right ... 
  anyway , a couple of the men , my husband included , finally pinned them to the ground and started kicking the living shit out of them before the police could intervene . 
  so , i 'd love to share those documents with you but he has n't returned yet . 
  he 's being detained by police on assault charges . 
  - i see ... well , as long as he 's setting a fine example for your son , i would n't worry about it . 
  he 's a good husband and you and his other 2 wives are lucky to have him . 
  have a nice evening , bye . 
  i 'm still not clear if it was a pro-wife-beating or anti-wife-beating or `` when is it ok to beat your wife '' , type of conference . 
  but whichever it is , if i 'm you and i 'm french ( regardless of ethnicity ) i ca n't just eat popcorn . 
  these types of `` conferences '' need to stop . 
  it 's not fucking tedx . 
  honestly i did n't either . 
  i stopped watching after a few seconds . 
  well if she does n't obey you she 's forcing your hand . 
  it 's her fault . 
  / s i mean seriously , what if dinner is n't done when you get home from work ? 
  or worse , it 's cold ? 
  could you fucking stand that ? 
  what was the subject of the debate ?
