  welcome back among the sane . 
  why not ? 
  50 to 39 is a big change though . 
  it 's news-worthy . 
  especially considering all the bad and sometimes even apocalyptic press that poland is getting these days from western media . 
  what 's another 7000 among friends ? 
  damn germans , they vote then they leave ... :p, 
  no , this time it 's so they can pay their public sector salaries and state pensions . 
  150 mln euro . 
  probably more after that ... 
  they 're in deep shit , we give them money , state to state . 
  you 'll find it completely dependent on romania and the eu . 
  the issue is solved and we did n't even do anything but buy their products . 
  if schengen falls apart we should create a small , local one . 
  transnistria is dependent on exports to romania and eu , surprisingly and only exports 5 % to russia . 
  leaving it independent would be a security threat , so we 'd probably need to make a really good offer , like a iasi - tiraspol highway . 
  if we do have a union with moldova , hungarians will get autonomy , i 'm sure . 
  because we 'd need to negotiate autonomy with gagauzians and trannistrians ... plus orban has some relations with putin , we 'd need a good word there too . 
  actually , except for that one place , their integration into society is n't going half-bad . 
  this is hilarious . 
  why does n't this have more upvotes ? 
  i 'm sorry , are you saying roma do n't work ? 
  that 's incredibly racist of you . 
  a very ... french thing to say . 
  why do you keep demolishing their huts ? 
  why do they live in huts ? 
  give them jobs and apartments . 
  of course , but ( ! ), 
  rest assured , we are all very much still * horrible racists * over here in the east . 
  we wo n't let our childrens children not have any minorities to discriminate against !, 
  not if we can help it . 
  we had already agreed to 4-6000 in october . 
  do you think merkel was happy with that ? 
  oh no ... she wanted permanent quotas . 
  except for the small , insignificant matter that hungary does n't have any foreign mothers . 
  his comment might be hypocritical ? 
   just about any taxpayer living in germany with children can get the kindergeld , whether employed , self employed or independent . 
  you get it as a rule until the children turn 18 , though it can continue until they are 25 if they are still in school or meet other requirements for an extension . 
  starting in january 2016 the benefit has been raised to $ 190 per month for each of the first two children , $ 196 for the third child and $ 221 for each subsequent one . 
  600e x 12 months x 5 years = the exact same as in hungary . 
  except for the fact that oh , germany pays 130 000 euros over 18 years . 
  _________ but you see , his comment might not have much to do with the topic at hand , but rather that he 's personally unhappy with the policy . 
  he probably thinks hungary should take the money and give them to illegal immigrants ; then debt is fine ; after all ~ ~ merkel ~ ~ junker herself ( ahem , yes , * herself * :d ) has said that budget deficit which goes into paying for illegal immigrants , will be accepted and not counted towards the deficit limit of austerity imposed by merkel . 
  infrastructure , investment or paying for your own citizens to have children ? 
  get out of here , no deficit !, 
  pay for illegal immigrants ? 
  #deficits welcome !, 
  hey , i 'm not willing to take a risk with my country / democracy . 
  wish you the best of luck with yours . 
  * zoltan kovacs said the `` gyed extra '' maternity benefit -- which provides benefits to fulltime workers -- will be paid when a child is six months old instead of at 12 months , enabling parents to return to work sooner . 
  additionally , if at least five families demand a creche , localities will have to provide one from next year . 
  so far only towns with more than ten thousand residents had to provide facilities for baby care . 
  * ____ but , are you being honest with yourself ? 
  why are you here criticizing hungarians for a matter of internal policy ? 
  you 're here because they 're european , mostly conservatives and they want to have more children and somewhere deep inside yourself the idea has taken root that it 's racist for europeans to do that , despite being a country of barely 10-11 million people . 
  you clearly do n't know hungarians ... 
  hmm ; brb packing my bags : d, 
  ow , yes they will . 
  : ) merkel has surprises for you . 
  as soon as * uncomfortable * political parties start to gain votes beyond a certain % . 
  `` oh the poor dear refugees , they have been here 4 years already and they still ca n't vote ; we need their vote to stop the * evil nazis * afd from getting into power !, 
  they are heroes ! '', 
  can you put a price on the long-term survival of hungarian culture ? 
  beyond 2100 for example ? 
  i 'm sure there will be a prerequisite in the law `` to have lived in hungary for the past 5 years ; to speak the hungarian language , to have held a job in hungary for 1-2 years etc '' . 
  that 's not discrimination since any eu citizen can do those things if they choose . 
  they will eventually . 
  and they will never vote to : 1 . 
  limit immigration from their home countries . 
  impose sanctions or develop an aggressive foreign policy against their countries . 
  vote for political conservatives . 
  and so on ... without assimilation , they will never share a fate with you . 
  the media here presented it as serious ; but even so , things could have been just a little different , and governments and eu bureaucrats would have voted in permanent quotas in the first few months . 
  v4 never coalesces , individual countries get bullied into submission despite public uproar . 
  could very well be happening right now in a parallel universe . 
  it 's just so scary to think how narrowly we managed to save something of old europe , for the future . 
  i already wrote him off as an idiot when he tried to get that ridiculous internet per gb tax voted in ... 
  but , this whole illegal immigrant crisis started and escalated basically overnight ... just try to imagine what would have happened if we did n't have orban , if he lost the elections because of that tax ; if perhaps we did n't have elections in poland for another 3 years ... ** at one point in our recent history the very existence of any traditional european civilizations and identities essentially hung by the thread of orban trying to tax gigabytes ** . 
  what the f. . . 
  actually i do hope this policy extends to hungarians in romania . 
  that 'll force the hand of our own government to do the same sooner rather than later . 
  that does n't include the ones that are yet to arrive though ... : \\, 
  as opposed to just bringing in foreign voters by the millions ? 
  you know , as long as roma work and they become integrated members of society i really do n't care . 
  integrated roma actually do n't have that many children , but in general , even poor romanian families have more children than lower-middle class or middle-class . 
  but , it 's rational to encourage the middle class to have more children , since they 'd get a better upbringing and more favorable economic opportunities . 
  so that 's really what i think matters most . 
  question is , can it afford not to afford it ? 
  needs more palinka ... shit , i 'm already assimilated . 
  bring p\u00e1linka , tepert\u0151vel , mogyor\u00f3hagyma and we can lay down on a green field somewhere and talk about trianon . 
  hahaha < 3, 
  this is great . 
  the only problem is that it 'll be mostly poor families who have more children , no ? 
  this is a start and a necessary step , but on top of this , i think they should lower the retirement age of parents who have or adopt 3 children , as well as make all child-care services free . 
  i mean , if i could retire 10 years earlier if i have 3 children , i 'd definitely consider it , even if i was initially planning for one . 
  and this is a measure which does n't impact the present , at all ... by the time the parents retire , the children are already contributing taxes . 
  edit : do we get this if i marry a hungarian girl ? 
  : d i promise to learn the language . 
  :p ( obviously joking ), 
   its mutually beneficial for us to share the refugees we do n't have billions of euros to integrate tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of people .
