  as for oslo , i recently looked at getting a job back there . 
  net salary 3000euro , but rent alone would be 1000euro / month for a 30sm tiny apartment . 
  even if i paid my entire 3000e salary in rent , i could not live as i currently do in romania . 
  slovenia on the other hand , has similar housing prices with romania . 
  i have lived in norway as well as austria . 
  do n't assume that just because your gross salary is higher that you have a better life . 
  apartments in oslo are tiny and they cost a fortune . 
  i came here to point this out . 
  well true , it 's not the size that matters , it 's how you use it . 
  lo , you call that a seaside ? 
  : d it 's a micro-seaside . 
  take me in blease . 
  i just want access to your beautiful mountains , affordable housing in great locations and quick travel to croatian sea-side . 
  from romania , but i 'd pick slovenia over norway , switzerland or any other country . 
  : | the fact that they would n't want to settle down in slovenia really makes my stomach turn . 
  i am considering slovenia as a permanent residence myself , on account of how beautiful , affordable and peaceful it is . 
  thanks for translating . 
  he sounds like a realist although i definitely do n't want the eu to come apart . 
  if by any chance it does , poland is a good leader to follow . 
  thank you : ), 
  i mean thinking they can take in everyone who applies !, 
  slovenia is just 2 million people for crying out loud . 
  quite unbelievable story ... people change over time , and one day , years from now when she becomes more mature she 's going to realize what she has done and she 's going to hate herself . 
  moar boarders for everyone !, 
  you get a boarder and you get a boarder , we all get boarders !, 
   slovenia will not create a `` safe corridor '' for migrants to pass through the country en route to western europe but will receive refugee asylum requests and accommodate them , the government and police said on wednesday . 
  honestly , how long can this high-horse policy last ? 
  i really do n't want to see more children in or near riots / rioting men ... shit . 
  the more eastern european politicians we can get to point out the failed integration problems in the west ( because they 're too scared of being called racists or islamophobic ) , the sooner western societies can begin to talk rationally about their problems and adjust their integration policies to be less tolerant of intolerance ; a more hard-line is needed like in the us . 
  give people a chance to have time to write the translation . 
  that 's how this sub works . 
  :  i know i know, 
  we must create a eu army which must establish safe-zones in north africa and the middle-east . 
  there we can donate construction materials , machinery , food , and everything they need so that they * all * can start rebuilding their lives ( not just the ones who can afford the trip ) , they can start policing themselves and hopefully learning to live democratically . 
  if we are spending 1000 euro / month / refugee in europe on -  housing , food , transportation , medication , healthcare , counseling , language courses & education , policing , registration and integration , welfare / pocket-money , we are effectively doing a lot less with our money . 
  nice try bulgaria , nice try . 
  oh , ok , that makes sense . 
   google to raise $ 11 million for refugee crisis in europe in donation-matching campaign it says , in europe ... 
  it 's not romania 's proposal , it 's just me ; i 'm nobody . 
  everyone continues with `` not our problem '' because there is n't a long-term solution on the table . 
  everyone feels like by admitting that it is our problem , we 'll be stuck with this solution ( of quotas ) , almost indefinitely . 
  and of course it 's our problem ; it 's all of our problem . 
  but i 'm glad we 're pushing you towards a real logn-term solution . 
  anyway , it 's not a revolutionary idea , is it now ? 
  it 's not as if merkel does n't have countless advisers and she herself must know this to be one possible course of action . 
  romania is too little on its ' own , we need that eu summit asap . 
  but hopefully such a proposal will come from [ someone worthy of leading europe ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/klaus_johannis ) . 
  btw you have n't answered my question in the other thread . 
  will you support a eu army to establish safe-zones where we can donate everything they need to rebuild their lives ? 
  * all of them * , not just the ones who travel thousands of km . 
  after all the ones you advocate we let through are the ones you see on tv . 
  meanwhile there are millions more in other camps and back in syria . 
  they do n't get a chance ? 
  for every refugee we try to help in europe , we could help 4 or more due to prohibitive housing and other costs in europe . 
  we will when necessary . 
  aaa , you of trickery germany !, 
  no deal no deal . 
  eu army , safe-zones , donate construction materials , food and everything else they need there . 
  this is the only thing you can get the whole of eu to support . 
  yes you can . 
  i believe in you !, 
  someone gave it to me . 
  i 'll admit she 's not very coherent and plain wrong on some issues . 
  but one inescapable truth is that we ca n't help everyone and first and foremost our message should be to turn these people away and help them where they are . 
  looks about right ... 
  does the czech republic have a few hundred teachers and social workers who speak arabic as well as czech ? 
  other than housing and food is there a plan to actually integrate them ? 
  great for him ; what about the other tens of millions ? 
  stop making my brain hurt . 
  i do n't have the solutions you 're looking for . 
  families in one camp , single males in another . 
  they can if they want to , and kurdish girls do fight , but they are women ... you ca n't have that expectation of them . 
  thank you , i will donate a fair amount . 
  that would actually prevent rapes and sexual aggression . 
  i imagine it 's not easy to be a woman in a 75 % male camp . 
  the refugee situation . 
  i do n't care so much for the 75 % young men who really should be fighting to establish democratic rule in their countries if they want to live in a free society . 
  but the children had their parents make their decision for them to come all this way . 
  they have no fault in the matter . 
  and flee and abandon expensive military equipment to other fundamentalists . 
  i do n't hate them . 
  i am just rational in admitting to myself that we ca n't help the entire population of the world . 
  just think of how much it costs to help them here . 
  housing , food , counseling , education , medication , healthcare , policing , processing and registration , integration efforts , social workers , poket-money etc etc. . . 
  probably more than 1000 euro / refugee / month . 
  consider that cost for a couple of millions of people , over several years and consider the alternative of having a eu army and helping everyone ( not just the ones who come here ) by establishing safe-zones and donating construction materials . 
  the us does ** a far better job ** at making americans of its ' immigrants . 
  there is a stark difference between the us and eu on this issue . 
  : ( it 's still sad, 
  indeed . 
  oh , the irony . 
  really ?!? 
  only long term solution is eu army . 
  boots on the ground , safe-zones in their countries . 
  if they fight so fiercely why do n't they fight to free their countries and establish democratic rule there ? 
  today , tomorrow , sure , but eventually germany will say , no more , austria will say no more , and croatia will build a fence too . 
  at one point though croatia too is going to close it 's border . 
  and that 's just the amount of people after 1 day of forcing them to register if they want to cross . 
  imagine after their numbers grow for a few weeks and it gets colder too . 
  edited : as apparently they can enter hungary if they agree to be registered .
