  do you want to bet your * state of emergency * is in fact the new normal ? 
  before it 's lifted there 's going to be another attack , and another , and another and eventually it wo n't be just terrorism but genuine sporadic ethnic neighborhood fighting and violence . 
  because that 's what anti-fa are . 
  alongside with all the dirty jobless kids who protest nuclear power and riot during environmental conferences . 
  we 've got very good press here in eastern europe ; we know everything that goes on in the west . 
  i am biased . 
  it 's difficult not to be . 
  spewing non-sense without a single source or any evidence . 
  where were the authorities during the previous protest when the dirty jobless kids from anti-fa and open-borders ran amok in calais ? 
  wait does denmark use the euro ? 
  please control your tone , i do n't need to feel assaulted by your comment . 
  indeed , well over 50 % if i remember the polls correctly , and of course it makes sense . 
  must be sad for him . 
  75 years old , watching is country fall to bits after being in service most of his life . 
  wtf ? 
  all terrorist groups are gon na be hunting czechs now ... 
  honestly , when you go there with an ngo , you take your life in your own hands . 
  that 's it . 
  do n't pay kidnapping terrorists . 
  if you want to stay alive , do n't f-ing go . 
  edit : people need to be made to understand that we wo n't bend over backwards to help them if they get themselves into trouble after travelling to dangerous regions . 
  cruz is mental ... * `` carpet bombing , saturation bombing '' * ... he think that makes him look though but really it makes him look mentally ill . 
  warfare has and is changing now and it 's getting more precise year by year . 
  you do n't need to kill millions of people like the allies did in ww2 with `` carpet bombing '' . 
  / u/anarchisto taking the dominant personality trait of every candidate and trying to predict what the us will do is too simplistic . 
  such decisions are not made unilaterally by the president or `` commander in chief '' ; every nation has a small army of analysts in the department of defense who * strongly influence * political decisions so in fact there is a continuation of foreign policy based on various constraints irrespective of who the new president is and what his personality is . 
  that might be too ahead of its ' time for our leaders :p, 
  yes , but that new money should go into infrastructure investment ; which we desperately need in the east ... the solution to higher consumption in europe is here , but it 's a political decision . 
  edit : europe could do so much to raise internal consumption ... build a military , invest in eastern europe , invest in space exploration , litter the south with solar panels and hydro-battery dams in the mountains which are filled during the day ... on and on ... but junckers ' plan is getting underway too slowly and it 's a bit aimless imo . 
  russia had to sell lukoil gas stations in the baltic states and poland because nobody was buying gas from them anymore . 
  whichever country uses nukes , is going to experience that , globally . 
  the moment any country uses offensive nukes is the moment every person in the world starts checking product labels to avoid buying their products . 
  how do you imagine any country in the world could use nukes offensively without causing unimaginable public outcry ? 
  are you sane ? 
  * `` we need a stable euro '' , `` we need a stable euro '' , `` we need a stable euro '' * ... that 's what people at the top say to assure investors and they announce devaluation way ahead of time for this very reason . 
  that does n't change the fact that everyone tries to price their currency at an ideal level for economic growth . 
  nearly every single region in the world , with the exception of the us is slowing down economically . 
  russia , china , opec , south america , etc. 
  this weakens their currencies so they are able to buy less which in turn affects the exports of europe . 
  a weaker euro would alleviate some of the problems that countries like germany are about to have , so they can continue to export , continue to produce and keep themselves from a very bad unemployment problem . 
  it is true that a weaker currency makes us poorer when we import goods which are not manufactured here , particularly raw materials which we use to manufacture goods , but i do n't see that we have a choice . 
  and even then , germany will probably have a serious exports problem because it is not possible to devalue the euro to match how weak other currencies are getting . 
  some people attribute the notions of `` strong '' and `` weak '' to a currency thinking that strong is always good and weak is always bad , but that 's not really the case . 
  there is an ideal balance for each currency which most favors economic growth based on what that country exports and imports so it 's different for everyone and it changes over time . 
  ideally an intelligent move would be to allow a strong euro while we stack up and fill our deposits of raw materials then weaken it enough that our exports are kept at decent levels . 
  moreover a weaker euro will help southern europe recover faster . 
  there , happy ? 
  : p edit : of course you ca n't play around with the currency too much or investors lose confidence ... so it 's a really a complicated decision-making process . 
   fuck off not much incentive for me to explain anything after that . 
  you do n't understand basic economics . 
  we need a weaker euro . 
  what ? 
  turkey 's got some balls . 
  first it burns bridges with russia then threatens the us as if it had plenty of other allies ... turkey will lead another ottoman-like empire of influence in the region . 
  george friedman was right about turkey . 
  nobody is using nukes offensively ... calm down . 
  and nobody is using nukes to defend the baltics or romania or poland ... 
  the first country to kill people with nukes is going to have a crippling economy crisis . 
  calm down ; nobody is using nukes . 
  lol, 
   we are talking total war in europe . 
  nukes will drop then . 
  economies will lie in shambles . 
  nooo , we do n't wage war like we used to . 
  the allies committed an unimaginable act carpet-bombing german cities to complete destruction . 
  we 've got much more precision in war now . 
  plus , russia is not capable of what you 're talking about , but it is capable of annexing territories to break nato apart . 
   where do you want to project power and why ? 
  north africa and the middle east so they all calm the fuck down . 
  oh but btw , once nukes are obsolete , war is coming back , big-time . 
  but with far fewer casualties since weapons are far more precise and automation will replace humans in tanks , planes , drones , etc. 
  edit : but , the smaller the risk for loss of human life , the more prone countries will be to use force to solve their problems . 
  no it 's not , it 's right there . 
  nobody is ever going to use nukes again . 
  there is a window of 20-30 years at the most until nukes become obsolete as lasers can shoot missiles down before they reach any target . 
  until then , there is still sufficient outcry against nukes that any country who used them would be economically boycotted and shunned . 
  so really , they are almost useless now , and soon to be irrelevant . 
   yes but you do n't need a giant military for that , if the goal is to defend and not to project power . 
  and this is where we disagree . 
  we need to project power , at least in our immediate neighborhood . 
  without an army and without troops in the region , what happened to crimea could happen to moldova , or somewhere in the baltic region . 
  and before you can react you 're in a situation where the territory is already occupied and now more troops and a bigger commitment are required to re-take it , than you 're willing to invest . 
  so you hesitate , try to negotiate , talks are dragged on for months until the initial drive and emotion to defend anything is lost . 
  then what ? 
  sometimes you militarize precisely so you do n't * have * to fight a war . 
   i also do n't see how ee distancing itself from its allies in the west is good for their security . 
  allies in the west are n't forthcoming anyway . 
  you would n't fight russia or turkey alongside us if push came to shove . 
   also would you really have preferred if germany had used force to push policies down peoples throats ? 
  germany ? 
  use force ? 
  how would that work exactly ? 
  ** edit : ** but look , this alliance of the 3 seas , is in fact an alliance against 3 empires . 
  it 's called the intermarium but in fact what we 're most concerned with is that there are always 3 empires , west , south and east , historically always crushing us with some regularity ; which is what prevented our development to begin with . 
  germany is an economical empire but frankly i 'm worried about france ... as it could easily : 1 . 
  side with putin if fn wins , since fn is funded by the kremlin ( but i do n't blame the french for voting fn , mainstream political parties have failed to address the imigration and non-integration , non-assimilation problems ) . 
  eventually become a muslim majority country , a nuclear power and imperialistic again , siding with turkey in the south . 
  see , long-term we have serious concerns . 
  what war in europe ? 
  what are you talking about ?
