  exactly . 
  romanians and poles ( too ? ), 
  already fought in afghanistan and iraq . 
  completely alien war but nobody complained . 
  russia would cry about a eu army just as much , if not more . 
  they are already sponsoring far-right political parties in europe because they do n't want to deal with the eu when they sell gas , they want to deal with individual states which they can control and intimidate . 
  in a eu army , poland , romania , eastern block would have a louder voice than in nato , which is a big no-no for russia . 
  but irrespective of that , i think it is quite obvious now that the us is tired of paying for our security so a eu army is coming , sooner than we think . 
  frau merkel on a shopping-spree . 
  well , i 'm sure we can recondition the mistrals anyway . 
  hopefully they get a mixed crew from a bunch of countries . 
  lol is on medication ? 
  just yesterday we saw either a turk or a kurd drive his car at speed into a crowd of turks or kurds in bern , switzerland and running them over . 
  before that we saw serious fights and clashes between large groups of kurds and turks in frankfurt and one german idiot went as far as to say `` ah that 's normal , they do that sometimes , it 's no problem '' . 
  i just meant that more of that is going to happen in europe . 
  that 's fine . 
  being offended is ok . 
  but it 's still my right to do what i want with my own property as long as it does n't affect others and its ' not animal cruelty . 
  i gave it an upvote but instead of these videos we need more numbers ; more hard data so we can approach integration in a constructive way rather than fear-mongering . 
  if i 'm confronted by 3 idiots asking me questions about sharia i 'm calling the police . 
  ~ ~ russian electronics are actually french electronics . 
  russians did n't build their own targeting / aiming systems , they bought most things from the french . ~ ~ ~ ~ even their new tank is using mostly french tech . ~ ~, 
  just the first few lines , i need to work too . 
  sorry oh actually what i mean is that more will happen in europe . 
  not that this one is not in europe ; i get that . 
  i just realized , the eu army merkel wants to create has two brand new mistrals to buy . 
  i actually remember my childhood winters ( 20 years ago ) more snowy than they are now . 
  ~ ~ again ? 
  or is it older news ? ~ ~ yup , happened today . 
  crap . 
  more clashes between kurds and turks in europe . 
  i 'll accept the claim you make about the net benefit of eu migrants , but you 'll have to provide numbers / sources for the other claims . 
  do n't waste your time though , it 's not worth it to convince me of any of that . 
  but if a briton reads that , he 'll want some sources . 
  well , the more the merrier then ; he 'll fit right in . 
  why are you bringing up child pornography in a discussion about caricatures of phantasmagorical creatures having amazing sex ? 
  are drawings of child pornography even banned anywhere ? 
  it 's fine to offend people whether you see a point in it or not . 
  it 's not a fucking crime . 
  it 's my fucking right to offend anyone . 
  and if i had any proof that the earth was n't round , i 'd offend people who believed that too . 
  but i might offend anyone just for laughs . 
  yes , you have the right not to share , but i have the right to share and i am exerting it . 
  : ] he was referring to v4 countries , romania , bulgaria and the baltic states first and foremost . 
  he 's quite insane . 
  yes , you 're right , it 's exactly the same . 
  the image does n't but i do , so it 's still funny for me . 
  because it annoys u/zyllber first of all . 
  but humor should n't be censored because it might be unfunny , should it now ? 
  ; ) so it 's irrelevant what is funny to you or me about the image . 
  are you proposing that we have a committee to judge caricatures as funny and unfunny and then release only that which is deemed funny and censor the rest ? 
  he is american so his interests lie in ` murican policy . 
  why is that so surprising ? 
  he 's just 1 guy with a few opinions . 
  he does n't drive political will and last time i checked we all have freedom of speech . 
  all of the countries listed above , including bulgaria are countries who are very stable geopolitically even if there is some threat from russia , it 's mild . 
  as both russia and turkey risk sliding into some form of dictatorship the eastern block countries will see economic growth regardless of eu membership . 
  it 's true that the open market helps a great deal . 
  but eu structural funding comes nowhere near to cover the cost of brain-drain and workforce drain for these countries . 
  in net terms , we 're seeing slower or at least similar economic growth than we would if we were n't part of the eu . 
  lose the free market , keep the qualified work-force . 
  unemployment in transilvania is nearly 3 % and we 're stalling because of it since so many have moved west , including myself at one point . 
  nobody asked any `` unfair '' questions . 
  i only posted that here to annoy you . 
  you 've no idea what you 're talking about . 
  romania is the country with the highest number of it workers / population in the eu . 
   without eu , they wo n't be able to move . 
  again , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3krbia/xpost_iama_syrian_immigrant_in_germany_ama/cuzuinl let 's see , shall we . 
  nsfw !, 
  [ is it ok if we add mohammed to this funny picture ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ftnt0y.jpg ) edit : a quick explanation why i think it is relevant that we mildly thought-provoke new-comers to our society . 
  it 's a ** cultural cold shower ** meant to make them realize immediately that they are in a different place with different laws and rioting and shouting is n't going to change that . 
  later when they see we do n't actually go around insulting religions on a day-to-day basis they 're more likely to be moderate and accept it when we sometimes do in stand-up comedy or newspaper caricatures . 
  least successful ? 
  check economic growth for czech republic , poland , slovakia , hungary and romania . 
  fucking simplistic world views . 
  more like the entire eastern block though . 
  from slovenia to bulgaria and estonia . 
  what , you think he 's gon na start crying and leave europe because he is asked some uncomfortable questions ? 
  it is precisely how he answers uncomfortable questions which interests me . 
  for example , why do refugees throw so much trash everywhere as they are coming towards europe ? 
  i have seen countless trash containers and plastic bags provided laying empty next to fields of trash . 
  how is it unfair and biased question ? 
  how the fuck is it that ? 
  you damn westerners are too fucking careful not to offend anyone for any reason . 
  people who have lived harsh lives have thicker fucking skin than what you imagine . 
  no , but if too many people who would censor me move here , then we have a problem . 
  he is a us citizens ... what do you expect ? 
  last time i checked i was free to do so if i wanted . 
  has that changed already ? 
  i 'm not going to ask nice questions for the sake of being nice . 
  i 'm going to get a response to see where his limits are on living in a free and open society . 
  so you made it . 
  what are your views on gender equality , freedom of speech , freedom of religion , separation of church and state ? 
  if i buy for myself a bible and a koran and burn them for fun , does that offend you ; would you do anything about it ? 
  what are your views on teaching religious notions in school or not teaching scientific facts when they do n't conform to religious belief ? 
  i think what drove most average people here to turn against the eu was the prospect of a series of temporary solutions to the refugee / immigration problem as it seemed that our only response would be that we 'll take in however many come , indefinitely . 
  but with an eu army on the horizon things are looking a little better . 
  anyway , you should be excited you wo n't have to pay for our safety any longer .
