  remove the `` american '' from trump and the bets are open . 
  you * were * stupid enough to vote for him . 
  we know about the fat part , but your culture is doing its best to convince us of the idiot part . 
  if certain conditions are met , i would be in favor of a european federation/united europe / ... . 
  however , within these conditions are , for example , a more direct approach to democratic decisions . 
  an empowering of the parliament and a significant decrease of power in the commission . 
  direct elections of the commission . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  but in any case , i would prefer if we could finally end up being a powerblock with actual sway , not a bunch of whiny little nations that seem to disagree on everything out of principle . 
  as long as we do n't work together , we wo n't reap the global power our combined forces could wield . 
  no language has the capability to become universally understood when spoken louder . 
  not even english . 
  while you do have a good chance to meet someone who does speak english , do n't expect everyone to pander to you . 
  `` last name , servus '' or `` servaaaaaaaaaaas gschissena '' when friends are calling . 
  it is . 
  punishment includes heightened prices in apres ski tents . 
  yes , it is ... [ and thank all gods for that . 
  ] ( http://images.ichkoche.at/data/image/variations/496x384/4/default-img-38739.jpg ), 
  [ tfw ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/135e47vkw6tm6a/giphy.gif ), 
  nah , not on americans . 
  but i 'd say it would be just naive to think you could go ahead as if the government has n't changed . 
  with trump in office , trust should be a rare gift . 
  yours . 
  honestly , i 've been in pretty much every bigger cultural region and the most freaked out i got was in the us . 
  its probably because the scarring differences are more subtle than when i go to india , thailand , tansania , ... 
  if asked i could n't even describe exactly what it was that made me feel so foreign in the us , but your culture just rubs me the wrong way . 
  its somewhere between the standing exactly in a row at the train , the policemen getting a heart-attack because i forgot you ca n't take a beer in the park , the friendliness that to me seemed fake like a mask and so on and so forth . 
  its not irritating once you know they 're americans . 
  its a form of self-definition there , so i personally give it a pass . 
  i do , however , get annoyed when they go the next step and presume they have an intricate understanding of what it means to be austrian because they have austrian ancestors . 
  then i just feel insulted . 
  well , i guess some parts of the bigger cities in austria are n't exactly inviting places at night , but there are no outright no-go zones , far from it actually . 
  my favorite kebap is sold in a , by right-wing media , so called `` no-go '' zone . 
  i commute through them regularly . 
  i mean , i can see a person who is freaked out by anything not resembling their own culture to get a bit nervous , but the reality is that there really is n't a reason to be . 
  the us stopped being a reliable ally for at least the coming 4 years . 
  it only strengthened my belief that the eu should invest in being more ( or best case fully ) independent in both military and energy concerns . 
  na no na ned, 
  i once ate pancakes that were shaped like eagles , sprinkled with unidentified syrup and blue , red and white sprinkles . 
  * ` muuurica , fuck yeaaaa ... comin again , to save the mothafuckin day yea ... '' *, 
  [ caution : super deep ] ( http://files.enjin.com.s3.amazonaws.com/420613/modules/forum/attachments/phoenix_final07_by_eedenartwork-d5mohzq%5b1%5d_1453554223.jpg ), 
  one of the most sympathetic traits of my culture is , i 'd say , our `` commitment to congeniality '' . 
  our way of just being around each other , of talking with each other and our very special brand of politeness . 
  i 'm not sure if it is unique , but i certainly enjoy the austrian way in this matter . 
  it can create some interesting friction between us and other cultures that do congeniality different . 
  spotted the ukip voter . 
  whatever floats your boat , as long as you do n't want to force me to make it float mine . 
  or my nation 's . 
  i agree with / u/essiggurkerl there . 
  that seems to be everything bad about christianity without all the redeeming factors . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a widely known tale , i doubt it , but it is one i often got told as a child , much like a fairytale . 
  it says that the people of salzburg were actually dwarves once , living in the untersberg to protect the last grave of charlemagne until his re-awakening . 
  when some lost hope they began to leave the mountain and built the city of salzburg over the ruins of iuvavum . 
  the truth is that salzburg , and austria as a whole has a very multicultural beginning as it was one of the core routes towards rome . 
  iuvavum was , for example , the capital of the province of noricum in the roman empire . 
  celts , bajuwars , romans , awaren , ... ... all came there and settled down , eventually making a more homogenous population under the advent of christianity . 
  i forgot that one . 
  i do n't even know where to start ... was it the one asking me about how old our f\u00fchrer is , the one who asked if lederhosen are mandatory to drink beer , or was it the one who asked if we 're all muslims by now ? 
  tough decision . 
  my personal thoughts : 1 ) too many cultures to name `` a '' people . 
  but those i met seemed very superficial and had a weird , almost compulsive need to place their expensive smartphone right where i could see it . 
  2 ) a shitton of cultures pressed into one nation . 
  they really do n't like the pakis . 
  mahatma ghandi and colonization . 
  3 ) i really do n't know . 
  i only know they have a massive problem with rape and their environmental policies . 
  also the caste system is still splitting society neatly into pieces . 
  also i outsource a lot of my 3d stuff there for prices i would n't even stand up for in the morning . 
  somehow india is this huge country i know almost nothing about . 
  i do n't know why , but it just never seems to be important enough to make an effort and get informed . 
  hmm ... 
  i rename germany and call it northern austria . 
  just to spite 'em . 
  the name adolf kind of hit a low point afterwards . 
  0 \u00b0 c water freezes 100 \u00b0 c water boils celsius is best . 
  as long as a culture abides by `` freedom , equality , solidarity '' i completely support its equal treatment . 
  but if some culture threatens these values we ( should ) strive for , i deem it a hindrance or even threat for our european society as a whole . 
  translation and explanation : a german asks an austrian `` how is that mountain called ? '', 
  the austrian answers `` which one ? '', 
  `` beautiful name . 
  thanks . '', 
  the joke is that germans do n't understand austrian dialect and the german thinks `` w\u00f6chana '' is a name instead of a question . 
  german and english with a few others as selectives , but i never bothered . 
  i want to learn french though . 
  its really disgusting . 
  it tastes like the cheap chocolate you sometimes get as a welcome present on your hotel bed pillow , which you immediately regret eating . 
  sch\u00f6nbrunner deutsch , a viennese accent , makes me want to kill people when i hear it . 
  the way they stretch their vowels and the slight drawl of it ... gah !, 
  it sounds arrogant as hell . 
  french is 100 % nr .1 , closely followed by the southern european languages . 
  my personal favorite , though , is scottish . 
  would make sense when we have to fight those damn marsian folk for their goddamn iron . 
  and do n't even get me started on those belter scum . 
  simple : more available content . 
  i think of all the people in my general spheres of friends and acquaintances , only 3 truly say they 're atheists . 
  2 are strictly catholic , but the rest just does n't really give a damn . 
  we do n't have it and honestly , i do n't see how that design survived so long . 
  having to use an extra carafe or whatever to pour it seems so ineffective . 
  then the transport of this thing instead of the more reliable cartons ... no , we do n't have that and i 'm glad we do n't . 
  really ?
