  given that you guys are by far the biggest chunk of immigrants in austria , social and cultural ties are pretty tight between germany and austria . 
  well ... germany , i guess . 
  although , we 're austrians , we 're chill with anyone as long as he does n't stay too long and pays well for his hotel room . 
  also , australia . 
  this group ... 
  first the hungarians beat the shit out of us and then the icelanders go even with portugal . 
  well ... of course . 
  you have asphalt or concrete street to any backcountry , end of the world village here - or at least graveled ones that are n't featured on `` world 's most dangerous roads '' . 
  you have electricity basically everywhere and water readily available at the tap . 
  why would we spend that much on infrastructure if our infrastructure is pretty solid already ? 
  not that there are n't some open projects lying around in both na and eu , but we 're not even close to the demand that china has . 
  ` cus irish jolly is all they have and all they ever need . 
  history disagrees with you . 
  we have come to accept this non-aggression between each other as the status quo . 
  and the moment someone has to gain something by attacking , there is potential for war . 
  without treaties to bind us to peace , war is not a question of `` if '' , but of `` when '' . 
  no , you should n't . 
  but not so much because of the economic problems following the brexit , but because it would ultimately mean the beginning of the end of the most successful peace-project this world has ever seen . 
  people tend to forget that the eu nations would long be overdue for a war if not for the union . 
  and i personally can do without being drafted for some war at any point in my life . 
  oh , thats without doubt . 
  i should 've written that i 'm speaking more long-term . 
  during the following years after brexit , the eu and britain will both have to react to the changing dynamics . 
  however , most european countries have good possibilities to compensate for the uk , while the uk will lose some invaluable competing power . 
  to prophecise whats going to happen is practically impossible . 
  its just pretty clear that it wo n't be pretty for all parties involved , least of all the ones who seem to initiate this coming economic shitfest - the working class brit . 
   a lower pound was good for exports , he said . 
  what exports ? 
  hedgefonds ? 
  or the stuff that the germans can easily deliver without the additional taxes ? 
  the uk shares the three biggest export sections with germany , that being machines , transportation ( cars , ... ) and chemical products . 
  with 8 of the top 10 export destinations of the uk being within the eu , i 'm sure that the brexit would , despite a weak sterling , lead to nothing but uk industries struggling with new pricing , while the germans may think about building more factories . 
  brexit is fucking stupid . 
  however , nobody but the brits will suffer from it . 
  how could it possibly be that every publication in a democratic nation is against a totalitarian ? 
  what a mystery . 
  damn , he found us out !, 
  ** abandon ship !, 
  you see ... even when they 're doing evil stuff the germans are simply better at it . 
  then you obviously did n't drink enough . 
  ayyyyy, 
  dead sea levels of it . 
  because once the butthurt-hype is over you still want to roll in style . 
  guys , i figured out their tactics . 
  they try to make us roll our own eyes out . 
  then they 'll strike . 
  more mercedes for the chinese . 
  or destabilization if its a communist country . 
  jesus christ you 're an idiot . 
  yea , buddy ... keep telling yourself that . 
  wat no ... no thats not worth . 
  wtf , what happened ? 
  well , your beaches are wonderful , no matter the government . 
  better delete that before erdogans jimmies are rustled again . 
  germany be like : `` yea , you see ... we 're kind of the experts on the field so we know it when we see it . '', 
  well ... no shit . 
  does this surprise anyone ? 
  well , hofer * is * member of the marko-germania and is rather open with his connections to the far-right side of the fp\u00d6 . 
  he is n't hitler , but he 's waaay too close for comfort . 
  phew ... that was too close for comfort . 
  `` australia ? 
  i love kangurus ! '', 
  honestly , i 'm trying to think of something more complex and ca n't really come up with anything . 
  space-technology , robotics , subnautics , experimental facilities ( such as cern ) and computing ( at least whats known ) do n't seem to be as ridiculously complex as that thing . 
  if this time something happens i 'll consider the first best habsburg-descendant i hear from as the new kaiser , fuck it . 
  fucking finally ... 
  i 'm so sick of this already . 
  truth . 
  because them being an unmarried pair is the problem here ... what the fuck , turkey . 
  hitlers house was n't all that precious , though . 
  something is n't valuable simply because its old . 
  and frankly , having nazis doing pilgrimages to that house was n't exactly what braunau understood under tourism . 
  they were called neo-nazis in our news . 
  spot on description . 
  despicable people with disgusting ideologies . 
  the normalization of fascism in the usa is shocking and one can only hope that after this terror attack ( which thankfully did n't claim more lifes ) people wake up to the fact that their precious union is having a serious right-wing domestic terrorism problem . 
  well ... you 'll never see a eu citizen being deported from a eu country . 
  thats why we have the eu ... you ca n't deport someone who is legally here . 
  when it comes to their financial and social success here , i ca n't make a statement . 
  our biggest immigrant group * by far * are the germans and those guys tend to get along with the culture pretty fast ( i mean , with no language barrier its rather easy ) . 
  i 'd definitely support ( and think there even exist ) free language classes for all kinds of immigrants . 
  honestly , the biggest problems are with people from non eu and non-europe nations . 
  currently that 's especially true for afghan and syrian immigrants . 
   amerikkka   kkk kek, 
  british oxford english . 
  though , through popular media , i came to understand american english much easier . 
  those are really the peaks . 
  i pity anyone who is n't at some lake on those days . 
  but those days are rare , around 20 to 40 every year , so buying a private ac is just not worth it . 
  yeah , i like the salt mines as well . 
  its good fun . 
  the carts are called `` sommerrodeln '' - literally summer-sleds . 
  the sound of music tours are almost 100 % cashgrabs . 
  i think theres 1 , * maybe * 2 tours out there that actually are worth the money , if you 're interested in a bit of a salzburg-history lesson . 
  there is actually a petition going around to limit the tours and/or quality-control them . 
  they 're a goddamn embarrassment for the city . 
   in apartment see ? 
  thats your problem . 
  go out , have a cool beer and then go back to the apartment . 
  i would think that all fiscal agreements signed before the decision to leave would be carried out .
