  i love the alps , prefer lakes and ponds over beaches and pools , i love skiing and one of the most peaceful places i could imagine is the peak of a mountain . 
  i love the food , the drink and the traditions surrounding them . 
  my favorite wines are all austrian , and so on and so forth . 
  however , since i loathe most of the 8 million in that country , i would n't call myself a patriot . 
  despite my love for its nature and landscapes , i plan on leaving the nation , maybe forever , because nothing is worth dealing with the bullshit of austrians for the rest of my life . 
  i once was inclined to believe the european dream , but the current crisis has shown me how well that worked out . 
  honestly , my confidence in the eu has dropped from `` cautious '' to `` non existent '' . 
  what does it say for an organisation if i instinctively believe everything they say to be a lie . 
  hell , if they tell me `` the sky is blue '' i 'd check again for myself , just to be sure . 
  dayum , we 're good . 
  high five , austria !, 
  beautiful country , great food and good , hearty people . 
  thats what i remember from my visit there . 
  and i 'm just sitting here , waiting for the fire to settle down so we can have a bbq lunch . 
  i 'm just glad my professors and fellow students are n't this obsessed with making students play safe like kindergarteners . 
  imagine that . 
  a class on philosophy and you 're not permitted to ask why exactly we deem rape , for example , immoral . 
  a question that * always * follows a discussion on morals and the many thesis behind it . 
  you would n't be allowed to analyze xenophobia , the value of a life , utilitarism , kant , platon , nietzsche , ... ... ... . 
  the worst we got is someone demanding to remove heideggers works from the curriculum because of his pro-nazism views . 
  and fortunatly , that did n't go through . 
  quite the contrary . 
  his xenophobic and nazi views did n't infect his works on scientific work and academic learning . 
  its the purest of ironies that the work of someone openly nazi has predicted this happening in his texts . 
  thats a nice bunch of roses . 
  i 'm sure the mrs. will love them . 
  not everything , by far . 
  while the colonist era , the world wars and our incredibly ressource-hungry way of living are certainly to blame for many problems on this world , saying that its completely our fault is of course wrong in many instances . 
  however , isis really is something we jump-started with our actions . 
  not to mention that there are over 30.000 people fighting for them that came from within our own societies . 
  sure there were other factors . 
  but i 'm not saying that we take all of the responsibility . 
  isis is a cancer that grew of our own mistakes and shortcomings . 
  while we need to take a good look at ourselves to make amends and learn from those mistakes , whats done is done . 
  force is needed to cut the cancer that has already grown out for good . 
  given out oh-so precious `` neutrality '' , we ca n't join in officially . 
  but i can see many of our troops volunteer to join different armies in order to fight under their flag . 
  one of the best layout fuckups of the year . 
  rightwingers fp\u00d6 on a good way to become the strongest power in austria , to name just one example . 
  and we accept that . 
  but should you ever feel lonely , forgotten , or vulnerable , remember : we 're here and we love you . 
  you twats . 
  could you tell me why ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  my gut feeling was on hofer at the last vote , as the refugee crisis gave his campaign a lof of fuel . 
  now that this crisis went back to page-10 news , i can see vdb expanding his lead . 
  though that 's just me and my conclusion from subjective perspectives . 
   make eu great again #mega if the uk would come back into the fold , i could forgive this year for all its shortcomings . 
  i sure hope we can get this behind us at the december vote . 
  it got a bit tedious . 
  no , i do n't think trump will have too much of an impact on our election . 
  though , considering that van der bellen only won the last election by a bit over 30.000 votes ( i think ~ 0.3 % ) , maybe this us election tips the scales in favor of hofer in the next run . 
  although , since the immigrant crisis has gone more calm and silent nowadays , i actually see vdb winning this again . 
  then again , 2016 brought many things i did not expect . 
  in any case , i 'll vote and we 'll see . 
  i always knew ireland had something about it . 
  its jedi approved . 
  felipe is enough !, 
  just vote #calxit, 
  sooooo ... about that european military ... 
  i 'm not saying i have * much * hope ... 
  unexpected , but in hindsight understandable . 
  hillary alienated a huge voter-base at the dnc by sidelining sanders . 
  trump on the other hand had people jump up for him to vote , because frankly , his opponents in the republicans were weak . 
  i 'm kind of split in my mood . 
  on one hand i enjoy seeing the dnc debacle blow up into hillary 's face . 
  on the other hand we now have trump to deal with for 4 years . 
  one can only hope he gets somewhat competent advisors and stays far ... ** far ** away from his twitter during the next 4 years . 
  i love good food too much to do that . 
  exactly, 
  i for one think wales are twats too . 
  those bloody twats ai n't article 50-ing out of here , so we gun ' smash 'em . 
  i like how we sucked up the entirety of cyprus . 
  i guess this is a decade in the future , our date with turkey went * really * bad and we even deleted the number afterwards . 
  hahaha, 
  someone hook me onto a generator , i think the rolling of my eyes may power a small city by now . 
  yes it does . 
  if you paid attention you 'll find that any culture is capable of great violence and can inflict suffering upon those weaker and defenseless . 
  and the bear is flexing like `` damn boy , you wan ' sum of this candy ? '', 
  [ using the image of a bear in this context . 
  i do n't know who thought this was a good idea . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twqlpfrm5im ), 
  saved for eventual use as reaction-pic, 
  a people who has power and uses said power against those around them is bound to do horrible things . 
  fascists , racists and bigots even more so . 
  it has always been like that , throughout history and through all ethnicities and cultures . 
  your flair does n't show , but it may be that your country was never in such a position . 
  maybe your people have always been condemned to endure and prevail , rather than have power over others . 
  but are you really telling me that you believe that somewhere in the ... i do n't know ... genes of germans , there is a protein that makes them especially bloodthirsty ? 
  do you truly believe that germans are different in their potential for violence ? 
  that they are somehow more prone to killing ? 
  spain , of course . 
  come on , pay attention . 
  we want you to be a eu country , now do n't we ? 
  i thought that was what the cool kids do these days ? 
  fits like a glove . 
  landbridge to greenland is go !, 
  okay now , listen up . 
  we need you guys to ~ ~ take ~ ~ free gibraltar from the brits , then send some folks here to live there and then we gon na railroad you through this process . 
  easy .
