  on the other hand , i get that different countries have different diplomatic approaches outside of their combined efforts in the union . 
  interesting would be to have some sort of `` european citizenship '' for active soldiers of the eufor . 
  soldiers that would be deployed to serve in the european forces would exchange their nationality with a european citizenship , temporarily , making them independent of national concerns . 
  but hey , thats me typing some random thoughts . 
  as i said , i 'm not educated enough in that matter to give more than just general opinion about it . 
  once you 're gone from the union its only a matter of time until you march on paris again . 
  i just know it . 
  because bavaria is basically northern austria is basically bavaria . 
  cs : go standard vocabulary on eu servers, 
  nuff said . 
  the same i think about any far-right politician that uses the fear of the people , especially of people of low education , to further their own gains and goals . 
  i hate these people from the bottom of my heart . 
  i love the country i grew up with and i do love my culture . 
  that does n't mean i love the way in which austria governs itself or that i necessarily think it needs to be 100 % independent . 
  i 'd be just as much in love with my birth-place if it was a european state and not a nation . 
  why i 'm not a patriot is probably because i do n't feel any kind of superiority because i 'm austrian . 
  i never worked for that , i was born here . 
  its a gift to be austrian and i cherish it as such , but i wo n't take pride in receiving a gift . 
  furthermore i lived too much in other european countries over the years to see much of a difference . 
  i loved madrid like i loved salzburg , i loved amsterdam like i loved vienna and i love prague where i will live for the next 5 months . 
  i feel welcome in europe and very much feel more like a citizen of the union than i feel a citizen of austria . 
  and sure , once its done , entangling from the union will be that much harder . 
  we see it now with the uk , as they find themselves confronted with the fact that they have to cancel all contracts with the eu and renegotiate almost all of them ( if the initial plan of article 50 stands , i 'm not sure whats going on on that front ) . 
  its hard enough without having to cut your own military out of a bigger armed force . 
  when we begun this crazy relationship , marriage was kind of an avoided subject . 
  just think , a continent bathed in each others blood for 2000 years and after one of the bloodiest wars ever they go ahead with a peace project never before seen . 
  `` we 'll see where this is going '' was pretty much best case scenario for those negotiations . 
  a ) we 're breaking apart , back towards smaller nations struggling for themselves ( with culturally alike unions forming ) . 
  i see this as the more likely outcome currently , as the eu fails time and time again to make its citizens feel represented by the parliament and commission . 
  b ) we 'll eventually ( like 100 years + ) grow into one culture and federation due to the massive exchange of people , know-how and services we already share . 
  for this to happen i think we have to switch to a stronger european parliament and maybe even completely abolish the commission in exchange for a `` european government '' made up from the parties of the parliament . 
  at the very least the parliament has to get a massive increase in power and importance . 
  we 're growing closer together , yes . 
  as i said , i gathered you 're a nationalist , uk patriot and all that so this probably makes no sense to you , but i for one would welcome closer and closer relationships with the nations of the union . 
  going from a union of energy , to a union of trade , to a union of shared values ( laws ) , to a union of defense is just making progress . 
  progress i personally welcome as i think the days of small nations has to eventually find an end in times like ours . 
  i was 4 and went to italy . 
  the only thing i remember personally is seeing the sea and the arcades in the shopping street . 
  my mum always tells the story of me looking for a shore on the other side because my brain was n't making the connection of such endless waters . 
  the biggest amount of water i 've ever seen at that time was a lake in the alps where you could row to the other side in about half an hour . 
  i actually cried because obviously a lake or sea needed a shore all around , so the waters stretching to the horizon ( i 'm pretty sure as a kid of the alps i did n't really have a concept of what a horizon was , ) did n't really count . 
  my mum says i actually asked `` where is it ? '', 
  as i was standing right in front of it . 
  yes . 
  there are some . 
  most are either `` new york jazz club '' in design or `` texas cowboy yeeehaaaa !, 
  '' , if you know what i mean . 
  their menu is mostly steak , burger and glorious american sunrise dessert aka . 
  breakfast . 
  you have a combined budget and combined forces that are quickly deployed to regions where they 're needed . 
  without much bureaucracy , northern countries could send troops to help southern countries control the outer borders , or the eu could be much faster and more effective in helping/intervening in conflicts elsewhere . 
  also , an european army is a lot more fearsome than separated armies could ever be . 
  especially in a time where all around us countries get destabilized more and more , it would be reassuring to have a fast-reacting military force available . 
  this is of course dependent on a well thought out basis on laws and protocols . 
  i would not feel well protected if this army would be in the hand of the commission alone . 
  i 'm also very aware that whatever we tell you , you would n't listen anyway . 
  from your comment history i see you 're a loud supporter of the brexit and nationalist by heart . 
  its no wonder this idea would n't find much support with you . 
  `` gesundheit '' which , i 've heard , is actually a small prayer that came up during the time of the pestilence , wishing health to yourself . 
  mozart , me thinks . 
  i came to party . 
  but i soon recognized its beauty and prolonged my stay to check out the rest of the island , not just paceville . 
  also , maltese cuisine is amazing . 
  i honestly did n't expect much from a island that is basically a small desert with a relatively big city on it , but i was proven wrong . 
  for camping , yes . 
  my parents own one . 
  we just generally do n't drive a second house around . 
  ours are a bit smaller . 
  i 'm not sure about lies , but some tourists ( mostly us citizens ... sigh ) come with some very twisted expectations . 
  here are some of my favorite complains from tourists i 've heard as a tour guide : * none of us sing in lederhosen and dirndl . 
  most of us do n't even walk around in those . 
  * we 're not germany * nobody yodels around here * there are modern buildings, 
  not in its current state . 
  i 've never been on the `` they 're barely europe anyway '' defense , as i see the eu as more than just its geography . 
  however , turkey in its current form does its very best to not conform with the idea of the union . 
  i 'd welcome them if i 'd be convinced that their fundamental values and ideals have become equal of those we share in the union . 
  freedom of speech , democracy , freedom of the press , human rights , ... judging from its current state , i simply can not imagine them being anywhere close to that within at least the first half of the 21st century . 
  edit : oh , right and they * still * fuck around with cyprus . 
  as dubbed media is * very * good in german compared to some other languages , i prefer that . 
  only when i watch something with small production budget that was n't able to pay a good dubbing-studio i prefer subs . 
  but the question is a bit lost on me since i watch most things in english anyway . 
  ~ 10 % in restaurants if the service was okay . 
  round up to the next convenient number to make your waiter love you even more . 
  none in nightclubs , bars , ... . 
  people mostly just round up because searching for single cent coins in badly lit clubs is a pain in the ass . 
  consider giving some if you pay with a credit card , but know that probably none of that will reach the waiter . 
  services are a lot like nightclubs . 
  the next convenient amount is not only acceptable , but appreciated . 
  other services are mostly not tipped . 
  sometimes businesses like hairdressers have a lil ' donation box for coffee out , but you really do n't have to do that . 
  i 'm curious , how did that happen ? 
  2 ) not a member anymore . 
  i 've been catholic until i made my own decision about it . 
  4 ) agnostic atheist would probably fit best . 
  5 ) the search of humanity for more than just themselves in a universe that is too big to comprehend and a end that is too frightening to face without an explanation . 
  one of , if not * the * main emotional fuel for wars worldwide . 
  indifference to outright xenophobic hate . 
  true support for them grows less and less . 
  no , we do n't do that anymore . 
  the best kind of peach .
