  then again , contributing to the fund is better done long-term , while spending from that fund is probably done relatively short-term . 
  so i would wager that payments after an eu-exit would be considerably less than paying into the fund . 
  for what ? 
  for the 30 days a year when air draft would n't suffice ? 
  too expensive for too little pay-off . 
  i do n't have an ac . 
  i open windows and let draft do its thing . 
  a few things , but lately i encountered one thing quite a bit : our deeply rooted nation-wide inferiority complex . 
  austria is a nation with great and long history . 
  we trace our roots back to the roman empire , and the celtic tribes in the area . 
  however , our biggest era of historic identification is definitely the habsburg empire . 
  the roots of our culture were lain in this era . 
  someof the most beautiful cities of the world were built in this time . 
  we were * important * . 
  now we 're a 8 million people nation , that whenever it speaks out internationally , gets a condescending clap on the back by our northern brothers the german at best . 
  * cough * pkw-maut * cough * that is something a lot of proud and patriotic austrians are n't really happy about ( and even the less patriotic ones sometimes are annoyed about ) . 
  so when they talk with someone from another country , they * will * try to make their own country look better , whatever willfull ignorance , delusion or cherry-picking it takes . 
  its everywhere . 
  conversations , media , ads , ... 
  some team , somwhere in the world , of brilliant and absolutely stunning personalities could produce a cure against every illness ever , and the austrian media-landscape will still grant the fucking broom made-in-austria that was used to wipe the floors of the administrative building next to the laboratories an entire paragraph . 
  austria is a great country in its own right . 
  i 'm very proud of it . 
  but i am beyond annoyed about the fact that obviously we can not love ourselves for what we are . 
  that we gives as much of a shit about the media written about us as they do . 
  i can count the people in my circle of acquaintances on one hand who have seen `` the sound of music '' . 
  and all of them have at one time needed it to guide tourists through our city . 
  nobody who is n't working in tourism has seen `` the sound of music '' , is a relatively accurate thing to assume . 
  also their belief that they can just take a 20 minutes hike and see the greatest alpine panorama ever . 
  i do n't know where this comes from - if it is just , maybe , willfull ignorance of people who 'd have to heave their overweight bodies up to the 2.5 k peaks on a 4 + hours trail . 
   basically all that is blatantly untrue . 
  you did n't do your homework there . 
  he says that , but he still knows that jaque could wrap his girl up in sweet mumblings and then take her in his parisian flat until she forgets how to speak japanese . 
   hear well , we could start by questioning your mastery of the language . 
  people still think its a bit rough , but austrian german definitely blunts the hard edge that makes german sound so aggressive sometimes . 
  at least thats what i 've heard some english and french people say . 
  i pay into a private retirement fund since i was 15 years old . 
  its not overly expensive , but its more than nothing . 
  its just futile to predict how the pension system of austria would look in ~ 40 years when i retire . 
  a lot of stuff can happen during that time . 
  its reasonably stable now and i do n't predict it to become less so over the next decade at least . 
  i wo n't get the luxury pensions my grandparents got , but it will be enough , especially with the added private pension . 
   also , the bill of rights merely protects these rights , rather than granting them outright . 
  how can you protect something that has n't already been granted ? 
  would n't the fact that the constitution protects something automatically mean that the right is in place ( in order to be protected ) ? 
  but anyway , i have no idea . 
  given the general tone of the document , a reevaluation and modernization would probably do it some good . 
  almost nothing , tbh . 
  i know your capital is vilnius , you 're mostly ethnic lithuanians and you 've been part of the sovjet union . 
  one tidbit i remember is that the teutonic knights crusaded your pagan arses in the 13th century ( i believe ) :p 26 - austria edit : judging from the other responses i got ta say that my history teacher seemed to have done more than the average . 
  i do think that the culture around alcohol is getting eroded a bit . 
  honestly , i 'd appreciate a drinking limit of 18 for all alcohol , just as i 'd appreciate a ban on nicotine to the same age-line . 
  but we 're allowed to vote with 16 , so i think taking the decision away to get drunk would be a bit hypocritical . 
  but i 'd also appreciate to set the voting age back to 18 ... so yeah ... 
   but it means `` what the fuck are you doing/saying '' or `` what the fuck do you want '' that puts so many discussion i had with my italian roommate in a completely new light ... 
  i. . . hmmm ... 
  i may have to apologize ... 
  if i watch anything on tv its either arte or servustv . 
  arte is great . 
  its a beacon of well-made programs in a sea of mediocrity and reality-tv degeneration . 
  i especially enjoy their philosophy and art sections , which tend to find the mix between being not too into the subject to overwhelm someone not acquainted with the philosopher/art piece , but also profound enough to make it interesting for people educated in the subject . 
  no , in general reddit is used by a very , * very * low minority of europeans and a small spectrum of a few groups . 
  its in no way representative of the continent 's , the union 's or single nation 's discourses . 
  tunnelbear is pretty decent . 
  i saved the 1ban for my moderator needs . 
  but as far as i know they 're not allowed to charge you for it if they have n't asked . 
  frankfurter and wiener . 
  its practically the same kind of sausage , but its called `` frankfurter '' in austria and `` wiener '' in germany . 
  you 'd get a glass from the tap . 
  still , of course . 
  as most already asked : `` why ? '', 
  if you really just want to have some good conversation , i 'd guess you have to make it in a setting where people are open to it . 
  just approaching us on the street wont do you much good in that regard . 
  but you 'll have a hard time anyway . 
  i 've been to southeast-asia twice now , a month and a half each time . 
  i can count my conversations between me and locals on one hand that did n't immediately or eventually involve some kind of deal . 
  europeans came to expect nothing else from the locals . 
  to give some examples , the places where i had a good conversation with locals were the following : * around the fire at a cozy little backpacker lodge in the cameron highlands . 
  * on the beach of koh tao , slurping cocktails . 
  they celebrated their honeymoon . 
  * at a fullmoon party on kho phangan . 
  i honestly do n't know how we came to talk ... * on the train from penang to bankok . 
  they were fellow travelers . 
  * in a bar in hanoi , after we asked if we could share the table as the bar was so full . 
  bestereicher ... obviously . 
  neither . 
  we fuse into one , great alpine nation . 
  we shall call it the lederhosen alliance . 
  first mention of iuvavum / salzburg was ~ 15 bc when the romans took it from the celts and made it a municipium of the region noricum . 
  i 'm not sure when iuvavum became salzburg in name , but there has been mention of it as early as 696 ad under bishop rupert of salzburg , better known as saint rupert . 
  the oldest traces of settlement are as old as the neolithic age . 
  the region has long been dominated by celtic tribes until eventually they were invaded and conquered by the romans . 
  there are n't really ancient meeting places ( anymore ) . 
  the only comparable , interesting thing to notice is the continuously younger structures when you go from the oldest monestary , carved into the mountain , to the youngest buildings outside the old city gates . 
  almost all traces of the romans and celts have been erased thoroughly by the raids of the migration period and the following rule of the church state in the region . 
  ** those goddamn piefkes !, 
  ** germany is definitely our declared friendly rival . 
  ah , thanks for translating that bit of huttese . 
  yeah , i figured as much . 
  i mean , just the oil-revenue alone would be a real good argument towards the relative financial stability of scotland . 
  add to that their cultural and legislative compatibility coming from * being a member as part of the uk * and what the hell would anyone wait for ?
