thats low , man . 
  nobody 's more accurate than the germans . 
  i 'm pretty sure if someone would do it , you could get the exact amount of gold harvested from jewish teeth . 
  that thing looked sinister . 
  prostitutes as `` recreation '' , i love it . 
  and i just found out that maretania still has some sort of slavery . 
  he knows !, 
  nice try . 
  we do n't fall for that one again . 
  then please , cure it . 
  i 'm serious here . 
  please tell me what arguments i have missed . 
  ah , you talk about that kind ... well , no , i have considered them but i fail to see any reasonable argument as to why this would be a good thing to happen . 
  or as a friend of mine once said so eloquently : `` sovereignity does n't get you shit on the global scale . '', 
  but i may be wrong here . 
  i 'm not an archive of arguments . 
  if you have some that make sense , i 'd love to hear them . 
  oh , i 've found plenty already . 
  i myself am quite critical when it comes to the everyday processes in the governing bodies of the eu . 
  but the general consent those sceptics i 've met seem to have is that the eu is a good thing that 's run badly . 
  something that needs reform and something that is worth reforming . 
  after all , at the very least , the nations of europe are n't at each others throats for the longest time in history now . 
  that fact alone makes the tedious project of reforming worth the time , i think . 
  which mostly have to do with structural problems of the union . 
  things that are better changed from inside , then by just reseting the continent to a bunch of insignificant dwarf-nations . 
  our rejected art students are n't f\u00fchrer material anymore . 
  theres no way we could pull it off without one . 
  luv you too , sweetie . 
  i like different opinions and i love discussing them as long as these opinions are founded on fact , not blind belief and fear . 
  i tried that . 
  several times . 
  it truly is the better approach , but it takes a long time and something i do not possess - patience . 
  i do n't know where to start or where to end , but i 'll give it a try . 
  the overall feel you have when talking to them is as if you 're talking with a very bad ai that got responses hardcoded . 
  i think that is actually the most frustrating part , since it is n't so far from the truth . 
  even if you direct them towards information , statistics or history that refutes , or simply destroys their arguments , they wo n't listen , let alone change what they call opinion . 
  and other than the weirdo at the bar that everybody laughs about , these people actually find ears that will listen to them . 
  and its always this childspeak that is so easy to understand , but lacks any depth . 
  that makes you sit there , surgically breaking apart their argument , with everybody just staring blankly at you . 
  then he answers with some nationalist catchphrase and the entire table nods their heads . 
  then there is the issue with them never taking on any sort of responsibility . 
  they 're never wrong , not in argument nor in what they do . 
  if they do anything at all , anyway . 
  they do n't have the slightest idea of `` source-checking '' or , god help them , verify their information by counterchecking . 
  and everything that refutes what their source of choice writes is called `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' or `` lying press '' . 
  its just ... 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe that gave you an idea . 
  yes , there are . 
  there are a lot of arguments against how it operates , how it communicates , ... 
  but those people , and at least 30 % of austria , is completely uninterested in facts or actual discussion . 
  and instead of just shutting the fuck up , they make these dumb-ass peditions with arguments so bad , i 'm suprised platon did n't drill through greece by now , given how fast he must turn in his grave . 
  reading through that waste of paper was like listening to my krone-worshipping grandpa after 3 beer and a schnaps . 
  so fucking infuriating . 
   this sheds a bad light on austria - rightfully so , i might add . 
  its not like one more bad light would make that much difference . 
  if one could take a picture using bad light as illumination , austria would be a burned out picture , no matter how fast the shutterspeed is . 
  i 'm sure it would make a good polandball comic . 
  my impression is that while the academic top moves closer together due to programs like erasmus , the masses who feel left alone by their nations find it easy to blame the eu for everything . 
  i love that whenever i talk with someone who signed this , i can feel my iq sinking with every `` argument '' they make . 
  i 'm always gobsmacked at how ignorant some people can be . 
  the disappointment i feel towards my country and my people is beyond measure by now and its just keep moving into the negative . 
  this is just another small bit of the overall idiocy that calls itself politics in this nation . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  ahem ... we still decide on the rejected art student to send them . 
  so please be patient with the tanks . 
  boring but without a hangover afterwards ? 
  so ... farm animals and dogs/cats are out . 
  that covers the animal kingdom . 
  alright ... 
  ffs germany !, 
   homosexuality is n't natural well ... actually it is . 
  if our nearest cousins on the tree of life are any indication , we may have used ( and use ) the gay for occasional stress relief in prehistoric times and probably after that as well . 
  also , there are a shitton of species who engage in homosexual acts . 
  its nothing uncommon in the animal kingdom . 
  eventually . 
  for now , we 're too far apart in cultural terms . 
  give it another 100 years . 
  < fainthope  dude , pirate party on iceland . 
  the revolution is nigh . 
  pff , as if . 
  we would never do such a thing . 
  its all those damn aussies . 
  i already see some guy yodeling at the top of ayers rock . 
  i always knew that people who do n't drink are literally hitler . 
  never trust a sober man :d, 
  a bit of it , anyway . 
  oh come on , he wanted to get rid of her but did n't have the balls to tell it to her how it is . 
  and now he got what he bargained for . 
  never in my life have i seen such a media clusterfuck as the refugee crisis . 
  there is a reason why the `` krone '' is the most read newspaper here . 
  i know people are gullible , self-obsessed and lazy in their thinking throughout the world . 
  its just how people are on their bad sides . 
  but combined with the almost phlegmatic way of dealing with politics , the rampant and accepted , every-day corruption , and the blatant disregard for any form of rational thought that threatens to change * anything * , austrians are part of the worse cultures on that spectrum . 
  i 'm not quite sure how else to put it in words . 
  its mostly a feeling . 
  the distinctive , `` austrian '' frown , the phrases exclusive to our dialects , ... 
  i only know that i do n't have that feeling with a lot of other cultures . 
  i 'm much more comfortable surrounded by scandinavians , for example , than i am around austrians . 
  i 'm born in austria and have a deeply rooted love for the country itself .
