  you mean europe or africa ? 
  i think the big story of the latter half of the 21st century will be of * massive * migration from the southern hemisphere to the north , in order to remedy our problems ( ours of low birth rates , theirs of exceedingly high ) . 
  it will be extremely problematic politically , but it will be necessary . 
  i expect that conglomeration like this is simply the natural way of things . 
  what was movement from the countryside to the town in the 16th century , will be movement from the global south to global north in the 21st . 
  anyway , i think we 're both talking at tangents now . 
  my simple point was that in general wages , economic growth , productivity , and quality of service provision scale directly with population density . 
  it 's something to be embraced , not to be afraid of . 
  mehh , i 'm not so bitter that i would wish england 's population to fall just to benefit us in that way . 
  independence seems a better solution all round  and , just in case this is how it came across , i 'm not attacking you btw . 
  it 's just you hear this point of view really really often , ( that higher populations are in-and-of-themselves bad ) but it never seems to be more than an entirely knee-jerk , all-too human reaction to a much more complicated situation . 
  i think all through history people have been warning each other about the pending disaster to be brought on by higher populations , or higher population densities . 
  people in cities 500 years ago would have been bemoaning them growing beyond 10,000 people , warning that collapse was imminent . 
  but we developed more efficient means of living together . 
  it always happens . 
  better sewage systems . 
  better communication systems . 
  more efficient delivery of services and resources . 
  it 's the story of civilisation . 
  now , if a country * ca n't * manage its massive population density effectively , or if it 's come about very suddenly , sure , there are likely gon na be problems . 
  bangladesh might be an extreme example . 
  one solution might be to curb the population . 
  but an alternative solution would be to use technology to raise living standards and increase the efficiency of service provisions , allowing for a high population density . 
  i think you 're sorta missing my point by bringing up the fact english services ( particularly ) are under such strain . 
  now , in large part , this is brought about by funding decisions made by the british government . 
  decisions also about housebuilding . 
  and what * kind * of housebuilding . 
  but in the uk things might be greatly improved if we move to * higher * density in our cities . 
  we have a lot of scope for building * up * , something which has been much more common across europe in the last 50 years than in the uk . 
  we can spare the countryside , but still increase the population , and actually improve the delivery of services by living at higher densities . 
  i just do n't understand this thinking . 
  how do you decide what is an acceptable `` peak '' population ? 
  i understand the general idea that , perhaps eventually , at some point , world/regional/local populations can reach a critical level , where resources are stretched beyond breaking point - but how do you know that england has reached that point ? 
  is it just gut feeling ? 
  it 's a consideration to the extent that , depending how brexit goes down , i might be forced to move somewhere else in the eu with my girlfriend , if we want to have a chance of living together . 
  uk immigration rules for family members are absurd , even spouses , and so if freedom of movement ends and we 're dumped into the same immigration regime as currently applies to non-eu migrants , it might become next to impossible for us to live together in britain . 
  i 've already studied and worked abroad , and would be pretty comfortable settling into a new place , if we absolutely had to , even with the difficulties it would bring . 
  but i would seriously begrudge us being forced to leave scotland and set up a new life elsewhere out of sheer necessity , and not out of personal choice . 
  the current atmosphere in the uk is also making us consider it more seriously than before . 
  ah sorry , slow in replying . 
  yeah , i agree , maybe i was being a little hyperbolic . 
  i ca n't say for sure it 's the worst in europe . 
  it 's definitely the worst i 've experienced in some depth , of which i can talk about the netherlands , germany and poland . 
  in terms of value for money , it is really very bad . 
  i understand the complaints about deutsche bahn from u/focasateluca and others in this thread , but my overall complaint was the persistent lack of coordination of uk transport policy in general . 
  things are improving now with increased devolution of powers ( especially in scotland and now in the city regions of the north of england ) , but we 're making up for a lot of lost ground . 
  i understand there is n't a bottomless pit of money to be thrown at transport infrastructure , but it 's not just about public spending . 
  it 's also about not being entirely at the whim of private service providers . 
  i can really feel the difference between navigating a major city like manchester or glasgow , and say hamburg , amsterdam or warsaw , where they have over time been able to make public decisions about the linking up of different modes in a way we just have n't . 
  the result is they have phenomenal local public transport networks , with coordinated scheduling and ticketing . 
  as i say though , things are changing . 
  possibly in a few years time devolution could mean we see much more joined up thinking when it comes to transport in the regions outside london . 
  our rail network and public transport system in general is terrible and legit the worst i 've seen anywhere in europe . 
  the uk was one of the first countries to develop rail travel , and at one time had a comprehensive network that would have been the envy of the world , but you would never have thought it given the state of it now . 
  central government carried out a huge series of cuts to the network back in the 60s , called the [ `` beeching axe '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beeching_cuts ) . 
  almost 1/3 of rail lines were razed , and 55 % of stations closed . 
  at the time they thought they could save a tonne of money by doing it , and that people would move to using buses instead . 
  by the time the works were factored in , it did n't save any money , and people hated the replacement buses which were slow and unreliable , and so car use sky-rocketed . 
  then thatcher came along , and privatised what remained of the rail services , and the bus companies too , meaning services became even more fragmented . 
  what remained of infrastructure-spending on national railways collapsed , with money plowed into motorways instead , as in the new reaganism world of the individual , the car was king . 
  to make things worse , thatcher 's government [ passed a law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transport_act_1985 ) prohibiting individual british cities from controlling their own transport networks . 
  instead control over public transport * had * to be passed over to private companies . 
  there would be no way uk cities could organise an efficient network to suit the population 's needs , or offer cut price tickets like happens in almost every city across europe . 
  if a transport route is not profitable to a private company , tough - it will be discontinued , no matter how many people rely on it . 
  if private companies decided they did n't want to take part in local pricing schemes , they did n't could n't be forced to . 
  london only managed to get around this problem recently , and set up tfl , once it got its local government set up in 2000 . 
  fast forward to today , and we have a massive rail capacity crisis where there are literally not enough rail lines to meet demand for services . 
  things are especially bad in the southeast of england , and the routes between our major cities . 
  the high demand compared to low supply means prices are ludicrously and persistently high . 
  we 're only just now getting round to building the first high-speed rail connection between british cities ( decades behind every other western european country ) . 
  but to do so we have to bulldoze through housing developments that have sprung up in the meantime , so what could have been done 25 years ago is now insanely costly and hugely unpopular . 
  we complain a lot about our public-transport system ( how expensive it is , how crowded , how unreliable ) , and it might look like something everyone complains about in their own country , but legit , it is probably the worst of any i 've experienced anywhere in europe . 
  just to add a little thing to what 's already been said about erasmus . 
  they send out regular surveys to people who 've been on it , asking what you 're doing with their lives now , what their relationship status is , how their life has been affected by erasmus ... 
  seems that around 1 million `` erasmus babies '' have been born as a result of couples who 've met because the programme  http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/eus-erasmus-study-abroad-programme-responsible-for-1m-babies-9751749.html https://euobserver.com/education/125728 as someone who met their partner because of erasmus , and got an introduction to a completely new culture and language , i ca n't express in words just how much love i have for erasmus , 
  lots of people talking up ruth davidson 's chances , but realistically she 'd have to resign her scottish parliament seat , challenge for a seat in the next westminster election ( whenever that is ) , and only then a few years down the line at the earliest could she challenge for party leadership . 
  i do n't know if she ever will . 
  it 'd be such a naked sign of a pending leadership challenge if she did , so she 'd be in the bad books of whoever happens to be leader at that time . 
  she 's also the main `` face '' of unionism up here , if you want to put it like that , and i think she sees it now as her own personal battle to defend the union in scotland . 
  a second independence referendum could well get in the way . 
  so i think between being a little boxed in politically , and having plenty still to do up here , the chances of her actually ever being tory leader are quite low . 
  which is actually quite the loss for them . 
  she is a very adept and impressive politician in a time when there is a noticeable dearth of talent in the conservative party ( and i say that as a staunchly non-tory voter ) . 
  i think it 's most likely that the next conservative leader ( and maybe prime minister ) will be someone we have n't considered seriously . 
  may herself was a relative outsider , probably 3rd or 4th favourite for the job , after osborne , johnson and gove . 
  i remember even stephen crabb had better odds than her at the onset of the leadership selection process . 
  for various reasons though , each of these are already tainted candidates . 
  a lot will depend on the context of the conservative leadership election whenever it happens too . 
  if it happens before march 2019 , or in the context of a continuing transitional arrangement with the eu , i expect the desire amongst the tory base for a staunchly pro-brexit leader will win over . 
  maybe david davis has the best chance of anyone . 
  in the end , although i highly doubt she 'll fight another general election , i think theresa may could well go on for a lot longer than we 're all predicting right now . 
  for one simple reason - although the tories are fighting amongst themselves very publicly now , and that might become amplified during the tory party conference in october , i think their instinct for collective self preservation will kick in . 
  when it comes down to it , they do n't want to open up an opportunity for a new general election in the near future - one that labour under corbyn would have a very real chance of winning . 
  https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/grossvalueaddedgva/bulletins/regionalgrossvalueaddedincomeapproach/december2016#what-was-the-average-gva-in-your-local-area outside of london , there 's the south east of england ( where many large companies and distributors are based ) , then aberdeenshire and north east-scotland ( largely down to north sea oil ) , then city regions like edinburgh , glasgow , manchester , leeds , belfast . 
  although , there is still substantial inequality and poverty to be found within each of these regions themselves . 
  wales and the north-east of england are the poorest areas with the greatest levels of deprivation . 
  yes , i know . 
  it 's still an incredibly cruel , badly designed policy . 
  like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut . 
  these are the effects : http://home.bt.com/news/news-extra/theres-now-15000-children-in-skype-families-who-only-see-one-parent-via-a-screen-11364002685664 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-22833136 http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/david-lordkipanidze-torture-victim-forced-watch-child-grow-up-skype-uk-immigration-policy-a7841656.html,
