right , clearly we 're not gon na see eye to eye on this . 
  but for what it 's worth : i saw a post whose subtext ( regardless of the wording of op 's text ) was celebrating continued success of the eu . 
  not europe . 
  i understood `` european '' in the context of the picture , and events in the hours before to be an expression of solidarity across the eu . 
  i expressed my sadness we will not be part of this . 
  i did n't mean to claim you or i are no longer european . 
  i think you have to be purposely trying not to understand me at this point . 
  but have a nice day , 
  insufferable because apparently you know the meaning of my post better than i do . 
  nope ... 
  i did n't . 
  i replied to a picture which had the clear connotation of celebrating the continuation of the eu , with a message expressing my sadness we are leaving that institution . 
   i hope you are n't this insufferable in real life . 
  nope , but given that the eiffel tower was lit up in these colours in the specific context of the defeat of a candidate with the expressed aim of taking france out of the * eu * ( not * europe * ) , i do n't see that i 've said anything contentious . 
  we know this was in reference to the eu not europe . 
  :'( for a little while longer at least, 
  you 're getting downvoted for this , but it 's unfortunately true , although , maybe not in hugely significant numbers . 
  a couple of friends of friends who are very pro independence admitted recently that they voted for brexit for precisely this reason - to `` make independence more likely '' . 
  i 'm pro-indy too , but i was apoplectic with them when they tried to explain their reasoning to me . 
  selfish morons . 
  yeah , a lot of other people will say it 's just an increase in people expressing racist thoughts , not an actual increase in the number of racists . 
  even if this is true , it 's just as bad . 
  hmm it really depends on what kind of commitment you make to it , whether you can make decent money from it . 
  i was in an amateur band myself with friends while i was a student . 
  it was hit and miss whether we got paid by a venue . 
  but then , we did n't take it totally seriously . 
  it was just a fun thing we loved doing . 
  at our peak we maybe played a gig once a week , but were more interested in having fun than making reliable money from it . 
  we took some gigs at venues where we knew we would n't get any payment , or even where we lost a bit of money in the end , just so we could put on a show . 
  different venues have different arrangements . 
  some work with something like `` pay to play '' , like you say , where the band will be expected to sell a minimum number of tickets , and anything over and above that the band keeps the takings from . 
  a lot of young kids especially fall prey to this ( we did plenty of times when we were younger and a bit more naive ) . 
  they take on a gig , maybe based on the venue 's prestige , and also under the assumption that the promoter will help fill the place ( which never happens ) and then struggle to sell the minimum number of tickets . 
  there 's no risk for the venue in this cause they can just demand the band cough up the money for the tickets they owe them . 
  it 's a shitty deal , and we came across a few unscrupulous `` promoters '' , or basically middle-men , who make their money by taking advantage of young bands . 
  then again , you really can avoid all this . 
  in some of the smaller and best venues ( some cool basement bars for example ) , you just hire out the gig space for the night , and get total control over everything . 
  the hire cost is usually pretty reasonable , and if you get together with a couple of bands you know , and share the cost , you can put on some really great nights , and also make a bit of money from it . 
  it 's really about knowing which venues offer good value for money . 
  a couple of bands i know do this regularly , and make reasonable money from selling merch/cds on top of ticket sales . 
  they put the money into recordings , and back into hiring out more gig venues , and it ends up kind of funding itself . 
  this is where the `` scene '' , if you 'd call it that , of local bands really is . 
  everyone gets to know one another , ends up playing at one another 's gigs around town and brings their fans/friends along . 
  if you 're any good , you might stand a chance of getting noticed by someone with connections to higher up the food-chain . 
  a couple of bands i know got signed by minor labels after doing this . 
  what i 've been describing though are the venues that have a separate `` space '' for bands , away from the main bar , where the event is ticketed , or there 's an entry fee . 
  there are also a few notable pubs/bars around town that have live bands in their main room , next to the bar - either as a kind of background music or attraction in itself . 
  ( although usually these are cover bands , who maybe occasionally get an opportunity to play some of their own stuff . 
  i dunno if that 's what you 're thinking of ) . 
  in these situations the band is usually paid by the bar . 
  i know one guy who makes his living from playing in venues like this around glasgow with his band , although they also play weddings and other events for most of their income . 
  so yeah , it is really varied . 
  but if you develop a relationship with the right people and venues , you can avoid it just being a costly hobby . 
  out of curiosity , where are you from yourself ? 
  are you thinking of moving to europe to play music for a while ? 
  one of the best things about living in glasgow is the fantastic music scene . 
  i 'd say it 's probably the best place in the uk for live music outside of london . 
  there 's a ton of venues around the city , for all sorts of sizes of acts - from bigger international touring bands , to local independent musicians/bands . 
  there 's a [ long history of popular bands ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?site=&amp;source=hp&amp;q=bands+from+glasgow&amp;oq=bands+from+glasgow&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3..35i39k1j0i22i30k1l3.793.2813.0.2951.19.16.0.0.0.0.227.2084.4j9j2.15.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..4.15.2082.0..0j0i67k1j0i20k1j0i131k1.e-i01ql1rq0 ) who made their start in the city , and we have lots of venues that still pride themselves on hosting nights where just young , local bands will play . 
  there 's been a really good `` indie '' scene for a while now ( i hesitate to use that word , cause it lumps a lot of quite varied bands together and maybe makes them sound more generic than they actually are ) . 
  there 's a little yellow and red newsletter that you can find on the tables in many glasgow pubs , telling you what the upcoming gigs are for the next month . 
  i do n't mean the big international acts , but the indie gigs that will be on in all of the smaller venues around town ( usually the basement of a pub ) . 
  i dunno who distributes this but it 's really handy  on any given night you 'll be able to find local bands playing in plenty of places all over town . 
  but there are also a couple of pubs that have regular folk music sessions too . 
  usually the same bunch of old guys that have been drinking and playing there together for decades . 
  there 's one old pub that 's a hangout for guys who used to be session or touring musicians for some bigger folk/rock acts back in the 60s and 70s . 
  it 's been a while since i was there , but it was amazing to see them tucked into the corner of this creaky old wooden pub , playing songs from their era , with everyone drunkenly singing along . 
  in the uk , it has to be edinburgh . 
  although i think [ stirling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stirling ) is very pretty from certain angles . 
  and i love the hilly/mountainous landscape around it . 
  http://res.cloudinary.com/jpress/image/fetch/w_700,f_auto,ar_3:2,c_fill/http://www.scotsman.com/webimage/1.4499617.1499683062!/image/image.jpg in all of europe , hmm it 's hard . 
  there are many beautiful cities , but there 's such variety . 
  they all have something different to offer . 
  my personal favourite is budapest . 
  wroclaw maybe too . 
  just absolutely beautiful architecture . 
  wwi should be taught in * much * greater detail than it currently is . 
  so much time and energy is spent on wwii throughout the whole of school life , but frankly , much of it is time wasted , because the curriculum is so repetitive and pretty superficial . 
  most kids do n't learn about the basic forces that caused wwi , and yet , it was arguably the more profoundly era altering event than wwii was . 
  in fact , i 'd go as far as to say most kids are n't even raised with a good idea of what wwi * was * . 
  so much about what became of the modern world is bundled into that conflict . 
  it would be a fantastic lens through which to discuss and learn more about things like nationalism ( s ) , the demise of empire , the rise of modernity , the russian revolution , the 20th century fault-lines in the middle east . 
  it 's a perfect starting point to then learn about the rest of the 20th century . 
  it is also a great crux for learning a little of the history of the european continent as a wider entity . 
  in all of school we hardly learned anything about the histories of other european countries . 
  a crash course in wwi necessarily introduces kids to the `` old europe '' that they never otherwise come across - hohenzollern germany , the russian tsardom , the reappearance of poland , national movements in the balkans and austria hungary . 
  learning about wwi , and the old order that it swept away , forces you to realise the transience and relative novelty of the systems we take for granted , and puts you in touch with a bygone era , in a way wwii does n't . 
  instead , much of this is bypassed , and i think so much emphasis put on wwii purely because the imagery of hitler , the nazis , and the holocaust resonates through popular culture in a way wwi has n't , and makes it a little ` easier ' to teach to children . 
  yep , agree with you whole-heatedly on that . 
  agreed !, 
  one of the great things about increased urbanisation ( ie . 
  more people living in our cities and fewer living outside them ) is increased use of mass transit systems . 
  it 's one of the great efficiencies that comes about from people living together at higher densities . 
  but another thing ... 
  i do n't think we need to worry about curbing our birthrate . 
  as living standards improve , birthrates fall . 
  the uk is hovering just below total fertility rate at the moment , and this figure is likely to continue to fall in the long term . 
  we 've had a mini baby-boom in the past 2 years or so , but that is likely a blip in the long term projections . 
  we 're already feeling the effects of a rapidly aging population , one which has a proportionally smaller working age population to supply sufficient tax revenue to continue high levels of service provision ( at least , this is only a problem so long as we continue the prevailing tax regime in the uk ) . 
  you kinda lost me there talking about groundwater and border changes .
