  [ edit - apparently it 's `` unique '' to the scottish curriculum , according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_studies ) , but i 'd be curious to know how this differs across the uk ] you start off by learning loosely about the the structure of politics in the uk and scotland ( how parliament works , how to vote , about the recent history of devolution in the uk ) , as well as a little about the differences between main competing political ideologies ( ideas of big state vs small state , socialism vs conservatism etc. ) . 
  you also learn about civil and human rights issues in the uk and further afield , as well as cultural issues and themes that relate to modern life across the world . 
  there 's a big emphasis on us politics and history , and using it as an example for exploring ideas - probably because it appeals to kids most . 
  in later years the class intensifies and you focus a little more on the specific political history of scotland and the uk , to the point at which you 're expected to write papers analysing and critiquing past government actions and policy , as well as the main themes of politics in the last few decades ( eg . 
  thatcherism , euro-scepticism , the war on terror , new labour , the scottish independence movement ) . 
  there 's a danger a `` civics '' type class like this could sound a little dry , but it really was n't . 
  it was easily the most popular course at my school . 
  a big part of this was probably the fact teachers would often use tv shows or movies ( eg . 
  the simpsons , 12 angry men ) as the starting point for discussions , at least in earlier years . 
  all round it was a really fantastic class to prepare kids for understanding the modern world and encouraging civic engagement . 
  i think it 's truly dreadful , and a big reason for many of our current problems . 
  none of the arguments in favour of retaining fptp stack up as i can see . 
  a governing party with a sizeable majority of seats ( despite having no such majority in the popular vote ) can rule with near impunity . 
  it does n't need to think about any other section of the electorate , at least not to a great extent when making legislation . 
  pr encourages coalition and compromise , which are treated as dirty words in the uk , but mean we are guarded against extreme legislation . 
  in simple terms too , pr would also mean [ * tens of millions * ] ( https://www.electoral-reform.org.uk/campaigns/electoral-reform/ ) of votes were not utterly wasted at each election . 
  it 'd also mean the entire outcome of our elections would n't hinge on voters lucky enough to live in a select 50-75 swing constituencies , as it currently does . 
  fptp is also a factor in encouraging the break-up and increasing balkanization of the uk itself . 
  one of the major arguments in favour of scottish independence is that scottish voters `` never get the government they vote for '' . 
  under pr , voters would be liberated from thinking in such geographical or regional terms when casting a ballot . 
  votes for * `` party x '' * from beith would be given just as much value and pooled together with those from belfast or bognor regis . 
  pr would have the effect of making voters from disparate parts of the country feel part of the system as a whole , responsible for the make-up of parliament as a whole , and most importantly * represented * by the system as a whole . 
  instead , currently , votes are siloed not just by constituency , but regionally , with voters feeling forced to pick a party that represents their location better than their ideology alone . 
  i do n't see how anyone can defend fptp in the uk . 
  forms of pr are used in scotland , wales , and northern ireland , and indeed 32 of 35 countries in the oecd . 
  what 's so special about the uk that means we have to be tied to such a deeply unrepresentative system ? 
  very possibly . 
  though nothing to do with avoiding terrorist attacks . 
  brexit , compiled with the conservative party 's draconian policies towards immigration could impact me and my eu partner to the extent that we have no realistic future in the uk . 
  it may be that we simply have to go somewhere else . 
  i 'd say , it 's important to separate comment from pure news coverage when comparing the british press . 
  the guardian 's comment pieces do definitely include a lot of guff ( [ eva wiseman 's ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/profile/evawiseman ) column is a good example of some of the more cringe-inducing , clickbaity , first-world-problem material it 's become associated with ) , but the range of opinions on display is also * relatively * broad , and also covers a pretty wide range of topics ( outside politics ) and so i think it 's hard to generalise about it . 
  its pure news coverage though i think it approaches something as * close * to objective as is available , at least in terms of form and style . 
  the times is also pretty consistent with this . 
  both papers , despite one being centre-left and the other centre-right , tend to adhere to much higher standards than any other other major uk paper . 
  selective/misleading quotes , framing of events to suit a certain narrative - these are things that plague many other newspapers , and whilst they 're not perfect , the times and guardian at least tend to avoid . 
  like you say the telegraph has gone downhill in recent years . 
  its foreign reporting is still decent , and catches things missed by others , but the general tone and quality of news coverage has become really sloppy and obviously partisan in a way it used to avoid ( or at least disguise much better ) . 
  the electoral system . 
  one of the very few western democracies to still use fptp . 
  a party with 36.9 % of the popular vote can and often does end up with an absolute majority . 
  the result is we 're not used to politics of compromise . 
  all policy tends to be discussed within a fairly narrow spectrum . 
  a few tens of thousands of voters lucky enough to live in key swing constituencies hold all the power in deciding which type of government we end up with . 
  in recent years some smaller parties have managed to `` break through '' in ways they had n't before , at least in being able to reach the public . 
  but no matter how much press coverage they get or how many votes they amass , if their vote is spread across the uk , they end up with no representation . 
  i accept that coerced is an emotive , and potentially contentious word , but only to an extent . 
  i hesitated to use it because it has connotations of scotland and its nobility of having been entirely robbed of their agency by the english , which is n't what happened . 
  they had a choice to make , and they chose union . 
  but at the same time , it 's important to remember this was in the context of not only darien , but perhaps more importantly the almost 50 years of scotland being subjected to the navigation acts . 
  that in essence the difference that u/m0rl0k was highlighting . 
  the scottish-english union was a pragmatic , political one with little grassroots support , that was the product of the specific economic situation of the day , and the desires of the aristocracy alone . 
  but the same can not be said of the german or italian unifications . 
  there are many choices with pr that retain the constituency link . 
  like you say , there 's the scottish parliament which uses the additional member system , topping up constituency mps with extra list mps till it balances out . 
  this would be an ideal model to use . 
  i agree that the constituency system is too ingrained in the uk to seriously suggest getting rid of it . 
  that 's why something like the dutch absolute proportional party-list system would never be accepted . 
  also , the av referendum a few years ago never proposed scrapping constituency mps . 
  if anything that 's why it was a rubbish compromise proposal . 
  it keeps the constituency system entirely as it is , but just tinkers with how each individual constituency mp is elected . 
  it failed more because 1 . 
  many people in the uk are just completely apathetic in the first place to the idea of changing the voting system , and 2 . 
  many people that are pro-pr , saw av for the crap proposal that it was . 
  i think you can cut them some slack . 
  they were clearly just doing a fast and loose simplified explanation , but one that more or less captures the essence of the difference . 
  it is wrong to say scotland was `` conquered '' . 
  coerced might more accurately describe the situation . 
  but the point remains , that whilst the italian and german unifications resulted from of a long-term groundswell of romantic ideals of shared nationalisms , the scottish-english union was different in that it was largely a pragmatic political arrangement that suited both partners at the time . 
  in my experience it was extremely limited and repetitive . 
  from primary school ( age 5-11 ) , through to secondary ( age 11-17ish ) , the main focus was almost entirely ww2 , the tudors , and the scottish-english wars . 
  in early primary school we maybe spent a little time learning about the romans , ancient egypt ( things little kids find fascinating ) , but to no great depth . 
  it was very piecemeal and was n't really expanded on in later years . 
  it never really went beyond learning about ancient mythology . 
  the three subjects i mention though - ww2 , tudors , scot-english wars - they came up again and again throughout school , dominating everything . 
  but they were usually only examined fairly superficially ( what are the key names , dates , battles etc. ) . 
  throughout the entire basic curriculum there was very little time spent discussing the key * ideas * or * themes * of these periods , or to connect them up to some bigger picture . 
  this did change a little bit by the time you get to later secondary school , by which time if you 're studying history , you do so because you choose to ( like i did ) , and the curriculum was a little broader and more in depth . 
  but in terms of the bog standard history curriculum that the average student received , it was extremely lacking . 
  i dunno if this is maybe to do with teachers lacking the confidence or knowledge to venture into subjects other than henry viii 's wives , or the battle of britain and the blitz . 
  everything also tended to be framed entirely from the british ( or maybe sometimes scottish ) perspective . 
  everything was taught through the frame of how it interacted with the british empire , in terms of how it fitted in with our kings or queens ' plans . 
  we were taught remarkably little about the histories of other countries . 
  on occasions that we did it was always in relation to britain , and practically never in terms of that country 's own separate history . 
  this was my personal experience up until about 10 years ago though , so perhaps the curriculum has changed a little in that time . 
  i hope it has . 
  as other commenters have said , it 's less to do with their contribution to global pollution levels , and more to do with their particularly harmful effect at the local level . 
  the reason it 's hit the news in the past weeks is because of the publication of [ this paper ] ( https://www.nature.com/articles/nature22086.epdf?referrer_access_token=oe9hoedey6mnn7ktdxfyl9rgn0jajwel9jnr3zotv0pttids1ruvjuu0emelu3b0fdhxzolagnykph6mapwqupw2-xej-wqzdbryx7t8cyazpbn-_x0pkh5ocdobwqdx1xdurrd0vsziq_ym6d5fchmprbpzjuzwdxjli-gxh4ks2xmozmybjw-p6ybk24q3ze6zvc9_r_uahjuiapx7dedjfc0p2qyqavuywvv7rh6jpxoc1yykjpyc9bbjwxpbpnjha3ckipcqs_buvrjut1dvofrsl_ululbe1aoosyw27mwzmggzawgxwf8hk5r3&amp;tracking_referrer=www.theguardian.com ) in nature a few weeks back . 
  here 's a write up on it that appeared in the guardian - https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/may/15/diesel-emissions-test-scandal-causes-38000-early-deaths-year-study basically , research shows that diesel vehicles in particular are responsible for a phenomenal number of premature deaths , more than previously believed ( partly as a result of the levels of hazardous exhaust materials such as particulate matter to nitrogen oxides and even ozone being higher than assumed ) . 
  it 's quite heartening to see so many upvotes for this  i guess she 's quite well regarded in europe then ? 
  i 'm curious to hear you guys ' outside opinion - what is it that people like ? 
  some of my favourites : [ le diner de cons ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119038/ ) - * french * - original version of `` dinner for schmucks '' . 
  comedy about a guy who has a weekly dinner with friends , where they each have to invite the biggest idiot they can find . 
  genuinely one of the funniest films i 've ever seen . 
  [ kana\u0142 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050585 ) - * polish * - heartbreaking but spirited story of a group of young resistance fighters caught up in the failing days of the warsaw uprising in autumn of 1944 ( a tragic episode in wwii history that many in the uk likely are n't so aware of today ) . 
  first movie by andrej wajda , arguably the most important/popular polish film director of the 20th century , who died just last year . 
  [ das boot ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082096/ ) - * german * - incredible , absorbing , epic film following the fate of the crew of a german u-boat during wwii . 
  long , emotionally draining , but absolutely gripping and well worth watching . 
  [ fuck sake ally ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inm9zjokjfg ) 2 . 
  [ easy lionel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp9c3v5w8ne ) 3 .
