  useful link for this thread http://luminocity3d.org/worldpopden/#4/50.51/7.03, 
  i 'm guessing you came to the uk a while ago , or that you 're very rich ? 
   cause since 2014 having a british husband/wife does n't guarantee you the right to live in the uk . 
  although it goes against the common perception , i 'd argue it 's become far too difficult to move to the uk in recent years . 
  there 's a common misconception in britain that we 're currently letting anyone enter ... that the government is `` too soft '' on immigration ... this could n't be further from the truth . 
  most people that believe this ought to read up on which visa types are now available to migrants from outside the eu . 
  the costs involved , and how many hoops they have to jump through to be allowed in . 
  we have frequent calls for a `` points based system '' ( one which takes account of language ability , earning potential , education , family ties etc ) as a means of limiting numbers coming in . 
  in truth , that would likely be a * liberalisation * of the current migration system , which at present is actually very draconian , with only a few limited visa routes into the uk . 
  an example of the tightening up is with work visas . 
  the general unskilled work visa was discontinued , and now only those with a job offer , with a minimum salary ( usually around # 30,000 ) , and from a limited list of occupational roles/industries . 
  your employer can only sponsor you if they have a separate `` sponsors permit '' , and only once a check has been completed on how difficult it is to fill the role with a uk citizen . 
  the process of visa applications and all other residency permits is also extremely expensive and time consuming . 
  costs are rising way beyond inflation every year , purely as a tactic for dissuading people from going through the process . 
  people looking to enter on the basis of family ties are also having a bloody hard time right now too . 
  being a british citizen no longer gives your foreign spouse ( or your children ) the right to live with you in the uk . 
  in 2014 theresa may ( as home secretary ) introduced new rules making it that the british spouse has to earn a salary of # 18,600 , with an additional # 2,400 per child . 
  totally arbitrary amounts . 
  something like 42 % of the british public would n't earn enough be able to bring a foreign spouse to live with them if they needed to . 
  there are endless stories out there if you take the time to look , of thousands of families being separated because of this rule . 
  it 's heartbreaking . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-35552289 of course , none of this gets noticed . 
  people foam at the mouth that we have `` too many immigrants '' , but no one takes a second to actually look into just how hard this tory government has made things for migrants to the uk . 
  additionally , it 's hurting us in scotland , where we have a fairly stagnant population ( one that 's only risen in the past decade * because * of inward migration ) . 
  got a separate question i 've often wondered . 
  did he pronounce `` ich '' right ? 
  he said it almost like `` ish '' , not `` ik '' , which is how i presumed it was always pronounced . 
  yeah , but they tuck them away on the digital channels ( itv2/3/4 ) , sometimes showing two or more in one day . 
  but they do tend to show them sequentially . 
  the more recent ones ( or more popular ones ) will sometimes be shown on the main channel though in primetime slots . 
  the main commercial channel itv tends to run a bond movie marathon ( usually over the course of a month ) at some point every year , sometimes culminating in a premiere of the newest one at christmas . 
  things would n't necessarily unwind at a sudden rate . 
  but i would not want to see this happen . 
  our economies are all so intertwined at this stage , and there 's been such cross cultural exchange over the course of the past 2-3 generations , that i highly doubt we would immediately all be at war  not to mention we have genuine shared interests and concerns at the moment , amongst them : climate change , terrorism , an ongoing migrant crisis , and the threat of a belligerent russia . 
  but concerns are sometimes transitory . 
  who 's to say what unites us today will unite us tomorrow ? 
  or even unite * all * of us ? 
  today already there are significant tensions between different eu member states over how to deal ( or not deal at all ) with several of these concerns . 
  i suspect that over time , you would begin to see power blocs emerge . 
  infighting which today takes the form of loose coalitions of countries with shared interests in the european council would become a much more pronounced feature of european affairs . 
  alternative regional associations might develop . 
  the visegr\u00e1d group or the nordic council would likely grow into something more robust than they currently are . 
  although , with the visegr\u00e1d group especially , there would likely be a continuing internal power struggle over policy direction . 
  there are no guarantees even these associations would hold together . 
  there is a longer history of integration and cooperation in the nordic council though , and so it might fare better . 
  in all of this , the european * parliament * would be no more , and thus the power of the state ( ie . 
  each national executive ) would reassert itself , in that international decision making and planning of all issues pertaining to the future of the continent would be made by heads of state acting together . 
  you would have to hope that national executives and heads of state would continue to * act together * . 
  there would no longer be a `` dampening '' or `` moderating '' effect of a single united european parliament , which ( no matter how much its current format is criticised ) involves elected representatives making decisions largely on the basis of ideology and policy , rather than `` the national interest '' alone . 
  you have to go back 70 + years to a state of affairs where heads of state/national executives had absolute supremacy in european affairs like this . 
  which , on one hand , was 3 generations ago , and so no-one alive today really has a solid memory of it as the normal situation . 
  it 's understandable that we would n't fully appreciate how different our lives are now under a relatively new , united european framework . 
  again though , it was * only 3 generations ago * - almost within living memory that europeans were inflicting unspeakable horrors upon each other in the name of the greater good of their `` nation '' . 
  colour me a cynic , but look at the past record of european nation states prior to this period . 
  it does n't make for happy reading . 
  we suffer from severe short-sightedness in this respect as a society . 
  of course , maybe i am being overly pessimistic . 
  maybe we have entered a special kind of `` end of history '' , where market forces and global communication make war between western democratic states an impossibility . 
  who knows . 
  they had some similar assumptions in the period of the ` long peace ' leading up to 1914 . 
  you 'd have to also assume that democracies are here to stay in europe . 
  i do n't know that we can make that assumption . 
  look at the ongoing turkification of poland ( whose legislature 's continued independence may indeed have been safeguarded just today , following intervention by the eu commission and council ) . 
  the situation in hungary too is also very worrying . 
  i highly doubt that these countries ' democracies would be more robust without something like the european union as an overseeing , guiding force . 
  i expect that other `` strong men '' might well appear around the continent , and with ongoing crises to exploit , it could happen sooner than we expect . 
  how often do we hear today , maybe not from our leaders directly , but in the national discourse , of a suspicion , or a blame-culture of some `` other '' . 
  i fear that under the surface , there is a lot of tension to be exploited . 
  so throw that into the mix too . 
  on top of that though , formal economic and trade cooperation would be out the window . 
  you 'd have to hope for continued goodwill between nation states to avoid tensions of an economic variety ( currency devaluations , trade disputes , tit for tat between nations may well become commonplace ) . 
  overall , yeah , if the eu ended tomorrow i would n't be predicting military clashes between eu countries in the immediate future . 
  it seems borderline absurd to imagine that . 
  i would n't even say conflict was * inevitable * . 
  i do n't believe it to be . 
  but i would not be feeling secure about the future either . 
  much which we benefit from through putting aside differences and working together would be lost . 
  and in the long run , i think it 's dangerously short-sighted to dismiss the risk of conflict entirely . 
  nope it does n't bother me . 
  as other people have said benefits and welfare arrangements exist for a reason . 
  if people need them or qualify for them it makes no difference to me which country they were born in . 
  quite often what we call benefits or welfare is tied to taxable income , and takes the form of tax relief . 
  i do n't know how anyone can be against this . 
  if someone is poor but in work , and thus qualifies for tax relief , why should their citizenship status affect this ? 
  by comparison , in the uk at least , the amount you can * recieve * in the form of actual government `` handouts '' is very small . 
  i do n't even know that non citizens can get things like jobseakers allowance , which is a pittance anyway . 
  you ask about people who will `` never '' pay taxes . 
  i dunno how anyone can predict this . 
  who knows what they 'll do in future . 
  temporary assistance could well be what the individual needs to get their life in order at that moment and to get back on their feet . 
  in terms of `` abuse '' of the system , undoubtedly it does happen , but it 's done by ` native ' citizens too , and to a much larger extent . 
  and even then , it amounts to a trivial amount of money in the grand scheme . 
  i 'm more bothered by large corporations which fail to pay their fair share of taxes than attacking the little guy in a shitty situation . 
  umm , i beg to differ . 
  he does n't seem to understand how balloons work . 
  not polish , but have polish family who are extremely concerned about the ongoing situation , as am i. 
  for anyone looking for a solid summary what 's going on in poland , and looking to understand just how serious pis ' actions are , this podcast ( and interview with the guardian 's poland correspondent ) is worth listening to : https://medium.com/@inbetweeneu/4-law-and-justice-in-poland-part-i-7ae642162a62, 
  love groningen  uk cities could learn a lot from it . 
  hmm , i think the uk is generally a very uniform country in the respect that no single region or city has a monopoly on unpleasant locations . 
  every city/region , no matter how lovely it is , no matter how bustling , or close to nature , has its rough , unattractive parts .
