  you 're never far from either the good or the bad . 
  i 'd echo some other comments here , that some of the small towns on the north sea coast , like grimsby , boston , whitby etc come to mind first . 
  but maybe that 's being harsh . 
  former industrial hubs like redcar just outside middlesborough maybe . 
  take your pick from brexit or scottish independence . 
  at least they are definitely the most all-consuming hot topics at the moment . 
  everything is being discussed through the lens of each of these topics . 
  those are just the headline hogging issues though . 
  under the surface there are lots of problems with british society that our government ought to be tackling , but instead are actually exacerbating . 
  i 'd say the biggest issues in the uk ( which several governments have failed to address properly ) are the ongoing housing crisis , and the ongoing nhs crisis ( this is more within england and wales specifically ) . 
  if you 're looking for a personal answer , i 'd have to say the single * most pressing * underlying concern for the uk is the need for a serious reform of our fptp electoral system , which time and again fails to produce results which reflect the wishes of the public , effectively wastes millions of votes , and locks us into a two-party system . 
  first of all , i do n't think it can be done . 
  which i think is a shame , because while i 'm pretty much wedded to the idea of scottish independence at this stage , i 'd rather alternatives were explored first . 
  i just do n't sense that the political will is there . 
  for federalism to work though , it would probably necessitate the break-up of england into smaller administrative regions , as a federal uk would leave you with the central problem of one state of 5 million people ( scotland ) , one state of 3 million people ( wales ) , one state of 2 million people ( n. ireland ) and one huge state of 55 million people ( england ) . 
  for these 4 states to be given some form of equal power or representation at federal level , would mean representatives of scotland/wales/n . 
  ireland could potentially veto the desires of 55 million english citizens . 
  it would n't make for a harmonious political system , and i reckon english citizens would broadly come to resent it very quickly . 
  england has been shown to be very against the devolution in almost every instance in recent years . 
  the north east of england pretty overwhelmingly rejected a regional assembly in a [ referendum in 2004 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_east_england_devolution_referendum,_2004 ) . 
  that kinda knocked the stuffing out of the then labour government 's plans for exploring devolution in other parts of england . 
  so the idea of breaking england up ( even just administratively in order to make it work ) is just a non-starter . 
  even the idea of establishing an `` english parliament '' similar to what we have in scotland , wales and northern ireland , is still contentious within england . 
  there 's very little appeal for it . 
  broadly there 's no desire to move away from the current set-up , where westminster is at once the seat of the uk parliament , but also a kinda de-facto english parliament ( where scottish/welsh/n irish mps are asked nicely not to vote on english issues ) . 
  the whole thing 's a mess . 
  * if * england were to warm to the idea of an extreme reform of the united kingdom along federal lines involving many smaller regions , then maybe . 
  but it 's not gon na happen . 
  there 's really no appetite either from the voting public in england ( or wales for that matter ) for such a drastic revision of the system . 
  and the westminster political parties are almost entirely disinterested in exploring it . 
  they ca n't even get behind replacing fptp with proportional representation , so i 'm not holding my breath for a federal uk . 
  ----------------------- ah , just realised i gave a mostly personal answer . 
  i think generally , yeah , an attempt at federalisation ( even one which was imperfect ) at this stage would probably do enough to win over a good number of independence supporters who are sort of on the fence . 
  it would likely kill off the scottish independence movement for a good while . 
  but it is n't really on the table just now . 
  maybe under a future labour government . 
  ummm , nope . 
  why do you ask ? 
  iain duncan smith, 
  it would be nice to have one , 
  two time winner of the carbunkle awards , cumbernauld . 
  the area around the [ `` town centre '' ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@55.946339,-3.9911825,3a,75y,41.8h,81.37t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smxxb-qjagabobi_9ibmx0q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) is a hellscape unlike any i 've ever seen . 
  https://c1.staticflickr.com/6/5484/9269233490_dd61ea71e3_b.jpg http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-mzess43nglw/upt_kj2rkki/aaaaaaaabxy/fq8iw9vmuiw/s1600/cumbernauld_town_centre_d280411_d1.jpg, 
  i read somewhere recently that almere is the fastest growing city in the eu , which i thought was pretty astounding . 
  ca n't remember the source at the moment though . 
  i passed through almere and lelystad on the train to amsterdam quite frequently in recent years , and i always thought they both had a sort of robocop/star treky vibe . 
  everything seemed so precisely and almost mechanically placed . 
  almost seemed a little sterile . 
  i wonder what it 's like to live in . 
  if it 's one of the fastest growing cities it ca n't be all that bad . 
  best : lots of good , widely available seafood , although it really depends where abouts in britain you go . 
  maybe moreso closer to the coasts . 
  also , loads of big potential for wind and tidal energy . 
  worst : being stuck on a rain-soaked , wind-swept island which still has illusions of grandeur , and forgets it does n't rule the world anymore . 
  also the water at the beaches is always bloody cold . 
  budapest , prague , edinburgh , krakow , wroclaw , paris ( although * many * french cities and towns could be included - bordeaux , lyon , toulouse ... ) , dresden , seville , florence , rome , bologna , venice , vienna . 
  central amsterdam maybe . 
  many many more european cities are `` beautiful '' in some respects , but these are the most striking big ones that i can think of . 
  i think if i had to pick one i 'd be struggling to pick between budapest and vienna . 
  they 're each so distinctive and breathtaking in their own way . 
  agree . 
  lived in the netherlands for a bit and was impressed by how international the outlook of its news programmes ( and newspapers ) is . 
  much much moreso than in the uk . 
  we do n't really have a street food culture in terms of street stalls/stands , which is a bit of a shame . 
  the nearest thing might be fish and chip shops , which you 'll find in pretty much any uk city . 
  i 'd like to chip in [ brief encounter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brief_encounter ) alongside the other suggestions here . 
  good , reliable , inexpensive public transportation . 
  both in cities and between cities . 
  transport in the uk is utterly balls . 
  cycle lanes , and a cycle-friendly culture generally . 
  it 's worth remembering ( and i 'm writing this comment for the benefit of u/wegwerpacc123 too , cause it 's a reasonable question ) , that it was n't the whole of scotland that swung to the tories . 
  far from it . 
  it 's wrong to say the whole of scotland `` abandoned '' the snp for them . 
  yeah they did well , and they have to be congratulated for the gains they made . 
  but the gains were largely in areas which have always had a strong tory base , where they were the strongest party competing against the snp , and their vote was supplemented by some unionist labour/libdem voters who view independence as the single most important issue over and above party . 
  what i think happened in these dozen or so areas , mostly rural constituencies , was the enough of the snp vote switched to labour ( owing a little to the late corbyn surge ) , weakening the snp vote and giving the tories a much greater chance of taking these seats . 
  anyway , my point is , beyond these dozen or so constituencies , there are n't many more where the tories have a good prospect of winning in coming elections . 
  they gained in this election , and their vote rose ( largely on the back of a pro-unionist , anti-indy swing , and not necessarily in support of their agenda ) , but i think they 're approaching their ceiling . 
  i agree with you on this . 
  as someone who supports scottish independence , the first choice would be for a dramatic reform of the united kingdom , along the lines you describe . 
  it 's never gon na happen though . 
  we have enough difficulty convincing people of the need to change from fptp to pr . 
  there 's absolutely zero chance of the people of england agreeing to carve up the country to aid a federalisation of the uk . 
  unfortunately . 
  reitdiephaven on the eastern outskirts of groningen . 
  a bit like : p-sheh-prasham the p running straight into the ` sheh ' bit is the trickiest to get right . 
  i can imagine ww2 too . 
  it 's one of the reasons i fully embrace the european union project . 
  very strong . 
  studied abroad because of the eu . 
  met my partner because of the eu . 
  had opportunities which my parents never had , because of the eu . 
  thinking of the vast number of lives that have been thrown away owing to the long history of conflict and competition between nation states , one which really is n't really so far in the distant past , to me a project like the eu is nothing short of a miracle . 
  we pool our resources and set aside our differences for a greater shared future . 
  my eu citizenship is symbol of how far we 've come . 
  of what we 've chosen to leave behind . 
  i 'm absolutely gutted beyond words to wake up every day knowing that we 're heading closer to leaving . 
  [ useful video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqsxpzafo_k ) on just this topic . 
  you ask some pretty weird questions . 
  i dunno about the rest of the uk , but in scotland once you enter secondary school ( age 11 + ) , you take a class called `` modern studies '' .
