texas is like germany with all it 's top notch engineering and craftsmanship , put into a desert , with cowboys , fast food and guns . 
  norway too !, 
  crete uk germany sweden usa spain italy, 
  there may be , but i would n't worry about it . 
  most people as i said are nice , and you should n't let the bad apples spoil your good mood . 
  as an example , one of my female friends was called a whore by a group of muslim girls passing her by here in norway . 
  just for not wearing a hijab . 
  she knows this is n't typical behavior for most muslim immigrants . 
  not everyone understands this , and that 's where prejudice can take form . 
  but she had common sense , and knew this was n't the case . 
  so prejudice is n't just perpetrated by europeans against immigrants , it goes both ways . 
  that does n't mean the rest of us should be afraid of going where we want , and think the worst of the other group . 
  you should n't be afraid of europeans , and europeans should n't , and most of the time is n't afraid of people with a middle eastern appearance . 
  just do n't go into any dark alleys , or follow a skin-head with a swastika tattoo on his head into an apartment and you will probably be fine . 
  i would n't worry about it , bro . 
  there are already many middle eastern people in all of europe 's major cities . 
  i do n't worry about being attacked by radical muslims , and do n't think you should worry about being attacked by racists , or far right either . 
  these things do happen , but are far from the norm . 
  people are usually nice , middle eastern , european or otherwise . 
  just stick to the cities , and ignore the smaller places . 
  and if you do encounter racism , remember that for every racist european , you have many europeans who would stand up for you . 
  do n't let it get to you if you do experience racist slurs . 
  my dad told me that when he stayed there with his new girlfriend and my half siblings , their hotel was walled in , and protected by guards wielding machine guns . 
  if they left the hotel , it would be `` at their own risk '' they were told . 
  i do n't know if this is a common thing in many countries , but it sure does n't sound like a very healthy state for a tourist destination to be in ... 
  using the anti-fascist title cleverly to get away with anything they want . 
  `` oh , but we are the anti-fascists . 
  we fight oppression and bigotry '' names do n't mean a thing , actions do . 
  if you take a drive through the city , perhaps ~ 10 %, 
  is sd the swedish anti immigration party ? 
  in which case , are they really opposed to other races , or are they more scared of other cultures ? 
  this is an important distinction , regardless of whether you see the latter one as equaliy bad the norwegian equivalent , frp , at least to my understanding , would be more opposed to a white guy wanting to impose islam over other people than a brown guy who want to live in essentially the same society as them , coming into their country . 
  no , being racist is still fringe . 
  young people are almost never racist , older people may be more racist , but are usually nice . 
  also , 99 % of the people who are racist are not violently so . 
  they may have negative views towards you , but will not hurt you . 
  even these non-violent racists are despised , and hold their views to themselves , because they will be put in their place if they are openly racist . 
  the american concept of multiculturalism does not always go well here though , and you may be considered racist for it . 
  for example if you say `` this neighbourhood is too white , needs more diversity '' , people will consider you a racist , since white people are native to europe , unlike america , where white people are also `` immigrants '' ( not really immigrants , but you know what i mean ) . 
  i do n't think you should be more worried about your security in europe than in the us , trust me . 
  europe is already very diverse . 
  but stay safe anyway , you never know for sure , no matter where you go, 
  nope, 
  in fact i 've only heard positive things about portugal it 's a very nice place to be i 'm told the only stereotype i can think of is that you know how to talk extremely fast , faster than the spanish , and that the portuguese boys are all sexy football players, 
  \u2022 uk : founders of modernity , good manners , excellent story tellers \u2022 germany : the finest craftsmanship , always on time \u2022 italy : excellent food , outspoken and positive , beautiful architecture \u2022 france : beautiful looking people , romantic , inspired us to become a democracy \u2022 russia : beautiful women , knows how to party , counterweight to usa , helped defeating hitler \u2022 poland : hard-working sociable people , hospitality , the witcher series , beautiful architecture \u2022 sweden : good at making things simple and neat , good music , friendly people \u2022 denmark : knows how to relax , good food , basically the civlized cultured version of norwegians \u2022 iceland : great at preserving their culture and language , excellent food , super friendly \u2022 finland : modern technology , patriotic well-mannered people \u2022 netherlands : very free spitited , liberal , well mannered , good beer and food spain : beautiful people , knows how to enjoy life , beautiful cities , holiday paradise, 
  when i say culture i 'm not talking about how people dress , their language , their day-to-day traditions etc. 
  people who have hateful views on the basis of things like that should definitely be considered a racist . 
  what i mean is , for example their opinion of how to treat gay people , whether women should be allowed to do this or that , are they supporting use of physical force , torture etc. 
  do they themselves hold hateful views towards you ? 
  think about it . 
  these are the characteristics that make people dislike trump . 
  trump supporters have their own culture , their own beliefs . 
  this is my definition of culture in this context . 
  generalization is of course a whole other issue . 
  people you think are holding these views often are n't . 
  but some definitely are , and that is a legitimate reason to be worried , because that can have actual consequences in people 's lives . 
   that mostly applies to muslims . 
  its the same case here . 
  it applies to almost any place and any culture . 
  middle easterners are afraid their way of living will be threataned by secular western influence . 
  europeans are afraid their way of living will be threatened by islamic influence . 
  it 's a natural thing for people with totally different understandings of how the world works to fear . 
  the us is different in that there 's this obsession with race all the time . 
  i get that racism is an important issue to adress . 
  i also see benefits in thinking more about these issues on a day to day basis . 
  so i do n't see these issues as black and white ( pun intended ) . 
  but obsessing over race constantly ca n't possibly be the way to go in solving race relation problems . 
  yes !, 
  but each comment had a different topic . 
  and besides nobody reads a comment that long , so what would be the point ? 
  i would also like to add , what i see as a big difference between europe and the americas . 
  which is that in europe , the conflicts seem to center much more around culture than it centers around race . 
  europeans who are skeptical of migrants , at least to my experience , are much more concerned with loosing hold of their way of living , than they are with other races . 
  of course this may vary from person to person . 
  but i know many people who engage with immigrants that adapt to local customs without problems , but who stay away from those who believe in vastly different principles than them . 
  regardless of skin colour . . 
  i also see a lot of effort from both sides in establishing good relations , regardless of age . 
  so i think one could choose to look at all the negatives , and yeah there sure is still racism . 
  but i do also see a lot of effort from people wanting to establish good relations between different cultures and races . 
  i find that a lot of times in norway today , immigrants are hesitant in socializing with white norwegians because they expect us to be racist . 
  i often times expect immigrants to be racist towards me as well . 
  so i think there 's a mutual expectation of the other group being racist . 
  yes , but to avoid any further fuzz though when you say soccer there is no room for confusion, 
  we do n't push ourselves on other people . 
  our social intelligence is even so high that when we 're sitting next to someone on a bus , we hurry up and change seats once another two seater is left empty . 
  the movies are often much weirder than american movies . 
  nerd voice : `` oh clearly you must know that i was talking about universal basic income . '', 
  ultraviolet blood irradiation is something we might also possibly need if we 're heading for the apocalypse, 
  yes , i know that . 
  it was n't intended as an angry response . 
  i just know some view having non-white this or that as synonymous with progressive , which is obviously quite racist . 
  i am sure people wo n't care about the skin color if he/she 's the best candidate !, 
  just in time . 
  nerd voice : `` ubi is not communism , need i tell you '', 
  a state with an old western feel , with deserts and prairies , but also with big cities and without the religious fanaticism . 
  i would n't want to live with either right or left wing racists . 
  i think some parts of the right are racist towrads minorities , while some parts of the left are racists towards white europeans . 
  would n't want any of those racist groups near where i live . 
  to be clear i do n't think it 's wrong to have black leaders in europe , asian leaders in africa , white leaders in asia etc. 
  i just think there is this sentiment to compare the whole world to the us .
