  major public spending in times of good growth and high employment can lead to overheating ( or so i was told ) . 
  you 're right . 
  but as things stand for northern europe its economies are still sluggish . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2016/11/daily-chart-10?zid=307&amp;ah=5e80419d1bc9821ebe173f4f0f060a07 ) i 'm not very hopeful for a real change unless spd manages to do the impossible , france does n't elect le pen and real measures are taken to deal with the greek problem . 
  by engaging in procyclical measures the german economy will grow more and workers income will rise . 
  that 'll enable a smaller export surplus , more imports ( preferably from struggling european countries ) and less economic inequalities if things are well managed . 
  let 's take the case of infrastructures where the gov should be borrowing more from the market to invest in maintenance , build more transport links or housing . 
  it also create more jobs and thus the virtuouso effect is extended to the whole union . 
  currently the german state can get incredibly favorable rates like 0,300 % . 
  had n't it been for the obsessive target of 0 % deficit or even a surplus germany would be capable of doing its share to lift up the eu economy and improving its own . 
  the german finances ministers ( and a lot of high ranking european officials ) is constantly talking shit regarding debtors countries for internal propaganda and for his own agenda . 
  turns out that the markets believe that and ill advised comments like this one can put in jeopardy any remaining trust in southern governments . 
  that 's why the commission and the imf are begging germany to adopt more expansionary fiscal policy . 
  if not we 're doomed to stagnation until the next crisis blews the thing down for good . 
  you did n't understand what / u/stiffori was talking about . 
  the only thing making portuguese sovereign debt interest `` low '' compared to a red line ( i think it 's 4 % 10y ) is the quantitive easing programme by the ecb where indirectly it guarentees that it will back us up if shit goes down . 
  apparently its scheduled to exist until march 2017 but as things stand politically it 's safe to say that at least until german elections the german fiscal hawks will bark and the caravan goes on as merkel is not stupid to risk yet another problem in europe . 
  without it portugal , spain and more importantly italy would be on the verge of another bailout . 
  oh my god poor germany . 
  maybe we southern europeans should ask draghi to quit qe so our interest rates skyrocket again . 
   the german minister have no plan , he just want to shift all responsibility away . 
  i agree he 's always trying to shift attention from deutsche bank but mainly what he advocates it 's totally in line with his ideological thinking . 
  it 's ordoliberalism at its fullest coupled with a rabid notion of punishment . 
  i welcome experts i just do n't want them to rule without a democratic mandate . 
  dammit it was supposed to be a sarcastic rhetorical question . 
  did n't you received the latest soros newsletter ? 
  that might work with logical and decent people . 
  not with neonazis . 
  it was a ton of stuff . 
  passing the amendment would probably make the case for italicum stronger . 
  plus the solution for the senate was unfortunate has it would 've become unelected ( mayors and regional officials ) . 
  on the eu yes as with the coming political instability it will be hard for italy to speak up and try to steer european agenda . 
  so you prefer a majoritarian system that effectively turns elections in a two party race and an unelected senate ? 
  eh guy does n't have much to rage against , just last week he blocked an attempt of an alde member to run for eu parliament president and he keeps giving the image that his europarty does n't have the power to change anything when all of benelux have a liberal prime minister as well as in denmark . 
  he has nice lines though . 
  if anything we 've seen how going for third way only obliterates a soc-dem party in the end . 
  pasok , psoe , french ps , spd , pvda , labour , irish labour , etc. 
  so if soc-dems rely on always being the junior partner in a grand alliance it 's no surprise that leftist abandon them , conservatives continue with their preferred parties and a small part radicalizes and goes far-right . 
  in this case yes . 
  technocracy should n't replace democracy . 
  i 'm not even advocating to dismiss listening to expert but in the past few years calls to replace govs with technocrats are signs that to some influential people the voter 's opinion should n't be taken into consideration . 
  making a system more effective at the expense of democracy is only something a technocrat would think it 's ok . 
  in fact that 's what mario draghi recommended to portugal last time he was here . 
  if anything they managed to prevent a m5s gov as the majoritarian system would 've been put in place , enabling a two party battle for power with no regard for proportional representation . 
  that has more to deal with perfect bicameralism than proportionality . 
  not anymore i think , the oil crash hit them quite heavily . 
  about two thirds of the inhabitants are in extreme poverty last time i checked . 
  it 's the clich\u00e9 of a petrostate . 
  yeah fuck italians for not approving an constitutional amendment that would 've allowed for a majoritarian electoral system . 
  yeah but his successor was carefully chosen to not stir the waters . 
  the stealing continues as his daughter is now managing the biggest company in the country . 
   greens in the uk are considered far-left . 
  lol, 
   tsipras is far-left of course that 's why greece is now a soviet republic . 
  depends on which part of the democrats you 're talking . 
  as both us parties are `` big tents '' it becomes futile trying to compare more ideological defined european parties to them . 
  not at all . 
  they 're your usual classical liberal center right party . 
  for instante they advocate a common work contract and another liberal proposals . 
  interesting , about 12 years ago we had a short lived gov that too wanted to relocate several ministries outside of lisbon . 
  nothing was made . 
  and here i was thinking we 'd have to wait unitl tuesday . 
  can you expand on the ministers ? 
  are they settling the ministries outside of vilnius ? 
  we already vote on who becomes a mep and indirectly we elect the president of the commission . 
  theres a lot to improve but at least there is a minimum of representation . 
  so spain should compete with the third world ? 
  some electoral comissions have english versions of their websites . 
   maybe greece needs to ask the irish for some tips , they managed it . 
  the way how they did it might not be to the liking to your government though . 
  it are bitter pills , but reforms need to be pushed through instead of dilly dallying with it . 
  the situation were and are vastly different . 
  because as you imagine danzig was just the excuse to start the war . 
  a similar reaction happened to the portuguese `` retornados '' from the newly independent ex colonies . 
  they got elected by a similar process on which uk conservatives got a majority with only 37 % of the vote . 
  at least hollande was voted by the majority of french voters . 
  europe can be more than the sum of its parts and make an organized effort to relieve refugees both here or in nearby conflict states . 
  this why you need a functioning independent constitutional court . 
  liberals made a dingo eat my baby . 
  i doubt he has up to date information about all roma in romania or that he knows the sucess of all roma programmes . 
  its marks are still felt , the definition helps making contrast between the old west and the ex-warsaw pact contries . 
  for example the reactions to the refugee crisis , political systems or the population makeup . 
  that 's because those definitions are geopolitical . 
  you wont hear senegal as a western country nor australia as a eastern country . 
  what were the differences about ? 
   keep in mind jus sanguinis is a principle that dates back to the roman republic and even athenian democracy , and is a very old way to determine citizenship of a country . 
  good thing we 're way past that . 
   even blood relation . 
  you guys try to be subtle but there 's always that urge to make clear what you believe in . 
  i abhor tackiness be it made of glass or with corinthian columns . 
  there 's endless examples of good architecture in line with its surroundings . 
  2016 is not over mate . 
  oh god i 'm worried about the state of architecture in the uk if charles gets the crown . 
  it 's like mcmansions only fitted for the georgian period . 
   you ca n't `` integrate '' gipsy because they do n't want to be integrated . 
  as i said both parties have to make an effort . 
  that 's tacky neoclassical architecture . 
  how is this a eu problem ? 
  there 's none . 
  continue with policies aimed at inserting them in the romanian society as equals and with opportunities ( do n't create ghettos or segregated classes and schools ) .
