  they 'll never be in power . 
  even if one of them wins in 1st place the other parties will form a cordon sanitaire . 
  in direct elections ( like the french or american presidencials ) the far-right ca n't win the majority of votes . 
  but she wo n't be elected . 
  that 's like saying that the hungarians accept the eu quotas via referendum or pvv lead the negotiation for the dutch government . 
  but it 's not enough . 
  polls give le pen 27-30 % , which it 's in line with the ceiling far-right usually gets ( at most a third of the votes ) . 
  yes she 's only openly xenophobic regarding muslim citizens or other immigrants . 
  although she 's more attractive and `` moderate '' it 's still too extreme to have the majority of french votes . 
  it 's a given fact . 
  look up what happened between chirac and papa le pen . 
  fourth reich ? 
  didnt you get the daily memo ? 
  we live in the eussr . 
  i 'm sorry if a goverment like institution doesnt offer a large range of fiction and speculative books instead of technical documents about the functioning of said institution . 
  how can it be better if the actual store is amazon , paying for the book and the transport ? 
  and the rest are barbarians just because we like to have human contact ? 
   homogays god i thought only polandball would use such stupid word . 
   article 18 of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union  right to asylum  the right to asylum shall be guaranteed with due respect for the rules of the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees and in accordance with the treaty on european union and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( hereinafter referred to as ` the treaties ' ) . 
  i 'm well aware of the different regional grouping of the former soviet republics and puppet states but at least in this matter ( refugee polocy ) the east ( ok as far as i know the baltics always follow the nordics and the germany axis ) is not cooperating in treating this matter as a transeuropean problem . 
  organizing referendums ( costing 16 million euros ) for not even 2000 refugees or demanding only christian refugees is not helping . 
  and i strongly disagree . 
  up to it 's own opinion . 
   i recommend you to give us the sole authority to deal with syrian immigrants . 
  well i prefer to have a common eu policy regarding refugees rather than leave it to the increasingly authoritarian and populistic government . 
   i can say right away , that we support australian solution in this matter . 
  yeah that 's not going to fly with the declaration of human rights or the the ideology of the eu . 
  but hey at least you can fulfill that sort of dreams on the internet !, 
  oh i know , i read the article . 
  but it still is something that the eastern states are prepared to take as the alternative was much worse in their view . 
   yes we can , just send them back . 
  of course we can , but as the eu is based in the basis of respecting human rights it 's morally and legally binding for us to take refugees . 
   i for one am not , am not willing to accept migration as fait accompli . 
  and i am willing to accept refugees , as is the decision of most of the eu states . 
  she wants to , she 's entitled to it . 
  why remove hair in your back or chest then ? 
  what were the eastern states expecting ? 
  we have to deal with the migrants and refugees , we ca n't sweep them under the rug and expect everything to continue as before . 
  with no unified european plan for redistribution and investment in tackling the sources of the migratory flows we have to get the money from somewhere . 
  i 'm sad that key european projects like galileo , itar or scientific funding got their budgets diminuished but we ca n't have it all . 
  the eu cares and the markets care . 
  if this is all an excuse for you to continue with the same talk about us being bankrupt then i 'm not going to spend more on this . 
  i 'm not talking about not paying the debt , i 'm talking about the eu not counting certain investments as negative spending . 
  obviously i 'm talking about the social democrats push eu wide policies like not counting infrastructure or education spending in the fiscal effort for 3 % deficit . 
  still franco or the various portuguese puppet presidents were always far-right . 
  finally . 
  about time s&d push the eu to growth friendly policies and a counter weight against the right wing austerity tina . 
  only by giving the states space to invest in key areas the eu can finally put the crisis and stagnation in the past . 
  uhm , that 's more understandable then . 
  that 's not true ( at least in portugal ) , since the first restrictions on smoking our tabacco comsuption has been dropping at a surprisingly quick pace . 
  i do n't know when you travelled here but smoking inside trains or buses is very rare . 
  yeah it 's not like tabacco was from the new world or anything . 
  maybe people enjoy smoking ? 
  maybe people prefer the short term benefits than the long term problems ? 
  if i want to visit nis i have to report to the police station like a criminal ? 
  totally justified then . 
  horseriding and bullfighting is generally only a thing in ribatejo , alentejo and lisbon . 
  there 's also the azores with tourada \u00e0 corda while in madeira is nonexistant ( as far as i know ) . 
  but athens was an aromanian village before greek independence , of course you did n't have cool paintings . 
  maybe she likes vintage cans ? 
  the natural leader is renzi , he 's the only one with a somewhat stable internal situation and big enough to be reckoned by the rest of the eu . 
  i wouldnt worried about our pm , he 's been proposing this alliance since he 's been leader of the socialist party . 
  rajoy is obviously the odd one out , he 's very much in the austerity side to get german complacency in deficit and debt targets . 
  as far as i understand it was in the users private userpage so i would somewhat understand calling it censorship . 
  still i dont believe facebook is obliged to show everything , its a private company . 
  extreme left ? 
  they have every right not to support a pp led government . 
  their proposals are quite opposite . 
  moderating your own subreddit isnt cendorship . 
  that one was a high speed train , this one is the celta from porto . 
  what proof the usual far right copypasta that manipulates data ? 
  what polls ? 
  the usual copypasta ? 
  you 'll have to wait at least 40 years . 
  also there 's train lines in northern spain , they are just narrow gauge . 
  we 'll see , if by the time i retire the state still has a national security system i ca n't see how your children would had any input about my pension . 
  it 's all fun and games to be pro-nativism until other people ( homossexuals , inferitles , singles ) get disqualified from one of the state 's pillars just because they didnt had children . 
  ok if you want you can have children just do n't expect everyone to have the same feelings . 
   we 're all just better off if we do n't bitch about anything unless it 's really affecting us personally . 
  in your opinion . 
  i might bitch about the state of affairs of the eu or even the situation in angola even tough it does n't affect me . 
  that 's what freedom of speech entails i speak about things that intest even if you do n't like i do so . 
  yeah fascists are super nice to everyone while the economy is totally not owned by a couple of corporations . 
  and they are in their right to do so . 
  it 's not everyone 's national objective to have kids . 
  but what about freedom of speech ? 
  or is that just for you to shitpost on the internet ? 
  or the favourite book of the alt-right : the turner diaries . 
  why would the gov privatize the highly profitable lottery if not for ideology ? 
  ddint it made several millions of profits last year ? 
  yeah lets just forget that the regime literally threw people out of helis to the ocean . 
  lets forget that about 30000 dissapeard . 
  what are some of the major plans of m5s for rome ( concrete proposals not like `` fight corruption or clean the streets '' ) ? 
  it 's trump 's first speech as candidate to the republican nomination , the one where he portrays mexicans as rapists . 
  yeah , for example near santa apol\u00f3nia train station there 's a small ukrainian orthodox church that used to be a catholic church . 
  i mean popular sovereignty , like the people having a say in what the state does . 
  this concept only started to appear in enlightened circles in the mid 18th century and apart from the american independence and french revolution it would only be widespread in the developed world after wwi . 
  what 's the parallel between an terrorist organization and an ethnic group ? 
  here the catholic church leases some of its unused churches to the romanian and ukranian orthodox churches . 
   the ottoman empire took away sovereignity from people geee it 's not like concepts like those were n't around in the 15th and 16th century right ?
