  the leave team used its content , and ukip 's nigel farage became a regular columnist . 
  raheem kassam , an editor on the site , took a leave of absence to work as mr farage 's aide . 
  he has since returned as the head of the london office , and is leading the push to expand further . 
   conditions are similarly ripe in france and germany , media observers say . 
  elections are due in both countries next year and far-right candidates -- marine le pen of the national front in france and frauke petry of alternative for germany -- hope to do well . 
  breitbart will cheer on their respective parties -- a troubling role given mr bannon 's future role in the white house . 
   it will encounter a few right-leaning incumbents . 
  in france conservative publications such as valeurs actuelles , for example , have been flourishing as ms le pen 's popularity has surged , notes paul ackermann , editor-in-chief of huffington post france , but they have no professional internet presence . 
  supporters of the national front , many of whom are young , do not have a media outlet where they can meet and exchange ideas . 
  `` the door is wide open '' for a site like breitbart , mr ackermann says . 
  fran\u00e7ois godard , a media analyst , sees a gap between the country 's mainstream , liberal media and an increasingly populist readership . 
  the online comments for le monde or le figaro are often more attuned to the breitbart point of view than the newspapers ' own content , he says . 
   in germany , where most outlets lean left , the right-wing media scene is particularly underdeveloped -- a cultural aversion born of the country 's fascist past . 
  breitbart will have to contend with strict laws governing hate speech and anti-semitism . 
  junge freiheit is one of a tiny number of conservative papers . 
  it has had a surge in readers since angela merkel , germany 's chancellor , opened its borders to migrants in 2015 . 
  but its circulation is still less than 30,000 , perhaps due to a weak online presence . 
  breitbart could address that by bringing right-wing media consumers together on a single platform . 
  few media have as powerful a brand as breitbart or its slick delivery , says constantine kamaras , the brussels-based head of europe 's interactive advertising bureau , a trade association . 
   if breitbart recruits well-known figures to head local brands , as the huffington post has done , its path may be smoother still . 
  in britain , alongside mr kassam , it appointed james delingpole , a conservative polemicist who writes in the spectator , a 180-year-old right-of-centre magazine . 
  things are going well : the site 's audience has grown by 135 % year on year , to 15m monthly page views in july , meaning it has a bigger reach than the spectator 's own website . 
  not bad for a firm recently called a `` bunch of nuts '' by a spokesman for mitt romney , a former presidential candidate . 
  the business of outrage , led in the early days by rush limbaugh , a right-wing talk-show host , and then perfected by fox news , may well become another ubiquitous american export . 
  it 's the usual ethnonationalist view on identity and citizenship . 
  they all have a boner for `` national '' and `` european culture '' even if it 's an amalgamation of multiples groups . 
  it 's not a religious feature , even in europe there were similar garbs ( like in xix century [ portugal ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-r5wk_rrw_gm/vwdrniegeri/aaaaaaaaaii/ihcilrcvcgy/s1600/biocos_fotor_collage_770x433_acf_cropped-770x433.jpg ) ), 
  that has n't been my experience with southern european catholics . 
  even opus dei and reactionaries do n't act in the way you described . 
  plus we 're talking about if it 's safe for an afro-american with muslim background to visit the vatican . 
  no one will bat an eye . 
  last week or so erdogan disclosed that the raison d'\u00eatre for the turkish intervention in northern syria is to take down assad . 
  and the overwhelming majority of catholics are tolerant . 
  even more if they 're in one of the most sacred places for them . 
  there 's a difference between vatican ( the place ) than the catholic church . 
  not really , all sort of people go to the vatican , it 's a super safe micro state and the church is very keen on its social doctrine . 
  now tying it to pedophilia inside the catholic church it 's misleading . 
  this programme was made so that projects are approved independently of its origin . 
  they have to make a proposal . 
   failing that , a group of at least nine countries can proceed via an `` enhanced cooperation '' procedure . 
  i 'm not adressing media exposure . 
  by the way of the ballotage electoral system if the whole left does not find common candidate then of course voters will only be able to choose between two strains of extreme right wing candidates . 
  overall they had a long introspection about what happened , more in the west than the east tough . 
  but there are still alarming signs of neonazis and far-right movements . 
  i 've had the same problem with one of my grandmothers only with black people rather than jews . 
  `` let them go back to their countries '' and so on . 
  when a cousin of mine got a boyfriend the third question from her was if he was `` too tanned '' . 
  at least she 's frank about being narrow-minded . 
  it 's mainly because we did n't have gastarbeiters , we were them . 
  plus only a small minority comes to a less wealthy country compared to better paying ones . 
  the vatican is probably one of the most tolerant places in all of europe so i would n't worry . 
  genocide does not have to be state authorized , they can even pretend it 's none of its business . 
  this is what happened in bosnia . 
  there really is n't a brighter side in balkan disputes . 
  what several barometers show us is that the inverse happens , intolerance is higher in places with little to no contact . 
  in case of jewish communities lack of contact fuels the old anti-semitic thinking that characterized all but recent european history . 
  it amuses myself how the author thinks that austria or romania align themselves more with the visegrand four than the rest of the eu . 
  there 's roma in almost all of europe . 
  where did you live before you went to israel ? 
  i 'd say its the lack of a sizable community . 
  since the genocide of thessaloniki jews i suppose theres not many links . 
  i had the impression that this had been rejected . 
  anyway great initiative , a good example on what type of projects the eu should focus more . 
  sure . 
  there 's plenty of countries where almost all candidates are from the center and right , last american presidential elections , any election in poland and other ex-communist states , etc. 
   common debt will never and should never happen without a common budget and central control over the regional budgets of the individual members states . 
  does any eu country seem especially passionate about letting brussel decide their budget for them and ceceding such power to brussel in the first place ? 
  yeah thought so . 
  you do understand [ that ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/sgp/budgetary_plans/index_en.htm already ) already happens do n't you ? 
  the european part is the least of your problems according to your itinerary . 
  [ `` parva que sou '' / '' [ how ] silly i am '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgs7valiiji ) is from 2012 right in the middle of the bailout programme . 
  the band is called deolinda and it 's the closer we have to contemporary fado . 
  the [ lyrics ] ( http://duvet-dayz.com/archives/2011/09/28/1135/ ) are quite emotional as they describe a very vivid reality for numerous young portuguese adults in the current economic climate . 
  that 's the risk involved but apart from that i ca n't see how he could even hope to go to 2nd turn . 
  it 's the 2002 scenario all over again . 
  unless the left finds a single candidate then not one of its candidates can even surpass macron . 
  so is the afd . 
  would you say that their discourse does n't have real consequences ? 
  the situations are vastly different . 
  that 's because what he says to other countries hardly has an immediate consequence for germany . 
  every time another counterproductive tirade goes through it only creates instability on the secondary markets , and thus on the economy . 
  but hey `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must '' . 
  herr shauble voicing concerns about what he does n't even know must be of the outmust importance to make it public , otherwise we would n't even know that we 're all dancing on a wire . 
  we live in a intricate economic and political union , we 're not fully sovereign . 
  he could join the left primaries . 
   greedy and southern socialists you forgot the analogy with the lazy grasshopper and the austere ant . 
  now the southern european countries are all for a closer political union if it means that concepts like equality and solidarity are more than buzzwords to fill eu summits . 
  we have a lot to deepen in the eu : let 's start by giving the euparl capacity to legislate , let 's enable citizens and organizations petition to the european court of justice , let 's close tax avoidance loophole like the double irish arrangement , create a european senate or more transparency in eu summits and reunions . 
  qe is a bandaid i doubt anyone expect it to last more than 2 years unless nothing changes . 
  by reforms what do you mean ? 
  the same neoliberal `` reforms '' that consist of cutting left and right in our social state , the ones that makes us sell strategic state companies to the chinese state ? 
  we 're making progress on the deficit but it 's completely bonkers to sacrifice core sectors of the state to achieve the arbitrary demands of the six pac . 
  negotiate with the commission and push for a different strategy is what we can do on the short-medium term . 
  it 's not great for countries like france , portugal or italy that still have 10 % of unemployed officially . 
  plus it 's a cyclical thing , we can only be attractive for imigration and enable a higher fertility rate if the economy is having tangible results . 
  of course our interest will go to the sky , i 'm not expecting the ecb to wipe our debts . 
  they could at least give us the profits they get from them . 
  eventually we too will have to renegotiate our debt . 
  until then fly low . 
   i was taught that the orthodox economical wisdom was an anticyclical economical policy .
