  so a coalition of a pes , alde and epp party has too many left-wing parties ? 
  the majority of latin american countries have a presidential system . 
  ah and i forgot the latest ukip drama !, 
  anyway that 's because of british and french majoritarian electoral systems for the lower chamber . 
   the vast majority of european countries have a very small far-right or basically none at all . 
  we 've a very small far right in ireland . 
  not at all . 
  apart from portugal , spain , ireland and malta every european country has a radical right party in parliament . 
  i was expecting asturias doing quite badly in terms of income per household as i 'm quite sure mining is n't as big as it once was . 
  so did they manage to overcome a mono economy or what ? 
  yeah but always in connection with modern france . 
  when they went to iberia they played with spain being full of french tourists or gypsies . 
  knowing most of asterix 's books deal with tropes of modern day france i do n't think they would even leave gaul . 
  it looks amazing . 
  https://www.google.pt/maps/@38.7147273,-9.1384403,3a,75y,89.38h,101.11t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-ii2brna82by%2fu8quyfdaxfi%2faaaaaaaabkm%2fy9omhrairbs9dandbzlczpwn_2xjrzh9wcjkc!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh6.googleusercontent.com%2f-ii2brna82by%2fu8quyfdaxfi%2faaaaaaaabkm%2fy9omhrairbs9dandbzlczpwn_2xjrzh9wcjkc%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-0-ya198.67567-ro0-fo100%2f!7i9990!8i4995 one of my favourite rehabilitations ever . 
  it 's quite ironic that the church where all autos-da-f\u00e9 started almost burned to the ground . 
  it was rehabilitated 2 decades ago . 
  oh he was a fullblown maoist . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkw-ujhcewi here 's him denouncing the bourgeois mentality in university . 
  thanks . 
  check eurobarometer and take your conclusions . 
  how were they able to get internet for their smartphones ? 
  like le pen 's gay right arm or other token minorities ? 
  actually the eu puts a massive effort in reaching out to european citizens , it 's more of a case of people not even trying . 
  just do n't let fame hit your perception of reality like it did to some estonian redditors . 
  really ?? 
  daily thread seems great and both linguistic using a neutral third language ( though clearly dutch speakers are more active and proficient in english ) was astonishing to me how even in the internet belgians were divided . 
  have ever been to eurodisney ? 
  the parks , transports and suburban towns around it are super clean . 
  it 's that mud in the middle of a residential area ? 
  but no one knows how was latin used , at least jews used it for religious purposes . 
  also a lot of meps ( particularly sinn f\u00e9ins 's ) use irish in various committees and plenary . 
  i would n't exactly call the various communists parties and some left parties `` rightwing '' . 
  obviously it 's not a good thing however to get out of the edp before spain , france or italy means a lot politically . 
  public investment , dropped by a third . 
  the government is pushing hard to get away from the excessive deficits procedure in order to achieve flexibility in a post german elections debate on debt or other kind of common euro strategy . 
  a galician lad ( jer\u00f3nimo martins ) opened a shop in chiado ( lisbon 's prime retail area ) back then . 
  actually i think he 's a pole living in bulgaria . 
  either way he 's as entitled to his position as / u/blueflaggoldenstars is . 
  hold on eastern european . 
  hey cmon that was us !, 
  not all . 
  the [ eurovision version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkk3pvzyxiq ) has a more grandiose feel . 
  depends on each country 's requirements . 
  i used `` you '' as in the 2nd person plural . 
  obviously it was implied that i was referring to sweden as a whole . 
  i bet you have a higher oral cancer rate than neighboring countries . 
  so the ceo of the systembolaget gives technical input about the new finnish policy on alcohol and its implications to sweden and that 's some how overstepping on finnish sovereignty ? 
  you should n't drink this early in the morning . 
  the official name is pra\u00e7a do com\u00e9rcio ( commerce square ) since the whole baixa section was rebuilt after the 1755 earthquake , tsunamis and massive fires . 
  anyway that does n't matter as everyone still call it terreiro do pa\u00e7o even if the palace is n't there for 261 years . 
  apparently a ton of portuguese nobles became grandmaster of the order in xvii-xviii century . 
  so why is die linke so strong in saarland compared to other western l\u00e4nder ? 
  does it have anything to do with the relative importance of mines in the 20th century ? 
  it 's entirely democratic , other parties do n't have to work with sd . 
  it 's the same with wilders . 
  that 's up to them , if they feel like a pro-erdogan party is the best choice then be it . 
  same for nationalist bulgarians , if they feel that far right parties like ataka are the real `` patriots '' then so be it . 
  if they can vote then they 're bulgarian citizens . 
  shame on nationalists , it 's always them who think they have the right to decide who 's a patriot and who is n't . 
  i 've been checking the wiki article and apparently there 's 4 different green parties each part of a different coalition . 
  it 's strange how in eastern europe ( more on the south and balkans ) coalitions are made up of big weights and their acolytes instead of merging supposedly ideologically close parties . 
  if you are talking about last year 's referendum on a proposed two rounds single member district then yes you would be going from a proportional system to a majoritarian one . 
  the two big parties would get a massive boost . 
  so what about the greens and the leftists ? 
  under 2 % ? 
  about that avenue in shanghai maybe it 's a local shortened version of boulevard . 
  the problem is people not even knowing what upper house or senate means . 
  ah a liberal party let 's see :  1 . 
  a fair system with lower taxes and duties . 
  an invigorated education system , encouraging diversity . 
  an overhaul of the pension system . 
  the reduction of public debts . 
  a needs-based social security system as a pillar of solidarity . 
  a sustainable economic management with less bureaucracy and more room for entrepreneurs . 
  a contemporary framework that supports families with the child care and the infrastructure they need . 
  real political transparency , allowing more active participation . 
  a revamped , truly democratic europe that unites its nations and invites citizens to help shape their future . 
  politics thrives on new ideas ; it needs smart people with brilliant minds -- and less people who cling on to their seats . 
  yeap clearly on the right-wing side . 
  you know what ? 
  compared to the possibility of the slovak finance minister becoming president of the eurogroup ( another one who adheres to the northern narrative ) it would be better for the south to have guidos ( pp - epp ) from spain . 
  the message is implicit , even as an analogy it 's using lazy stereotypes for political disputes . 
  if they 're bulgarian citizens then they have every right to vote for a stupid pro erdogan party . 
   jeroen dijsselbloem , the head of the eurozone 's finance ministers , has come under attack after refusing to apologise for saying some southern european countries had wasted money on `` drinks and women '' in the run upto the eurozone crisis . 
   at a parliamentary hearing in brussels on tuesday , the dutch policy chief -- whose labour party suffered a punishing defeat in national elections last week -- was dubbed `` insulting '' and `` vulgar '' by meps for remarks made in an interview with german newspaper frankfurter allgemeine zeitung . 
   mr dijsselbloem said he would `` not apologise '' after coming under fire to distance himself from remarks perceived as an attack on the bloc 's southern countries such as spain , portugal , italy and greece . 
  but mr dijsselbloem defended himself , insisting that solidarity in the eurozone could only be ensured if all governments stuck by their promises to adhere to the eu 's budgetary rules on debt and deficit limits . 
   `` the concept that when i am being stern on the rules and regulations and taking them seriously , that this is an attack , is a huge mistake '' he told meps . 
   spanish mep gabriel mato said the comments were an `` insult '' to southern member states and mr dijsselbloem had lost his `` neutrality '' as eurogroup chief . 
   in comments reported in the spanish press , mr dijsselbloem told faz :   during the crisis of the euro , the countries of the north have shown solidarity with the countries affected by the crisis . 
  as a social democrat , i attribute exceptional importance to solidarity . 
  [ but ] you also have obligations . 
  you can not spend all the money on drinks and women and then ask for help . 
   mr dijsselbloem is currently the netherlands interim finance minister after his centre-left party suffered a collapse in support in national elections last week , raising questions about his future as president of the 19-country eurogroup . 
  his mandate as president ends in january 2018 , with mr dijsselbloem hinting he could stay on until a formal coalition is appointment in the netherlands . 
   responding to meps criticism , mr dijsselbloem said : `` do n't be offended , it is not about one country but about all out countries . 
  the netherlands also failed to comply with what was agreed [ on financial rules ] . 
  i do n't see a [ conflict between ] regions of the eurogroup '' . 
   spanish mep ernest urtasun told the finance chief : `` i think this is an unfortunate statement , maybe it is funny for you , but i do n't think it is .
