  i disagree i do n't see how our symbols are reprehensible . 
  i wonder if you think the same about dutch national symbols . 
  so what do you do with your life ? 
  your prospects for life is being in welfare until you die ? 
  why did n't you pursue higher education or a job ? 
  honestly your case seems very depressing . 
  so what have you been doing since finishing school ( or uni ) ? 
   there was n't shortage of food but it was n't abundant either . 
  i encourage you to find the caloric intake of the portuguese population during the dictatorship or the famine in wwii period . 
   this mostly applies only for continental portugal . 
  as far as i know , colonial portugal enjoyed more liberty until the wars . 
  for the whites . 
  i do n't understand your problem with national symbols . 
  how is the republican flag or the explicitly anti-british anthem linked to * estado novo * ? 
  actually what i find interesting is how your subconsciously repeat propaganda from the era ( `` in my school we were taught extensively about how it made our country stronger and solved lots of issues we were having with our past kingdom , plus also colonial development and such . 
  here we had similar problems but the state began paying for every farm animal killed . 
  with the growing wolf and occasional iberian lynx population attacks have become more frequent . 
  i 'm from porto and also drink bottled water but compared to the south ( lisbon and algarve at least ) northern water is much better . 
  if they 're done well they represent every part of the universe according to its relative size . 
  as rural areas are in a downward path it 's normal they do n't have much relevance . 
  apparently it 's not legal ( or at least it 's not alright as it might get you a fine ) but everyone does it . 
  it could also be jos\u00e9 silva . 
  that happens to most languages though . 
  what it might be different is certain populations ditching their way of referring to foreign places/names to its native names . 
  about gypsies there was royal legislation against them since their arrival ( about 500 years ) and since then successive campaigns to break their culture took place . 
  not rude , newly converts to christianity were called `` crist\u00e3os-novos '' ( new christians ) . 
  of course that there still was active persecution by the inquisition from early 16th century until the marquis of pombal extinguished it ( which he then turned into a political police of sorts ) . 
  you might be thinking about `` marranos '' who continued to practice their religion in hiding . 
  in 1920s for the first time a surprising number of them finally came in to public ( they have their own hybrid religious traditions ) . 
  i 'd like to also point out that we threw away native muslims few years after the catholic kings in spain . 
  i remember they being in favour of reforming the scottish electoral system that benefits them so it appears they are n't hypocrites . 
  well your views fit almost perfectly with far right parties like fn , the nordic right populists and other chauvinistic right wing parties . 
  i 'd consider you on an idiosyncratic right populist party . 
  ah then it become way clearer , the way you told your story seemed like your parents made a sacrifice just for you to attend school elsewhere . 
  anyway what were your problems with portuguese education ? 
  well i suppose your family is well of or at least with links to france . 
  changing countries because of high school education is a quite strange reason . 
  what 's the deal with that guy ? 
  in renaissance italy the church was actually pretty chill about its artists . 
  also i do n't think they cared if he used prostitutes if the popes themselves were doing naughtier stuff . 
  check any thread about refugees or roma . 
  not really . 
  would you say the same about austria ? 
  it was a direct import from france . 
  well my shoes are n't dirty , we do n't have much snow and when it rains i can clean them at the entrance mat . 
  also would i want other people to take out their shoes ? 
  i do n't want to smell their feet nor is it appropriate . 
  that 's simply a cultural difference . 
  we do n't have that sense of intimacy with our job . 
  it 's considered rude and dirty to not have shoes outside your home ( and even then it 's not unusual to keep them until you go to bed ) . 
  if i go to work , school or out of the house from morning to the evening i clearly do n't have the option of `` breathing '' my feet . 
  with our higher temperatures our feet obviously sweat more , some people even have a notorious stinkiness . 
  where do you live ? 
  at least they contain sweaty feet stink . 
  `` cara ou coroa '' ( face or crown ), 
  i think every country that does not have nearby ski resorts considers skiing a high-middle class to upper class pastime . 
  here we even have people that have never seen snow or the sea . 
   i personally respect him for our neutral stance during wwii and his stance with the war refugees what ? 
  he made sure few jewish refugees stayed here . 
  from blocking giving visas ( like aristides de mendes did ) to only give a 30 day visa to those who had a ticket to america . 
  the dictatorship viewed war refugees as a `` bad influence '' on the portuguese population . 
  it 's a good `` frozen conflict '' . 
  in the 90s the portuguese government even refused a spanish offer to build a new bridge ( the former one was destroyed in the war of the oranges and since then it has n't been rebuilt ) . 
  probably because back then we were full of money we even built a [ brand new bridge ] ( https://www.google.pt/maps/place/06100+olivenza,+badajoz,+spain/@38.77559,-7.173573,3a,75y,83.59h,87.62t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sqvswnyhejdvukk-npzryrg!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo2.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3dqvswnyhejdvukk-npzryrg%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d84.00622%26pitch%3d0%26thumbfov%3d100!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0xd172753e573c26b:0x2d97ac493088d1d4!8m2!3d38.6826443!4d-7.1026661 ) near the ruins of the old one . 
  the portuguese state still includes the old border in military maps and every oliventino has the right to be a portuguese citizen but apart from that there is n't any push for international action against spain . 
  [ here 's a nice doc ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/play/p2231/e263599/linha-da-frente ) about the current situation . 
  romania ? 
  fiscal transfers are n't popular on a european level ( especially in those who would fund the poorer parts ) . 
  from the catalonian independence debate we can even see how that applies nationally . 
  the minimum wage is set to 557 $ . 
  a new tax on sugary drinks , an increase in the tax on tabacco and alcohol , a special property tax for luxury real estate ( more than 1 million $ ) . 
  vat on oysters decreases from 23 % to 6 % . 
  diabetes related machinery will also decreases to 6 % from 23 % . 
  dental prosthesis exempt from tax . 
  and much more . 
  nope , not a thing on the south . 
  thanks , whenever i type in my cell it 's a grammatical bloodbath . 
  that just not true . 
  if you look at the various voting statistics you are how they differ due to a plethora of reasons . 
  even geography or cultural tradition . 
  in the end you give some baseless mambo jambo and expect it to stick . 
  not really . 
  its mostly how you portray center right parties as social conservatives or anything left of them as only voted by poor people ( as if a great part of them didnt vote for right wing parties ) . 
  you 're re quite the embodiment of the dunning-kruger effect . 
  pretty much everything is based on laughable stereotypes especially the different voting blocks . 
  but i suppose you believe to know how things work here , while being ignorant . 
  arent you an indian shitposter ? 
  the same here although to a smaller scale ( 18 daily flights ) . 
  the raison-d'\u00eatre is that lisbon 's airport is the national hub of the national airliner tap . 
  porto 's airport has grown immensely in the last years thanks to the touristic boom fueled by cheap low-costs like ryanair or easyjet so tap and other major international airliners focus on lisbon . 
  it 's also not unheard of national flights from porto-faro or even lisbon-faro as flights take less than an hour and a half from porto ( by car you can make it in 5hours nonstop ) and lis-far takes about 40 minutes . 
  unfortunately we do n't have a high speed train connection between porto and lisbon ( circa 300km ) as you have between madrid and barcelona . 
  again only recently has the national train company made push for this pendular market offering cheap tickets ( up to 40 % of discount if you buy 5 days prior ) . 
  i do n't think it ever has , at least for the last 40 years . 
  in the highlands of the interior there 's snow from january to mid march but it 's not comparable to some places in central and northern europe . 
  even the national `` ski resort '' has to resort to snow machines . 
   in books about czechia and slovakia after their split , in portuguese versions they write it ch\u00e9quia ; plus some other novels i noticed along the way as well that happen to include czechia in it . 
  man not really , maybe you got brasilian books . 
  i read a recent edition of the the good soldier \u0160vejk and thorough the book it made no reference to ch\u00e9quia , only rep\u00fablica checa . 
  in this case i 'm not even being a `` velho do restelo '' , we already a perfectly name for the czech republic and it does n't sound odd nor does it confuses people .
