  just as in case of spitzenkandidat system . 
  yeah thankfully , the european parliament has been by far the most imaginative eu institutions in the last decade or so . 
  about reforming the appointment of commissioners i 'm not hopeful , member states and the electorate are n't ready to ditch the national minded appointment . 
  so be it , it continues to be way better at reflecting the will of european voters than other systems ( uk , france or greece ) . 
  it 's more unequnal but so is a ton of electoral system across the eu . 
  i 'm a big proponent of a strong proportional system but you have to admit it 's very clear why the european parliament currently has degressive proportionality . 
  until other institutions like the council are reformed i do n't see a way smaller member states might be open for reforming the allocation mechanism . 
  i know but it still falls short when the rest of the team is ok and there 's a more troubling candidate . 
  so either meps resort to an ultimatum ( that might bring an even worse college ) or they let it slide as it would be too much of a hassle . 
  you either expand massively the number of meps or reduce the minimum number ( currently is 6 ) for each country . 
  the seat allocation does n't make euparl unrepresentative as there are more than enough meps for each country ( i mean die partie got elected ) . 
  well thankfully for smaller countries they can at least get 6 meps , i think having degressive proportionality is actually one of the good things of the european parliament . 
  this kind of reforms are blocked by the council , in general parliament is always open to get more power . 
  i know they get a hearing but i do n't think they can vote for each . 
  and perhaps one day parliament gets a vote on each new commissioner instead of only being able to vote for the whole college . 
  economically he was such a genius that had n't germany conquered benelux and france and use their gold reserves there would be a default even for german held bonds . 
  seeing that in old ddr die linke is maybe the most voted party ( not sure compared to cdu ) what was their reaction to those issues ? 
  i 'd expect people who lived in a communist dictatorship to at least understand the nuance of calling the eu a totalitarian regime . 
  guess the soldier 's penis just slipped into the kid . 
  happens all the time . 
  but i 'm not criticizing parties , it 's the electoral system ( largely agreed by ps and ump/lr ) . 
  also oliven\u00e7a doesnt show as portuguese . 
  there are multiple threads on / r/askeurope on how portuguese view of salazar . 
  and compared to other fascist dictators he was tamer but that does n't excuse what the dictatorship and his rule did . 
  this is completely ridiculous , this is more grandstanding identity politics than anything else . 
  how many school teachers and toddlers use burqas ? 
  lega nord and golden dawn . 
  those proposals are n't populistic per se . 
  they are totally in line with a ideological and political line . 
  populist is more on a simplistic view of the politics as if it was between the pure people and the corrupt elites . 
  suit yourself . 
  you far-right wannabes are not exactly the brightest in terms of arguments . 
  so you 're for free for all freedom of speech when it 's neonazis but against when it 's islamists ? 
  who knew far right fans were hypocrites . 
  they 're not populist tough . 
  pcp is totally in line with it 's ideological framework and bloco has a moderate discourse and way of doing things compared to podemos . 
  sure but in the end only one candidates gets a seat in parliament , there not even a proportion component to balance things ( like the german system ) . 
  i 'm not talking about presidential elections . 
  of course they do n't have representation , uninominal constituencies are majoritarian by default . 
  it encourages tactical voting ( even in the first round ) and does n't give a voice to those who did n't vote for the winning candidate . 
  you know there are tons of alternatives right ? 
  take the case of the irish stv , the german mixed system , the nordic or the dutch pr ... actually i 'm not a big fan of the swiss political system , it constrains meaningful change due to the way the government is formed . 
  yeah let us hope he does n't end up like trudeau . 
  is raggi doing badly in rome and as such has been a cautionary tale or is it completely irrelevant for this election ? 
  no you just have to reform the electoral system for a reasonable alternative instead of intentionally suppressing political minorities . 
   true centrists in my opinion take a look at the issues a nation is facing , determine which ones are valid concerns as objectively as possible , with minimal partisan bias , and do their best to find solutions to these problems . 
  yeah that means nothing but i get where you 're coming from . 
  being `` pragmantic '' or `` not left-wing nor right-wing '' are itself ideological choices . 
  9/10 it 's always a right-wing candidate saying it . 
   in your view if a far-right politician says `` 1 +1 = 2 '' then he is wrong , because he is far-right and anyone who agrees with him is a nazi or something . 
  this is just plain bs , anyone with more than two braincells can see it . 
  no , i acknowledge populist might bring up issues other parties do n't tackle , i just do n't agree with their answer . 
  for example they might point out for the negative consequences of globalization on the lower classes , which is a completely reasonable criticism , but what they see as the root and the answer to the problem is where i completely disagree . 
  almost all of the populist radical right shows us that immigration and the refugee crisis are a big topic but they do it in a racist and xenophobic way , and a lot of them are linked to neofascist and neonazi organization . 
  that 's the truth . 
   people on the far-right , or far-left , can have some valid concerns , even though they might be a tad bit exaggerated and their solutions unworkable . 
  so it 's not about implementing their programme , it 's about looking at their issues , the ones that are valid , and finding real solutions . 
  ok but that does n't mean i have to give them credibility nor support their politics . 
  to me the big problem is making nationwide reforms with less than 40 % of popular support . 
  it 's the exact programme of our recently elected animal party ( got 1 mp ) . 
  it 's a bad system for popular representation , i understand why people who value stability and governability are supportive of the current system . 
  if establishment are drifting to the right to implement the far-right programme then they 're not centrists . 
  if people want what the far-right offer then should absolutely support those candidates instead of a center-right candidates that stretches from the center to the far-right for purely strategic reasons . 
  true centrists are also for the most part people parroting a golden mean fallacy so at least they acknowledge their ideological leanings . 
  the majority of those candidates are n't affiliated to the big parties , they 're all divers gauche . 
  people just have to look up what 's happening with the new generation of nuclear plants . 
  they need decades of a fixed tariff , require enormous initial investment and in the end they only survive due to state subsidies . 
  it 's worse as it denies them their rightful representation . 
  in the end it even feeds their narrative of being countered by the establishment . 
  the big problem is what 's happening in some countries with more established radical right populists , the center-right and center-left try to appeal to their voters . 
  look to kurz as a prototype of a new generation of nominally center candidates while with a big chunk of the radical right programme . 
  i mean they still exist , the electoral system just denies them the representation . 
  fn gets fairer representation in the european parliament than in the assembl\u00e9e nationale . 
  did n't macron want a bit of pr in the legislative electoral system ? 
  `` eco-friendly '' sure keep telling yourself that . 
  moreover nuclear has even worse economic viability than renewables . 
  and apparently in poland there 's a strong push for them !, 
  oh of course i completely agree with that view . 
  populism itself also has good points on the quality of democracy , they obviously give a voice to those who feel underrepresented . 
  liberal parties until post wii ( in western europe at least ) were usually a small clique that relied on discriminatory voting laws or electoral systems to win . 
  i read a bit of him few weeks ago and he 's one of the best examples of european populism in early parliamentarian democracies . 
  dunno , maybe it might set sails and join the uk as a new sovereign and truly independent nation . 
  maybe all paying member states of the eu did n't see the endless benefits of not being part of the project . 
  having an unconstitutional independence referendum and following with it if it 's positive it 's circumventing the basis of what makes a liberal democracy . 
  of course that might be an annoyance to the `` people 's will '' . 
  why do people who value the `` will of the people '' hate liberal democracy and it 's pillars ? 
  i 'll show it when a big part for catalonia being independent is n't denying poorer autonom\u00edas solidarity in terms of fiscal transfers or when the constitution allows a legitimate referendum . 
  this is just a sticker along another ones ob good practices on riding public transport . 
  i wonder if back a few decade ago men had smaller penises due to seating optimally in church . 
  ok can you explain to me what does metro de madrid and emt madrid have anything to do with the national strategy on terrorism ? 
  what next ? 
  blast renfe because they do n't deal with unemployment ? 
  depends . 
  portugal is on gmt , while from spain to poland they 're all in cest . 
  irish elections still beat uk 's on a constituency basis . 
  it 's anthem of both parties but ps 's version is much tamer compared to pcp 's . 
  at least labour has the red flag . 
  if this is n't irony then it 's astonishing how can someone realistically think all different stages of politics should focus on a handful of subjects . 
  `` we got another terrorist attack ? 
  ok let 's stop worrying about childcare , we 've got more important stuff to do ! '',
