  could you give us some insight about the general elections ? 
  when will they be ? 
  do you think pp will win again ? 
  thanks !, 
   they sent hundreds of doctors and medical workers to africa to treat ebola patients and train local medical workers . 
  they also gave $ 121 million in cash and supplies . 
  great , just like cuba . 
   $ 46 billion [ 3 ] in infrastructure and energy assistance to pakistan . 
  you fail to see that it 's a package to chinese companies and a geopolitical maneuver, 
  unless everyone becomes super pious over night i do n't see how could latin make a comeback . 
  good luck with that . 
  slow progress and seemming status quo is the european way . 
  nope . 
  last week there was a massive southern front attack against govermment held south , daraa and surroundings . 
  every single piece of syria is near a front . 
  just yesterday a fsa division shelled latakia 's airport . 
  / r/nothepotato, 
  finland does n't have the money but some how italy and greece of all places have to deal with thousands daily . 
  too bad it 's full of weebs , self loathing neets and the ocasional separatist from either the north of portugal or southern brazil . 
  compare that to the uk and the percentage is above 100 % . 
  no , they were aragonese . 
  that was arag\u00f3n . 
   our german president dont fool yourself , he might be ethnically german but he isnt a true german when he 's the head of state of a foreign country . 
   yeah , but still - the arab and turk invaders settled in some of the most densely populated regions of the world , hence it 's amazing to consider that a few arab desert tribes replaced the entire population of the levant and a few turkish steppe tribes replaced the entire population of anatolia . 
  the area where the turks settled ( inner anatolia ) wasdepopulated due to constant turkic raids and plague . 
  the rest of the ottoman empire was a mix of native populations and the turkic minority . 
  until 1920 , coastal turkey used to be innhabited by christian greeks , armenians and other assimilated minorities . 
  for the levant it 's the same phenomenon : the arabs were the minority for houndreds of years until the native populations assimilated . 
   it was n't like european colonialism where they just put a thin layer of white men over the locals . 
  so no surprises . 
  that really does not apply to portugal or spain where inter racial marriages were even encouraged . 
  revolutionary, 
   reactionary false friend !, 
  even the pope does n't live there so i would n't be surprised if francis offered it . 
   portugal are building type 214 submarines now ? 
  we had enough with submarines . 
   i 'm looking at you , portugal * the communists are the fourth political force with 16 out 230 members of parliament . 
  * the socialists are the usual third way european socialists whose ideologic programme is social democracy , like labour , the french ps or spd in germany * the social democrats ( psd ) used to be way more left than today . 
  altough there is a sizable faction who is more center than center-right , for 20 years the party has been right in everything except the name . 
  we all know european heritage is only of jewish-christian origin . 
  in a later phase . 
  in the start the brits and french used a fifth of all their tomahawks ( or whatever missiles they have ) and in the end the us had to step in . 
   well , why not ? 
  we 're very much capable , we have a very strong military , france and germany alone have a very strong military capabilities . 
  you do know that france and the uk were n't even capable of establishing an efective no fly zone over libya , a country whose air force was not even comparable to the syrian air force , right ? 
   putin is a scumbag , but at least he keeps the country in order . 
  if the conditions in the uk or sweden are way bettet than portugal or other poorer country the choice is obvious . 
  who in their right mind would choose the worst option ? 
  the gold from brazil ; and the peninsular war . 
  you forgot the baleares !, 
  overall i 'd say instituto superior t\u00e9cnico and feup ( porto 's engeneering ) are the best in their area . 
  but that 's precisely the objective of the juncker package . 
  it 's the most commonly used . 
  it has everything : a cross , a connection to european history and it 's somewhat similar to a swastika . 
  maybe in third world countries but not in the eu . 
  protectionism is rejected in favour of free trade in most european countries . 
  quite nice of us . 
  the number is still a bit low but it will probably increase in the next year . 
  british and irish . 
  and the funny part is that they usually dont mix . 
  that 's because you never saw a drunk brit . 
  they are just the worst . 
  they vanished as an ethnic group after the the roman reconquest . 
  so it 's at the same level as a zombie apocalypse book . 
  and then northern africa, 
  i 'd say that in this sub the majority of those who are more worried about refugees and immigrants are the eastern europeans . 
  poles , czechs , estonians and so on . 
  it 's surprinsing to see them always protesting knowing that they do n't have any significant immigrant population in their countries . 
  skylab ( france ), 
  we really should give more time to desconstruct the myth of pretty much our history . 
  actually the muslims were n't that bad . 
  castillians ? 
  they did other things than trying to annex us every 50 years . 
  the discoveries ? 
  we managed to invent slavery as we know it today ; fuck hindus , jews and even indian christians ; mass bombing and terror acts in the indian ocean ; inquisition in mainland and indian states ... brazilian gold ? 
  we mostly spent it recklessly and went on with our national devotion for autos-de-f\u00e9s . 
  i 'd say the great majority of kids come out of school with a national history that resembles a ton of estado novo propaganda . 
  oh god we got a time traveller from the 1880s . 
   imagine that toyota opens a big factory in germany , toyota being a japanese automotive manufacturer decides to hire 1000 japanese workers , and they all live around the area , then they 've children and grandchildren and so on , always around the area ( kind of in a island ) , do those `` japanese '' ( born already in german ) fell like they are germans ? 
  probably not . 
  should they ask for independence ? 
  well ... probably not . 
  you just described the cause of the majority of european border swaps in the last 100 years . 
  albanians in kosovo , germans in sudetenland , hungarians in romania , serbia and slovakia and so on ... 
  even last year it happened again with the russian take over of crimea . 
  truth be told the ex colonies never got a referendum as we clearly did n't care about them and all of their independence movements had popular support . 
  they are threats in about 100 years just not right now . 
  it 's stupid to think europe will turn in africa in a couple of decades . 
  yeah i do n't understand why people here think the migrants should think about staying in macedonia , serbia or morocco . 
  it 's just clear that the best countries to emigrate in europe are northern countries like sweden or germany . 
  not be a douche but it 's obvious almost every one would try to get refugee status where they can have the best standards of living , a country in peace with a strong economy . 
   long term they do . 
  it will not happen tomorrow or in 10 years , but if nothing changes then in 100-200 years europe will turn into africa 2.0 . 
  by that logic everything is a threat . 
  climate change ? 
  * check * demographic problems ? 
  * check * automation ? 
  * check *, 
  they get to be free and as such as they have to pay tax . 
  yeah fuck the people who live there right ?
