  / u/fluchtpunkt gave transparent reasons why the european parliament considers the recent actions in hungary a case of failing rule of law . 
  only a deliberate troll would say `` uhmmm that has nothing to do with rule of law '' . 
  yeah it 's a stupid limbo . 
  i sure hope this debate gets energized now that macron is hitting in some of this topics . 
  sure , it must be yet another leftist attack on the poor eastern member states . 
  i agree there 's an obvious double standard about macroeconomic rules ( remember that juncker stated last year that nothing would happen to france `` because france is france '' ) but it 's on an entirely different scale to rule of law breachings . 
  it 's much more alarming that there 's a systematic attack on the polish constitutional court and state press than member states not following the artificial objectives of the stability and growth pact . 
  suppose so . 
  the thing is that you do n't become fascist dictatorships in 2 years . 
  it 's a gradual process , for example orb\u00e1n gets away with much of it because the epp protects him ( because in the end they need fidesz votes in the european parliament ) . 
  it depends enormously on the european political climate . 
  for example the president of the bavarian ally of merkel 's party ( cdu ) csu or the epp 's president ( joseph daul ) are always actively trying to limit action against fidesz . 
  there 's also the fact that the eu institutions attitude towards pis is more confrontational comparatively to fidesz because pis leadership is not so astute in being discreet and they are part of ecr , a different conservative euro party ( the british tories are the only other big weight there ) . 
  ~ ~ european law is n't supreme in any of the eu 's member ( one of the big issue at the proposal of an european constitution in 2005 ) . ~ ~ even the procedure to deal with breaching of rule of law was only put in place after hungary began it 's descend . 
  so now it 's flawed as hungary can block any action against poland and vice-versa . 
  edit : was mistaken on the primacy of eu law . 
  the point on the procedure still stands . 
  exactly , that 's why as far as i 'm aware we do n't take our shoes off in southern european countries . 
  the venice commission for example . 
  it 's a step forward but as everything countries making proposals without a coherent line of thinking might only create more distrust and anticorps about the idea . 
  it 's very simple : create a eu agency on fundamental rights and issue reports like those who have always existed on candidate countries . 
  nowadays it 's easier to destroy rule of law and core eu values without consequences inside than trying to get in . 
   keep that last party in mind ( mdp ) . 
  a main talking point in politics is a reform on the law . 
  the one most likely to pass ( similar to the german model , 1 vote for a candidate and 1 for a party ) has a minimum treshold of 5 % . 
  mdp is polling at around 2-3 % with negative trend , so they are not so covertly trying to undermine the current government to have elections with the current system and its 3 % treshold . 
  :( what do you think will happen to si , mdp or possibile next elections ? 
  will they be able to come to agreement for a joint list or most likely washed because they were divided ? 
  i 'm pretty sure sinn fein can take that trophy . 
  and let 's not forget that there are more than 10 europarties in the european parliament . 
  it 's not constitutional , a little misfortune in such a well prepared sovereign referendum . 
  of course they do n't , a great deal of catalonian independists live in an different reality . 
  the part about the devsirme was specific to the ottomans but it 's not like it was widespread to all muslim empires . 
  and on forced religious conversion well let 's say that 's a great deal of european history  . 
  you know that the battle of tours did n't affect the possibility of complete muslim occupation of iberia right ? 
  the history of al-andalus and the reconquista actually shows how this myth of a christian vs muslim narrative is factually wrong . 
  el cid worked for both sides and for example the first portuguese king was opposed by an alliance of the leonese-castillian king and taifa kings . 
  ah right another empire expanding in europe . 
  that actually was very rare in europe . 
  it 's like macron did n't understand shit about people being angry at technocratic `` reforms '' without political debate . 
  macron in the end is like any other liberal , good stage persona but continues with the vices of ps and lr . 
  uhm from what you 've said and what i 've been digging i understand why more conservative people disagree vehemently with the green agenda ( how strange the spectator is against them , right ? ) . 
  anyway thanks for your insight !, 
  so what did the greens do in brighton pavilion ? 
  obviously you need to do a little reading on basic european history . 
  uh did n't know costa was in the nato summit . 
  that could be yet another axis . 
  if you 're in for a open or closed society . 
  islam is part of european culture . 
  it 's as old as protestantism and to this day millions of europeans are muslims . 
  nah it must be a black supremacy thing . 
  and a pensioner from 36 !, 
  i 'm referring to ano specifically . 
  and the fact that right now they 're for the eu does n't mean a thing , the party is centered on babis and being a populist means that you can easily change such a supposedly safe topic . 
  let 's say that the eu goes through with consequences for refusing to hosting refugees or another topic that can be used to create a narrative that can serve as debate on national sovereignty against the evil autocrats . 
  you do know that m5s is also an esoteric populist party that can create narratives that make sense of supposedly deviations of their core proposals . 
  if m5s was pro direct democracy then they would 've proposed to their members to let them vote on wether to vote for same-sex partnerships instead of the tacticism they showed . 
   the result of this philosophy is that they have people from all sides of the political spectrum . 
  how do you think people like turin 's major ( and indeed the people of turin ) would react to having salvini in government in coalition with the m5s ? 
  there would be backslash obviously but the damage could bee avoided if they managed to create a compelling reasoning . 
  like trump managed to continue to appeal to evangelicals or erdogan to kurds . 
  they might arrange something with the right . 
  if grillo says jump they all will like they did with the flash consult on his website on joining alde . 
  point is that with the communist period almost all that presence went away . 
  in transylvania saxons and jews fled when they had the opportunity and now only a ever small hungarian community remains . 
  the cut away with the western world ( in a sense it also happened in portugal and spain but it was n't so intense ) for close to half a century obviously created a deep cultural misunderstanding . 
  depends on the country really . 
  usually populist parties against the euro rely more on the elderly vote than in younger generations . 
  and do n't think populism is over , it will always be present . 
  just this year we 'll probably see italy on the edge of having a m5s gov and populists winning in both czech republic and austria . 
  the explosion of k-pop and korean cinema are great examples of state involvement in culture policy . 
  they legislate because states gave them the power to do it . 
  if do n't like it vote for parties that want the return of those competencies back to the national states . 
  that new subtitle technology must be very difficult to implement . 
  obviously it was the previous government that was in cahoots with the global chemtrails cabal . 
  really ? 
  it 's almost like you missed the point . 
  great reasoning . 
  thanks for your input . 
  in what way is forcing people to become `` modern '' or `` civilized '' even a thing for a developed society ? 
  gypsies faced and still face institucional racism all across europe and it 's not something that goes away by giving houses or subsidies . 
  it 's like expecting black people in the americas to just get over their situation and pull their bootstraps . 
  ah it 's like eastern european and their predisposition to do n't be able to have functioning democracies . 
  everything is easier when you use social theories from exactly one houndreds years ago . 
  they can be . 
  just like how sinti can be german . 
  on this topic r/europe is mostly in line with the thinking of the majority of europeans . 
  it 's mentioning roma as a specie of animals and not people . 
  thanks for the extensive answer !, 
  so from what i 've understood you have a second round to grant a majority of city hall seats , right ? 
  so how were the results ? 
  i saw on twitter that in zagreb hdz only got 5 % . 
  in terms of a suitable venue not really , we 've got pavilh\u00e3o atl\u00e2ntico and that 's it . 
  the parliamentary system was exactly made for this . 
  the problem is that until 2015 ps could only reach to the right , thereby always having centrist policies . 
  he 's referring the auxilia not quite the foederati . 
  the difference is that at least with scotland the house of commons only needed to vote with a simple majority as there 's no codified british constitution . 
  for the spanish to at least open the door for referendum there has to be a 2/3 majority to change the constitution . 
  there 's also the fact that a lot of the push for independence relies on not wanting to contribute to poorer spanish autonomias or that rabid nationalists live in a parallel universe . 
  italians and portuguese were the two biggest immigrant communities in luxembourg .
