  i mostly agree with you but one should n't be afraid to call people what they are . 
  it 's quite amusing to have nationalist-populist berate everyone about `` pc gone mad '' and throwing hissy fits about their views . 
  one thing i do n't understand is why did n't gay marriage pass in this legislature if r2g have the majority of seats . 
  the afd 's core electorate wo n't but the protests votes might . 
  the thing about populist parties is that the majority of their electorate fluctuate , we can see that in places like finland . 
  populism thrives mostly in perception , what most people fail to undestand is that it 's that the economy takes a second stage compared to sociocultural issues . 
  so the cost of living being higher than 15 years ago or being fired are a result of the immigrants , the `` globalist '' elites and not market and economic fluctuations . 
   and it 's spitting in the face to say `` actually '' when someone has been unemployed and ca n't find work to say things like that and call them racist . 
  that 's despicable but the great majority of them are indeed racist , personal insatisfaction does not justify racism and xenophobia . 
  those are n't part of the eu organic . 
  so is the inner struggle about dropping out of the coalition ? 
  nice flair !, 
  is lille having some sort of post industrial regeneration ? 
  you have to take in mind that most people do n't have great name recognition of eu leaders . 
  i suppose you 're not too excited for your opposition trying to get a majority then . 
  least bad option of the leading three , openly pro-european , looks new and modern . 
  the problem is that fptp is that it enable the election of a mp with less than a majority of the electorate . 
  so in a hypothetical case i can see how a area with a lot of pollution could get an mp that in fact promotes activities that would n't tackle the environment , just because candidate a got let 's say 5 votes in election where b got 4 votes and c 2 . 
  no true , in fact ftpt enables the so called elective dictatorship . 
  we can see how ludicrous it is in highly centralized states like britain , where a plurality of voters manages to trumple the majority . 
  if i recall correctly westminster systems like canada or uk there are interparty commissions about constituency/riding borders . 
  of course that they 're always controlled by the two big parties but still it could be worse ( usa ) . 
  if only you had something like the kiwis had or the canadians ( at the moment ) regarding your electoral system . 
  in britain or in spain ? 
  in the uk at least they have some decent arguments . 
  who the heck wants ftpt ? 
  it is n't , the eu is paying her as a mep . 
  oh yes you 're right , i had the impression you were talking about a unicameral system . 
  anyway i agree with you . 
  in the grand scheme of things their military are indeed irrelevant . 
  even for projecting force they get in a hurry as we 've seen in the libyan intervention . 
  logistics and institutional know hows do n't work with copy-paste . 
  man this news if about 11 months old . 
  * `` shut up you deluded libtard '' *, 
  to be honest i do n't see spd voters having the kind of discourse that trumpets have . 
  i mean in the euparl it make sense to only focus in a niche ( and julia reda is doing a great job at it ) but in state 's and bundestag i fail to see how could they be a realistic alternative . 
  wait this is like the untegang jokes right ? 
  prosecco socialist is more fitting . 
  of course they are . 
  nah there are way more people from guinea bissau or cabo verde than mozambicans . 
  galandum galundaina : a band from tr\u00e1s os montes singing in mirandese ( a small language from the lands of miranda do douro ) . 
  they 're quite popular in world music festivals and what nots . 
  [ their youtube channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/galandumgalundaina/videos ) and a [ personal favourite ] ( https://youtu.be/omg7jl5uuim?t=2m43s ) . 
  traditional music and dances you can look up for : vira , malh\u00e3o , corridinho , fandango , etc. 
  [ a good mashup ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1ymbkif-ho ) . 
  there 's also fado mainly from lisbon and coimbra . 
  the big superstar was am\u00e1lia rodrigues , ( [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufgcturygp4 ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj-ugf0_ypg ) and much more ) . 
  search for fado acad\u00e9mico for coimbra 's fado , sung and about the lives of the university 's students . 
  what are you looking for ? 
  traditional , folk or modern takes on each ? 
  ironically it seems the music is french . 
  i 'm pretty sure that rodrigo y gabriela are mexican . 
  plus he 's predictable . 
  at this stage it 's safe to say that cabo verde has a better democracy than poland or hungary . 
  about the third ? 
  so what big changes would be dramatically different if all nato countries pledged to a at least 2 % of gdp ? 
  truth be told is that in any case it will be the americans the crux of any solution , i do n't see how estonia , slovakia or portugal paying a bit more would change that . 
  i mean in many cases the majority constituency electorate is n't represented at all , all you need is having +1 vote than the second biggest candidate and that it . 
  you can even win with 11 % if the rest of the vote is dispersed among other candidates . 
  you ca n't even talk about social justice , feminism or a more internationalist view of the world without being bombarded with shitty trolling or panic attacks . 
  you are aware that the portuguese discoveries were almost entirely funded by the portuguese crown , right ? 
  we were n't the dutch with their monopolistic capitalistic companies . 
  seeing that at best the `` people 's champion '' does not go much more than 20-25 % then it 's fair to see that the majority of the electorate does not share his views . 
  got ta get that pvv electorate, 
  how come ? 
  in the grand scheme of things , porn is negligible . 
  nah , only hollywood and tv scene . 
  that does not fit in the `` culture war '' narrative . 
  at least they get payed more . 
  there 's that holywood controversy about leading male actors being payed more than equally leading female actresses . 
  that 's just not true . 
  in fact about one hundred years ago it was the `` emotional swarthy southern italian '' the predisposed violent `` race '' . 
   and yes , it is very important . 
  how come ? 
  how the heck is the guardian even comparable to the mouthpiece of the kremlin ? 
  sure it has a clear political direction but it 's not like it does not has a journalistic code and other professional norms . 
  if the guardian is the same as russia today then i suppose we also have to ban the economist , the daily telegraph , the spectator and the majority of uk based newspapers . 
  you 'll have to make the same question to india ( indira ghandi ) or pakistan ( benazir bhutto ) . 
  great it 's like a rent from online software . 
  so that 's your big critique of him ? 
  plenty of good ministers do n't have a background in the area they supervise . 
  for that they have advisers , teams and varied input . 
  why ? 
  he seemed genuine in his protectionist crusade . 
  uhm was expecting montebourg to be way closer to hamon . 
  anyway a good development for ps and the left . 
  hopefully macron can capitalize valls voters . 
  ergo `` fuck off '' i do n't want to handle my parenting responsibilities . 
  i think even virulent anti-immigrant countries like hungary or slovakia are reaching for immigrants from more eastern european countries . 
  places like moldova , ukraine or belarus . 
  i 'm still waiting for an imam coming and telling how everything 's gon na be alright . 
  ah but those were always part of the front de gauche , the trick is getting what could be the crucial 2 % in a close fight against fillon or macron . 
  as lo and npa are old school communists they wo n't lend their support for a `` reformist '' like melanchon . 
  it 's the usual impass of the far left . 
  who , the trotskyists or npa ? 
  i still do n't believe he 's capable of surpassing 20 % or uniting the whole left behind him ( as if the two perennial communist candidates or the greens would throw away their meagre political relevance ) . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's what seems it 's feasable . 
  the next in line melenchon ca n't go more than 16 % as his ideological field is too extreme for the political window . 
  they are the only ones with a shot at going to the second round . 
  at this point any sensible leftist would support macron .
