  that not how it works . 
  at least get the basic concepts right . 
  wow i did n't knew ballots could be so strange ( like in sweden where apparently people can know how you voted ) . 
  anyway here [ is the ballot for parliamentary elections for the last elections ( oct 2015 ) for the electoral circle of lisbon ] ( http://ominho.pt/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/boletim-de-voto-eleicoes-legislativas-2015-lisboa-min.jpg ) . 
  so you make a cross in which party you want to vote for ( we sadly do n't have open lists ) and that 's it . 
  then you fold it two times and drop it in the ballot box . 
  here 's the [ one last presidential elections ] ( https://pplware.sapo.pt/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/boletim_presidenciais.jpg ) ( jan 2016 ) . 
  you 're supposed to cross the one you want ? 
  / [ thread ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10488103-portugal-o-mediterr-neo-e-o-atl-ntico-estudo-geogr-fico ), 
  they might even be horrible people and they still should receive refugee status . 
  turning their protected status on their personality or beliefs ( i 'm talking if they have n't commited crime or serious trouble ) is linking public opinion in a matter where law must be upheld on the highest regard . 
  at least now you do n't even have to wait for the day after . 
  still i remember about changing the electoral system so it 's a start . 
  did n't pp agree with some of the reforms proposed by c 's as a condition to sign the pacto ? 
  politics in portugal is all about economics : * the budget for 2017 was presented about a week ago and it 's a strange balance between the deficit reduction demanded by the eu and the deals between the socialist party ( in power ) and two leftwing parties ( bloco de esquerda ( think podemos or syriza before getting into power ) and the communist party ( old school commies ) there 's also a small green party but they 've always been the communist 's pet ) . 
  * our economy is ( as usual for the last 16 years ) not growing enough to effectively tackle unemployment ( officially 10 % ) and enable more spending by the state . 
  * still this budget will raise pensions by 10 euros for the poorest ( except other that received a raise in the last gov ) , increased spending in the ministries of culture , science and higher education , education , healthcare , economy and agriculture , more indirect taxes ( tobacco , alcohol except wine , cars , luxury real estate and bullets ) and the progressive phasing out of temporary income tax ( introducted due to the troika ) . 
  a lot other measures were decided by i think i 've covered the more important measures * every years the state has to rescue or inject money in some bank . 
  this year is about 5000 million euros to the state-owned caixa geral de dep\u00f3sitos . 
  * our enormous public debt of 131 % gdp and it 's consequence on the high price the state takes in the debt service as the service of public debt is close to the yearly spending on education or healthcare . 
  * an anemic economy , not very modernized , too focused on low wages and concentrated in 20 big companies . 
  yeah i get you , it 's mostly a cultural thing . 
  i meant the pseudo-scientific belief that some populations are more predisposed to act in a certain way ( geographic and cultural determinism ) . 
  really so in germany or denmark when the bus arrives is it a race to get the first place ? 
   yes , it seems to be more in the northern parts of europe , where people are more regimented . 
  in the southern parts , people are more animated and emotional . 
  now this where i completely disagree . 
  everyone has a whole palette of emotions , we 're not inclined to be more emotional or cold due to where we live . 
  well that 's only the northerners with their overly complicated norms . 
  at least here and in spain we cross the road when there are n't cars or when we can dash across in time . 
   their far-right have been running the country at least half the time . 
  you ca n't be seriously considering all republicans as far-right . 
  right wing sure but the presidents and leaders ( well at least until trump ) were always more reasonable than the crazies of the tea party or crazy conspiracy theorists . 
  who drives your ambulances ? 
   article 296  ( date and entry into f orce of the constitution )  1 . 
  the constitution of the portuguese republic bears the date of its passage by the constituent assembly : 2 april 1976 . 
  the constitution of the portuguese republic enters into force on 25 april 1976, 
  gypsy ? 
  i think most of them are foreigners from northern africa or pakistan . 
   article 1 ( portuguese republic )  portugal is a sovereign republic , based on the dignity of the human person and the will of the people and committed to building a fr ee , just and solidary society . 
  but to be fair what 's cool in our constitution is [ the preamble ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_socialist_states#current_countries_with_constitutional_references_to_socialism ) . 
   on the 25th of april 1974 the armed forces movement crowned the long resistance and reflected the deepest feelings of the portuguese people by overthrowing the fascist regime . 
   freeing portugal from dictatorship , oppression and colonialism represented a revolutionary change and the beginning of an historic turning point for portuguese society . 
   the revolution restored their fundamental rights and freedoms to the people of portugal . 
  in the exercise of those rights and freedoms , the people 's legitimate representatives are gathered to draw up a constitution that matches the country 's aspirations . 
   the constituent assembly affi rms the portuguese people 's decision to defend national independence , guarantee citizens ' fundamental rights , establish the basic principles of democracy , ensure the primacy of a democratic state based on the rule of law and ** open up a path towards a socialist society ** , with respect for the will of the portuguese people and with a view to the construction of a country that is freer , more just and more fraternal . 
   meeting in plenary session on 2 april 1976 , the constituent assembly does hereby pass and decre e the following constitution of the portuguese republic :, 
  ahahaha french and german irrelevant ? 
  and portuguese is ? 
  you 're truly delusional . 
  how many speakers a language has is just a part of the whole package . 
  for example japanese , chinese or hindu are not even regional languages , outside of their countries no one talks them outside of emigrant populations and elites interested in their culture or business . 
  german and french are working languages of multiple international institutions , they have economic power ( in their own linguistic regions in europe and in the case of french half of africa ) and their culture are known worldwide . 
  for the majority of people portuguese is just not useful . 
  the main western languages ( aside from english ) are spanish , french and german . 
  so unless op desires to live in a portuguese speaking country he does n't have any use for it . 
  lol, 
  modern spain only appeard de facto with the catholic monarchs and de jure in the unification of the kingdoms . 
  do n't spell lies . 
  san marino has been independent since the iv century while never being absorbed by any other state . 
  popular history should n't be view as the true history . 
  too bad a lot of spainard see their history like that but they 're wrong . 
  a lot of history is modified in order to fit the political ideology ( see the stab in the back in nazi germany , the `` war for states rights '' or the denial of multiple genocides ) . 
  if i want to study history i 'll use historians not politicians . 
  lol you give me politicians ? 
  even more pps who like to lump everything as `` spanish '' . 
  go read a history book instead of falling for cheap `` patriotic '' propaganda . 
  i know the fucking history of the peninsula where i live . 
  that being said mixing the ancient hispania with the modern state is a big mistake . 
  until the creation of the kingdom of spain there were various kingdoms united by a single king . 
  heck portugal is older by about 500 years . 
  spain only became a thing in the xviii , not a very old nation . 
  get a good night of sleep and see a therapist for his depression . 
  the next budget ( less direct taxes , more indirect ) the un secretary general race ( our man guterres is doing well ), 
  not really . 
  we had some terrorism by two tiny groups in madeira and azores right after the revolution but even it was more due to the revolutionary spirit . 
  hes talking about that specific movement . 
  yeah but this one will never have any sort of profit . 
  at least with paypal he made millions and tesla might get profits . 
  he 's at a stage of being wealthy where he has companies purely to advance some of his ideals and personal dreams ( not that i disapprove ) . 
  i 'll be honest i dont give a damn . 
  especially when its the pet project of billionaire , that might somewhere in the future become a sort of oligarch in that sector . 
  i can only support space exploration in terms of pushing for useful technologies for the economy and society and creating a market for highly specialized companies . 
  going to mars seems more of a pipe dream when we could use the money to improve a lot of things here on earth . 
  i 've been singing that song drunkenly for years . 
  i suppose it was so much redneck that it was n't possible to be a real american song . 
  what, 
  we watched it in classes before learning about the diferent human systems . 
  you forgot the party killer : '' \u00c0 nossa , \u00c0 delas e \u00e0 nossa dentro delas ! '', 
  to ours [ health ] , to theirs [ women ] and to ours inside them [ as in sex ] . 
  why french or portuguese ? 
  it 's a bit uncommon as most of them are from paraguay ,, 
  it 's a language in it 's own right , portuguese is closer to galician than mirandes to portuguese . 
  it 's not a dialect it 's considered to be part of astur-leon\u00e9s . 
  tap water and scrub . 
  it rains here too you know ? 
  it rains more in lisbon than in london . 
  and we have caf\u00e9s open all day until 19:00 where you can snack , in some you can even have lunch . 
   the reality is that france , portugal and spain are 1 hour away from gmt not us though , we only were for a brief period in the 90s in order to align ourselves with the rest of europe . 
  in the end kids at school were having lots of problems due to waking up at night so we reversed back .
