  i do n't know i live in porto . 
  interesting , thanks for the info !, 
  great that just shows how they city did n't have to vote . 
  i would n't say they 're anti-eu , they just do n't like a centralized federalist agenda . 
  in fact what i can take from their position in the eu is that they want to enhance eu 's democracy either by more transparent law making as well as respecting the principle of subsidiarity . 
  what ? 
  the swedish green party is against the eu ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  well it 's not a great achievement when city hall urges everyone to vote . 
  having posters across town for this is ridiculous . 
  how come ? 
  just look what happened to argentina in the first years of the millennium . 
   greek bonds came under heavy selling pressure on tuesday , with the country 's short-term yields climbing to 9.2 per cent , their highest level since september . 
  the yield on the 10-year bond rose 10 basis points to 7.5 per cent . 
   greece is due to pay nearly $ 7bn to its creditors in july . 
  it will not be able to meet these obligations without a fresh injection of bailout cash . 
  the same story every 6 months or so . 
   someone with more than one citizenship can not be trusted , as he can just move to the other country . 
  someone with dual citizenship is not tied to the country , and can freely destroy it for his own personal gain ( or perhaps for the gain of the other country ) ; someone with only one citizenship would be destroying his own life in the process , as he 'd be trapped in the ruins . 
  this is beyond stupid . 
  our justice minister has both portuguese and angolan citizenship and it 's not like she will destroy the country and escape for angola ( in fact she came here to get away from there ) . 
  never did lgbt people argue to be married by the church . 
  since the advent of the institution of civil marriage it must be of equal eligibility to both hetero and homossexual couples . 
  well i had the same impression when i heard to multiple npr podcasts in your presidential campaign . 
  he 's not talking about the formal institutions . 
  well our debt is also unsustainable , we just keep to ourselves to not rock the boat . 
  it 's the critical moment of the euro , even last week klaus regling talked about a common eurozone bad bank . 
  well portugal did n't lose close to 30 % of its economy nor is still with the specter of the troika looming above us . 
  greece is a case on its own , and the treatment and the drama surrounding it shows how blatant stupid economic decisions kill democracy . 
  even the imf is saying they wo n't be part of the 4th ( !!! ), 
  bailout as the european parts are intransigent in providing much need debt relief . 
  the us and the rest of imf 's shareholders are done with pumping money in a sinkhole for close to 9 years . 
  about the rest of you post again it 's the same moralistic mambo jumbo about the blame being only on greece ( as if the rest of the eurozone did n't close their eyes to let them join ) and the virtuous northern economies . 
  using microeconomics to explain macroeconomy . 
  i personally do n't think it 's wise for greece to exit the euro ( the vast majority of greeks agree , they all know what the other option would entail ) . 
  if they do it 's the domino falling again but this time with the probable final blow to the euro ( and perhaps the eu ) , if italy gets in trouble then there wo n't be big enough programmes . 
  as portuguese if anything i despise his moralistic crusade in economics . 
  everytime we as a country were treading in sensible economic issues like exiting the programme or a debt emission every statement of his would only throw more wood in the fire . 
  sh\u00e4uble did more for the rise in southern european populism than any other leader . 
  the type of xxi authoritarianism where everything looks great but politics are incredibly biased to the status quo . 
  the romans and other cultures had marriage so it 's not like marriage was born out of christianity . 
  there 's also the daily brexit drama or the latest blunders from trump . 
  that makes up for 90 % of political discussion on r/europe . 
  a properly elected senate would be ideal . 
  now people who did n't vote for their head of goverment ( or his party ) are n't represented in the higher chamber of the eu . 
   that 's already apparent on social media . 
  a reddit forum called the_schulz ( a play on trump 's `` the donald '' moniker ) has become a sensation , spawning a flurry of pro-schulz memes and the acronym `` mega , '' for making europe great again . 
   though half in jest , the often exaggerated testimonials , including regular references to schulz as `` chancellor god , '' are creating buzz around schulz 's campaign , adding to its momentum . 
   underscoring the importance social media is likely to play in the coming months , schulz thanked his reddit supporters with a personal video . 
   `` you 've unleashed a wave that is a big help for me , '' he said . 
  `` i am aware of your support . 
  it is engaging , creative and thoroughly enjoyable . '' keine bremsen !, 
  man i 'd love to have the kind of energy soros has with his age . 
  raid towns , occupy them and forcibly march the population of the there . 
  the guy is obsessed with the battle of cultures/religions , he 's not into this for the history . 
  well the byzantines or the vikings did just the same . 
  i have quite the opposite reaction , rutte 's `` lecture '' was a great example of the masking of political decisions into strictly `` tecnocratic '' options . 
   a union wo n't work if people say a walk away and do b. 
  what kind of future do you envision without trust between members ? 
  well i agree but to qualify the latest directions of the european council or the illegitimate eurogroup as a sincere commitment to those values is quite naive . 
  truth be told we all march according to the fiscal line of the german , finnish and dutch economic orthodoxy . 
  there ca n't be trust when the creditors do n't do enough for the economic recovery of the indebted or once one of them acts in a defiant manner they make them an offer they ca n't refuse ( as using the ecb to threaten greece ) . 
  well considering the condescending tone of rutte it was for the best . 
  from what i understand only the right wing csu and the crazies at afd critize her about the refugee crisis , the rest focus on other issues . 
  which shows how shit `` new atheists '' types are , they just replaced religious fervor with anti religious fanaticism . 
  shitty theory . 
  at least bill never claimed to be leftist or socialist . 
  the same ca n't be said about european `` social-democrats '' . 
   both have strong center-left credentials . 
  the french candidate is n't the ruling socialist party 's official nominee -- that 's benoit hamon , a far more radical leftist -- but he has served in the government , and ** despite offering a pro-business program that proposes tax cuts , a more flexible labor market and some expansion of unemployment benefits -- for example , to those working temporary or part-time jobs . 
  the new york times once described him as the `` face of france 's new socialism . 
  so the typical center-right wing liberal . 
  exactly , i 'm finishing the the first part and he even said , arriving in lisbon after the tour , that he came even more portuguese due to the massive welcoming . 
  interesting post . 
  does n't the athens-thessaloki railway suffer from the same negligence and geographic troubles ? 
  the law is n't explicitly discriminatory so it 's entirely legal . 
  in spain if you want to have a public contract with an autonom\u00eda or state agency you often have to offer your proposal in person . 
  there are numerous examples of legislation that benefit national companies while at the same time being in accordance to eu law . 
  having national taxes on certain products is n't a breach in the single market , this tax applies both to sumol , coke or irn bru . 
  while nectar and natural juices were spared they are n't limited to portuguese products , if there 's a slovakian juice they do n't pay just like a portuguese one . 
  i mean it 's kinda obvious there 's a certain effort to protect nectar and natural juices companies but it 's not against imports . 
  no , they used pure pr in last elections like most european countries . 
  the two election before they did indeed use a mixed member proportional system like germany . 
  romania is like france or portugal a semi-presidential republic . 
  different platforms , the leftwing and melenchon especially resent that hollande backpedaled in almost everything they said they 'd do in power . 
  how does this measure bars imports ? 
  also most coke in portugal is made in their factory near set\u00fabal . 
  usually nectar 's and natural juices do n't have the same treatment that fizzy drinks have , it 's entirely legal both in eu and portuguese law . 
  op how the heck does the new sugar tax go against the single market or the portuguese constitution ? 
  plenty of other european countries have taxes on sugary drinks like ours . 
  alas op i 'm very happy with this tax , part of the revenue goes to the national healthcare service while the rest enables lowering income tax . 
  me too thanks . 
  i do n't have the patience nor the will to make your own choices . 
  man vote for whoever you want just do n't blame other people for your own choices . 
  about alternatives either vote for the lesser evil or found your own party . 
  as we can see most people do n't agree with your assessment . 
  i simply do n't give a shit about you , nor are people obliged to . 
  i can see where you 're coming from but what you demand simply is n't in my agreement . 
  no one is pushing you to vote for the far right populists . 
  if you do it 's on you .
