  until next crisis comes about and the whole game begins again ( and then its italy and its banking sector imploding ) . 
   is n't this local news ? 
  i mean , for us , it 's kinda big deal , but i 'm sure other europeans do n't know shit about it , nor kinda give any fuck about it . 
  it 's interesting . 
  still better than the other estonian shitposts with pretty picture or the stupid `` nordic '' meme . 
   however , those few who want to know what 's up . 
  estonia 's ruling party ( holding prime minister portfolio since 2005 ) - reform party ( reformierakond , right-wing , liberal ) - is being kicked out of the government . 
  a new government will be formed between centre party ( keskerakond , `` center '' but leans towards left , `` russian party '' [ * see note below ] , irl ( right-wing , conservative ) and social democrats ( left-wing , liberal ) . 
  so what changes will happen on policy ? 
  more public spending , reform of the tax system ? 
   if merkel had tried to push for that she would have been overwhelmed and we might have seen the german government fall apart . 
  there already was a lot of resistance against the current packages . 
  yeah i suppose in retrospective everything is much easier but even then i doubt merkel would fall as she would probably still retain support from spd or the greens . 
   also : why the fuck should german taxpayers pay for greek fuck ups ? 
  because greeks , spaniards and other southern europeans are in a currency union with you . 
  you get a much lower currency while we have to bare with a too high currency ( yeah i know but we ca n't realistically stop having the euro withouth the collapse of the rest ) . 
  at least meet halfway and let us get a proper currency union . 
  a whole array of things . 
  like the golden straitjacket or the political leanings of those with de facto power . 
   sure it would . 
  the only thing that would be implementing permanent fiscal transfers . 
  no need for such big step . 
  eurobonds for debt until 60 % would 've been enough to calm the markets . 
  you ca n't have a joint currency without a common insurance that would 've allowed for a convergence of interest rates ( convergence it 's one of the reasons of the eu and ironically of the euro ) . 
  then small steps like adding to the mandate of the ecb job creation and lender of last resort instead of trying to bypass with qe . 
  and much more we could 've been doing to perfecting the union . 
   maybe try and adopt the us labour regulations then . 
  heck , forget about the us - try schroder 's agenda 2010 and hartz reforms . 
  yeah i get you like neoliberal policies . 
  too bad we do n't all agree on maximum liberalization , cut on the state to the bone and achieve full freemarket ^ tm . 
  yeah thankfully we can only worship tina , even when we could 've improved the situation for the better . 
   what if the front national gets the majority in the assembly impossible , the french use the same electoral system for both presidential as well as legislative elections . 
  so you 'll always have a `` front r\u00e9publicain '' with the help of everyone even far-left . 
  oh yeah how could i forget that somehow destroying the social fabric of a country is much less than giving money . 
  that promoting policies that drove hundreds of thousands to emigration or lack of basic care is of course unreasonable . 
  truth be told had the eu pushed for a decisive strategy to help out the smaller states while promoting reasonable reforms , making sure to the markets that the smaller states are guaranteed to pay their debts this whole never ending debacle would have never happened . 
  now 6 years after we 're still on the gutter while even the us , the center of the crisis , managed to grow and bring unemployment to 4,9 % . 
   is this union supposed to be charity ? 
  article 80 of the lisbon treaty :  the policies of the union set out in this chapter and their implementation shall be governed by the principle of solidarity and fair sharing of responsibility , including its financial implications , between the member states . 
  whenever necessary , the acts of the union adopted pursuant to this chapter shall contain appropriate measures to give effect to this principle . 
  not a charity but at least a sense of solidarity , not treating some members as more equals than others . 
  your banks ( or italians or spanish ) because ours have been sold by pennies to the chinese or bigger `` european '' banks ( under the `` guidance '' of the ecb ) . 
   `` eurocrats '' ( i guess you mean public officials working for european institutions ? ), 
  did n't make the economic decisions regarding the greek bailout because the eu did n't provide the money ( since it 's not a country ) . 
  yeah it 's not like it was the representatives of the ecb or the eu commission pushing for even more drastic cuts than the imf . 
   both barroso and juncker were a lot less keen on austerity than the ministers of the eurogroup . 
  this just shows how servile and powerless the commission is . 
  if the president of the eurogroup ( a institution that in paper does n't even exist ) and the german finance minister can be more powerful that the supposed executive branch of the eu then it just shows how it 's all a charade where the strong decide and the weak obey . 
   he talks about the eurogroup and dijsselbloem and sch\u00e4uble . 
  he knows those who have the real power . 
   the troika did n't negotiate the deals . 
  they were the ` assessment and advisory ' institution . 
  plus , the commission was just one part . 
  oh yeah those were negotiated by the northern countries with the money , the input of the fiscal hawks in the commission ( and the german council of economic experts ) and other proponents of leaving it to the greeks to pay for their sins . 
   the member states provided the money . 
  not eurocrats , elected governments from around europe . 
  but those who define the procedures and strategy are the troika , micromanaging . 
  we did n't had a single elected person to redefine the whole state . 
   put the blame where it belongs . 
  it does n't belong in brussels . 
  realistically , stimulus economics was politically impossible due to the confederational nature of the eu . 
  do n't be stupid , if spanish and italian banks managed to get billions even covering toxic liabilities surely they could 've helped states in order to stabilize the euro system . 
   if merkel had accepted eurobonds , the conservative party would have been decimated . 
  if merkel had n't pushed for three radical `` solidarity packages '' greece would n't had a loss of 25 % of its gdp , an humanitarian crisis ( both for greeks as well as for refugees ) and probably not a bright future for the next 30 years . 
  thats not the point . 
  reducing a society to the primitive status of either being put in order by an autocrat or a religious fanatic as if they werent able its more due to the strength of democratic institutions and sociological particularities . 
  but one should look how the newly decolonized arab contries easily got a an autocrat with more leaning to the soviets ( north yemen or the assads ) the us ( turkey , reza pahlavi and saudi arabia ) or even trying to play both ( sokharto and nasser ) . 
  and we can see direct action of the soviets in the caucasus or afghanistan . 
  just like eastern european countries 40 years ago . 
  yeap you 're right . 
  just wait until someone shares this news on facebook or a tabloid talks about it . 
   we have 90 parties , some of them with similar platforms that try to take votes from the disenfranchised voters of the other party . 
  the fracturing of parliament is a big thing . 
  that 's up to the parties to decide and to the electorate . 
   i think there is a struggle between representation and effectiveness when it comes to democracy . 
  you make it too effective and you 're looking at a one-party system that does not represent the people , you increase representation to a drastic degree and you ca n't have an effective government . 
  that solely depends on the compromise culture of the parties , in one way you can look at what happened in spain for the last year and then you can look at the netherlands or denmark . 
  forcing such change is just only going to increase electorate apathy , a more illegitimate gov that can be act with 100 % power with less than more than 50 % of voters and the emptying of small parties and viewpoints from active politics . 
  but then you get the end of a pluralistic parliament and instead get a winner takes all approach . 
  all the other minor parties will disappear due to the new electoral system . 
  consensus in parliament and between government as well . 
  i would n't even consider it as legitimate as the winning party will get power it did n't receive from the voters . 
  getting power due to a rigged system is n't fair nor as democratic . 
  the pm of albania is going to recieve an avalanche of aggressive attacks and one sided questions . 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of people in albania register in reddit just to yell at him . 
  it 's the internet equivalent of giving an open mic to everyone in a live debate . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  so you just adopted the french electoral system not even half proportional half two round fptp ? 
  what about the referendum ? 
  if two turn single constituencies pass it will be a blow to democratic pluralism . 
  just like the spanish anthem . 
  starting to shoot venezuelan ships just because they entered in dutch waters is jingoistic . 
  would you advocate the same when the russian tupulevs decided to take a trip to europe ? 
   i honestly would rather that portuguese people would accept these stupid things being said without getting all mad about it , and instead talk maturely and with more distance about it . 
  yeah sorry if some people talk emotionally about a dictatorship that lasted 41 years . 
  if you want to learn read a book on the topic or watch documentaries do n't go to reddit . 
   it is true that he made portugal stronger , and gave a lot of new elements to society while providing a stable system but ... yeah the costs were high . 
  yeap that 's why not knowledgeable foreigners should refrain to saying stupid things about * estado novo * . 
   innocent until proven guilty ? 
  yeah in security terms that really does not exist .
