  jeez ca n't someone think about poor neonazis ? 
  i 'll have to point to you the story of the catholic church and overall almost all christian denominations . 
  i 'm not saying it has , i just think his life embodies what the founders of the eu had in mind . 
  i like his interpretations but the way he handled orchestras and was fine with being the shining conductor of the third reich do n't make him the best choice for representing a modern take on classical music . 
  yeah probably not the best choice for a eu state funeral . 
  apparently there was a joke that as mep someone told him austria and hungary were playing , he replied `` against who ? 
  it 's a big problem , even though capital is no longer restricted to national boundaries , labour still is . 
  legislation is always dependent of national politics even in supra-national unions like the eu . 
  you do remind me of the aspiration of the ii internationale when almost all socialist parties where part of a worldwide party ( that 's why until the current french ps was founded , the socialist party was called the french section of the workers ' international . ), 
   for example , a use of chemical x is allowed in country a , but country b decides to ban it because it 's harmful to people who work with it . 
  some company from country b then decides to take its business to country a so it can use this chemical , and fires all the workers in country b. 
  could n't an international trade union help to prevent that ? 
  sorry if this does n't make much sense , i do n't know much about how trade unions work . 
  your ideas are logic but there 's not a lot of power in international relations in relation to labour unions , the de facto way of thinking and action in ir is realism that says that it 's each country for itself . 
  thanks . 
  would you say that in terms of policies . n is closer to liberal parties than po 's liberal-conservatism ? 
  so what happened to . n ? 
  problem is that labour laws are n't transeuropean . 
  populist leaders will play their hand but they 're well aware the they ca n't make much of a fuss . 
  in a direct confrontation ( a la tsipras and varoufakis ) they 're not in a position to significantly force stronger western member states . 
  you do n't live in this planet if you honestly believe that 's how slave labour and exploitation of migrants work . 
  in portugal slavery and illegal immigration come from all over the world : from southern asia , thailand , eastern europe ( moldova , romania and ukraine ) , africa and so on . 
  eastern europeans are also caught in webs of immigrant slavery , a lot of roma even in big cities are controlled by gangs . 
  this is absolutely fascinating . 
  i looked some photos and pro-bern activists looked like as if moutier decided to declare independence or join france . 
  they are running out of effective terrorists as most of those went to syria or orchestrated the bigger attacks . 
  now it 's mostly online recruits with little experience . 
  do n't even bother , far-right users salivate when faced with the prospect of disseminating their appalling views . 
  this is just the daily thread they grandstand on . 
  hino da carta was composed by the king d.pedro iv itself alongside with the constitutional charter . 
  unfortunately the charter was entirely drafter by the king with no insight from a constituent assembly . 
  you should do like the others and be subtle in your connotations . 
  it 's not hatespeech but even if it was i do n't see why would it be removed from the sub . 
  i do find charming that post-modernism is the latest boogeyman for the far-right . 
  a great coalition of leftists , soros , derrida and social justice activists !, 
  do you even know what words mean ? 
  next thing you 'll tell me how i 'm a liberal and far-leftist at the same time . 
  anyway good effort 30 minute old sockpuppet . 
  you do know you can make all kind of questions right ? 
  it 's not difficult to frame a racist question as `` reasonable '' to those who do n't pay much attention . 
  oh look it 's a far-right user annoyed people give their opinion , how strange . 
  he has every right to be published and present his opinion , i just think it 's a shame how the wsj decided to go so low . 
  and he 's not a nazi , he 's repeating the altright/far-right/neonazi narrative of the crisis . 
  it 's only anti-pc to point out his similarities to those groups . 
  his `` logical '' questions are nothing more than the usual far-right `` enlightened '' talking points . 
  i mean take this one :  why did europe decide it could take in the poor and dispossessed of the world ? 
  why did we decide that anybody in the world fleeing war , or just seeking a better life , could come to europe and call it home ? 
  did europe decide to take the plaque bellow the statue of liberty as the basis of its immigration policy or is the author posing misleading question to justify his far-right drivel ? 
  the governments and main political figures of the eu decided to deal with the current migration crisis for obvious reasons , i mean i suppose i could embrace the far-right narrative but knowing the values and the consensus reached by modern western democracies i do n't need a british neocon pundit to tell me . 
  in the end is yet another ultra-conservative anglo-saxon giving his far-right take on the latest crisis . 
  what i find fascinating is how the wall street thought this had any value . 
  i could read the same thing here on r/europe in one of the massive refugee threads by a throwaway account spewing borderline neonazi propaganda . 
  until the dispute is settled ( and it will entail that serbia recognizes kosovo as a sovereign state ) there wo n't be progress in serbia 's eu accession . 
  were the first well established socialist party in the late 1900s , but with the gotha programme they drifted more and more to reformism . 
  but those are only american liberal media making a sad showing of themselves . 
  the way european politics are framed in a simplistic american narrative is embarrassing . 
  somewhere in alsace i think . 
  yeah but lisbon is n't next to the sea , in front of it it 's the estuary of the tejo . 
  lisbon is n't next to the ocean , it 's next to the river tejo . 
  what a crime . 
  it 's a requirement to lower public debt to less than 60 % , inscribing it in constitutions is up to each country . 
  and it 's locking just one economic path for the foreseeable future . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  either way i 'm a fan of bureocracy and i do n't understand the obsession of trying to make it disappear . 
  ubi still is social injust as the wealthy could ( and should ) be more taxed than someone living with a minimum wage . 
  why then insist on giving public income to the wealthy if they did n't need it , and creating a nonsense system instead of reform the current one ? 
  also could you explain to me how mathematically is a ubi and a flat taxe in any way progressive ? 
  there a non progressive tax and on top everyone gets non progressive public help , it 's not progressive at all . 
  `` go away latin barbarians and stop plundering our capital '', 
  could be great if rehabilitated . 
  it 's not a catholic site , it 's a public plaza with a statue of virgin mary . 
  indeed i ca n't understand why left-wing proponents envision a system that gives a billionaire and a homeless person the same rent . 
  let us then forget the terms of the london agreement on german external debts . 
  political power and those involved in the organizing committee for euro 2004 thought it was a good idea . 
  now municipalities like leiria or aveiro have to pay heavy maintenance fees for stadiums with 20,000 seats and no clubs willing to use them . 
  do n't you think reality is more complex than a moralistic narrative as if countries are individuals ? 
  ah the simplistic moralistic fable goes forth . 
  if i do n't subscribe to right-wing economic thinking ( and moral fables ) then i can only be a leeching socialist . 
  i do n't even fool myself thinking the current ps government is doing a radical change of course compared to the previous gov , but if you ca n't think that people might disagree with the neoliberal dogma you subscribe then you 're out of touch with reality . 
   let 's increase taxes on private workers and give the money to civil servants and pensioners . 
  let 's use the money of the people who actually work and use it to buy votes ... great , could you tell me when was irs hiked on private workers ( i suppose the phasing out of the overtax did n't happen ) ? 
   let 's use the money of the people who actually work and use it to buy votes ... yeah because civil servants do n't work and can only be satisfied with the unilateral cut of a third of their paycheck or their workers rights . 
  and let 's imagine that pensioners are living like kings when we have people surviving with a third of the minimum wage . 
  obviously a left-wing supported gov can only justify this easing with buying votes and not i dunno their political choices within ideology . 
  yeah right . 
  we have at least 3 2004 euro stadiums with little use , a 3rd highway from porto to lisbon ( about 15 % done ) and many other cases of wasting funds in superfluous investment . 
  you think there was n't political will to ignore things like goldman sachs helping to hide greece 's financial problems ? 
  anyone with half a brain knew , putting guilt entirely on the greek state makes a good scapegoat for the moralistic narrative of the european debt crisis . 
  yeah things like railways , scientific programmes and education investment are pointless . 
  faced with the choice of having or not development funds it 's only logical to not use them . 
  our growth is entirely despite the drastic reduction of state investment . 
  and by portugal finally realized that you mean the right-wing narrative , a completely ludicrous belief that until our finances are in better shape the state should be reduced and with minimal investment . 
  it all goes back to the concordata and sucessive political forces supporting it to this day . 
  about the relevance of the day i heard that it 's a popular day for baptisms and other religious ceremonies . 
  the point of a nation is n't necessarily to continue with traditions , spain has that debate since napoleonic times . 
  weak troll , as a superior non southern european you should be working hard so i can enjoy this holiday . 
  it 's a shame for the portuguese state that today is a holiday . 
  exactly , the type of person who writes an overused `` ironic joke '' on the german role in the refugee crisis is n't one that would be in favour of integrating those who are more prone to radicalization . 
  i agree , however we have to acknowledge that a lot of eu nonsensical stuff happens due to political inertia , it 's difficult to justify more powers to brussels ( in this case it would also be a symbolic change as some countries would lose `` their '' commissioner in favour of a foreigner ) especially when the vast majority of the population does n't understand much of the eu . 
   its imperfect system , though ep and ec so far found a way to go around it within limitations of treaties .
