  how really would it be practical ? 
  there 's no unified nato army , either countries accept going on nato missions or do n't . 
  the fact is that even if we had some sort of eu nato it would be much more useless than the atlantic alliance . 
  ah yes nothing better to upheld the values france holds dear than mass deportations and institutional racism at a scale never seen since wwii . 
  * we won the euro 2016 !, 
  national orgasmic partying for two days until the media reminds us of our shitty state . 
  a triumphal parade for the national squad , including receiving the order of merit . 
  * at the same time of this amazing celebration , a air force c-130 set on fire at montijo 's air force base while taking off . 
  3 men died including a pilot trying to save his comrades . 
  * good results in the europe athletics championship , the athletes also received the order of merit . 
  * the eurogroup issues a common statement where it recognizes that in 2014 and 2015 the government did n't meet the 3 % target and its fiscal effort was not enough . 
  it also recommends to the european commission for the first time in 16 years sanctions to a member country ( spain and portugal ) ( most probably 0 % sanctions , although it can get up to a 0,2 % gdp fine or freezing the structural funds ) . 
  the right wing parties try to paint this as the socialist parties fault even though it 's clear to anyone that it was a blatant political attack on the current leftist portuguese gov. 
  the more leftist parties supporting the socialist gov demand that the gov refuses any form of sanctions . 
  the gov points out that unfairness as portugal is set to finally get a defict below 3 % and the deficit of last year ( 2015 ) only skyrocketed to 4,4 because of a last minute bank rescue . 
  official sources hope that the commission gets its senses and give a symbolic 0 % fine . 
  * the fire season is starting . 
  * it 's super hot , in some southern areas temperatures reached 40\u00ba . 
  * we just won the roller hockey euro , beating italy 6-2 the previous champion !, 
  the tournament was organized here at oliveira da azem\u00e9is . 
  i love this whole shtick of denying being a conservative or a reactionary while spouting the same shit as them . 
  if you base your opinion of a whole international organistation due to random people in the internet you 're doing it wrong . 
  lol, 
  yeah let 's ask the egyptians , the greeks or the burmanese how their authoritarian military juntas were great . 
  yeah he just lets the spteznaz kill hundreds of kids at beslan . 
  let the peoples vote in someone who is n't trying to turn turkey in a islamic state . 
  until then we have to respect their choice ( supposing that the elections are n't rigged in a large scale ) . 
  since when do all tunisians embrace the same ideology ? 
  do you see yourself completely agreeing with sicilians and sardinians ? 
  pretending that whole populations are a single minded bloc just due to their nationality/ethnicity/religion is completely against the values of european culture : promoting individuality and personal liberties . 
  the way that the far right depicts the `` others '' is not far from islamists . 
  if your going to use racist points at least be frank with yourself . 
  if you throw millions as not `` worthy '' of being in europe i fail to see how you can excuse yourself as `` not racist '' . 
   if assad , the russians and the us declare that isis is dead and that their idea of a caliphate is nothing but a pile of burning rubble , nobody will join . 
  sadly that 's the ennerving part of terrorism , you ca n't just kill it . 
  you 'll always have ideological fundamentalists . 
   our foreign minister is elected to parliament and part of the danish government . 
  even in denmark you can have minister who were n't elected , it 's not like in the uk system . 
   she was just a pawn used to please the italiens by giving me them a big european job like any other member of the commission and other major european institutions . 
  you can say the same about your foreign affairs minister . 
  she 's part of the juncker comission , supported by three different euparl groups . 
  use the fucking search bar . 
  that 's a 5 year residency visa . 
   i 'm not saying it should be public but it should be their as a last resort . 
  but first we need better negotiators and we need urgently to form a country block with common grounds to have a better voice . 
  the negotiators are the ministers , this is all political . 
  but so far that has been the strategy of the current government , we 're more closely aligned with the southern countries . 
  due to the `` necessity '' of always getting a unanimous dicision , the decisions tend to be a compromise between the hard lines of fiscal contention and those who favour more growth friendly policies . 
   also greece could have worked better if other countries back it up ( not that i was will full agreement with the greek government ) , what our government did at the time was beyond stupid , siding with the same people that are kicking us now , just to be a good student . 
  a lot good that did us . 
  yeah the past gov was completely subservient and the way how we did n't even tried help out greece was absolutely despicable . 
  no , i mostly agree with you . 
  i 'm not as radical in proposing to get a full confrontational atittude \u00e0 la syriza as i remember how the whole duel ended up . 
   big change that will give since my country has like 0 say even if it had a government that wanted that . 
  you have to start somewhere , unless you plan to organize a major protest that effectively manages to alter the government 's route then you have to start small . 
  and there 's nothing more simple and powerfull than voting ( even if you feel that your vote is meaningless ) . 
   so sorry , but you are beeing incredible naive , southern contries are getting explored and given out government powers without nothing in return to unelected people or other governments , and this has been going on for at least 5 years and even with all the push back they are still on the path . 
  if you think this will change within the system , you are wrong . 
  i know what 's been happening in the last 8-10 years but turning myself into a melodramatic outsider as if i could n't do nothing is to me even worse . 
  taking the high horse and proclaim the death of the european project due to a petty political dispute ( that in the end will end up with a meaningless `` sanction '' ) wo n't do anything . 
  vote in national and european elections for parties who make one of their priorities the democratization of brussels , rejecting isolationist nationalism as the only alternative to the current status quo . 
  it 's small but all help is needed , especially when such objective seems very far from reality . 
  if anything it only shows how volatile his beliefs were . 
  i do n't hate the portuguese state due to the actions of the portuguese government , the same applies to the union and the current political prevailing ideology . 
  the usual `` they took your jerbs '' coupled with not so subtle xenophobia . 
  that 's only happening in portugal to be honest.they should drop the fa\u00e7ade and go with ppd , a name that aligns much better with their ideology and european filiation . 
  it 's not a problem when the target are refugees from the third world . 
  we wo n't be fined , in the ecofin we have enough votes with france and italy to block any proposal for sanctions . 
  that 's like saying stalin was great as he managed to turn the ussr in a world power . 
   he 's not only favourably seen outside the country , he was voted `` homem do s\u00e9culo '' in portugal . 
  lol the guy in second place was \u00c1lvaro cunhal the historic leader of the communist party . 
  that 's all you need to know . 
   i do n't disagree with what you 're saying , i 'm just noting that i do n't think the majority of portuguese people agree with you . 
  i know the portuguese extreme-right likes to generalize and equate the old saying of `` we were better back then '' with approval for the regime but saying the majority is n't against the dictactorship is streeching a lot . 
   kudos to italy , greece , belgium and portugal noticing what a fucking piece of shit fico is . 
  it 's the mid-atlantic ridge , where new tectonic plates are `` created '' . 
  so you believe that the current economic wise liberal tory government ( who just announced that they 'll lower the corporate tax by 5 % ) will make an effort to promote less precarious jobs and ensure more job security to employees ? 
  his current girlfriend . 
  he was caught visiting his then mistress ( he was married ) by the press . 
  if the union ca n't even uphold its dearest principles against a country with little negotiating power then we better throw the treaties and legislation down the toilet . 
  we 've always been an nation of emigrants . 
  5 million portuguese citizens live abroad . 
  oh fuck off as if 10 % of the british electorate had any idea of mister juncker or schultz . 
  by that order of thinking i 'm waiting for someone to call obama to step down as he too has warning of the implications of brexit . 
  our financial sector is in shambles . 
  i ca n't see any reason for a peripheral country like portugal getting this immense bargaining chip . 
  it 's in the fucking article . 
   it needs a new body ( second chamber / us-style senate ) we have it , it 's the council of the eu . 
  it 's ambassadors voting according to national government 's so making them electable would improve things . 
  they probably have parliamentary holidays . 
  to churches and palaces . 
   what was it they gave europe in such an abundance , compared to other countries ? 
  philosophy , literature , art ... 
  i 'm not a fan of today 's or soviet/imperial russia but you can still admire some aspects of russian culture . 
   russia is not europe ( it is geographically , but not culturally by that order of thinking nor are the baltics or ukraine european . 
  russia itself gave more to european culture than scandinavia or another group of small countries . 
  it 's amazing how he even managed to shoehorn the illuminati pyramide there . 
  just one of the 4 economic freedoms that are the basis of the common market , little thing really . 
  only because those learned how to sugarcoat their speech . 
  * jobbik * golden down * the new neonazis in slovakia * lega nord and many others dont play stupid,
