  yeah that 's why certain topics have the continual approval of the majority of users, 
  clinton without a doubt . 
  it 's very opposed to any russian incursions , wants to send troops to eastern european countries , will probably aplly pressure to the germans to find out a credible way out of the never ending crisis and is by far the only one who has an idea of foreign relations . 
  trump and sanders would be a return to isolationism , donald with the stupid idea that everything can be negotiated ( including with his friend putin ) and sanders does n't have nor the internal support nor the capacity to exert power . 
   the majority of hungary 's military equipment is soviet/russian in origin , it only makes sense for them to look towards russia when it comes to modernization . 
  jeez it 's not like we 'd like to have a common framework and cohesion inside a military alliance that started has a counterweight to russian imperialism ? 
  she 's in favor of the eu . 
  she even was on diem25 's launch . 
  it will be brigaded by far-right extremists . 
  you can bet the 10 more upvoted questions will be super agressive racist mambo jambo . 
  you voted him in the last eu elections . 
  but did n't last elections the socialists managed to form a sort of united front against \u00f3rban ? 
  noone of the other countries will want to have the same deal as greece . 
  any sort of same deal as greece is toxic to portugal 's finantial reputation , so i suppose the other governments would push for a more backstage solution rather than an haircut . 
  to be fair noone of those countries have considerable weight to make a sole solution . 
  the ppe holds the key to any solution . 
  `` jeez that stalin fella sure it 's a totalitarian maniac but at least his taste in skyscrapers was superb '', 
  why wo n't plaid cymru ally with labour ? 
  i 'm sorry but that opinion is not acceptable in / r/europe . 
  for this sub all the migrants are economic migrants even if un data show us that about 79 % of people that crosses the mediterranean comes from the top 10 refugee producing countries . 
  i wonder if the opinion would be the same if 70 years ago the us rejected jewish refugees just because france or the netherlands sare closer to nazi germany . 
  well the problem is that in spain the left-wing demands are unreasonable to have a really progressive party . 
  while in portugal the left was able to negotiate a program without the small left-wing parties throwing away its ideals , podemos kills any chance of deal by risking the union of spain . 
  the way podemos has acted only shows that they are only interested in occupying psoe 's place instead of having a real left-wing gov coalition . 
  in the end it will be due to podemos that the right-wing will govern for 4 more years . 
  you do realise that trump will probably lose with a difference of about 7 points to hillary right ? 
  he 's in historical minimums with every electoral group othern than poor non college educated white voters . 
  if mitt romney could n't win the white house with 65 % of the white vote , no way will the orange topee do it . 
  if you think the french are n't patriotic then you 're out of this world . 
  all the western nations are proud of its history and values no matter how many myths the eastern european media tries throw . 
  you know it 's the same line of reasoning that the russians use to `` attack '' the west . 
  if i hack a electronic voting database i can change thousands and even millions of votes , the same ca n't be said about stealing mail and physically changing the vote . 
  really ? 
  i thought that at least in autonom\u00edas where a local language exists the gov would try to help them grow . 
  also , are n't asturiano and leon\u00e9s the same language ? 
  how are things with leon\u00e9s-asturiano ? 
  to me its incredible how even a small poor municipality in portugal managed to retain its language ( mirandese ) better than the autonomias in spain . 
  how the hell do you become a shit state if you chose to give more autonomy to the regional entities ? 
  are you one of those french that believe that france is just paris ? 
  what ? 
  europe does n't has the upper hand in this whole refugee and migrant crisis . 
  why would south tyrol even vote to join austria ? 
  they get to keep 90 % of their taxes and a substancial part of the population is italian speaking . 
  plus with schengen and the euroregion it doensnt seem to me that being ruled by rome or vienna would be much different . 
  oh really ? 
  then i suppose formerly state companies like suez , total , airbus , most national airlines , all the relevant telcos , the military -- industrial complex , railways and many others just got natural monopolies by chance . 
  also i 'm pretty sure most right-wing dictatorships , the asian tigers or post-wii western europe were ruled by lefties . 
  no she is n't , what she 's advocating is the old french tradition of economic * dirigisme * , as right-wing presidents did ( de gaulle ) . 
  people need to stop linking state intervention with leftism . 
  i meant that odd peninsula a bit north of bari . 
  is it a touristic spot or swamps ? 
  no , you fail to take account the ideological reasoning . 
  it 's happening tough . 
  did n't ps banned everyone who is filliated with on marche !, 
  so what happens in the area opposite to naples ( facing the adriatic ) ? 
  same but it was clear from the start that hamon and melenchon were n't capable of forming a left-wing front or that macron was very probable of passing to the second-turn . 
  maybe the `` gauche plurielle '' can happen in the legislatives . 
  the us is not going to ditch nato , even if trump is into it mattis will tell him why nato is the prime example of american interests in europe . 
  the whole kerfuffle about each member spending 2 % of it 's gdp is ridiculous . 
  for example portugal needs investments in its armed forces but there are areas where money could be better spent like culture , housing or infrastructure . 
  i understand that nato 's eastern european members go for it but the difference of germany or italy spending a bit more on its armed forces is negligible especially when in western europe we should be more worried about cyberattacks and chinese/russian oligarchs buying strategic companies . 
  interesting , thanks for the insight !, 
  still i completely agree with the mainstream green stance on nuclear plants : as of right now they cost a lot to build , takes ages , most projects get derailed , the tariffs are set in stone for decades and in the end you might build a nuclear plant with an already obsolete design . 
  and then you have the environmental footprint . 
  yeah the stars aligned for pvv and they still could n't reach 20 % at least . 
  is there any green member who is for nuclear power ? 
  it 's such a central point for `` green ideology '' that it 's pretty hard to overcome . 
  i was referring to a part of finns ( the party ) members not all finns ( the people of finland ) . 
  i read a considerable of finns members want to ditch swedish from the education system as well the protected status , so obviously is about protecting swedish in finland . 
  ah the nuclear hard-on goes forth !, 
  of all the policies that 's the one that annoys you in a party called `` green '' ? 
  as if most of this parties did n't appear with the anti nuclear movement in the 80s and early 90s . 
  op has a quite clear agenda regarding bosniaks and bosnia herzegovina . 
  ah i thought you were talking about topography , not about buildings . 
  portugal , a flat country ? 
  so what are some of the big issues in helsinki ? 
  housing , public transport , taxes ? 
  the more extreme faction led by that mep with a strange name surely caters to a smaller electorate . 
  i care !, 
  but to be honest i 'm a bit of an elections fan . 
  it 's the same with women 's rights . 
  to them liberal values and feminism is only useful when they can use it as a weapon against muslims . 
  you do understand why turkey is nowadays 99 % muslim , right ? 
  why greece does n't have the same muslim population than it did before the populations exchanges . 
  it 's an important subject for a whole economic sector as well communities that rely on cheesemakers . 
  free movement is as socialist as it can be a liberal value . 
  not quite , i do n't remember podemos using nationalistic rethoric . 
  indeed , all this talk about repatriating papusa due to her being a ( probably illegal ) beggar misses the point . 
  it 's strange to think sonneborn voted against this , i had the impression he mostly abstained . 
  nah , nativism is pretty much a staple of far-right thinking . 
  obviously there 's a spectum inside the european radical and far right but still they all are on the extreme end . 
  ok , could you give me some examples of their leftist proposals ? 
  yeah at the moment . 
  you do n't have to , i 'm just wondering how can you say they 're leftists . 
  i was looking for a different insight . 
  could you give me some examples of their leftist proposals ? 
  how is the center party leftist then ? 
  most do but in the end it 's the president who has the ultimate power . 
  even tough france is a semi-presidential republic ( like portugal ) the president can have almost full control if he has a legislative majority ( that 's when the prime-minister becomes a sort of a figurehead ) ; if there 's cohabitation then the prime-minister ultimately gets the eagle 's share of de facto political power . 
  you mean like northern africans and middle easterners do ?
