  racial profiling is one of the pillars of the border security of the us . 
   if i am say , a university student transferring $ 7 to my mate at 02:34 a saturday night , would you think i actually have the intet of committing any acts beyond stuffing my face with boozefood ( ? ), 
  supposing you still publicly ( online or in real life ) say you 're about to bomb or do a terrorist act the security forces will still act . 
  it 's a more extreme version of shouting `` fire '' in a packed theater . 
  the revolutionary period after the 1974 revolution when the country was close to a civil war . 
  prec ( ongoing revolutionary process ) began in the following days after the fall of the authoritarian fascist regime and lasted until the with the implementation of the constitution of 1976 ( still in use ) . 
  we had a right wing coup attempt as well a failed left-wing coup . 
  we received 500,000 portuguese living in the soon to be ex-colonies , nationalization of the majority of the economy , occupation of large estates in the south to turn them in cooperatives , flight of much of the previous regime elite to brazil , skirmishes and bombings in party hq 's , political terrorism ( including separatist terrorism in the islands ) and much more . 
  ah you 're right . 
   italy italian has been a parliamentary republic since its referendum to abolish monarchy . 
  and how can someone not you know if you do not intend to commit said acts ? 
  have you ever landed in the usa ? 
  because saying stupid stuff like that gives you a nice meeting with the fbi for at least a couple of days with the possibility of being barred to ever lay foot in american ground again . 
  if ama 's continue with this trend we 'll have juncker or schultz here . 
  also i 'm hoping for a ama with jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates . 
  anyday now . 
  just like ocuppy wall street . 
  i generally agree this sub is a bit hostile to french both as a languages as a collection of stereotypes . 
  but then again compared to greeks , english or germans is nothing . 
  i dont think anyone here hates france we 're just angry about the double standards . 
  there is no precedent since varoufakis plan did n't go through . 
  honestly we better reform the euro rather than quitting everyone losing 50 % of savings and be at the mercy of the markets ( at least now the ecb keeps our interst lower than it would be outside ) . 
   but the government are the ones in the worst position , as they are the government , the left wing parties can just say , `` the budget failed because they are the same as the right wing '' . 
  the left wing has the upper hand in the negotiations . 
  i really do n't think that . 
  if one of the leftist parties stops to support the gov they 'll be punished by the electorate when there 's the danger of a right wing gov or a grand coalition . 
  i mean look at next year 's budget where ps managed to continue with spending reduction while making small concessions to the left . 
  that 's one of the many ways we can know if someone is brazilian . 
  a fucked up english name written phonetically ? 
  yeap it 's brazilian . 
  portuguese children can only be named from a list unless one of the parents is foreign . 
  therefore everything is okay . 
   there are talks about modifying the electoral law . 
  did n't you change it last summer ? 
  the new two round majoritarian system ? 
   why would one have to enter a mosque to learn about islam ? 
  it 's like this thread is in the pre-digital age and we do n't have hd virtual tours of much older , more historically important mosques . 
  because actually experiencing places and other people 's belief is great for sparking interest and learning . 
  why the heck would we go to museums or monuments then ? 
  no high tech virtual reality device will ever substitute going outside and experiencing things . 
   kids who do n't want to enter a religious place of worship should n't be forced . 
  they can refuse and they can get a penalization as in most things . 
  most kids probably do n't want to go to school or have pe . 
  if a kid does not want to play volleyball or run 5km without a reasonable reason he 'll get a penalization . 
  it 's like most things , children do n't have much leeway in doing what they want . 
   i think people need to start thinking about rights for us atheists the way that theists have rights . 
  we should n't be forced to be exposed to religion that we think is poisonous . 
  there is no knowledge which can only be imparted in a mosque that ca n't be imparted in a classroom . 
  hope the school district continues to fight this and attract more bad pr . 
  you are being the orthodox one , the self-important new atheist . 
  learning about religion is not the same as indoctrination nor is learning about nazism the same as propaganda . 
  get off of your high horse . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i went to a nearby nun 's private school and we still had school trips to places like lisbon 's mosque or a synagogue . 
  plus they did n't made you attend catechesis ( or at least whenever we did n't had a older nun as a substitute teacher ) . 
  i 've always been atheist but it was nice learning about catholicism and then later about other religions . 
  why ? 
  learning about religions is key to understanding the world . 
  of course it provides employment and economic activity in the vicinity . 
  i 'm kinda late but this topic is so interesting that i could n't miss . 
  my grandma is too a kiwi farmer , although a bit south in the aveiro district . 
  where we used to have grapes for the local coop wine now ( and i mean about 12 years ago ) kiwis are everywhere . 
  now what do you think about the oligarchy of kiwi distributes like kiwicoop or the other one owned by jer\u00f3nimo de martins ( i suppose the situation is the same around porto ) ? 
  how does kiwi compare to say wine or other fruits ? 
  is there enough help form the agriculture ministry , euro funds or specialized associations ? 
  can you get a decent living and if so did you choose the agricultural work ? 
  also you 're galician ? 
  thanks !, 
  ah yes blair known for his ideologic shift to third leftism while embarking in a truly socialist path . 
  ironically the only way ukip or fn got media attention was being elected to the euparl . 
  you do understand rtp has an independent body in charge dont you ? 
  indeed in the population exchange of 20s between greece and turkey turkish speaking greeks were sent to greece while greek speaking turks were sent to anatolia . 
  even pontus greeks or anatolian greeks that werent understood by european greeks . 
  just read any threads on r/historyporn when nazi appears . 
  akp has 50 % on polls they have massive popular support the problem is throwing away rule of law . 
  also how exactly would youn caracterize sinistra italiana ? 
  a mix of the greens with socialists ? 
  what are their stances on europe , foreign affairs ( russia ) or economy ? 
  you forgot to refer how hungary was the last european bulwark against the muslim invasion yada yada . 
  but muh 4chan speak muh white race muh populism, 
  im not even thinking about that . 
  its the blatant disrespect that she showed to the post , one of the top in the commission . 
  i dont know if you 're joking but for at least 5 years libya is a failed state . 
  their statistics are obviously not updated . 
  indeed everyone who came and is scheduled to come to portugal is from italian and greek camps . 
  noone of them get a royal welcome . 
  they re processed and then sent to camps in italy . 
  this whole ideological charade is just like when the americans managed to portray every person getting state support as a welfare queen . 
  i 'll go with diligent jewish magic . 
  afterall they had so much of the world to control that you ca n't do everything at once . 
  that goes against the almost unilateral view of those who have the power to change . 
  ordoliberalism and troika experimentation to everyone !, 
  ah so that 's why lisbon was destroyed 250 years ago . 
  hijabs is more of a cultural tradition that became linked to islam than a core element . 
  plus the authoritarian middle-eastern dictatorships persecuted those who were too fundamentalist . 
  it 's a french province . 
  what a shameless person . 
  first she got to keep her cozy job after a humilliting defeat even with the backing of epp and backroom games with the bulgarian gov. 
  now she uses the commission again as a springboard to her career . 
  it 's like what happened here .
