   why not make it so that they stay in their homecountries \u00e1 la australia ? 
  because it 's impossible to do that . 
  a great deal of them come from warzones and dictatorships so it would be immoral to make them return to their war torn homeland . 
   so what is your solution ? 
  allow everybody who thinks they have a bettger life in europe to immigrate into schengen ? 
  how many million refugees can we sign portugal up for ? 
  40-50 million ? 
  i do n't have a solution . 
  i just think that it 's appaling to suppose you can stop the immigration by adopting an unhuman approach to the problem . 
   yup . 
  nothing to see here . 
  just a major immigration crisis . 
  those with eyes open are racist . 
  especially the truck driver who get their vehicles highjacked . 
  i never said that i 'm for the whole disaster in calais . 
  once you have higly upvoted replies saying to let the immigrants drown in the mediterranean or they should head to their countries as if they had n't good reasons to left those places it 's idiotic to think the discussion in this subreaddit is moderate and well tought . 
  expected . 
  it 's poking the more encircled russian bear . 
  finally a portuguese company is a success worldwide !, 
   1st : tunisia will benefit from an abundant workforce and good education . 
  people in that city can go to work in other parts if europe invest in the rest of tunisia also . 
  an abundant workforce of unskilled immigrants and a university that would probably be not much of a big deal . 
  ask yourself , who would teach in tunisia for a shitty pay ? 
  i really think you must be underage or something because there are things that money ca n't buy . 
   2nd : what i think should be redirected is aid to countries like zimbabwe , angola , burundi , guinea bissau , sudan etc. 
  where the money will surely finds its way into the elites ' pockets . 
  in these countries there are widespread corruption and i doubt aid makes significant changes compared to the total amount we spend . 
  even if a part of the aid goes to corrupt individuals the objective of the aid is still there . 
  you got to be really na\u00efve to think that just because tunisia gets some money they 'll ditch their soverign territory to a eu city state full of immigrants and refuges . 
  plus i really dont think it 's good to lower 25 % of the aid to african countries to build this neo colonialist adventure . 
  i get that you got a very good plan in its execution and the logistics . 
  but it is beyond stupid . 
  let 's get real . 
  why would tunisia accept ? 
  and why should the european taxpayer go on an adventure ? 
  it will be a great day when europe follows thailand regarding immigration . 
  it was bound to happen once r/europe became a default . 
  i suppose most of them come from english speaking countries and some of them may already have family in the uk . 
  at least here and othe more poorer countries of the eurozone it would increase prices . 
   invaders the hordes of poor africans and syrians . 
  from eritrea most of them are leaving conscription . 
  the problem there is that when you go to the army you only leave about 20 years later . 
  except the militias , al qaeda or the tuareg raids . 
  all 7 of them . 
  hahahaha or hehehe . 
  angola and mozambique . 
  guinea-bissau is a narco state with a lot of problems . 
  cabo verde is just too poor in other areas than tourism . 
  i was talking in the galician political landscape . 
  i had the impression that it was mostly pp with some psoe . 
  wow i thought the bng wasnt such a big force . 
  about a quarter of them are eritrean escaping military conscription ( that ends up to be a quaisi slavery ) . 
  plus there 's the syrians . 
  just like france is south america or oceania . 
  hungary ? 
  finland with the true finns ? 
  a possible fn president in france ? 
  you mean what the religion thinks about homosexuals ? 
  i ca n't speak for thousands of persons though . 
  how is language a bad thing ? 
  im quite proud of our muslim community here . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  time and money . 
  i bet the greek private sector is swimming in cash to invest . 
  i really do n't hope that . 
  if any social marijuana clubs . 
  men kissing men here is acceptable when it 's family . 
  wtf ? 
  most of the homeless parking `` valets '' are portuguese . 
  and we do n't have anything against romanians . 
  if any most people do n't like gypsies either portuguese or romanian . 
  as far as i 'm concerned he isnt lying nor shitposting . 
  thanks for patronizing us !, 
  most houses in the city center are owned by low income people or are just abandoned . 
  even our cancer research is nothing big . 
  compare that to countries like belgium or ireland . 
  we only get the impression it is because everytime anything scientific made in portugal happens the newspapers show it as a great breakthru . 
  finally i can say to my mom i made a difference in the world !, 
  it still doesnt make it right . 
  the hivemind goes both ways . 
  belgium is a small country , well located in the middle of europe and most important not a big player . 
  it 's not ok . racist/xenophobic shit is still bad . 
  the location of the hq is geopolical not military . 
  france ? 
  the most anti nato member of nato ? 
  btw there 's reason the hq isnt in a big country . 
  it 's a claw . 
  ahahah savannajeff a leftist !, 
  a guy who actively supports a free trade agreement is now a dirty leftist . 
  i never understood why you are an ass whenever greece come up . 
  do you have some sort of online vendetta against greece or you just like to be edgy ? 
  we 're mislabelled africans . 
   what 's edgy about killing and eating an animal ? 
  nothing but killing an animal in live radio just to `` show '' how :  we as a society have lost contact with nature , and we 're starting to lose touch with reality , that is the point . 
  is fucking stupid . 
  it 's as stupid as killing a giraffe just because it ca n't breed . 
   though healthy , he [ marius the giraffe ] was considered genetically unsuitable for future breeding so it was decided by the zoo authorities to kill him . 
  i do n't think so but you have literally a different ethnic group in the middle of your country . 
  why do it in live radio ? 
  we all know how shitty industrial farming , you do n't need to be edgy and kill a animal just to make a stupid point .
