  plus i love how russia pushes chess to every kid . 
  ignoring the context this comment could aply to jews some decades ago . 
  the concept of a united iberian peninsula . 
  it would be a federation of nations so it would supposedly please everypart involved . 
  hide . 
  there is n't any greater good i consider to die for , plus i do n't have much hope for paradise or other life . 
  the non humorous german . 
  that 's the pro argument . 
  yeah , before the 20th century disagreements between countries were dealt with the prime ministers or kings giving hands and singing `` kumbaya '' . 
   need to read some history books or either emigrate to spain . 
  here 's the pro and counter argument for those two points : saramago, 
  i agree . 
  higher education it 's now much more widespread than 40 years ago . 
  but those who managed to pass beyond the 4th class became fluent in french . 
  most people when using portuguese outside portugal use it in africa . 
  the labour market in brazil is rather limiting to portuguese immigration . 
  the older generation know its french tho , either by being back then the lingua franca of culture or emmigration to france and switzerland . 
  i dont quite get it . 
  are you a house wife , an important govermment official or both ? 
  oh look the same old house management parable . 
  because its totally reasonable to compare the financial state of a country to my private management . 
  and by the way , according to your falacious analogy , the house is from the greeks . 
  yeah the whole eurozone is helping them with their morgage repayment but if they insist that greece should sell some of its important assets to the chinese for pennies or that they should begin living without electricity it compromises greece 's capacity to get back on its feet . 
  of course you are talking as if you are in a higher moral ground . 
  you are treating an entire country as a misbehaving kid . 
  dont worry , once greece exits we will be the center of europe for a solid half year . 
  they are trying a new direction while being resonable enough to understand that to dance it takes two . 
  it 's much better than to just blindly follow the german axis . 
  i 'm baffled by how the majority of portuguese posters in this subreddit talks to greeks as if we have an higher moral ground . 
  although we arent in such financial and economical mess we sure arent ireland . 
  the way you phrased it seems you are referring to wehrmacht soldiers while the ones shown in the photo were from the ss , the paramilitary arm of the nazi party . 
  until you get shot, 
  pilas is batteries in spanish though . 
  this would be much more useful against graffitti . 
  do you know how much time this hydrophobic property lasts ? 
  when mexico sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing drugs . 
  they 're bringing crime . 
  they 're rapists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . '' god lord it 's part of his first speech as a contender to become the us president . 
   portugal can be the poland of southern europe god no . 
   how about a referendum on accepting refugees ? 
  human rights should n't be subject to a referendum , especially when its one of the core values of the union . 
  hey how were elections ? 
  the north african countries will be super grateful for external forces dumping non citizens in its rightful territory . 
  wait are n't you a portuguese living in japan ? 
  do you have the same view regarding a united ireland ? 
  how ? 
  he 's against free trade and it 's even more isolationist than trump . 
  from a eastern european point of view i would n't want a american president with zero competence in foreign relations . 
  what ? 
  its the only reason why most of spain , portugal and italy are n't paying 4-5 % for bonds . 
  without qe southern europe would need another round of bailouts . 
  sadly ? 
  i assume you 've never had rabbit stew with toasts . 
  while we 're at it could expand a little on the whole situation with fidesz since they came to power ? 
  most greeks are well aware that they benefit from the eu . 
  now the euro is a completely different story ... 
  this whole mechanism was put in place due to the hungarian case . 
  that 's the state not the government . 
  press freedom was never at risk , the fact is that the culture minister had an attitude from the xix century when you would slap and duel with critics . 
  i meant the uk in particular . 
  i doubt he resigns , maybe this is a ignorant comment but i ca n't remember when did protests affect governance in a substantial way in the last years . 
  if anything having colonies after wwii only enabled investing money in the profitable overseas than investing at home . 
  portuguese colonists were freer than those who lived in the metropolis . 
   right wing - nazi . 
  wow i did n't know that being openly anti semitic and xenophobic is now a common right wing trait . 
  it 's hard to not call someone a nazi when their actions fit the term . 
  i wish arte could replace euronews . 
  even for a 24h news channel the news are only superficially examined . 
  reddit as a whole has a fixation for 4chan , using the newspeak and inevitably trying emulate the culture . 
  part wannabee edginess part mimicry . 
  brace yourselves , iceland will be the first country in the world where the [ pirate party becomes government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icelandic_parliamentary_election,_2017 ) . 
  a marble quarry with classroom tables . 
  so who will win your presidential elections ? 
  the green guy ? 
  * woosh *, 
  well with all the incessant praising of our lord saviour \u00d3rban , it was only a matter of time until the cult of putin . 
  long live the russian federation and the eurasian union !, 
  oh please stop being butthurt for the way a parlamentarian democracy works . 
  what the hell are you smoking ? 
  since when did n't the majority of the electorate look up for their retirement and pensions ? 
  i never quite understood why do n't you have a somewhat active sub . 
  here is \u00e2nus . 
  spaniards always laugh when some portuguese says their age as `` ano '' is year in this side of the border . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  its known pesky southerners dont have the brain capacity of the almost germanic czechs . 
  dead buried children do n't glow in the dark . 
  i agree , she 's been giving very poignant points of view while farage has just said it was the eu that caused the war in donbass . 
  what happened in the late 60s for germany ( are the stats from both germanies or only frg ? 
  does monaco have some sort of dialect different from parisian french ? 
  at least 4 countries speak it : france , belgium , switzerland and monaco . 
  plus it 's the most used language in pan european institutions after english . 
  we 've always been short . 
  even in ast\u00e9rix the lusitanians are portrayed as plump short men with mustaches . 
  only recently ( 1-2 generations ) the medium height reached 1,70 m. 
  he 's referring to f\u00e1tima .
