  eh not really , the majority of users are quite keen on simplistic populist tirades . 
  that 's sad , from what the article says he only uses english or russian when his audience are fluent . 
  well i for one would like the law and order candidate to respect the law . 
  this law applies to all french citizens it would be lunacy to give a free pass to marine just because she 's a politician . 
  why not vote for macron then ? 
  what 've taken from it : * ano 11 - `` liberal '' populist party led by the richest man in the czech republic , de facto a one man show . 
  dangerous ties between business and state affairs , berlusconi comes to mind . 
  * ods - nationalist conservative party , used to be the main right wing party after independence until last elections ano 11 ate most of its electorate . 
  * kdu-csl - a party whose history stretches back a century to an independent czechoslovakia . 
  in democracy it 's regionalism , agrarian and christian democratic . 
  never got much more than 15 % , got in coalition with either the social-democrats , ods and right now with both cssd and ano . 
  * top 09 - split from kdu-csl - liberal-conservative , wants more eu integration , euro and other liberal reforms . 
  not sure if it 's that different from ano11 . 
  so can someone explain me how are the 4 center-right parties different from each others ? 
   some tour guides are known to run trips related to the toddler 's disappearance around praia da luz , taking in the flat and the restaurant her parents were eating at on the fateful night when the three-year = old went missing . 
   she told the sun : `` i 've been offered money by the whole world but i 'm not interested . 
  i 'm sure the people who live in lagos and luz are very interested in one of the most horrible events that ever happened there . 
  of course back then * cais das colunas * did n't exist . 
  i 've been there and most people do n't even want to speak about it . 
  if anything it 's `` tourists '' . 
   the market will stabilise and give a wage according to how much people contribute to the economy . 
  simple as that . 
  and how will the workers get a fair deal if they do n't have strong unions ? 
  to me it seems there is an untapped niche between the communists and the rest of the center and right . 
  if you want a modern , progressive and leftist party to whom can you vote ? 
  your increasing threshold also does n't help with an union of small parties , the greens and the pirates could 've have a real chance if the system did n't penalize coalitions . 
  it 's to please their voting public but mostly because of ideological positions . 
  uhm that 's why people are flocking to ano 11 then . 
  if supposedly social democrats embrace liberalism then people will vote for the real deal . 
  low fertility ( one of the lowest in the world ) , emigration , lack of jobs in the interior . 
  the same in spain or inner america . 
  shame if it 's torn down.the project for the replacement is underwhelming . 
  ehh not i would n't paint all nationalist-populists with the same brush . 
  also what they say differs quite a lot from what they actually do . 
  ukip and pvv are very different from fn or fp\u00d6 . 
  the eu has been improving economically for some countries and for some ideological groups . 
  when we compared 2017 with 2004 almost everyone can see how the eastern bloc or the northern economies are much better . 
  in a more segmented view one can wonder if working class germans and britons are better now . 
  there 's also the socio-cultural feeling that thing 's are worst than in the `` good old days '' in the wealthy west even tough the economy is better than ever . 
  it 's a matter of perceptions . 
  * woosh * your comment reads like the daily `` this is why trump won '' , a plea for political correctness in dealing with the far right . 
  ah got . 
  you moved to germany or is that an obscure hungarian flag ? 
  yeah and it would probably need a referendum . 
   i at least do n't have to pay for the fuckups of past generations . 
  do n't worry i 'm sure you 'll still pay corporate taxes , 
  how is r2g being bad for berlin ? 
  is n't petry in danger of losing the leadership to an even more extreme faction ? 
  it would be pretty sweet , to get the same what she did to lucke . 
  ah that makes more sense no doubt . 
  knowing that in norway there is n't the possibility of early elections if say venstre decided to not vote for the annual budget would the government be able to survive until the stipulated date of elections ? 
  apart from being a welcomed development for all democrats , bayrou asked for proportionality in legislative elections as one of his conditions . 
  if macron wins and manages to pass a new electoral law france will move from the current bipartisan politics , enabling small parties or currently unrepresented parties like fn a bigger role in parliamentary work . 
  one of the conditions would be the introduction of proportionality in french legislative elections ( currently a two rounds majoritarian system in a single member constituency ) . 
  [ reuters ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-france-election-idukkbn1610pu ) :  veteran french centrist francois bayrou said on wednesday he was offering an alliance with independent candidate emmanuel macron , a move that could give the former investment banker a much-needed boost to reach the runoff in may 's presidential election . 
   `` we are in an extremely risky situation , and to tackle this exceptional situation , i think we need an exceptional response , '' bayrou , a pro-eu politician who won about 9 percent of first round votes when he ran in the 2012 presidential vote . 
   `` i have decided to offer emmanuel macron an alliance . 
  the danger is too big we must change things , '' he said , describing his decision as a `` sacrifice . '', 
   bayrou 's support for macron pushed the euro up against the dollar eur = and french bond yields , which had risen because of fears of rising support for far-right candidate marine le pen , fell about 5 basis points . 
  fr10yt = tweb  bayrou said he would hold talks with macron in the coming hours and set several conditions for the alliance , although they are unlikely to deter macron 's camp . 
   the centrist had little chance of reaching the may 7 runoff between the top two contenders , given the 5-6 percent that pollsters expect him to win . 
   describing french democracy as under threat , he said that the conservatives under francois fillon were riddled with scandals and the socialists , who he backed in 2012 , were in disarray , a situation that could pave the way for the far-right . 
   `` what 's at stake with this alliance is to restore hope , '' bayrou said . 
  curious the left party is in favour , you 'd think they 'd be against the possibilty of less public services . 
  just after banning bad dreams and body odour . 
   the areas producing terrorists this an amusingly simple way of thinking . 
   but some communities are n't , and the state barely does anything , because the communities are ghetto-like . 
  that 's up to the state and the communities to deal with , not deport them . 
  they do n't have to be tolerant , the state simply must ensure that no one is oppressed due to its personal choices . 
  fanatical religious people can think whatever they want as long they do n't interfere with the rights of others . 
  i 'm all for women 's right , if a woman wants to wear a hijab or even a burqa ( even tough i find it abhorrent ) then she should be able to do it . 
  it 's as simples as this . 
  nice website . 
  if you click in each parliament it takes you to a 360\u00ba view inside the chamber . 
  not even public relations it 's well orchestrated propaganda . 
  it 's the price for shared sovereignty and an union that represents every state . 
  you do understand that all national parliament still have to ratify the agreement right ? 
  the assembl\u00e9e nationale can force the eu and canada back to the negotiating table . 
   people blame macron for running alone in that category but who 's there to fill that gap except for him ? 
  no one . 
  that plus the rest of the left is a bit too much leftist for me . 
  well i do n't expect the left to fill a niche for a center-right liberal . 
  that 's due to the immensely disproportional electoral system . 
  ukip is in the 13 % . 
  was expecting it to be about the progress party by far the most mainstream of national-populists . 
  i do n't see how this new position of the center party can be sustainable it 's not like the socdems will throw away their ideas of a pro-european stance or risk a deal with the incipient green party by shooting wolves . 
  of course that 's why i only mentioned western europe . 
  the tories sits with pis and other nationalist conservatives in euparl . 
  compared to the tories pretty much every main right wing party in western europe is lefty trash . 
  sorry but the troika consists of the imf , ecb and the commission . 
  the eu ( either via the council or the commission ) is at the center of every decision . 
   the ecb is independent and outside of the control of the member states . 
  on paper . 
  as pretty much all macroeconomy is inherently political the ecb acts in accordance to what the majority of rich countries allows it to do . 
  even the recent german dissatisfaction about qe is n't much more than a mild annoyance compared to what could be a real transeuropean central bank that benefits all members . 
  the ecb and the commission are the ones who are keen in heavy austerity , both of them have a clear political agenda . 
  for starters i do n't think anyone in the other bailed out countries like portugal would want yet another bailout . 
  we understand that greece is a different case , what we would want is to restructure our debt as it 's alos unbearable to achieve sustainable growth . 
  if greece gets a fair deal i suppose the rest of the southern countries will push for a unified and integrated eurozone proposal rather than a case by case cleanup . 
  i would n't consider portuguese imperial and colonial history as `` tolerant '' but of all the other powers we bought the myth of a multiracial luso-tropicalist nation .
