  bow down . 
  behind all those words you write , this is the simple message . 
  bow down or he will let refugees in . 
      well , balkan route is closed so he can fuck off . 
  and even before that , if you give in to demands of lunatics , they will only demand more and more and more . 
  this is how lunatics work . 
  and when you draw a line you either follow on it or you become a little bitch whose word means nothing . 
  and that is death of liberal democracies . 
  being a liberal democracy does not mean that you are a push-over . 
  i 'm not arguing to be permissive , i 'm talking about upholding those same values that apparently everyone is now so keen of not respecting ( freedom of assembly and freedom of speech ) . 
  it 's absolutely irrelevant if every single dutch party is for not having rallies with turkish ministers . 
   funny how in all your posts you are adamant that rule of law has been broken but failed to produce one law or international agreement that has been broken . 
  not surprised though since none was . 
  at the end of the day was erdogans ego . 
  and that is comforting . 
  i 'm yet to understand why ca n't turkish ministers have rallies in the netherlands ( even if they do break the law then it 's time to act but only after its broken ) . 
  the point of rule of law it 's that it 's not up to the government to politically decide . 
   did i say that ? 
  eu should try to go diplomatic path and if that fails , start with soft power ( sanctions ) to release unlawfully detained eu citizen from turkish prison . 
  screaming like an idiot like erdogan does solves nothing but makes you look like idiot . 
  as erdogan now learned hard way . 
  yeah that 's just gratuitous strong arming for little gain . 
  for fucks sake i completely despise erdogan and any other autocrat . 
  this is not a us versus them choice , it was the dutch gov that managed to make a huge shitshow of what it could be a despicable rally yes just to score cheap nationalistic points . 
  and by breaking the law that means having a rally yes ? 
  pure double standards to dutch citizens with turkish ancestry and citizenship . 
  they are free to wave the turkish flag , chant and attend rallies in turkish in a liberal state . 
  the same way macron was able to have a rally in london . 
   equal treatment . 
  there are 2 sides needed for that . 
  erdogan will not cooperate . 
  so why should we ? 
  it 's our fucking country . 
  not theirs . 
  because it 's your free , liberal values that are at risk . 
  not by erdogan but by blind nationalistic populism . 
  why did n't turkey 's fm land on rotterdam then ? 
  how is a public manifestation by the turkish minister more dangerous than let 's say groenlink 's 5 thousand rally ? 
  the dutch minister got told to get back to germany . 
  the police stopped them at the border . 
   after these threats our government decided you ca n't negotiate with dictators and decided to take a hard stance . 
  erdogan tried real hard to piss our government off , and it worked . 
  he also pissed of our entire population ( except the turks living here that support him ) . 
  it 's strange only now the dutch government decided to not negotiate with dictators . 
  strange timing right ? 
  it 's appalling the amount of permissiveness that one takes to a `` patriotic '' populist line of thinking . 
  in the end erdogan gets more excuses to end the eu-turkish refugee deal , and guess who wins ? 
  pvv and erdogan . 
   so far our government has done nothing illegal concerning international laws/treaties . 
  this is how diplomatic games are played . 
  and concerning pvv methods , remember that the pvv wants to ban the islam and make it a forbidden religion . 
  so yes , i still prefer the current solution . 
  it 's not a choice between either pvv or using populism to deny equal treatment . 
  a turkish minister was n't authorized to enter the netherlands purely due to political reasons . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
   it has been made absolutely clear to turkish government that they are not welcome to make political campaign in eu countries about their referendum because it always turns into shitshow that police of said countries must solve . 
  it was made absolutely clear . 
  and tk reaction has been `` you are all a fuckin nazis , we go wherever we fuckin want to '' . 
  it 's up to liberal democracies to take the high road and make sure everyone is equally treated . 
  denying it only gives arguments to those who can say `` see they are n't so democratic are they ? '' . 
  in the end it 's another chunk of wood to the brewing cauldron that is erdogan , if he wants he can let the refugees the eu is paying him to hold to resume the massive migrations to greece . 
   so , here is something that many forget . 
  unless you have dutch passport , you do not have any right to freely travel within netherlands . 
  you can only have permission to higher or lower degree , based on your past actions . 
  erdog and his cohorts decided to make a `` show of strenght '' and screamed they can go wherever they want , whenever they want . 
  they want to be little dictatorial cunts in turkey ? 
  fine , turkish problem . 
  not anywhere else though . 
  to deny entrance on the netherlands due to political reasons ( this stupid tit for that with akp ) is the erosion of the rule of law and normalizing populism . 
  erdogan and his friends decided a show of force , the netherlands did the same . 
  in the end who lost the most was dutch rule of law . 
   as for eu ngos , they were prohibited by turkish military to investigate reports of war crimes in se areas , eu journalist as we speak sits in turkish prison and german officials were denied request to meet their own soldiers in incirlik base . 
  in none of these events went any eu government 1 percent as apeshit as erdog went . 
  should the eu emulate erdogan 's turkey ? 
  would n't they ? 
  the perceived attack on dutch society ( holding the rallies ) is an automatic reaction on almost every voter . 
  left wing parties can even argue that this way they are defending democracy in the netherlands . 
  of course they agreed , elections is in 4 days . 
  rutte has the option of not choosing the populist course of action and try to defuse the situation . 
  what good is it in trying to block pvv for getting better number if in the end you use his methods ? 
  it 's more worrying how apparently it 's super legit to restrict the freedom of assembly of foreign dignitaries ( i do n't see why turkish referendum assemblies should be banned ) with immigrants and dutch citizens . 
  now this makes a great counterargument for semi-democratic and authoritarian countries for when western ambassadors , diplomatic missions or ngos try to investigate , participate in conferences or summits in those countries . 
  the way rutte managed to make this a politicized subject for the campaign is the true danger . 
  what a shitshow , a disgrace on the netherlands . 
  diplomatic imunity sacrificed to please populist talking point by rutte . 
  it 's not undemocratic nor it leads to a majoritarian two party system . 
  although i agree with not having an electoral threshold ( which you have - 0,67 % ) . 
  right amount of homoeroticism and catchy chorus !, 
   how is majoritarianism `` strong and effective '' but gives worse results ? 
  as in the cabinet having an ample majority ( due to the electoral system and everything around it ) which helps being able to be `` strong '' ( strong party discipline , a `` clear vision '' [ think cameron 's long term economic plan ] and rare coalitions [ libdem-tories are the exception ] ) and `` effective '' ( there 's not constitutional review in the westminster system , a codified constitution and few institutional pluralistic check and balances ) . 
   usually i think of effective as less resources to achieve the same goal . 
  i was referring to the benefits of majoritarian systems by those who defend it ( and if we put ourselves in their view it makes sense ) . 
  the arguments for majoritarianism used to be almost hegemonic in anglo-saxon in early political science ( from its infancy in the 19th century up to mid 20th century after the war ) , i think woodrow wilson was so enamoured by the westminster model he considered proposing it on the us . 
   how is the portuguese system portrayed in the book ? 
  the book analyzes 36 democracies from 1949 to 2010 so it only goes in depth in countries that are closer to the ideal types of consensus and majoritarian democracies as the author theorizes . 
  for westminster democracies ( majoritarian ) the author talks about the uk , new zealand and barbados ( currently the one that ticks the most boxes of majoritarianism ) ; for consensus the obvious unique swiss democracy , belgium ( before the current federal model but still heavily federal after 1993 ) and surprisingly the european union . 
  as portuguese i found curious how interest groups pluralism is much bigger than i supposed ( interest groups as in entities that can affect policy making ) compared to the rest of europe ( only other southern nations like france , spain , malta or greece are higher in europe ) . 
  the rest was in line with my perception of portugal . 
  ( centralized nation , a two parties and a half political scene , in the middle when talking about constitutional rigidity or its review ) . 
  so you were massively disingenuous when referring to `` the already present turks . '' .
