   merkel said saturday in her weekly podcast . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  if only here we could have a more personal connection with our representatives . 
   any possibilities germany could coopeate with the syrian government to detect forgeries ? 
  i 'm pretty sure assad 's gov has other priorities . 
  hahaha i hope you 're getting paid for this if not it 's sad . 
  so you 're using the whole putinbot guide ? 
  do n't worry soon someone will link the chicken meme . 
  since 2008 the greek economy shrunk about 25 % of their pre crisis gdp . 
  the latest agreement ( 3rd bailout i think ) still pushes greece to economic meltdown so things have n't been improving for them for a long time . 
  wtf ukraine ? 
  even we have a bigger gdp than a country of 45 million people ? 
  this comment with your username is just hilarious . 
  those 3 country 's are already full of refugees . 
  there 's a refugee for each 3 lebanese . 
  the reason why they 're leaving are the awful prospects of a normal life there and the bad conditions of the camps . 
  watch the ted interview with the former unchr commissioner . 
  yeah i 'm sure cyprus would be delighted to be eu 's concentration camp for migrants . 
  slow down jesus . 
  i meant that it was a user who thought it was inappropriate , there 's a thread in / r/europemeta . 
  nah it was a user . 
  turkish people, 
  it 's a great title , do n't listen to party poopers . 
  it 's our national tree . 
  you need a permit from the ministry of agriculture to cut one . 
  maybe he 's english ? 
  you already did , 
  quite common in portugal . 
  marinho e pinto is part of alde . 
  here 's a good example for a portuguese point of view . 
  that 's a lot of expensive words for such an incomprehensible sentence . 
  great answer !, 
  do know you any website where i can find the 1958 map ? 
  can someone explain me why there 's a border dispute with montenegro ? 
  i had the impression that it was well established back in yugo times . 
  well no as it enables lists who got more than 10 % to pass to the second round . 
  you might like it as you are natural to the region but to me as someone from the north the water is too `` hard '' . 
   in lisbon tap water is very good nahh , it 's too chalky . 
  i do n't even like tap water due to flavour but the difference between tap water from the north and the south is huge . 
  every country has the need to justify it 's existence , often using historical and mythical personalities . 
  here in portugal we have viriatus , in macedonia alexander the great , germany arminius ... 
   his contributions are n't talk about it in the country nearly as they should . 
  what ? 
  he 's one of the 4 historical personalities in rua augusta arch , next to viriatus , marquis of pombal or vasco da gama . 
  he 's one of the most well known portuguese prior to the discoveries . 
  i 've been thinking about doing that with both my grandparents . 
  preserving dialects , local expressions and stories is a very noble endeavour . 
  presidente del consejo de ministros , president of the minister 's council . 
  in romance languages the falklands are malvinas , easily confused with the maldives , maldivas . 
  for some time i kept thinking that the falklands and the maldives were the same archipelago . 
  europe called for austerity in all areas and greece obliged , the result is here . 
   they dont want to give rajednica to serbia is that really going to happen ? 
  by rajednica you mean the serbian northern municipalities ? 
  only the catalan and the basque are serious . 
  in the rest the independece movement turned in an autonomist party most of the times . 
  the palace of ajuda took its place as the royal residence . 
  the us is n't part of the commonwealth, 
  realpolitik at it 's best, 
   i will add however that 99 % of soccer fans are fine , it 's the people on the fringes that ruin it for every one else . 
  jeez i would n't be so sure . 
  it is known that when you 're a soccer fan you 're more likely to commit a crime than say a guy who doesnt like sports or tenis ( a true peaceful sport ) . 
  it 's soccer culture that 's wrong not the fringe extremists . 
   i like when society polices itself . 
  are you nuts ? 
   migrants come by boats and they ca n't do too much about it ( or they 'll get fined ) . 
  germany and westerners on the other hand keep making it worse by giving incentives . 
  contrary to the eastern european mindset most of the population in southern europe is n't against receiving refugees . 
  this whole thing started once syriza let anyone move thru greece . 
  we just need to share the burden between the european member states and not decide to block the process . 
  what if `` democratic process '' in portugal decides that they do n't want the base anymore ? 
  foreign affairs and defense are usually things that do n't change much . 
  ah i see it . 
   and this year also marked the first time in the 60 year history of the eu when nations were outvoted on a serious issue of sovereignty . 
  really ? 
  i remember the proposal getting a majority with only 4 countrys not accepting it . 
  grrr , those darn western europeans and their refugees concerns * * shakes fist * * / s, 
   `` we are speaking in warsaw . 
  warsaw was destroyed by the germans , '' blaszczak said . 
  `` i think that mr. martin schulz would not formulate such statements in relation to israel . 
  it also shows our position in the international arena , our weak position in the world arena . '', 
  ironically mister blaszczak used the same card as israel whenever something doesnt go to their liking . 
  it 's a very good theory but you ca n't prove nothing in non factual sciencies . 
  i agree with the article however is dishonest to uphold it as the sole truth . 
  yay soviestii ? 
   cover is mocking people like you really ? 
  in a magazine known for its far left sympathy ? 
   but why keep the boarders open to people from the same cultural background who have proven to hardly integrate ? 
  humanitarian reasons and it 's not proven that people from muslim countries ca n't integrate . 
  there are huge problems but it 's not due solely to cultural background . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to understand why they didnt went there . 
  all of them are sons of immigrants not immigrants themselves . 
   if they 're doing it in australia it 's certainly going to happen in portugal . 
  it has already happened . 
  three gorges has the biggest stake in edp , the biggest electric company ; state grid got 25 % of our national electrical grid ; a investment bank formerly owned by bes was bought by haitong ; the biggest insurance company fidelidade bought by fosun , then the 2nd biggest private medical group . 
   portugal is willing to expand military exchanges with china in such areas as young military officers training and international peacekeeping , particularly in portuguese-speaking african countries , pina monteiro said . 
  when the us base in the azores was at risking of closing the military said they would be open to negociate with other countries a possible foreign base in lages . 
  a downsizing will still happen but apparently the us senate is studying the possibility of installing one of their spy bases there . 
  due to joint pressure by the portuguese state , portuguese descendant senators and the threat of a russian or chinese base in their doorstep . 
  the refugees are coming here to escape the war not to get training and have a european bay of the pigs . 
   leveling raqqa might just work lol and bomb thousands of innocent people in the process ?
