  so putin is the general secretary of cpsu ? 
  are the russian oligarcs the state administradors of national companies ? 
  if we get cynical we can argue that seeing that the eastern contries dont give a crap about the refugee crisis or they mostly follow the german regarding the treatment of the southern states then you really shouldnt be surprised . 
  we even send f16 to protect the baltic airspace while the eastern bloc throws hissy fits about humanitarian actions . 
  i suppose we rather continue trading with russia than the constant rambling of the eastern states . 
  sure keep with the condesceding tone like a stupid pole then . 
  if you 're too thick to understand the problems i listed the i suppose you just didnt recieve the proper education from your mamma . 
  that depends on the culture of the community not so much on the nationality . 
  emigrant communities cling on customs that are considered antiquated . 
  the portuguese communities of california or new england are a world apart . 
  all of those examples are super sad . 
  ca n't you just fuck in a friend 's house or your own when your family is out ? 
  do n't you understand that students in the netherlands have it much easier than the rest ? 
  you have a number of set policies to make sure everyone can go to university . 
  here there are limited state scholarships and that 's it . 
  the realities are obviously not comparable . 
  once you 're established in life with a stable job it 's much easier to pay monthly a tiny part of the loan . 
  this is much easier than not having any sort of help at the start . 
  but each student is obviously not in charge in maintaining such nation and benefits . 
  in fact you use them . 
  you 're just delusional if you think a poor student in greece has it be better than any student in denmark . 
   but go ahead and call us lazy . 
  we 'll see how that goes . 
  i did n't say that . 
  even moving from cities is a big financial burden , going to university ( even if it 's free the cost of living will be enormous ) to another country requires money , burocracy and more importantly mental capacity to be able to live in other country and not get sidetracked . 
  about jobs , in europe a foreigner is disadvantaged in job searching . 
  you need a proficiency in the local language , apply for a working visa ( your academic usually does n't allow working ) and a bunch of cultural baggage in order to compete with natives . 
  lol so going to university while getting payed by the state is the difficult path ? 
  how the hell can you be so delusional ? 
   yes if your parents live close to the university you do n't need to move . 
      but over here you want to move , you choose a city that 's not that close to your parents . 
  you pick a nice city with lots of other students . 
  wanting and being able to afford it are very different things . 
  what aggressive slogans ? 
  we dont even have a serious far right and for the far left the things that mrpp say is more of a joke than a threat . 
  our manifestations are remarkable in the sense that they 're almost all peaceful . 
  unions , associations and the police work togheader to ensure things go smoothly . 
  how dare people be emotional about the fucking fascist dictator . 
   and people still say nato is n't provocation :  nato was formed to defend the rest of europe not occupied by the soviet union . 
  it could only be interpreted as an provocation to those who think that countries should n't make their own choices . 
  why is this song linked to the supposed european culture ? 
  even military marches were invented in turkey . 
  and so what if the church has influence in some people ? 
  in the end people can quit if they dont like , its not a cult . 
  if you go that rabbit hole you endorse a totalitarian state that makes choices for all citizens . 
  what fn proposes isnt secularism , is an even more extreme version of laicit\u00e9 . 
  clearly an attack on all french that dont follow cristianism or atheism . 
  being more moderate of the extreme right is still extreme right . 
  dont fall for the easy victim blaming or cheap ethnopopulism . 
  are you one of those stupid people who does n't even know the history of modern day greece ? 
  then again you might not be much of a leftist . 
  supporting state sanctioned clothing or a deeply nationalistic ( and xenophobic ) party puts you in the far-right camp , whether you support leftist economic policies or not . 
  the opposite of the marxist wave that meant to create ugly cities representing `` the working classes '' , and openly opposed the very notion of beautiful or ornament architecture as `` burgeois '' . 
  which simply happens to create a correlation that does n't exist previously - for once in history the architecture of a disgusting ideology resembles it . 
  each school of architecture desires a better , prettier and a nicer place to live . 
  even socialist plattenbaus were in line with western thinking . 
  see le corbusier 's plan for paris or the grand avenues of east berlin . 
  i could even not have socialist leanings that my point would be valid . 
  heck i 'm a fan of some totalitarian and fascist architecture like stalinism , italian fascist or portuguese new style . 
  you should n't base all architecture on the personality of its masterminds nor on the ideology . 
  this can apply to art in general . 
  lol what about classical or romanesque architecture ? 
  is it shit because it came from fundamentalist societies ? 
  in your opinion . 
  it 's one of the best examples of stalinist architecture . 
  so you saw picture of all houndreds of persons in the camp ? 
  why would they go switzerland ? 
  they should just finally become a federal state . 
  the bikini ban is stupid because it goes to the core values of france , you know that stuff like freedom to wear what you want and freedom of religion . 
  what a nightmare . 
  the nobel peace prize should 've gone to the people of lesbos and the coast guards . 
  he intentionally changed from yannis to yanis for some reason . 
  uhm why the heck did comunidad de madrid end up with such a considerable part of sistema central ? 
  it 's the same with commieblocks in eastern europe . 
   these people ... had no civilisation or anything , so we gave them civilisation but this way not free . 
  good lord you 're a cerro de potos\u00ed of badhistory . 
  and you think we did n't genocide the indians in brazil ? 
  [ brutalism ] ( http://weirdrussia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/frederic-chaubin-cybernetics-intitute-saint-petersbourg-1987-806x1024.jpg ) [ is ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/geisel-library.jpg ) [ fucking ] ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/02/4e/22/aa/barbican-centre-canals.jpg ) [ cool ] ( https://i0.bookcdn.com/data/photos/originalphoto/2239/223922/223922711/hilton-san-francisco-financial-district-photos-exterior.jpeg ) . 
  it 's so tacky that it 's kinda cool . 
  yeah how dares he speaking another language right ? 
  to some people ( like prince charles ) all architecture since the inception of the modernist movement is shit . 
  to them we should be only building like in classical terms . 
  movements like brutalism or post modernism are widely disliked . 
  oh in that aspect i 'm totally with you , but it still was a german led operation to continue with the charade of the subsequent greek bailout . 
  as i undestand almost all voter of \u00dasvit went to the new spo-spd . 
  why did they split ? 
  not here personally but it 's obvious that the draconian austerity measures did n't help apart from the financial aspect . 
  razing a country 's economy and society has consequences in other essential areas . 
  so did you went back to australia ? 
   bullshit , gays are fine here . 
  we have gay clubs etc like everywhere else , and i 've never heard of any gays here being scared to be themselves that 's not a big achievement , saint petersburg has a notorious gay community with clubs and i would go so far as saying that 's it 's not nice to be gay in russia . 
  mate you really should n't expose yourself like that on reddit . 
  where ? 
  in western europe almost every so called socialist party does not defend it . 
  if you 're referring to small left wing parties you might be right tought . 
  they obviously did n't had the funds for doing so . 
  when their people are dying in hospital beds with a shortage of medicine or a record number of tuberculosis cases they 'll probably axe other governemental programmes too . 
  like in the party . 
  they might be one of the few liberal parties that live up to the name . 
  it was usual to the time , it happened to the jews and christians in iberia .
