  yeah it 's much better to reply with / pol / memes . 
  yeah that 's why it 's healthy to spend large amount of times skimming through breibart , bild , daily mail or rt. 
  ^ ^ s i 'm sick of this paranoia of becoming the `` golden mean '' by listening to what crazies of all political spectrums have to say . 
  r/christianity is full of nutjobs and people like the pope are very much against the subs consensus . 
  vienna convention on diplomatic relations  article 37 . 
  the family members of a diplomat that are living in the host country enjoy most of the same protections as the diplomats themselves . 
  they are covered by diplomatic immunity , although the portuguese foreign affairs minister will ask for lifting it . 
  so if i go surfing with a fullbody suit i can get arrested ? 
  yeah like jews in 1930s germany , afterall they could go away . 
  but what about [ liberty guiding the people ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4zc8zb/la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple_by_eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix/ ), 
  you know you can do it freely in from morocoo to tunisia , turkey , lebanon or the uae , right ? 
  i bet you can . 
   edit : also lol , have fun trying to convince poles that poland should be part of some huge union again . 
  gosh do you even know that poland voted to get in the eu ? 
  yes men are the real victims in genderbased violence against women , it 's not like it 's a completely different scope of the problem between women being the victims and men being the victims . 
  it 's great worrying about abuse against men , recently society has been shedding more light in that specific problem but i do n't think this is the thread to argue for it . 
  / r/menslib is great in that regard if you 're interested . 
  it 's amazing how you ca n't discuss women related problems in reddit without someone crying about men . 
  lol as if the majority of americans would vote for the self descrived socialist . 
  clinton benefits for having centrist policies , getting even tradicional conservative vote in states like texas or north carolina . 
  how is it a mockery ? 
  how do you think lobbyists , ngos and numerous organizations try to influence policy making ? 
  this sort of binder is the minimal for a ngo like this one that tries to fight for progressiveness and democracy  a very vivid example , from my own country - slovenia , would be turkey joining eu . 
  people are not in favor , but his ngo-s are , so what should a politician do ? 
  so you want politicians to not hear the civil society ? 
  you know this is all legal and within what we call the state of law , right ? 
   p.s. 
  : would you be ok with a list of most reliable pro-german portuguese politicians ? 
  would you vote for them ? 
  is is self evident to you that interests of your county and germany overlap completely ? 
  i 'd be very surprised if the german gov or any organization linked to german interest did n't have such information . 
  my vote depends on the actions and ideology of the meps , if i agree with them or not . 
  so what 's special about this ? 
  most of the recent wave of eastern european gypsies who end up `` working '' for gangs are romanian so it sticks . 
  i do n't believe people in western europe care if they come from slovakia , hungary or bulgaria . 
  the fact is that almost no nation in europe wants to help so only a handful of countries ( germany , sweden ... ) acts . 
  when this whole crisis began noone cared so why would they care now ? 
  it 's easier to act in the inevitable ( the stranded migrants in greece and italy ) than actively trying to bring refugees from the camps . 
  yeah so much that nauru has become an open air concentration camp . 
  well not the expected `` organize a coup '' that some people imply . 
  it 's actaully a level headed message in order to stabilize the situation . 
  no a chance . 
  this is only happening now that portugal and italy have a socialist prime minister . 
  rajoy wont break off of the northern consensus like passos coelho didnt . 
  cmon lets be real . 
  even tough our media likes to boast about portugueses investigation we 're not in the front peloton . 
  for example in cancer research trials were light years from countries with our pop or economy like belgium or even poland . 
  regarding ireland , they are very connected and close to the european core while were stuck here in a corner of the continent . 
  theres the european drug agency in santos right next to terreiro do pa\u00e7o and the maritime safety next door . 
  mrpp and pcp were more worried about each others than the resto of the right . 
  nah even portas is more liked than him . 
  not in the pharma sector . 
  ireland is on the big boys league while we cheer the fact that we have a drug approved by the fda . 
  we already have 2 european agencies while some of the newer members have none . 
  it would be nice but in the end we are too peripheral , dont have susbtantial industry in the area and little political power . 
  its like as if the majority of the elected officials are there due to popular voting . 
  as long he has a majority in the ep he 's not going anywhere . 
  actually its red, 
  what about the fn ? 
  still in a trumpesque `` solution '' to muslims ? 
  spain as we know it today only appeard in 1715 in a process resembling the act of union of the united kingdom . 
  until then it was castille , navarra and aragon each a kingdom sharing the king . 
  as far as i remember the centralization process is older than this formal union , one of the big pushes for portuguese independence from castille was the constant intermingling of portuguese and castillian policy , like raising taxes in portugal for the 40 year wars or the increasing push for handling portuguese policy in madrid by the count of olivares . 
  i agree that a very significant part of catalans aim for independence but as we could see in the last elections for the regional gov only 47 % voted for independist parties . 
  catalonia was part of aragon along with numerous other `` kingdoms '' like valencia , sicily or naples . 
  you ca n't equate a middle age 's composite kingdom with a smaller region . 
   a return by european institutions to their roots . 
  `` we believe that the european council should have an important role . 
  it must be a balancing between the parliament , the commission and the european council . 
  we want the european council to be able to set the tone of the discussion about the future of the eu that we will be holding in europe , '' he stressed . 
  good grief as if we need more state power instead of empowering the european parliament to effectively work as a parliament . 
  probably the green european party . 
  liberals and centrists . 
  yes but stances does n't go much further than trade sanctions or strongly worded letters . 
  as we can see with russia , while the baltics and poland demand inflexibility on sanctions countries like hungary , italy or greece favour reviewing them . 
  in matters of great national differences like foreign affairs or defence the eu ca n't speak in a single unified voice . 
  plus nato already occupies the military niche for those who want it while some members ( austria and ireland ) pride themselves in being neutral . 
  i am and at the same time i 'm a european federalist . 
  it 's much better to have nato than be dragged to a europroject that if ends up as frontex will be inefficient . 
  why ? 
  is it linked to the gullen movement ? 
  the governments are voted by the people , so indirectly there is consent . 
  if you do n't like representative democracy try to push for more referendums . 
  still trump 's voterbase is even smaller than romney 's base . 
  trying to please the angry white base limits you to only that segment of the population , the minorities ( even cubans known for being republican ) wo n't vote for someone who openly despises them . 
  do n't come up with whataboutism , you know very well why the eu decided to impose sanction on russia . 
  unlike the brexit voting the demographics are not very favourable to trump . 
  yeah i 'm sure russia is supe worried about the uk or france when noone of them ca n't even coordenate a unified front against them in petty sanctions . 
   and why should we be in an alliance with the us ? 
  who 's to even say we 'll be allies after this year if trump is elected ? 
  yeah but trump wo n't get elected . 
  i 'm more worried about le pen or the other populists taking charge than mr.carrothead . 
   why should we have imperialistic us troops in europe at all ? 
  they are here with the consent of national governments , especially in eastern europe . 
  nato will probably outlive the eu if european populists rise to significant power . 
  the us are not going anywhere while the eu will more probably delve itself in isolationism and nationalism if nothing changes . 
  the usa . 
  without them the alliance is a joke , britain and france could n't even bomb libya on their own . 
  why would a copy of nato exist without the original 's selling point ?
