  there 's not a common nation , the eu was created precisely to overcome nationalism and so far its actions are n't in line with nationalism . 
  maybe you consider youself a eu patriot but the feeling is continues to be quite dissonant . 
  to frankfurt ? 
  well a lot of people also consider themselves jesus reincarnated . 
  politically there are n't eu nationalists for obvious reasons . 
  picturing a pale russian speaking crioulo is amazing . 
  do you plan to go back once uni finishes ? 
  how do you handle the sun ? 
  can you speak crioulo or portuguese ? 
  cabo verde is a curious expat destination . 
  it 's an anti semitic `` discovery '', 
  you were aware of what happened about 5 years ago in the middle east ? 
  not really but one ca n't expect russian propaganda to be informative . 
  it 's another pompous verbose comment in something he knows next to nothing . 
  such is the life of reddit 's experts and opinion makers . 
  i suppose those getting tortured and bombed with barrel bombs will be more comprehensive once they know the difference . 
  do you expect this armchair politician to think about pesky things like the opinion of the population ? 
  i have a similar feeling regarding the third quarter of the 20th century . 
  in national terms the liberation and development only began 30 years after wwii . 
  the rest of western europe ( except spain and greece for a short period of time ) managed to use the glorious thirty to form the framework we now live in . 
  the welfare state , cultural breakthroughs and various social revolutions . 
  nah it had more to deal with kids waking up before the sunrise and having the first classes at night . 
  other side effects were increased consumption of stress pills and reduced productivity . 
  i 've checked the sources and the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/time_in_portugal ) on time in portugal gives a nice overview . 
  the other factors are n't related but the meme keeps on giving . 
  few people give a damn about euparl but knowing how the low turnout benefits protest voters at least with a different attitude maybe the social democrats try to slow its erosion at the national level . 
  there wont be any coalition instead a case by case agreement . 
  we can expect sd to stand its ground in certain areas with the rest of the lefts ( especially the greens ) . 
  imo finally we see a movement to distinguish the center left from the center right . 
  its this or pasokification . 
  ok now you 're stepping in the realm of stupidity . 
  we briefly changed in 1992 but 4 years later we changed back , it was n't made for us ( kids had worse results at school ) . 
  it 's only logical for spain to get gmt , the meridian goes through the eastern coast . 
  supposing you 've a lot of money and follow the usual ideological view of the world that your socio-economic class then to you the welfare state is an obstacle to a more `` efficient '' and `` freer '' market . 
  state intervention messes up with theories of ideal economic liberalism . 
  yeah too much of american style `` safety nets '' . 
  that 's what the welfare state is , unless you have been reading too much of austrian economics to somehow even distort the meaning of the concept . 
  if you say so . 
  i bet those low income earners would be having a grand time without a safety net . 
  it 's just action for action 's sake , do n't mind his illiberal `` liberalism '' . 
  it 's sad if you 're rich . 
  to be fair in eastern europe few are the soc-dems parties that live up to its supposed ideology . 
  gee i wouldnt be able to live in such climate even with positive celsius temperatures i need 3 layers and a jacket , pantyhoses and thick socks . 
  how much layers of clothes do you usually use ? 
  just the latvians like the nazis planned . 
  i think most people do n't use any names as it 's perceived as a bit ill mannered . 
  only saying `` teacher '' is the most common . 
  regarding names we usually use the surname as again using the first name is not appropriate . 
  we already have black europeans for quite a while . 
  for at least half a millennium . 
  so what was your journey ? 
  leftist to more conservative ? 
  it 's nice how in countries with large lots of romanian immigrants municipalities and other public institutions allow for elections . 
  noice survey , let 's see how many replies you guys get . 
  you also have cod for christmas eve ? 
  do you also salt it ? 
  what does that have to do with this subject ? 
  do you think athenians or spartans had more freedom of speech than people living in the persian empire ? 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6_tajiaf1u ) an interview with the main architect about the building . 
  it 's right above a metro station so they had to be careful . 
  all of europe should get support groups like this . 
  unfortunately the trend is for more fascist terrorism in both sides of the atlantic ( [ here 's ] ( https://twitter.com/shaunking/status/807295020105547776 ) an example ) due to the normalization of right-wing demagogic phenomenons . 
  he 's talking about the first french invasion , years after the war of the oranges . 
  it 's a big essay that touches a lot of pertinent points . 
  would 've preferred another article on how everyone who votes for right-wing populists are the `` true working classes '' or anther spiel on the theme ? 
  it 's safe to say that moldova is a third world developing country . 
  the left is already on it . 
  the greens have a fiscal whistleblower section in their website 's page . 
  perception is n't reality . 
  why the heck do you even come to r/europe ? 
   breitbart news is taking the business of outrage to europe business and finance | 2 hours 6 mins ago  a notable american commentator , charles krauthammer , once explained rupert murdoch 's success in founding fox news , a cable channel , by pointing out that he had found a niche market -- half the country . 
  the same may be true of breitbart news , a conservative website whose fortunes have risen with those of donald trump , and whose chairman , stephen bannon ( pictured ) is mr trump 's chief strategist . 
   milo yiannopoulos , an editor at breitbart , explained after mr trump 's victory that half of voters are `` repulsed by the lena dunham , black lives matter , third-wave feminist , communist , ` kill-all-white-men ' politics of the progressive left . '' breitbart saw it coming a while ago , he added . 
  the company 's expansion plans suggest it sees something coming in europe , too . 
  it already has a website in britain and in january it will launch french and german sites . 
   founded by andrew breitbart , the site is just nine years old . 
  its formula -- outraging and fascinating readers with `` clickbait '' , occasional fake news , polemics and attacks on mainstream media -- has taken off . 
  ten days after the election it said it had received 45m unique visitors in 31 days -- modest compared with mainstream outlets . 
  but its profile is rising rapidly on social media . 
  in some time periods -- for example , between may 13th and june 13th this year -- it has boasted the highest number of social-media interactions for political content in english , beating established outlets like cnn , the guardian and the wall street journal . 
  during that time its closest rival , the liberal huffington post , lagged by nearly 2m clicks and shares . 
   so far the company 's political achievements have been more transparent than its commercial ones . 
  breitbart refuses to release revenue figures , although pundits suspect that its advertising streams are not big enough to sustain its current operations in america and britain . 
  it is financed by private backers , notably robert mercer , a hedge-fund billionaire and a big donor to mr trump 's campaign , who reportedly invested $ 10m in the site a few years ago . 
  yet compared with traditional media , its overheads are small : a few opinionated journalists , some interns and lots of readers who fill up the comments page at no extra cost . 
   breitbart 's ad revenues , such as they are , could prove volatile . 
  its content is frequently toxic : its comment section is a platform for members of far-right hate groups to rail against immigration and jews . 
  on november 29th kellogg 's , an american maker of breakfast cereal , announced it was pulling its ads from the site . 
  it only realised they were appearing on breitbart when consumers complained ; much online advertising is automated , and companies rely on third-party systems , such as google 's adsense , to place ads by partnering with sites . 
   kellogg 's is not alone . 
  allstate , an insurance firm , warby parker , which sells spectacles , earthlink , an internet provider , and sofi , a fintech company , have all blacklisted breitbart . 
  appnexus , a digital ad-management company , has blocked breitbart after it concluded that the site violates the network 's ban on hate speech . 
   as breitbart 's reach climbs , however , many firms will feel torn . 
  the site has said that the departure of kellogg 's will not harm it financially . 
  ( indeed , the cereal maker 's share price has fallen since the site began urging consumers to `` #dumpkelloggs '' . ), 
  many advertisers , such as nissan , a japanese carmaker , have opted to stay . 
   conquering the continent the push deeper into europe may seem an oddly international approach for a brand that scorns the ideals of a global order . 
  yet breitbart has a clear operational model : moving into markets where it can win an audience by appealing to anti-globalisation and anti-immigrant sentiment and by aligning itself with an existing opposition party . 
  a connection to a political entity lends the site credibility and also allows breitbart to draw fragmented online communities together into an organised platform , says angelo carusone of media matters for america , an outfit that monitors conservative media in washington , dc . 
   in britain , where it launched in 2014 , breitbart loudly promoted the uk independence party 's ( ukip ) campaign to leave the european union .
