   `` oh , our bad , we will completely drop it now , teehee , silly us '' . 
  of course it was n't like that . 
  its a very secretive party so it 's difficult for outsiders to know what happens in the central committee ( even more with democratic centralism ) . 
  i mean if there 's a party that defends the constitution above anything is pcp . 
   the pcp literally are communists . 
  it 's in their name and in their programme but their programme is n't communist . 
  they even take positions of defending small businesses or a mixed economy . 
  sure the orthodox marxist-leninist stuff is there but if you look at their practical programme you understand that since the failed coup of 25th november pcp is a reformist socialist party . 
  we can even see the same with bloco when they even describe themselves as the `` true '' social democrats compared to ps . 
  actually what syriza proposed in january elections of 2015 was a quite moderate plan akin to what social democrats used to advocate in its heydays before the third way . 
  that such proposals are now looked as extremist communism only shows how the european ideological scale has shifted immensely to the right . 
  not that any of this will make you reconsider the leftist agenda , it 's much easier to say they 're all commies coming to take your toothbrush . 
  if you think pcp is extremist then take a look at their work in municipalities . 
  even the concept of `` frenchness '' is one of the best examples of a built identity . 
  you do n't have corsicans or french basques thinking of themselves as french had not the state created a mythology . 
  eh `` tokenism '' only matters to give a semblance of normality . 
  our southern coast is like that . 
  the rest is n't the common beach holiday type . 
  it 's annoying how britons cant even post interesting links without a stupid straw man attack . 
  things are not great in euroland . 
  eh i was arguing that it 's not insignificant either in foreign affairs . 
  but i agree that english is the inevitable linguistic hegemon . 
  not really . 
  in various international agencies and institutions french is a working language along with english . 
  in geneva , brussels or paris it 's the essential language . 
  and there 's also the fact that it used to be the lingua franca of diplomacy until recently . 
  * sshhh * dude do n't you know that nuclear power ^ tm is perfect and only stupid people are against it ? 
  i completely agree with you . 
  the fixation of new atheism only clearly shows how one does n't need to be religious to be intolerant . 
  there 's that continuum of agnosticism to anti-deism atheism . 
  ehh not quite . 
  galicia and castilla-le\u00f3n overperformed if we simply look at gdp per capita . 
  so how did they approached the privatization of factories , supermarkets and other enterprises ? 
  then it 's you who have a conservative view on western center-right principles . 
  eh i would n't single out eastern europeans , most of propagandists are flairless . 
  and they mostly focus on the `` hot '' topic of the moment , usually something related to migrants and the `` cultural suicide '' of western europe . 
  the modern history of greece is one of debts , bankruptcies and coups . 
  they even had to get indebted and a foreign king to achieve independence . 
  i love how you have the need to continue with this just to look like the big boy . 
  ping, 
  to gulag . 
  of course i must abide to their line of thinking otherwise i 'm being a anti-intelectual bigot blinded by my political radicalism ^ tm . 
  it 's tiring making everyone vote in a candidate , i guess i 'll ask george soros for time off after my shift at ctr ends . 
   your type of intellectual bigotry and blind arrogance is among the worst things on earth at the moment . 
  regardless which political spectrum it manifests itself in . 
  the above sentence you wrote is the epitomy of blind conviction vs rational argumentation . 
  people convinced they do n't even have to prove what they believe in . 
  yes this is why trump/brexit/pis / fn/afd/putin / gayhomosexmuslimagenda happened . 
  cheers !, 
  there 's no point in arguing with someone who does n't even recognizes the inherent institutional racism in the us . 
   how old are you ? 
  suppose i must be a toddler . 
   institutionalized oppression '' in the us is complete bs . 
  ahahaha good joke mate . 
  next thing you 'll tell how all humans treat each others in the same way . 
  but ethnicity is n't even a significant concept to use in inter state relations . 
  in all the examples i gave there are quite clear majorities in retaining their independence . 
  in terms of nationality they are all different . 
  do you share the same belief about austria and germany ? 
  montenegro and serbia ? 
  albania and kosovo ? 
  then again you ca n't use a handful of high ranking officials to deny there can be problems with minorities . 
  try the same line of thinking with obama and african-americans . 
  that 's all you need for demagoguery and emotion led politics . 
  how does that invalidate what i just said ? 
  anyway about 3 months ago der spiegel made a nice article about the timeline of the critical moment : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-look-back-at-the-refugee-crisis-one-year-later-a-1107986.html . 
  she only dropped the dublin process when the migrants were going to austrian from budapest . 
  you do understand that closing the borders would be catastrophic , right ? 
  the economy and the society has to keep moving , i doubt the attacker will be caught at a border stop if the police do n't know who he is or how does he look like . 
  and you believe the car would n't use `` internet of things '' to upgrade with the mother ship ? 
  that 's the end of privacy , imagine hackers stealing your biometric data from the car manufacturer 's servers . 
  eta and other nationalistic terrorist groups . 
  that 's not logistically possible , in fact it was the failure of that system that propped the migration crisis . 
  when they were in the camps and the unhcr broke no one gave a shit about the refugees with inhumane conditions scattered around the middle east . 
  now we can only be more effective with the current system while trying to create conditions for the return of the refugees ( not that i 'm very hopeful though ) . 
  are mongol armies a non state actor then ? 
  where do you think they got the resources or the soldiers ? 
   you are . 
  moving slightly to the right does not make you far right . 
  its francois fillion vs le pen . 
  they are not the same . 
  they 're closer in many aspects than for example fillon jupp\u00e9 . 
   i totally agree that dropping the schengen would be bad . 
  i do n't agree with our outer border . 
  they are horribly unenforced and italy is still getting thousands of people on their borders . 
  what do you propose on the external border ? 
  shooting the boats ? 
  it 's the only option to not help the migrants , if you 're willing to go that path maybe you 're not so `` moderate '' . 
   we do have a de facto open border policy when everyone who crosses the european border have the right for an asylum application which essentially means free housing for at least 6 months , probably more . 
  nope , they get processed and assigned to shelters . 
  that 's not a free border nor does it apply to every migrant . 
  but i suppose level headed thinking is n't the most common right now . 
   adjusting their principles . 
  if i adjust my beliefs to those of the far-right then i 'm no different from them . 
   i really do n't see how belief in human rights dictates an open border policy to massive human migrations . 
  we do n't have open borders regarding migrants anymore . 
  dropping schengen because of small attacks is counterproductive if there are n't clear dangers from it . 
   also you 're portuguese you probably have n't seen how badly integration of muslims in europe is doing . 
  oh i know i had the unfortunate experience of visiting some part of san-denis and other less positive experiences . 
  the results of the integration are not only in those who live there .
