  ranking candidates is much easier than individually assess a score for all candidates . 
  what the fuck ? 
  me a reactionary ? 
  you 're even using marxist leninist language to those who do n't follow your crazy conception of democracy . 
  yes . 
  i just do n't see the practical advantages of score voting compared to stv , i get that mathematically it 's more precise but that 's not enough to adopt it when stv is simpler and fulfills the need for preferences . 
  what happened to the discussion around the electoral system ? 
  is pd still insisting in a mutant mixed system ? 
  care to explain ? 
  what is the `` correct '' design for a library ? 
  a dull neoclassical fa\u00e7ade ? 
  they can but it 's unnecessarily complicated when compared to stv . 
  from my experience with people giving scores to things like imdb ratings most people do n't use the full potential of the scale , it 's better to let them order than to assign arbitrary scores . 
  and let 's not forget that scores voting is a nominal electoral system , in most countries rarely individual candidates are on the ballot . 
  i want the judiciary to be independent and free of political intromission , if you think that 's authoritarian then you should check a psychiatrist . 
  and in poland and other warsaw pact `` democracies '' there were more than 1 party that in fact were merely potemkin villages for the naive like you . 
  my god are you actually doing the apologia of the `` people 's '' democracy as it happened in poland and hungary ? 
  are you trolling or are you using communist arguments for establishing a state under the people 's guidance on purpose ? 
  man you drank the authoritarian populist kool aid . 
  lol that new constitution was an attack on the rule of law and judiciary independence . 
  i do support democracy , more specifically liberal democracy the kind that `` illiberal '' strong men like orban do n't . 
  in a democratic and modern country democracy is n't just voting it 's the legal checks and balances safeguarded by the constitution as we 're seeing pis trying to deconstruct . 
  either you falled for their cunning pr lingo or you have to be more honest about that great defender of `` judeo-christian values '' . 
  those concepts are irrelevant for the majority of world democracies where there are n't unfair single member constituencies . 
  and the simplicity of the electoral system and the ballot are factors to take in when one considers different pros and cons of the various ways to elect representatives . 
  he managed to change the constitution in 2012 , the eu if anything did n't do its part in safe guarding eu fundamental values . 
  i ca n't understand how one would put the `` blame '' of orban becoming an increasingly authoritarian populist in the eu . 
  it was n't juncker that decided to build a sports complex in orbans hometown . 
  then again it 's countries like italy , greece or hungary that support not imposing new sanctions . 
  it 's not an evil wish by germany . 
  since 2012 orban has been more and more to the right , the refugee crisis just gave him an excuse to continue the trend . 
  the big problem in poland is the magnitude of electoral circles that create effective electoral thresholds . 
  the coalition threshold is also unhelpful for minority parties allying . 
  and who the the fuck legitimately thinks there will be a global government in the next 100 years ? 
  wow what a surprise . 
  here i was thinking economic superpowers like portugal or greece had one of the best gini coefficients in all of europe . 
  it 's not like southern europe has been dragging since the early 1800s . 
  i 'm brainwashed in human rights and ir . 
  help me , throw me some 2h youtube propaganda `` documentaries '' . 
  human rights and national obligations are n't based on simplistic notions of `` fairness '' . 
  tunisia has the rights to be against italy deciding to turn tunisia in their preferred migrant dumping spot . 
  and cheers to echr !, 
  when was italy fined ? 
  and if they were purposely breaking human rights sure they deserve fines . 
  yeah that 's the one . 
  not the ones advocating colonialism , shooting migrants or cheering neonazis flotillas in the mediterranean . 
  20th century gunboat `` diplomacy '' for the only hopeful northern african democratic state . 
  or the baltics and poles to siberia . 
  life is n't a videogame cowboy . 
  armed rebellions are hardly capable of overthrowing a totalitarian military junta . 
  fires lasted for days . 
  spain cant allow the referendum until the constitution allows it . 
  in non swiss democracies we have apolitical bureocracies deciding on who 's eligible for citizenship . 
  so it 's not my regions mps that get to decide if someone has voting rights for example . 
  but it was made by a panel of municipal councilmen who apparently have the power to dictate who 's eligible for citizenship based on completely stupid and subjective reasons . 
  it 's because of things like this that i 'm very cynical of swiss style democracy . 
  pakistan had voting rights for women 20 years before switzerland . 
  i had the impression things were even worse in bulgaria . 
  there 's a chinese autoplant right ? 
  we 've already seen that it 's not the majority of all catalans , there are n't majorities in polls for independence . 
  to have a modern liberal democracy in a developed european state you have to abide by rule of law , it 's even one of the conditions for joining the eu . 
  the constitutional court even if it 's full of pp judges has the constitution on its side . 
  and could you tell me when did the international court of justice deliberate on the catalan issue ? 
  a ) a non formal catalan independence vote is n't constitutional and international law does n't allow for self determination in a one sided manner in consolidated democracies like spain . 
  b ) if those are the spanish constitucion terms then it 's only changing them to allow for regional voting . 
  until then it 's blatant disrespect for rule of law . 
  psoe seems to be opening up for the opportunity . 
  and even then it 's entirely democratic to not change the constitution . 
  so it 's undecided and there is n't an explicit majority . 
  sorry but there 's democratic way to change the constitution like in other states : have 2/3 of votes in the each chamber and then again in a new legislative session . 
  it 's not impossible the thing is that there is n't enough political will for it . 
  you can be a very small minority and have an disproportionate part of the public sphere ( like people from the capital in more centralized states ) . 
  about polls where yes is a majority could you give me some that are n't funded by the catalan regional government ? 
  also treating the last regional election like an informal referendum is wrong , that was n't what was at stake . 
  so they 're silent ( do n't have much expression on the public stage like this article showed ) and are the majority ( as seen in different polls ) . 
  its not exclusive to the middle east . 
  it tells a lot that churchill only won an election by a small margin , while marking his political life for flip flopping . 
  actually the number of college educated trump voters compared to previous republican nominees was a striking difference . 
  the lacking part of the singapure model is that their opposition is reduced to a minimal part of the legislature due to an effort to curtail equal access to the media , an electoral system designed to benefit pap among other one sided measures . 
  there are . 
  but that does n't fit the agenda so let 's turn a story on racist attacks on refugees and migrants by far right thugs in yet another thread about `` white defense '' and other dog whistles . 
  genial, 
  if it 's like in spain then it has to due with climate , when people are available to shop ( as in after work ) and daily routine . 
  but the majority of western countries do n't have `` left-wing '' views . 
  would you say then that tabloids are left-wing ? 
  apart from more elite and niche newspapers and magazines there is n't any major leftist media . 
  i 'm always amazed how practically all western european media is leftist even when it 's basically owned by right wing companies and millionaires . 
  hehe you really bought the propaganda . 
  romanians still , and dont think thr western european far right cares a lot about the differences between roma and non roma . 
  depends on the regime . 
  in democratic countries government can fall from protests , the some does n't happen in more authoritarian states . 
  they demand pc for them . 
  now because they 're a convenient comparison to `` bad immigrants '' . 
  10 years ago wilder 's target was romanians and other eastern europeans . 
  to them godard would probably be destroying french culture . 
  that 's the unfortunate part of increasing electoral thresholds for coalitions . 
  that 's not how check and balances work . 
  there 's an entire alt-right/far-right youtube culture around subjects like this . 
  the biggest party is islamist but has recognized the constraints of liberal democracy . 
  tunisia is only success story of the arab spring because the islamists accepted the democratic game .
