  pacifism and non violent action is also a staple of anarchism ( afterall it was tolstoy that inspired gandhi ) . 
  the problem of anarchism of our days is that due to the lack of organization between themselves and their repudiation of parliamentary politics anarchism is pretty much dead with the exception of small local groups . 
  not too common , i 'm not a big fan and in terms of fish we 've got better . 
  actually it 's not a thing people make at home . 
  it 's easy to do but they do n't are n't as good as bakeries have them . 
  lol . 
  the guy was against receiving refugees here , he gave explicit orders to limit visas to portugal and made sure that most refugees did n't stay in portugal . 
  i ` ts always helpful to point out that according to the show the second greatest portuguese ever was the historic leader of our communist party , \u00c1lvaro cunhal . 
  obviously a accurate representation of whatever portuguese think of our history . 
   we are thankful to him for organizing the country 's finances ( still one of the largest gold reserves in the world ) and the neutrality of world war ii . 
  easy when you just raise taxes on everything and reduce public spending , wow magic wizardry . 
  the same can apply to various european parliaments . 
  like in germany , france or italy . 
  for countries with large electoral districts ( or just one like the netherlands ) it 's probably a problem but then again it depends if one 's electoral system gives a bigger emphasis in a local representative than a more proportional result . 
  yes , more with palops ( portuguese speaking african countries ) than brazil . 
  every 6 months or so there 's a new economic/political problem with angola but apart from it it 's alright . 
  i think most portuguese are aware of our cultural and emotional links to the ex colonies ( a lot of middle aged portuguese grew up in angola , mozambique and so on ) . 
  culturally relations are at it 's best since decolonization as lusophone literature , music and even tv are commonplace here ( more in lisbon and its metropolitan area ) . 
  brazilian , angolan , cape verdian and guinean bissau musicians are standards in our music culture . 
  suffice to say that anselmo ralph , an angolan music star , quickly fills every venue across the country . 
  i do n't even understand what 's the advantage , you ca n't take 20 seconds to count coins or notes but apparently having your credit card in an app is okay ? 
  that 's mostly in traditional neighborhoods where the population is poorer . 
  also rain is ubiquitous from october to april . 
  in the end the reddit hivemind is the prime example of populism , be it right wing or left-wing . 
  leftist national liberation movements . 
  but is n't maltese politics quite centrist ? 
  i remember muscat 's government being very socially progressive but still knowing it 's a perfect bipartisan country i 'd wager each party must fight for the center ( what 's amazing is that they have stv and still their political scene is literally 2 parties ) . 
  like r/europe ? 
  :p but yeah i 've noticed the same , in general big subs and defaults are more politically volatile . 
  yeah we copy a lot of our sitcoms and series from spain . 
  nonsense of course it 's recognizable . 
  especially now that brazilian culture is so immersed in portuguese cultural life . 
  it 's the same with brazilians . 
  evangelicals are much more fanatic and pious than catholics . 
  it 's pretty good , it has a very chill vibe . 
  on the other hand saint-tomense portuguese at first seems like someone speaking portuguese with a western african french accent . 
  we have the same stuff . 
  altought it 's remarkable how giving spanish/portuguese citizenship for descendants of expelled jews is ok while the same does n't happen for descendants of * moriscos * . 
  because they elected openly neonazis that target roma ? 
  oliven\u00e7a is a non issue , even a dispute about some islands/rocks between madeira and can\u00e1rias is more worrying . 
  has n't been a problem since 76 . 
  too bad you latino americanos ca n't even decide on a single continental organization :p, 
  panels of saint vincent . 
  fado . 
  portrait of king sebastian . 
  brazilian evangelical churches , jehovah witnesses , orthodox christians ( romanians , bulgarians , moldavians , russians and ukrainians ) and african and brazilian mysticism . 
  and you could n't buy new shorts in montenegro of all places ? 
  would n't that be like a burguer in sweden ? 
  i would n't put myself in danger , last year or so about 5 portuguese were kidnapped . 
  what mozambique is safe ? 
  even with a low intensity civil war going on ? 
  at the same time a lot of leftist parties are very keen in a isolationist mindset regarding the eu . 
  british socialists and far-left parties campaigned for brexit even tough they 'll never be relevant ( and we can extend that to corbyn ) . 
  it 's mostly parties of the gue/ngl family . 
   while the sanctions were mostly symbolic in nature and haider did n't actually become prime minister , this is what i presume the eu would turn to as an example should something like you describe were to happen . 
  it 's already happening for about 3-4 years in hungary . 
  but at least rio was capital of an european nation !, 
  there were plans to rebuild lisbon in a different area after the 1755 earthquake , manuel da maia the chief engineer presented a plan to build a new lisbon between bel\u00e9m and alc\u00e2ntara or in present day estrela . 
  in the end the marquis of pombal went with levelling the remains of the medieval baixa and rebuilding the area according to a modern , rationalist grid . 
  not one of those countries has separatism and regional rivalries at the same scale spain has . 
  i do n't think spain has other option than toledo , you ca n't have your capital too far from the center . 
  that 's not only an english view it 's pretty much the standard western . 
  you 're not understanding to what we 're referring , it 's not genetics or the current ethnic composition of both uk or the us . 
  it 's the cultural mindset . 
  oh come on wasp is the default american culture . 
  breakfast : a bit of juice and last night 's pizza ; lunch : soup , pork stew with potatoes and cabbage , water and coffee ( expresso ) . 
  about 20 minutes ago i ate the rest of yesterday 's pizza and drank liquid yogurt . 
  for dinner i 'm not sure yet . 
  correction : not legal , decriminalized for consumption in small doses . 
  there was a user in / r/europe but being the sub so racist and full of hatred i would n't be surprised if he left . 
  no , it 's the system that perpetuates bipartidism . 
  unfortunate example with france , it 's `` em fran\u00e7a '' . 
  with inglaterra , espanha or fran\u00e7a it 's not linguistically correct to use a definite article but `` em '' . 
   most westerners do n't use the term `` eastern europe '' correctly when talking about geography or culture . 
  because it 's mostly a political term just like western europe . 
  there 's a reason why greece is in it but hungary is n't even tough athens is closer to china than budapest . 
  my my everyday there 's a new prefix for marxism . 
  i 'm interested , how come ? 
  would jesus descend to estonia and defeat the soviets ? 
  this reminds me of the consecration of russia . 
  exactly i kinda support strasbourg just because of the building and the gorgeous hemicycle . 
  ah that 's a recent thing , like 12-10 years . 
  do n't know the reason sorry but compared to brasil it 's nothing . 
  are there ? 
  are you referring to speedos as thongs ? 
  well to me that 's one ticket to depressionland . 
  to each it 's own . 
   well for me i merely do n't think that having symbols of bloody colonisation should belong in our flag anymore . 
  are you referring to the armillary sphere ? 
  i 'm quite anti-colonialist and the `` good '' imperial times but i fail to see how can you argue that the republican flag ( based the flag of a masonic secret society ) has anything to do with colonialism . 
   furthermore , do we seriously need to talk about anti-anything in our anthem ? 
  i , for one , believe our anthem should be about the beauty and love for our country , not about marching against cannons in sea and land . 
  well our anthem is already that , at least is n't like the french or the british with clear references to war or submission to monarchy . 
   i repeated it because that is literally how i was taught history , and in my opinion it 's not 100 % wrong , but the fact is that it also brought horrid oppression and censorship alongside with it with the bloody estado novo . 
  it is important to note its advantages but also exactly why its over and the suffering it brought , just like i was taught about nazi germany ( hitler did bring german economy back up to its feet , and developed infrastructure extensively , and even progressed in science a lot , but literally it was nazi germany ) . 
  there 's your problem , portuguese school history still relies extensivly on estado novo 's myths . 
  stuff like being somehow `` better '' colonizers , salazar fixing the economy ( it 's easy when you tax everyone and repress any dissenting opinion ) and many others . 
  about nazi germany , man you really should study how unsustainable the german economy was or how practically all nazi `` scientific discoveries '' did n't even met the scientific method . 
   portugal is no longer the colonial republic we once were , and we no longer are anti-british . 
  we are better and i believe we deserve a better representation of our country .
