  also compared to national percentages it 's still very disproportionate . 
  that would be sensible if the number had a reason . 
  i read that they chose a yearly 3 % deficit target because of things like the trinity or because it felt `` not to high nor to low '' . 
  at least greeks can get amazing summer holidays , the same ca n't really apply to baltic countries . 
  kurz is using the same shtick that renzi did , but covering a lot of fp\u00d6 policies . 
  we 're heading to a even more dangerous route , when establishment parties try to pander to radical-right wing populists . 
  i 'm not denying there made efficiency reforms but those fall short when there was n't even a planned state reform ( i mean the report that paulo portas produced was a complete joke ) . 
   although the health system is increasing the expenses each year , the expenses growth has diminuished , which means they have actually changed the economy yeah by cutting on healthcare , it 's not great with the ps gov but at least they 're not trying to continue downsizing sns in favour of miseric\u00f3rdias or private ipss . 
   that 's not backwards , it 's the will of the people . 
  politicians are elected by the its citizens to represent them so i do n't see how the they get too much power ( even more in a heavily constrained system like switzerland ) . 
   no one should have the right to move anywhere he wants , it makes zero sense to believe that . 
  why not instead respect when people want to keep their culture , traditions and values intact ? 
  maybe not everyone believes that throwing away what worked for hundreds of years ( actually having values and tradition ) needs to go . 
  these things keep societies together . 
  yeah i 'm sure swiss culture would go down the drain once they let people express their own preferences or make campaigns against cow bells . 
   your values are irrelevant and should have no consideration , sorry . 
  if you always engage any topic with your personal opinions then you can never actually properly talk about anything in depth . 
  if you ca n't respect what people want , then you are n't okay and not the other way round . 
  i have every right to give my opinion i do n't have to abide with a `` us vs them '' view that only those who like authoritarians agree with . 
  gosh it 's like speaking to someone who transpires right-wing populism . 
  yeah i do n't agree , i 'm not going to change my opinion just because of tina . 
  the fact they were in charge during the adjustment plan does n't mean i do n't have to hold them at the same level i would any other gov ( s\u00f3crates had to cave in , once passos voted side by side with the left to reject pec4 ) even those `` reforms '' you enumerated did n't have any profound change to reform the state or the economy ( like what is `` private management in public entities to improve efficiency ( health ) '' ? 
  is it extending healthcare ppps ? 
  lol i 'm not going to be thankful that other eurozone members did the minimum and ensured bailout plans that went along with their economic orthodoxy . 
   a bit more thanksfullness or at least stopping these neverending complains from your side would actually be nice sometimes !, 
  yeah and do you thank everyday the americans for what they did or do you just think we 're obliged to our northern lords ? 
  thanks for your contribution mister hitler . 
  what happend to sp.a ? 
  n-va showed up and took a chunk of their electorate ? 
  because reality has a right-wing bias and the shifting of the left more and more to the right makes social-democratic parties in europe a bit like reptiles after the cretaceous mass extinction . 
   it wasnt eu decision to issue penalty against hungary and poland , it was merkel and german , im sure if countries of eu would decide the same thing but siting behind round table , it would n't seem so dictatorial to many of us living in these countries , because we are aware that democracy in our countries is not functioning properly macron and the german goverment are simply echoing what the european government has been saying for years . 
  in 2013 there even was a comprehensive report ( tavares report , whose rapporteur was a left-wing portuguese mep ) on the worrying developments in hungary . 
  some sections were even co-authored by greek communists and british tories . 
  so this is not a franco-german conspiracy to destroy the sovereignty of poland and hungary , it 's the eu doing it 's job on protecting it 's fundamental values like rule of law . 
  they do have an opt-out on the euro , just like the uk . 
  both or only the wallonian ? 
  i see that ptb is eating their electorate so they might end up like other soc-dem parties in europe , `` between a rock and a hard place '' . 
   the question is why now ? 
  because stuff got more serious once there 's several eastern member states actively undermining rule of law and their own liberal democracies . 
  in the past there was a coherent eu statement and those government would try to fix things up , now they 're emboldened by the political international scene like trump winning or putin being relevant in european politics . 
   thats why im convinced that the official reasons are nothing but distraction from the real reason , that is calling for reform of eu and critisizing germany and merkel the v4 never got a coherent proposal except being against refugee distribution . 
  pis and fidesz proposals are just that proposals , they 're not an option for the majority of member states , which is why those who want to go deeper are supporting multispeed europe . 
  seeing that states like poland or hungary are undermining the european project for the conservative project of only having the common market it 's no wonder we do n't want them dragging us . 
   i dont know how good was the media coverage of afairs in v4 , but i guarantee you , the reasons for suspention are irrelevant , they had that same reasons for 10 years , they decided to act only now and real reason is that german monopoli and dictate about what collective eu policies will be are challenged , and not only by v4 ok mate , i sure hope this get to the ecj and the more illiberal states get an ultimatum . 
  eh that depends on your view . 
  to me switzerland is backwards because in some cases their direct democracy enables neighbours to deny a woman living in switzerland for more than 10 years because she 's against cow bells ; or the fact that their societal culture is akin to my values . 
   you do realize that these kind of backroom machinations existed in all v4 states upon joining ? 
  they did but because of accession requirements the applying countries had to have a clean record . 
  the eu even threatened to exclude slovakia from joining in the first round due to meciar 's illiberal politics . 
   right now the parliament in slovakia is completely ignoring the division of power between courts , president and parliament , doing whatever they please with no accountability and that has no backlash cuz fico does not rebel against germany that much that 's also problematic and unfortunately i do n't see pes suspending smer again . 
  but you 're right there 's an obvious unbalance in how the european establishment deals with various worrying eastern members ( illustrative example : poland and hungary , because pis not in the epp and they 're not so smart like orb\u00e1n is ) . 
  you fail to undestand that relatively to the other part of the troika ( ecb and commission ) the imf is way more favourable of finally resolving the endless greek drama in a rational manner . 
  if germany and other fiscal hawks manage to get a new deal without the imf then it 's a loss for everyone . 
  the proposal on a bank dedicated to political parties is an ingenious form of taking away one of fn 's symbolic complains . 
  the crucial `` voice '' in the eurozone about the necessity of austerity for ending the crisis was in fact the german government . 
  it 's not framing germany as the biggest culprit in the way things happened because they trully were . 
   the argument is that austerity did n't work or would n't work because we did the opposite now with good effects . 
  and that remains to be hypothetical at this stage . 
  look at the diverting paths taken by the eurozone and the united states after the 2008 crash or the academic consensus on the way the eu handled the sovereign debts crisis . 
   the economic climate changed considerably and like many others pointed out we did n't just do austerity . 
  we reformed a lot . 
  then please tell me a meaningful `` reform '' in portugal besides the rent market . 
   i think it 's high time we abandoned this us versus them attitude . 
  it 's not constructive in the slightest . 
  i agree , but the consensus was build by the strong position of northern countries focused on the austerity treatment than the quickly suffocated alternative positions initially proposed by hollande . 
  greece passed various laws and 7 years later it 's still going to get the 4th `` adjustment plan '' . 
  that graphic does n't tell us if those `` reforms '' were successful and consequential . 
  i agree that it 's silly to blame entirely germany but only a fool would dismiss the argument because part of it plays with stereotypes . 
  the northern countries headed by sha\u00fcble ( and others like the finnish and dutch government ) clearly the strategy on how the eurozone should deal with the economic crisis of 2008 and later of the sovereign debt crisis . 
  i mean even holland sat defeated in his first eu council meetings . 
  me neither , but here we see it 's `` reform responsiveness '' and not if they are good or bad . 
  the fact that greece is first says everything . 
  well i 'm sure you 'll find a way of spinning this as a totally democratic and sensible thing to : * the way that non state supporting media in hungary were reduced , like orbans childhood friend buying the biggest opposition paper just to close it ; * the forced retirement of judges a few years ago ; * the shambolic process in which the new constitution was adopted with even articles being rejected ; * the latest crusade against ceu ; and so on . 
  that 's for the stability and growth pact , an agreement supervised by the commission . 
  it 's irrelevant compared to the dismantling of rule of law in hungary or poland . 
  actually nowadays the imf is far more sensible than the european establishment . 
  look at the ordeal on whether it will take part in the next greek bailout plan or not . 
  the thing is that we did n't do any structural reforms with the exception of the rental market . 
  the previous government came to power with a narrative of finally reforming the state and the country and close to nothing was done . 
  instead we got horizontal cuts , half-assed privatizations and a `` enormous increase in taxes '' . 
  rip euronews let 's hope you do n't become a politico.eu tv version . 
  where in the us can non citizens vote for state and federal elections ? 
  actually in terms of feasibility studies the high speed line between porto and vigo fared the worst compared to lisboa-badajoz and porto-lisboa . 
   why should we expect that development ? 
  the fact that germany has a big population combined with a huge ecomic power will not dissappear with more federalization . 
  on the contrary , the more we go from one government-one vote principle where all countries are equal , the more power we give to the big countries . 
  in an optimistic scenario for those who are federalists then we would move the council as a senate . 
  that gap on member states 's power is reduced on the institutional framwork . 
   and also what does more independent commission mean ? 
  the commission already is supposed to be independent . 
  the fact that it is n't is troubling , but i fail to see how federalization will produce a more independent commission . 
  for example a commission where its members are proposed and elected without the complete input of national government and with the possibility of having individual commissioners being refused by parliament . 
  and get a fully political commission will enable that it takes a political direction instead of trying to please every member state . 
  high speed trains became politically poisonous in portugal as it was one of socr\u00e1te 's public works pet projects ( along with the third bridge on the tagus and a new airport in alcochete ) . 
  it 's a shame as it would 've been a great investment but new psd-cds ( right-wing coalition ) dropped it soon after getting in government in 2011 . 
  nowadays what 's in project is a new line between sine and badajoz passing through \u00c9vora and elvas but its focus will be on freight and a top speed of 200 km/h . 
  i 'm not very optimistic as even the new ps gov clearly does n't have a well thought plan for our railways . 
  well i disagree , a more independent and political commission can lead to give smaller countries a voice instead of the mostly german directory for the last 10 years . 
  i too am against unequal treatment on the application of the various rules , but that 's a battle that should be taken in the form of battling intergovernmentalism that enables stronger member states to influence how the eu institutions apply the rules . 
  now on cases where there 's a clear disregard for common decisions in fulcral areas on the principles of the eu then 's it 's only fair that there is consequences , be the infringing member state powerful or less influential .
