  then there 's the fact that you obviously do n't view dutch citizens with turkish ancestry or nationality as proper dutch , dog whistling at its best . 
  so erdogan is sending money to the dutch turkish population ? 
  still if anyone wants to donate their money on denk they should be able to do so ( in limited amounts of course ) supposing there is n't coercion by the turkish state to have those dutch turks act like an human offshore . 
  switzerland is balkan , it 's confirmed . 
  `` is n't switzerland in western europe ? '', 
  try hard swiss nationalist : `` uhm ackshually like all other balkan countries , switzerland is a melting pot of different nations , languages , religions ... '', 
  which means nothing because you ca n't have an institution like the eu without any delegation of sovereignty . 
  why should n't dutch turks be able to donate to a party in the netherlands ? 
  fortunely because the dutch political system is so fractured and wilders is n't reliable i do n't think pvv will ever get in power in the near future . 
  the problem is rutte using dog whistles in a letter `` to the people '' and others using wilder 's playbook . 
  so you vote for the clearly non democrat and demagogue ? 
  there was poll shortly after the inauguration where republican voters went something from 20 % to 70 % in favour of protectionism . 
  that party is stained forever . 
  the interesting in the netherlands is that populism is very active there not because of economic reasons but socio-cultural . 
  compared to the rest of the planet the dutch could n't be better . 
  also , one ca n't expect populism to wither , it 's intrinsic to liberal democracies . 
  i 'm reading it at the moment , it 's superb . 
  there 's 10 different basic variables between consensus and majoritarian , 5 in the executive-parties dimension and 5 on a federal-unitary . 
  i suppose your referring to majoritarianism as in the family of electoral systems , right ? 
  most arguments usually refer to the fact that it enables a clear cut winner and therefore a strong and effective government and the ideological weight of rousseau 's * volont\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale * . 
  to the end of the book lijphart shows how consensus based democracies have delivered better results than majoritarian based democracies . 
  i do n't see how it could be easier , their political systems are highly unstable and there is a much bigger difference between big and small states ( compared to the treaty of rome and subsequent eu evolution ) . 
  what apparently kaczynski did n't understand is that to follow the hungarian `` illiberal '' path you ca n't make waves and piss off everyone . 
  \u00d3rban managed to pass a constitution full of inovations , a clearly biased electoral system and remain in epp due to his cleaver maneuvering . 
  nonsense . 
  they have like 3 different unions and those are n't relevant . 
  add to that that giants like brazil are highly protectionist or the enormous ideological difference even in each `` wave '' . 
  bottled water . 
  immigrants are n't refugees . 
  nothing says more love for `` european values '' than going for taliban justice . 
  every single time . 
  it 's impossible to have exactly equal rights for women and men . 
  for example men ca n't abort and women ca n't perform like men athletes . 
  apparently it 's only feminism when it does n't bother . 
  i agree with you but i would n't say all of the right is against feminism or more action for women . 
  liberals or even christian-democrats do n't have the same actions and rethoric that of conservatives and far-right . 
  anti-feminism is one of the most widespread reddit circlejerks . 
  canton is n't hong kong , that would be modern day guangzhou . 
  actually it has to do with having a popularly elected president , the system is inherently majoritarian . 
  one seat is a zero-sum game ( it 's not possible to have pluralism ) . 
  what i love about zizek is how nationalists and racists use descontextualized quotes from him in order to vomit once again their bullet points . 
  people read the article . 
  ah good news then . 
  a victory for proportional representation . 
  last year you had a referendum where on of the proposals were to have a majoritarian two rounds electoral system , it did n't reach the quorum but did any of the proposals come to fruition ? 
  if they are bigoted and racist then it 's fair to call them out . 
  hillary did n't make them vote for trump . 
  everyone except the bolsheviks lost . 
  tell that to the `` southern provinces '' . 
  of course i get it , the far-right needs to weasel out their abhorrent core values in order to be relevant . 
  so does bill gates , is he also a dangerous commie ? 
  how is he authoritarian ? 
  even his ubi is n't universal ( at least in the first years ) . 
  that 's the measure that would be gutted first if he reached the elys\u00e9e . 
  apart from it i do n't see nothing `` hard '' on his rethoric or programme . 
  maybe for those who follow the center-right and right wing script that sounds like an impending bolshevik revolution . 
  with the right ? 
  of course , that 's why social democratic parties in europe have been vanishing . 
  let 's see : pasok , spd , psoe , pvda , irish labour , both ps 's in belgium , sp\u00d6 and this is only in western europe . 
  of course , people do n't vote for what fn members truly believe . 
  marine had to scale back a lot to reach a considerable electorate . 
  i 'm yet to understand on how `` hard '' applies to hamon . 
  it 's understandable to see how fillon might be `` hard '' ( neoliberalism amok or adopting the nativist and islamophobic rethoric from le pen ) but hamon really ? 
  he 's just a more leftwing psf candidate , more in line with social-democracy than vall 's hard centrism . 
  ironically this thread 's response only shows how populism and illiberal thought easily gets traction . 
  this sub is in a sad state compared to what it used to be . 
  yeah right . 
  and i suppose fillon is somehow center-right . 
  merkel is the epitome of the administrative short sighted politician . 
  i 'm yet to hear an inspiring or passionate speech by merkel with the exception of refugees . 
  meh it 's symbolic nothing will change . 
  i can see your point about the right proposing more condemning proposal about the responsibility of the soviet union but then again only naif people would expect stuff like this to divide pcp from the gov. 
  nope , this stuff was purely on the assembly . 
  it was neither a proposal from the gov nor influenced by it . 
  again nothing to do with the government , it was the parliament . 
  give juncker the job , president of the eu council is nothing more than a glorified spokesperson for national governments . 
  the government was n't involved in any of this . 
  nah i do n't buy it , our immigrants do n't have any political weight ( except africans and brazilians ) . 
  i think it 's really just being solidary with ukrainians . 
  that 's a given fact . 
  entering a supra-national institution and agreeing to certain rules ( as in having a non national military hierarchy or agreeing to help other members ) means you lose sovereignty . 
  i 'm myself not crazy about losing national sovereignty but i understand what consequences there are . 
  of i course i do n't know . 
  but i do n't see any alternative when the eu ca n't even coordinate a common foreign policy . 
  will the neutral irish or austrians enter a eu wide defense alliance even if that goes against their own constitutions ? 
  having inter army cooperation is very far from having an european commanding hierarchy . 
  the country loses part of it 's sovereignty in being the sole `` commander '' of its army . 
  even nato 's joint command does not have ultimate power to dictate what happens . 
  giving the eu military oversight ? 
  cmon do n't feign ignorance . 
  yeah but your political scene is riddled with religious undertones , that does n't happen here with the exception of a small conservative party . 
  and turkey is a bigger trade partner than armenia . 
  it 's pretty clear . 
  do n't know . 
  our tech sector is minimal and relies on low wages and a good propaganda effort by recent governments , the catholic background is fading and it 's nonexistent compared to ireland and about partying it 's very different from the usual southern european stereotype . 
  they are in the line of the majority of gue/ngl group , against `` this eu '' but for renovated europe . 
  of course it 's half not being openly eurospeptics ( like the far right saying they support a `` eu of nations , whatever that means ) half `` different cooperation between the peoples '' . 
  how are any of them left leaning ? 
  you can be conservative and repudiate trump , erdogan or putin 's russia . 
  just like saying polish death camps is n't wrong .
