  a lot of people value national sovereignty only in a nation-state level and so far the eu has n't been exactly good in translating its mandate in democratic oversight . 
  yes , maintenance is just as important as construction . 
  that 's entirely subjective . 
  i 've grown a little tired of the same neoclassical architecture . 
  the 20 year old `` muslim '' that discovered islamism last year is n't too concerned about legitimacy . 
  the fundamentalist ideology excels in always making things logical . 
  they 'll turn in a bigger al-qaeda focused more in amateurs and propaganda . 
  the common market is also a political tool so it 's not your usual trade agreement . 
  let 's not erode it to appease the brits . 
  it 's either in or out . 
  people who post here are more prone to be open about different ideas , especially considering the diverse range of patterns in european nations and regions . 
  but then against this attitude of trying to understand the other is taken to an extreme where people go as far as defending crazy far-right actions or snarky populistic one liners . 
  crossing that line ( as it 's one of the sub 's main `` features '' ) makes the more moderate leave as they wo n't spend time to debate whether muslims are people like the rest or migrants should n't drown in the sea . 
  no need to freeze things , just have plans to the affected communities . 
  like what america should be doing on wv coal miners . 
  you can get refugee status for other reasons than war and conflict ( like religious opression , being albino in subsaharan africa , trans , etc ) . 
  not everyone is a refugee , but as far as senegal i would n't be surprised if there are legitimate reasons for refugee status . 
  well the silver-lining could be an investment in saint-denis for better habitation and public life . 
  well that 's just your opinion man . 
  we do n't care about the church 's opinion . 
  all that matters is the state . 
  god save merkel . 
  who ? 
  the russians ? 
   how is it that for over 200 years conservatives have n't destroyed democracy and never wanted to , but now they do ? 
  well the first 100 years the conservatives were the ones against democracy ( back then the conservatives were the imperialists and absolutists ) and then from the end of wwi to the end of wwii they were in bed with the far-right . 
  only in the last 60 years the conservatives have been supportive of the liberal democracy as we know it , and that 's only in very specific countries . 
   and the protests are a danger because they want to oust a democratically-elected candidate . 
  the protests are against trump not the results ( even though there 's people that do n't accept the results ) . 
  it 's totally normal and within the right of free speech to protest in a peaceful manner . 
   how is he going to endanger democracy ? 
  with all the check and balances on his side , plus a majority conservative supreme court in a few years trump will go ahead with his policies to destroy decades of progress either by trying to create a national database of american muslims or repealing abortion . 
  i foresee how he can create even more difficulties for african-americans to vote , mixing his private business to us policy and much more . 
  trump is indeed racist and a bunch more but i would n't so far as calling him a mussolini . 
  he 's more close to \u00d3rban or putin . 
  he 's going to endanger democracy , his plan for american citizens is appalling in almost all directions . 
  he was elected democratically . 
  protesting is not a danger to democracy nor it is to read a note to mike pence . 
  it would be a danger if those marches and protests became an attempt to destroy american democracy and cast doubts about the legitimacy of it as it would 've happened had clinton won . 
  to me what 's worrying is the normalization of trump , an excellent demagogue who managed to bring ultraconservative evangelicals , neonazis , libertarians and the middle classes in a schizophrenic coalition . 
  yeah now you 're just talking nonsense . 
  * okay * he 's a demagogue authoritarian coupled with the fact that he 's supported by the far-right , has adressed that public by giving them something to look for and in the end he might endanger the american liberal democracy . 
  ca n't understand what you mean . 
  modern western democracies are way past natural rights , now most conflicts derive from post-material subjects ( at least socially and culturally ) . 
  wow that 's something . 
  congrats to you guys . 
  one where the electorate is n't very interested in facts , so in reality any democracy . 
  basically something like bild , the sun , daily mail and a bunch of rags that epitomize `` popular '' journalism . 
  for example portugal 's tabloid , correio da manh\u00e3 , is the number one selling newspaper and they mostly focus on scandals , crime , celebrities and other low brow subjects . 
  so how can tabloids exist in france ? 
  or do they not exist ? 
   breitbart wo n't do anything new . 
  and if they continue their practices as in the us , they can expect large fines . 
  really ? 
  websites can be fined in france ? 
  oh yes all european media is left-leaning , just look at tabloids . 
  some are saying the rights behavior and use of identity politics may have nudged some voters . 
  we already have a eu wide development bank ti 's the european investment bank . 
  apart from it there 's also the european bank for reconstruction and development by that 's financed by extra-eu countries . 
  1 ) i ca n't understand why they 're trying to abolish provinces , are n't they working properly ? 
  2 ) in terms of its powers would you say they look more like the french system ( few powers ) or the spanish * autonom\u00edas * ( almost states in a truly federal way ) . 
  3 ) if the ref passes and the provinces disappear what happens to the different autonomous regions like sardinia or sicily ? 
  4 ) also since metropolitan areas become the de facto 1st level italian subdivisions who will `` own '' the rural areas ? 
  5 ) could you explain in detail the various proposals for yet another electoral law for the lower chamber ? 
  thanks , great work !, 
  oh it 's the end of the eu no doubt . 
  people who have to be reminded why we should n't look for answer in the far-right are n't the same public who will cry about pc . 
  no but he can enact protectionist measures to discriminate european products . 
  that 's how you start a trade war with a maniac like trump . 
  although the idea is good , i fail to see how can sarkozy think he can get away with it . 
  let 's look at the case of macedonia or kosovo who managed to build a national identity without any historical state of their own . 
  italy is also a great example . 
  well italy , turkey and greece have their fair share of calamities . 
  i did portray a extreme version , i know there 's way more nuance . 
  regarding your answer : you have some sort of idealistic image of what happened in western europe in the second half of the 20 century . 
  almost all countries had way more terrorism than right now ( except for france i suppose ) even in portugal we had bombs and assassinations . 
  now the problem is islamic fanatics , mentally unstable young people who have family background of immigrants and far-right nuts . 
  to portray this seemingly increase of terrorism only on european muslim communities is disingenuous at best . 
  most of them live peacefully and are more or less integrated . 
  now we ca n't even compare our society to the japanese as they are literally half a world apart . 
   but some globalist financial elites who are out-of-touch with the public and probably own our politicians will tell us that we need immigrants , and we fuck up our countries . 
  some examples : peter sutherland , george soros . 
  oh and they usually happen to be jews , which fuels antisemitism in the altright . 
  i do n't think you understand that 's it 's not the `` globalist elites '' who push for immigration and a less xenophobic society , it 's the ideology of politicians on power . 
  afterall the people voted them in . 
  the part about making calls is quite alien here , i had the impression only americans phonebanked . 
  their usually taking poins like europe being invaded , different `` races '' have different `` abilities '' as if humans are breeds of dogs , the machinations of the ( ( ( global elite ) ) ) to spread `` multikulti '' , the need for a fascistic nation state and much more . 
   that being said ... 
  i 'll probably get involved with the campaign if he runs . 
  i 'm curious , what do do volunteers usually do in elections in germany ? 
  the problem with `` common sense '' is that everyone has it 's own perception of what it is . 
  for example i do n't agree at all with the majority of `` common sense '' of far-right or nationalistic people . 
  he had to be smart in order to form an alliance never seen in portuguese politics and somehow make a loss into a victory . 
  juncker is quite shit in certain aspects but at least has personality and ideas of his own . 
  if only he had the guts to fire some useless commissioners like oettinger and proper power to counter the german monopoly it would be nice . 
  but to be fair our left is fairly moderate compared to its supposed `` far-left '' label . 
  i rather prefer a unapologetic center-left government than a third way `` social-democrat '' working with the right . 
  a fairly uninteresting interview except for this excerpt where costa clearly shows that he 's in favour of a more powerful commission rather than a europe led by germany :  isabelle kumar : `` so germany , often considered the leader of the european union , is not always the example to follow . ''  antonio costa : `` i think it 's a paradox , because it 's the only one who can be the leader , but unfortunately it does not want to be the leader , because the leader must have the ability to bring people together : the poor , the rich , the small , the big , the countries of the east , the countries of the west , the countries of the south . 
   ` and germany does not know how to do it . 
  germany has never been a unifier and has never learned how to be one .
