  you can talk how the s & d want a future europe , alde , greens , gue/ngl , the eurosceptics , the regionalist parties ... 
  clarity has been missing since the failure of the constituion , since then it 's only a mix of last minute council plan , a powerless parliament wishes or the commission 's view . 
  still for eu integration even if it 's a totally different view compared to gl . 
   for example their conclusion that centre-right and centre-left parties `` are shrinking '' and yet actually they grew overall ? 
  or the idea that 6 coalition parties might be needed ? 
  let 's see :  while previous parliaments have counted 14 or more factions , what has changed is the relative size of the parties . 
  in 1986 , the top three parties together won 85 percent of the vote . 
  in 2003 , it was down to 74 percent . 
  today it is just around 45 percent . 
  main dutch parties until 2011 elections were pvda , cda and vvd . 
  let 's now look for how much do centrists parties account ( with d66 thrown in ) : 50 % . 
   or the idea that 6 coalition parties might be needed ? 
  if there 's a push for a leftwing centrist coalition , a kunduz ( with probably pvda to not have gl have the same fate next elections and cu to make it 3 parties for each economic side ) or another arrangement . 
   if the party for freedom is excluded -- and almost all parties have pledged that they will refuse to serve in a coalition with mr. wilders -- the government will probably consist of five or six medium-size parties that span almost the entire political spectrum . 
  yeah i would n't say they are but at least it 's closer to the truth than left-wing or center-left . 
   or even the entire premise of their story which is essentially `` more parties = bad '' ... while again later on saying `` they have to come together and work together but ca n't ! '', 
  no , the point is that this elections brought up various elements about the dutch political scene , from environment aspects , relation with islam , immigrants , the retiring age , populism ... 
  the author acknowledges that with a deeply fractured political scene any coalition will be much more fragile than one with ideologically closer parties ( like vvd-pvda ) . 
  still his message is that the coming coalition has to have a proper vision for the country rather than just being against wilders . 
  if they do n't then they 're all the same to disillusioned voters . 
   calling the campaign `` highly divisive '' when the only one being divisive was one party ? 
  a large number of the party leaders watched the results together lol , hardly divisive ? 
  the elections were n't only about wilders , its was about a ton of stuff . 
  making it a simplistic narrative of `` everyone vs populism '' just shows how you did n't understand it . 
  rutte even said in his victory speech how it was `` good populism '' ( whatever that means ) against `` bad populism '' . 
  he himself wrote a populist letter full of conservative innuendos about the `` natives '' and those who are n't `` normal '' ( jeez where did i heard that before ? 
  having a eu military command or intelligence sharing is integration . 
  it 's sharing soverignty . 
  that 's goes hand in hand with the currently `` hot '' concept of multi-speed eu . 
  they should just enforce the current rules : do n't give money to europarties that do n't respect the eu charter of fundamental rights . 
  so in your opinion how does this opinion article misses the point ? 
  did you read the article rather than just the title ? 
  you just have to look at the results and see that there are multiple options for coalition , in the case of the most probable right wing alliance , kunduz or even a leftwing-centrist . 
  in any scenario all parties support further eu integration ( with very different ideas on how to achieve it ) with the exception of sp . 
  are you really disputing a dutch political scientist specialized in populism ? 
  uhm even then it reminds me more of the anarchist tradition of terrorist attacks against well placed individuals in capitalist institutions . 
  a hundred years ago european royalty and big cats dropped like flies . 
  overall center and right wing electorates have more ideological flexibility than what it used to be a social democrat center left voter . 
  since the 90s politics drifted more and more to the right so it 's no wonder center-left voters do n't want their parties to be a mere delaying force in a neoliberal agenda . 
  when almost every social-democrat party embraces social liberalism then the only option is vote for an authentic leftist party . 
  false , islamic terrorism , separatism , far-right/neonazis ... you name it . 
  are you stupid or what ? 
  when has n't europe have terrorism ? 
  nah , just center-left parties . 
  in the czech republic and ireland supporting right wing parties will probably perform better than the senior party in government . 
  i would n't even consider social issues a clear contrast between left and right . 
  at least in europe where liberals are unashamedly center-right . 
  it 's not simple at all . 
  from all of western europe only france and ireland have sustainable birth rates . 
  are you talking about africa or oceania ? 
  yeah like pis . 
  do n't conflate far-right and radical right with right wing . 
  do you have to make an x or just fill the circle ? 
  again the abstentionist that would 've vote for fn in european elections if he had gone to the polls might 've voted for lesr or any party in national elections . 
  concerns and voter inclination differ in different types of elections . 
  i do n't think they 're over-represented , they 're in line with the rest of the country  and 2 districts ( this makes no sense ) again do n't agree , its a good compromise for different concerns for emigrants . 
  for example pt citizens in brussels do n't share the same concerns and problems that of those who live outside of the eu . 
  regarding the compensation district , all `` wasted votes '' would count for it . 
  what showdown ? 
  you cant compare european to national elections . 
  the issues at stake are very different . 
  i know portugal 's electoral system is also disproportional ( less than spain and greece but more than almost all other european pr systems ) . 
  i 'm not very keen in having a single national list so i prefer tweaking our current system . 
  merging and redrawing of smaller electoral districts , a national compensation district , changing the d'hondt for the modified sainte-langue method , closed and non blocked lists ... about the emigration districts i 'm not in favour of scrapping them . 
  portuguese citizens overseas deserve a specific district for better representation . 
  i do n't think / u/bumaye94 is trying to convince anyone . 
  in the anglosphere . 
  the epp continues being spineless . 
  also , spending some more money on military does n't impede a country to spend on infrastructure , education , etc. 
  actually it does . 
  otherwise you 'll have the commission putting you on the corrective arm of the stability and growth pact . 
  darn americans they managed to completely co-opt the term . 
  no , it 's the fptp part of the american presidential electoral college ( as in the candidate with the most votes carries all grand electors ) . 
  if for example there was proportionality you could have for utah 2 electoral college votes for trump , 2 for clinton and 2 for evan mcmullin . 
  that 's not what left libertarian means , the cnt was libertarian . 
  apart from them ( and the australian system still benefits immensely the two bigger parties/coalitions ) no one else has pr . 
  it 's not the electoral college , you can even have an proportional one . 
  for a single elected seat it will always be difficult for small parties to have any meaningful result . 
  `` liberation '', 
  how are things coming regarding changing the electoral system ( and reweorking the senate that also has archaic electoral laws ) ? 
  it was afterall one of the conditions c 's demanded for supporting rajoy in certain aspects . 
  those apply to anyone , rutte obviously was n't telling for `` pure '' dutch to leave the country . 
  reminds me of the brazilian motto during the military dictatorship of ' 67 : `` brasil : ame-o ou deixe-o ! '', 
  ( brazil : love it or leave it ) . 
  they should learn from all other green parties in europe that took heavy loses after being junior partners . 
  in this case is n't that bad . 
  all the other elements ( district magnitude or low threshold ) already favour smaller parties getting in parliament . 
  the netherlands is the less disproportional electoral country in the world . 
  also in spain there 's the problem of having various small electoral districts which results in high disproportionality . 
  some political scientists even call the greek and the spanish electoral system as semi pr . 
  due to its electoral system ( and the the highest electoral thresehold in the world , 10 % ) akp with 49 % of the vote managed to get 57 % of seats . 
  no one is stopping you . 
  i 'd kill to have the kind of modernist and brutalist architecture the eastern block had instead of tacky 70s and 80s portuguese architecture . 
  it 's a far-right album . 
  much nicer than tacky neoclassical architecture . 
  i mean it 's pretty much accepted . 
  our modern values have their basis in greek thought from europe and asia ( asia minor ) . 
  i did but it was merely as an illustration . 
  they actually begin arguing that afterall eveyrthing had its source from the middle east . 
  no , but is formally erdogan trying to establish a dictatorship ?
