  knowing what akp proposed this week :  this week meps called on the eu to adhere to the ** istanbul convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence ** . 
  it is , it 's just i 'm not in the mood to answer a concern troll . 
   only way to keep yourself informed is getting your news from as many sources as possible with different biases , because everyone is biased . 
  that 's true applied to reasonable newspapers with at least a minimum of journalistic credibility . 
  now i ca n't put breibart in the same category as the nyt , wp , ft or foreign affairs . 
  it 's like the der st\u00fcrmer of today . 
  so what ? 
  they 're still shit . 
  the cartels will just make more tunnels and use more catapults . 
  you can read whatever you want just do n't expect breibart , the sun or the pravda give you accurate information . 
   it is a reputable news site with a different view that 's your problem . 
  in matters like this where an incredible amount of legislation goes through , being against having the treaty checked for possible collision with the foundations of the union is puzzling . 
  why would n't they try to make treaties if they go against european law ? 
  there 's no threat in sending it . 
  at least wallonie might send it . 
  european law like charter of fundamental rights of the european union are subject to the european court of justice in it 's highest level so there are areas where pan european institution have the last word . 
  i do n't see why ca n't we see if ceta is according to the treaties ? 
  why bypass a neutral court ? 
  meps blocking this motion just shows how everyone talks abour europe and making it better while belittling its own institution for what they were created for . 
  the opposition is merely trying to uphold the values of the treaties . 
  european legislation should be according to its own law . 
  good ideas but i see some problems : 1 ) being indirect is positive as the commission has to have a majority in euparl to accept decisions and proposals by the executive branch . 
  so it 's close to what we have on parliamentary democracies . 
  turning the vote for the president direct might result in cohabitation . 
  2 ) regarding commissioners is tricky because it 's all informal so states try to get specific areas and only after that they chose a commissioner supposedly knowledgeable . 
  this all happens behind the curtains . 
  3 ) it 's important for every member state have commissioner especially smaller countries . 
  if they do n't have a say in the executive branch then that 's very dangerous for the perception of the public or for the principle that every state has an equal say . 
  so what 's the case against olof palme ? 
  ehhh i 'm not so sure . 
  for it 's purpose the electoral college would be a great option in case european voters be called to vote directly on the president of the commission or other post . 
  you can tweak it to to be more proportional . 
  in eastern europe there arent a lot of significant `` social-democrat '' parties so its no surprise pes accepts most of the populists . 
  i agree , but i can see how they might disagree how the european defense union develops or the underlying principles on it . 
  mate we only entered in 1986 with spain . 
  in fact joining the eu was one of the big achievements of post dictatorship portugal . 
  we could n't join we did n't fulfill basic requirements like be democratic or uphold rule of law . 
  what ? 
  we 're probably one of the most democratic and stable countries in the planet . 
  one of their main ideological points is being against militarism . 
   yeah but which countries are actually trying to lower their debt ratio aside from germany ? 
  the 60 % ratio is not fulfilled by most countries , only luxembourg , denmark and sweden do it in western europe along with the baltics , poland , romania , bulgaria and slovakia in the east . 
  pretty much everyone . 
  italy , portugal , greece and spain too . 
   you are increasing the risk and interest rates for norhtern europe while lowering it for the south . 
  the eu countries are also not in aligned fiscal cycles . 
  we ca n't have common currency if there is n't convergence , that defeats why supposedly the euro was even created . 
   it is always easy to be generous with other peoples money . 
  what concessions are on the table for such haircuts ? 
  more integration . 
  but i argue that this should n't even be a negotiation just assessing realistically the situation . 
  because if another crisis comes in and italian banks blow up we can say arrivederci to the euro . 
   the high value of the euro decreases the competitiveness of your industries ( and therefore increases unemployment ) , but it increases the wealth of every citizens ( you are paying less for import goods or traveling to other countries ) . 
  that 's if you have an economy capable . 
  most people do n't go travelling or import extra-eu products . 
  if our economy is in the shitter the benefits of the euro do n't offset its negative affects . 
   in the long run there is only the choice between radical economic reforms and a dissolution of the eurozone . 
  or you can transform the euro in integrated currency where it works for all the members . 
   eurobonds effectively amount to a transfer union . 
  it is also a very lopsided idea in terms of who benefits from that . 
  only if you view sharing risk as transfers . 
  but then again the euro has to work for everyone not just the northern countries . 
   it would basically mean that it makes lending cheaper for southern european countries on the assumption that the northern states pay if things do n't go well , but we have no influence on how much and on what money gets spent . 
  oh and it will also mean that interest rates on government bonds will rise . 
  not necessarily , most proponents of eurobonds defend them coupled within the limits of 60 % on public debt . 
  so we could pay less interest for debt and still trying to lower debt to 60 % . 
  now if the various debts are disguised in a eurobond way , investors do n't know if they 're investing in greek or german bonds . 
  risking in the whole eurozone is much safer if you have the institutional backing of the ecb to prevent more contagion of cyclical crisis . 
   also what is pragmatic action even supposed to mean ? 
  you ca n't give a haircut or you will have other countries asking for it and you ca n't just expect northern countries to finance much higher deficit spending the current path is not level headed . 
  by being pragmatic means we all have to accept that in order for greece and other indebted countries to grow and be pay back whatever we can recover we have to have haircuts . 
  of course this all goes against the german mindset of transforming economics in moral and cultural problems . 
  that has been one of the benefits of the euro but then again the value of the euro is too high for certain industries before it . 
  in the end one of the reasons we had to have a bailout was the euro , not being able to devalue our currency . 
  now we must adress the problems of the incomplete euro structure until another crisis blews the thing up . 
  it 's not a transfer union , is sharing risk . 
  having a common currency without a common treasury leaves us in the strange position of having winners and losers . 
  while the periphery pays 4-7 % for bonds the germans pay negative interest , that 's not sustainable . 
  we 're already in a political union . 
  although i agree we should deepen and democratize the union . 
  but i 'm not even hoping for a transfer union to stop the crisis , simpler things like the emission of eurobonds and pragmatic action on greece . 
  they do n't have a common stance right now . 
  [ check 03:20 ] ( http://www.greens-efa.eu/98-weekly-overview.html= ) . 
  this week they 're more focused on trying to get ceta to the ecj , dieselgate and the code of conduct . 
  but as things stand we do n't even know when the uk breaks away , so it 's normal that british meps vote and act in what they think works best for their electorate in a eu britain . 
  although there has been a push by non uk meps to have uk meps stand down as chairs and rapporteurs in commitees and hearings . 
   the eurosceptic movement is a hoax to serve domestic agendas and to infiltrate and sabotage the eu , it 's not a popular movement ... do n't be silly , of course it 's a popular movement see what 's been happening in european elections for the past 5 years . 
  not more than groups like enf or efdd . 
  the uk is still part of the eu so they have every right to vote . 
  no worries !, 
  no , they represent those who elected them . 
  in practice they usually vote according to their national party line or the ep group . 
  but it 's not unusual for meps to vote according to their opinion , as fortunately the ep does n't have party whips . 
  what countries ? 
  meps voted not states . 
   european idea in germany he 's a big proponent of the german idea in europe . 
  you wo n't hear him talking about finishing the banking union , correcting the structural errors of the euro or more democratic oversight over european institutions . 
  did n't venstre have problems getting the budget to pass ? 
  something about taxes for high earners and the liberals threatening to reject . 
  you 're the fool if you think the eu is perfect and any criticism to it is based on stupidity .
