  the islamic state wont give up if they lose raqqa . 
  it 's a decrentralized terrorist group not a proper state where you can march , capture the capital and declare mission acomplished . 
  do n't you understand that it 's practically impossible to completely destroy a terrorist network like al-qaeda or isis ? 
  they are not limited by terrain , every place is a possible battleground . 
  this is n't like you capture raqqa and it 's done . 
  no , it will take decades . 
  i liked the palast der republik , it could 've been a conference center . 
  damn that 's a really ignorant comment . 
  thanks !, 
  care to post the article here ? 
  i can only think of diplomatic pressure or incentives , political and monetary . 
  as we are seeing in romania the move for a strong anti corruption campaign is to provide framework ( in romania 's case european regulation ) , and political willingness . 
  the ypg really just want autonomy , a united syria and eradicate isis . 
   the good he did was so much more than the bad . 
  do n't know about that . 
   no one is perfect , and if you judge him by todays eyes he 's going to be a bit `` bad '' . . of course but i think it 's childish to call him badass as if we only was an `` enlighted despot '' and not a machiavellian mastermind . 
   he went against the interests of the few for the greater good now about this i ca n't agree : he murdered the t\u00e1voras solely due to their political animosity ; while he weakened the inquisition he turned it in a state instrument to go after those who were `` against the state '' ; and even the expulsion of the jesuits was more due to a fanatic thinking that the jesuits were against innovation and the state :  a expuls\u00e3o dos jesu\u00edtas representou um desastre sem igual na educa\u00e7\u00e3o em portugal . 
  he even went against the enlightment ideals so far as censuring diderot , rousseau , voltaire or la fontaine !, 
  eram de tambiques e colma\u00e7adas as casas . 
  i do n't see how was the marquis of pombal `` badass '' at all . 
  he was the dictator of the country , for the good and the bad . 
  no , it 's the imf , ecb and the european comission . 
   uk does not agree with this approach to life . 
  yeah and that 's been working great so far . 
  even if you have some progress in your demands , the uk is far more powerfull than slovakia and a couple other eastern european members . 
  i 'm not a great fan of rap or hip pop but some of my friends are and as such i 've listened to probably the most popular rappers in portugal . 
  themes : poverty racism police brutality troika international scene ( usa , israel , angola ... ) the government ( and the status quo of the state ) emigration crime, 
  we also have similar legislation and so far it has been a success regarding schooling . 
  to integrate the roma you need a really long term plan where every small step counts . 
  some of them do live in a hole underground : http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/gallery-item/life-underground, 
  the state of roma in europe is abysmal , due to both internal and external problems of the community . 
  anyway last month i heard a great bbc podcast about roma in eastern europe : http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p035163k . 
  most of the problems of the roma community have not changed much but at least some progress has been made . 
  strange i start from the lower half . 
  no , benelux is supranational as the nordic council . 
  in belgium you have : federal parliament wallon '' flemish '' german speaking '' french speaking '' brussel community '', 
  6 i think . 
  i do n't understand the deal with regions , is there a proposal to some sort of regionalisation ? 
  i too do n't agree with most of the path of permanent austerity but it 's naive to say deficits do n't matter . 
  nice , can you understand papiamentu ? 
  dunno , it 's just a very peculiar location . 
  how did you end up there ? 
  tell that to us and the greeks . 
  wait are you really living in cura\u00e7ao ? 
  the article 's photo says everything . 
   the french he was belgian . 
  oh im just referring to the people of caxinas due to their historic past of viking raids and fishing trips to nova scotia and scandinavia . 
  f\u00e1bio ceontr\u00e3os 's blondeness is supposedly atribuited to the x century viking colony in caxinas , vila do conde . 
  terras de bouro , gondomar and trofa for germanic place names . 
  if your conception of a great democracy is the athenian where only men could vote while 80 % or more of the population didnt have a say then your perception is * slightly * incorrect . 
   stupid question , but how will this work concerning businesses ? 
  they 'll probably make an exception for them . 
  when paris also decided to be a carless city for a day , deliveries lorries and other businesses were n't included in the ban . 
  strange . 
  in most countries it requires 2/3 of the parliament . 
  how much deputies does akp need to change the constitution ? 
  we usually only commemorate in saint martin 's day , 11th of november . 
  no need to use pigs , it 's just bad taste . 
  i am portuguese you do n't have to continue your parade of edgy memes about my nationality . 
  what i meant with what i wrote is that if moldova is ceded to romania by that logic so is eastern latvia ceded to russia or lithuania to poland . 
  just because a larger nation shares most of the cultural and ethnic aspects of a smaller one it does not mean the small country is to be annexed by the larger one . 
  just like eastern latvia is ceded to russia or lithuania is ceded to poland . 
   can any romanians provide input ? 
  do n't you mean moldavians ? 
  so is it a joke , a russian funded group or an independent council ? 
  5th line :  the habsburg king was the only element of connection between the multiple kingdoms and territories . 
  the governments , institutions , and legal traditions of each kingdom remained independent of each other . 
  [ 3 ] however , portugal ultimately answered to the king , as did his other states and possessions in the iberian peninsula and elsewhere . 
  the electorate is 90 % for the eu . 
  just because nigel tries to twist any european news to his own gain it doesnt mean is true . 
  you do know there 's is n't a left coalition yet dont you ? 
  plus who won gets to try to make a goverment as tradition and as the constitution is mostly interpreted . 
  yeah right, 
  why ca n't british eurosceptics just stop using our electoral results as a result of the big bad eu ? 
  only one party is against it and got 9 % . 
  it 's you who dont seem to have understood . 
  the president is right in appointing the winning coalition . 
  wow . 
  how can you say that with a straight face ? 
  right wing nationalist populist party not far right nationalist . 
  go ahead and point me where abroad is fado popular . 
  actually they 're just helping hungary . 
  they left the border of their embassy without a fence . 
  ukelele , custard tarts , grilled chicken , a ton of other foods , tea drinking in britain and christianity . 
  it did n't happen nor it will in the foreseen future . 
  it 's against the constitution so unless psoe and some sort of coalition tries to reform the autonomic statutes to a more federal state , catalonia will never be a proper state . 
   but it is obviously against human nature so it 's human nature to be egotisic and not share things ? 
   and maybe improve the computer system a bit . 
  this is such a great example of the state of the country : every hospital has different sofwares , it 's laggy and most of the staff do n't know how to properly use it . 
  nope , too big , too poor , too destabilized , too eastern . 
  belarus and ukraine are the ultimate red line for russia . 
  we already pushed the limit when every former warsaw pact country got nato membership let 's tread carefully now . 
  it was bound to happen : nato opened the pandora box of self determination when it gave kosovo its independence . 
  what i meant was that french is more used as a native language in luxembourg than english . 
  practically every country in europe teaches english at least at high school level . 
  italian , spanish , marseillese , deutschlied , brazil and the best of all ... gdr !, 
  unless you have been living under a rock for all your life i think you know the answer, 
   english is already taught and spoken everywhere . \u00b4 not in france , wallonia , french part of switzerland and in luxembourg sure english is the de facto lingua franca of the world but let 's not imagine only english is useful . 
  i do n't think so . 
  from what i 've read on the subject this whole reorganization also included the revamp of the communes but political pressure from local and national polticians excluded them .
