  kids do n't go to school , the camps are underfunded and in turkey syrians are n't given the status of refugee . 
  what i take from this is that ben garrison is missing prussia . 
  we rarely reach minus temperatures ( at least in the coast where the majority lives ) . 
  in some highlands you might see snow and maybe -3 \u00bac but apart from them we have shitty winter . 
  here ? 
  our temperatures are mild compared to the rest of europe but still we 're not prepared to deal even with anything less than 8\u00bac . 
  most homes do n't have good indoor insulation and internal heating is rare . 
  regarding flus it can be tricky as the weather changes overnight , so one day it can be rainy with 10\u00bac and the next day sunny 18\u00bac . 
  that 's why lyons are extinct in europe . 
  : that and overhunting for roman games . 
  try wikipedia, 
  the title is wrong . 
  the first democratically elected president since the 25th of april revolution was [ gen.ramalho eanes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ant%c3%b3nio_ramalho_eanes ) . 
  m\u00e1rio soares was the second elected in the post revolution regime . 
  ah from soros foundation supported boy to wannabee russian autocrat . 
   the european union member will use `` all the tools at its disposal '' to `` sweep out '' ngos funded by the hungarian-born financier , which `` serve global capitalists and back political correctness over national governments , '' szilard nemeth , a vice president of the ruling fidesz party , told reporters on tuesday . 
  there 's nothing more politically incorrect than starting politically motivated persecution to ngos . 
  a brave new world where the fight against `` global capitalists '' ( jeez where did i heard that before ? ), 
  begins with abolition of basic values of the rechtsstaat . 
  the same with the portuguese communist party , they only take home the salary they previously recieved before being a mp the rest goes to the party . 
  most people who find themselves agreeing with the national conservatives have the tendency to label themselves as `` left-wing '' for some reason . 
  maybe it 's because of the left 's supposed `` honest '' appeal . 
  so a supposed aznar 's party would defend what ? 
  would they be even more right wing than pp ? 
   what really unites razem and syriza is that they are left wing populist . 
  from what i 've read , heard and seen of both parties that 's just not true . 
  razem ( at least to a foreigner ) does not has the same discourse that podemos has when they talk about the `` casta '' and other truly populistic tirades . 
  in the last 15ish years western social democrats have driften more and more to the right . 
  spd 's agenda 2010 , third way and related policies . 
  did n't the danish social democrats cut on social services like venstre would 've done ? 
  if you compare mitterrand 's or olof palme policies to today 's soc-dems they 'll probably be closer to `` far left '' parties like razem or syriza . 
  how come ? 
  they are a true social-democrat party . 
  https://twitter.com/gruene_europa/status/818105872777969667 basically they 're anti-european and m5s is the epitome of shady internal democracy . 
  liberal in the sense of the democratic model , as in parliamentary democracy . 
  oh dont think that alde is better : they manage to get spanish pro-independence parties like pnv or cdc while having the staunchly unionist c 's ; corrupt eastern `` liberal '' parties ( like the turkish from bulgaria or alde from romania ) ; social conservatives like ano 2011 and agrarian parties and much more . 
  i remember how they even welcomed a portuguese populist conservative so they could bolster their numbers . 
  go ahead and check what 's happening for the next podemos congress . 
  is the president resisting or will he cave ? 
  anyway [ here 's the link ] ( http://www.beppegrillo.it/m/2017/01/votazione_online_il_gruppo_politico_europeo_del_movimento_5_stelle.html ) to beppe grillo 's blog ( and at the same time the official website of m5s ) . 
  it 's truly remarkable how the `` grillini '' are capable of showing their never ending ideological schizophrenia every 2 years or so . 
  they might end up like podemos that currently is in a state of civil war between the more populistic and almost cult-like faction of pablo iglesias and the `` errejonist '' faction that 's more moderate and prone to a possible understanding with psoe . 
  if alde accepts m5s then it 's the ultimate test how it 's the euparl equivalent of an attention whore . 
  the average portuguese ? 
  looks up on him as probably the biggest political figure of the democratization of portugal after the revolution , managed to present an leftist liberal democratic alternative and key in getting the country in the european union . 
  of course online those who make the biggest fuss are the ones who were against him . 
   you have slammed my proposal without offering any better one . 
  i do n't have to , i 'm not a politician . 
   there is nothing inhumane about offering refugees a safe place to live in where they get fed and medicated until their asylum request has been approved of . 
  i would n't use the term inhumane but certainly disregard for human rights as the right to asylum and refugee status would be limited . 
  locking up thousands of refugees in camps scattered in the mediterranean even at the pretense of `` processing their requests '' is truly an amusing euphemism . 
  we all know how refugee camps throughout the world and even in europe ( let us think about tempelhof airport in berlin or the underfunded camps in greece ) end up when the response is stalled either by logistics or political reasons ( in the scenario proposed there would n't be a push for more resources or conditions for refugees by more right-nationalist public ) . 
  in fact it 's situations like this that made the breaking point happen , and today we 're reaping the meagre investment in this front . 
  we have to cultivate refugee conditions in line with the values that supposedly we all uphold , not by shoving them out of our sight in a far away camp but by making concrete efforts to spread the burden among the member states . 
  i do n't have neither the skills nor the ability to propose a migration overhaul . 
  to me respect for human rights , european values ( as enshrined in the various treaties and charters ) and a more united european approach should be the line of the actions of europe . 
  of course with this i do n't have a feelgood sensation of being enlightened , the decisionmakers stupid or refugees as a horde of barbarians at the gates . 
  emotion to those who are always so angry . 
  of course your line of thinking would end up in bullying and complete disrespect for member states . 
  this nonsense of `` australian '' miracle cure is nothing more than deflecting european discoordination by shoving the `` others '' to the poor and unimportant periphery , be it a full member state like malta and greece or the northern african states . 
   on a more serious note , there are plenty of greek islands that are ideal as refugee camps . 
  do you take in account the opinion of greeks or is this just another cheap tirade ? 
  it 's easy and appeals to emotion . 
  when this kind of proposal is thrown in public debate legality and other serious subjects are n't taken in consideration . 
  the austrian fm is simply appealing to the right nationalist electorate that drifted to fp\u00d6 . 
  ah you 're right i had the impression the electoral college was for other stuff . 
  i mean it would be the same as the commission , the only thing that changes is the name . 
   i agree on principle , but do we really have the knowledge to understand the good and the bad of such text ? 
  you can apply that to all elections , referendums et al. 
   what if we put it to a vote , but one country shuts it down because reasons . 
  ideally you 'd have the vote be eu-wide , to pass it would need a supra-majority across the eu . 
  this would also prove to smaller countries that they matter imo . 
  absolutely not , that would be undemocratic , against the principles that said constitution would defend ( proportionality and respect for national input ) . 
  it would only exacerbate and corrupt the entire process . 
  if you want a constitution you better be ready to accept a referendum . 
  i do n't believe that a constituent assembly is enough to give the legitimacy that ultimately it needs . 
  i too am for a more united and federal europe but drastic changes like a eu constitution or even the euro were n't made with a clear defined roadmap . 
  in the current eu framework there are plenty of small steps that can enhance the eu visibility , transparency and popular support . 
  i think it 's less , about 45 % or so . 
  the worst time possible for such renewed endeavour . 
  not really , if you check the regular eurostat findings on european opinions you 'll find how in many aspects a majority of europeans are for a more federalized eu . 
  ten years late to the letdown . 
  do n't know . 
  the s&d candidate pitella has been somewhat adamant about breaking the grand coalition . 
  i 'm still skeptical if it 's more than a show but i would n't be surprised if after some stalled votings there is n't a more united front of greens , soc-dems and liberals . 
  fuck me you 're right . 
  sorry about that . 
  boy are you guys needy . 
  ideally melenchon and macron should 've entered the left primaries so that at least the center and left could get an unified candidate . 
  then again melenchon is rightfully pissed about what happened with hollande and macron wants to appear independent , centrist and `` reformist '' . 
  what 's the general consensus for the next electoral law ? 
  because back then we were at the same level romania is now . 
  the big break for economic growth can be attributed to china and india joining the wto , the eastern enlargement , the euro but most importantly the failure to update our economic model . 
  i seriously doubt that rioja or murcia have any sort of independence movement going on . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr9gz4rwyw4 ), 
  is there any push for a united center-right and centrist alliance ( with the exception of forza italia and more conservative partis ) ? 
  what backbone ? 
  have you ever read the kind of shit they 've been putting on the two state solution for the last 30 years ? 
   in ca driver licence is handed out to illegals and they can use it to register for vote . 
  i know to an european its incomprehensible , but that 's the status in us .
