  i know that she was probably trying to sell them some sort of calendar or such . 
  it would be more of a `` we 're not interested '' . 
  the first time i commented i did n't notice it was with a newspaper . 
  still it was too much for what she was doing as she had n't been confronted . 
  when replying with `` no '' the girl would be sort of harassing the tourists , so a slight newspaper punch would act as a defense by the old guy . 
  then it 's justified . 
  yeah i was referring to that . 
  but i know that the plans were from the days of the weimar republic . 
  they began the autobahn in the 30s tho . 
  my point is that it was germany who agreed . 
  and i do n't think russia will ever mess with germany . 
  it 's still unnecessary violence . 
  he could 've just yelled at her to go away . 
  for fuck sake . 
  they are trying to do it . 
  althought those are one of the main sources of the bailout , it 's not them who directly caused this whole debacle of the greek economy . 
  it was the way the problem is being `` fixed '' . 
  poor bastard ? 
  he hit a girl who never did nothing to him because of her ethnicity and social upbringing . 
  edit : wow i really look like a sjw with this phrase . 
  anyway i just think it was too harsh to hit her right away . 
   they got called out for that several times by germany and other eu representatives . 
  we are not discussing france here no ? 
  since that comparison really lacks ground . 
  it was you who went for spain and italy . 
   my point is they should focus on problems within greece which are urgent instead of trying stuff like this which wo n't work anyway . 
  who says they are n't ? 
  you the citizen of another country whose only news of greece are via newspapers or any other form of media ? 
   really does n't feel that way sorry . 
  nothing has changed since the election . 
  yeah because you went to greece to make a pool on the entire population , right ? 
   the problem is they are trying to finance this through other nations instead of making their own economy viable first . 
  it 's a-ok to take money to make change work but if you do n't even submit viable options why would anyone trust you . 
  especially when you fall into making ridiculous reparation claims . 
  how do you want them to make their economy viable again ? 
  raze the whole thing and build the country from scratch ? 
  if you can them billions to pay banks back , you might as well give them better conditions to pay you back . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_romania  i highly doubt the gypsies were in worse situation than serfs , but for some reason serfs , after serfdom was abolished , easily integrated in the societies living in cities or continued farming . 
  they were slaves , no rights . 
  at least serfs had rights and property . 
  and of course gypsies did n't integrate . 
  they were foreign , at the same level as a dog . 
  they lived in closed communities . 
  there were very few attempts to actively integrate gypsies in society . 
   whatever way of life your people had 500 years ago , has absolutely no meaning in modern day europe . 
  brining it up now is simply laughable if not outright stupid . 
  what a second ... for standing up for a group of people who were and still are hated i must be one of them ? 
  fuck your stupid xenophobic attitude . 
  if you ca n't debate without resourcing to ad hominem attacks then your point of view is already very clear . 
   because those countries have to fulfill austerity programs just like the one greece has . 
  it 's one thing having leverage against little countries like portugal or greece ; it 's an entirely different thing to demand it to the big boys . 
  look at france , they also need to fix their deficit but do they welcome brussels and berlin to tell them what to do ? 
   by coming up with ridiculous reparation claims instead of working on inner political issues like tax evasion and corruption . 
  this whole thing about reparations has nothing to deal with the financial programme . 
  yeah it 's kinda of a scapegoat for syriza but it wo n't make any difference to the greek financial situation . 
  the greek government is working in tax evasion . 
  you ca n't demand deep ingrained cultural traditions to disappear in a couple of months . 
  in the most optimistic view it can take at least 3 years . 
   that 's exactly the point we are spinning in circles here . 
  greece blames austerity the euro group blames internal problems of greece . 
  maybe theres some truth in both but to completely neglect problems within the country wont change a thing and will make things worse . 
  think for yourself how did greece end up in this situation in the first place ? 
  certainly not by austerity since that came up when greece was already practically bankrupt . 
  again the greeks know better than anyone why they are in today 's position.only a few are stupid enough to think that it 's the eurozone 's and germany 's fault . 
  greeks are only trying to go with a more reasonable approach to their economical problems . 
  so far slashing public spending has only achieved success in the financial shape of the greek estate . 
  poverty is abysmal . 
  there are malnourished children . 
  hundreds of thousand do n't have heat , electricity or medical aid . 
  emmigration is in the hundreds of thousands too . 
  what is the problem for greek government trying the best for it 's people ? 
   then why didnt syriza come up with a solid plan to work on those problems yet ? 
  thats what the eu asked them to do and none of the eu officials were pleased with the fact that syriza barely touched those problems but instead insist on ridiculous reparation claims . 
  syriza offered to negotiate an equally beneficial agreement with the eurozone . 
  they still bought time but it could 've been much better . 
  we 'll see how they come out in a few weeks, 
   when does the state of a territory go from `` occupied '' to `` rightfully ours '' ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but this case is a middle ground . 
  germany accepted the new borders . 
  there are very few germans left . 
   yes it is . 
  because greece is in no way more special than spain and italy . 
  if greece stays the way it is the eurozone will never recover because we 're pumping money into a black hole . 
  the change needs to happen in greece and not in germany . 
  he 's not arguing for special treatment for the greeks . 
  and i do n't understant why did you choose to compare greece to italy or spain , the 4th and 5th biggest economies in the eu . 
  neither of them has a state aid bailout plan . 
  the greek government is trying to shift the eurozone 's financial direction to a more growth oriented and with less emphasis in austerity which has only made things worst in all aspects ( with the exception of the greek state 's liquidity ) . 
   nope you do not . 
  but blaming austerity is like blaming a symptom and not the disease . 
  maybe you should work on the root of the problem and not the affects of the disease . 
  but the treatment is killing the patient !, 
  nobody is denying the greek structural problems , like tax evasion or corruption . 
  gypsies are in europe for at least 500 hundred years . 
  the problem for gypsies is that they were n't even treated like a part of society , they were slaves . 
  ah you 're right . 
  my brain went directly in stereotype mode . 
  yeah because german media has been super neutral since the greek bailout . 
  it 's no longer german .
