  only if we consider center-right wing parties as `` center '' . 
  eh it 's not like it it 's a brand new thing . 
  lionel jospin had the gauche plurielle . 
  well to be fair who cares about wannabee texans . 
  mate this shit goes back to when the sub was 30,000 subs . 
  it 's tiring to get the same refugee bashing shit , the daily polls on france/germany or what russia/trump fucked up last hour . 
  goddam those soviets were playing us for the last 70 years . 
  i suppose the collapse of the soviet empire was nothing more than a ruse . 
  a month ago there was also a delegation from the dutch pvda , a party who will be reduced to a quarter of its seats . 
  same with [ mirandese ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/img/24/2310/640/1220.jpg ) . 
  * woosh *, 
  is n't toulon a fn bastion ? 
  with the kind of politics hungary has at the moment it is n't very far from the eastern european stereotype . 
  this kind of `` national projects '' are quite the symbol that illiberal regimes need to be `` accepted '' in the international arena . 
  what city elections ? 
  could you expand please ? 
  yes i think officially pvv only has 2 members : wilders and the partie 's think-tank . 
   edit : however i 've seen that our parliament have to vote for or against ceta . 
  what would happen if we vote against ? 
  ceta everywhere in eu except france ? 
  back to the negotiating table i suppose . 
  i do n't think i 've ever read portugal or spain as anti-trade countries . 
  people fail to understand that although leftists are a considerable chunk of our political life they are n't more than 20 % ( surprisingly the same range in both portugal and spain ) . 
  it 's not transgender friendly when it 's supposed support derives from chopping penises or forced sex change . 
  is the new go to buzzword in reddit . 
  portuguese colonial churches are quite interesting . 
  wallonia only got a voting about ceta due to belgium 's convoluted federal structure . 
  in all other member states parliament was enough . 
  i agree , but small advances are better than anything . 
  to have national leaders face the same responsibility of commission is good for not having a brussels scapegoat rethoric . 
  indeed that 's why i want the president of the commission to have a higher input on what happens in council . 
  instead of having a glorified spokesman i 'd rather have the council and commission clash and compromise . 
  wow great news !, 
  i 'm ready to be disappointed when council turns this proposals down at next meeting . 
  you also have him as a eu representative , he 's talking for all of the union . 
  states arent companies nor households . 
  most developed countries left having a surplus in the 1980s , it 's pure idiocy to revert back to those times . 
  we dont need to a superstate to have a realistic and sustainable monetary policy , if we can have the eu as an mix of a supranational and a pseudo federation then i do n't see the big problem in turning for example the esm as a euro treasury . 
  qe is n't eurobonds although it accomplishes the minimum needed for a short term solution . 
  either the continued access to qe or the euro will fail . 
  you just need italy to have a serious banking problem , rising debt bond rates and the story writes itself . 
   being against quantitative easing is n't a liberal position at all . 
  that well not here in europe , alde is quite strict about the eurozone . 
  if i 'm not mistaken it 's parties like vvd , fdp , venstre or the finnish liberals from kaitanen who were adamant about the bailouts . 
  the guy said he 'd do everything possible to defend the euro , qe is that . 
  eh of all the presidential jobs in the eu architecture being president of the council is by far the most useless . 
  i 'd rather have the post abolished and have the commission president as a more central figure . 
  about tusk i 'm not a fan , let him go to poland and bring down pis . 
  well almost all our historic narrative is about us getting our empire , beginning the transatlantic slave trade and blasting everything in the indian sea . 
  even todays there are people here that look back at the colonies as the golden years ( well it was but for the white colonists ) . 
  now that just stupid . 
  budget deficits are n't the problem , the economy is . 
  doing that is disastrous ( as greece has been showing ) . 
  that but the official answer is comprehensible , there was n't an unanimous decision on the electoral reform committee . 
  it 's counterproductive when fn conception 's of `` natives '' excludes tons of french nationals and integrated immigrant communities . 
  that 's why they have token alt-right supporters like milo yablabla or florian philippot . 
  it 's the cheap argument of `` i ca n't be racist i have a black friend '' . 
  that 's basically what happens in most of europe ( at least in western and southern countries ) . 
  i think the ussr had clauses in that regard . 
   any grouping of political parties is entitled to eu funds if they represent at least seven member countries , `` contribute to forming a european awareness '' and respect the principles of `` liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law . ''  herv\u00e9 van laethem , leader of the far-right belgian party nation and a board member of the alliance of peace and freedom , said the group meets those requirements , though possibly not quite in the way they were intended . 
  this article is full of gems . 
   in an attempt to tighten the screws on the far right group , the leaders of four political groups in the european parliament last year launched an investigation into the alliance over concerns that parliament cash had been spent on a far-right conference in stockholm last year which included anti-semitic songs . 
  ( the group 's defense was that they were sung as a joke ) . 
  that investigation is ongoing . 
  it 's just a joke bruh !, 
   attempting to demonstrate that the alliance is n't racist , fiore cited a visit to syria in 2016 to meet with members of president bashar al-assad 's government as evidence that the group respects muslims , arabs and `` all the people in the world . '' i have a muslim friend i ca n't be racist . 
   griffin 's subject matter includes the video game angry birds containing hidden messages about `` unmistakably islamist '' villains and the risks to swedish milkmaids of being sexually assaulted by muslim refugees . 
  one of the `` tags '' displayed at the bottom of the latter page is `` white genocide . '', 
  as in having most of the big decision being made in the council without any scrutiny nor representation for those who did n't vote for their head of state . 
  there 's also the bureaucratic aspect of having technocrats deciding in highly political subjects . 
   i think all countries should follow portugal 's example and decriminalize all drugs . 
  people should understand that we only adopted this policy due to the enormous drug crisis back then . 
  in a normal context it probably would n't pass . 
   please be honest !, 
  southern europeans have been keen on introducing the euro because it brought them much more wealth and stability than their former currencies . 
  sure , but that 's the perception not the actual result ( on wealth ) . 
   the rising unemployment is just the other side of the coin because in this progress you have also been becoming too expensive . 
  there are tons of reasons why we are at the current state , saying we 're too `` expensive '' ( as in demanding living wages and decent living standards i suppose ) is an easy way out . 
  it would be more truthfully in saying that it was the germans that became too `` cheap '' due to the wage compression . 
   a transfer union would only be justified in a real federation and the eurozone is still very far from that . 
  otherwise it is undemocratic : no taxation without representation , you know !, 
  i agree !, 
  that 's why i see this piketty proposal as a good alternative , to have national parliaments give democratic representation enables getting fair and measured representation to all eurozone members . 
  instead of council 's backroom deals we should have a transparent assembly . 
  i 'm on the side of either a weaker euro or to acknowledge the limitations of the shared currency , to that it would need some reforms . 
   furthemroe germans are getting poorer ( for example while travelling ) through the weaker currency . 
  yeah it 's like the rest is n't paying the price of strength of the euro for close to 15 years now . 
   countries do n't get to cry that their goal of hamstringing germany failed to work . 
  yeah that 's exactly the masterplan of the southern endebted union or the french nowadays . 
  peter navarro just stated the obvious . 
   now those same countries that forced it into the euro are mad at germany for making a success of it , claiming it is somehow exploiting the other countries instead of being the one exploited ? 
  you do n't have to be a genius to understand that germany benefits immensely of having the euro low compared to what the mark would be . 
  in that point pete navarro was right but then again anyone with a functioning brain understands it . 
  great answer , thanks a lot !, 
  interesting how the justice minister is himself of portuguese ancestry ( i wonder if he also has portuguese citizenship ) . 
  then again relying in rosatom bring us to the same problem with buying russian gas . 
  there is political and economic pressure to bypass safety regulation in order to expand unsafe and unprepared nuclear plants for yet another 20 years . 
  it 's all fun and games until you have rivers with dangerous safety conditions , entrenched corruption and obsolete technology . 
  exactly and in the last decade the conservatives benefited from having their social-democratic opponents deteriorate . 
  yeah of course everyone in porto has to have the same opinion .
