  sorry we dont have the monies :(, 
  it 's one of the royal seals from the middle ages . 
  you can read portugal in the interior of the crest . 
  portugal . 
  i dont understand why so much reverence to a fast food chain . 
  but would n't it be much better to have mods making threads and sticking them ? 
  did you contacted the mods ? 
  a pint for the girl . 
  nothing better to stop bad feelings than a slight booze . 
  yeah i know . 
  we really dont have a strong general opinion in this subject . 
  part of us think catalonia wants independence to stop fiscal transfers to poorer comunidads while some think catatonians should seccede . 
  anyway almost everyone is for a referendum if theres enough support . 
  yeah but you dont have a troika that closes the money drain when you do something that doesnt go with their line of thinking . 
  wait arent you in asia ? 
  its like romania is not constrained by foreign institutions . 
  the barbarians adopted roman costumes and the two culturas mixed . 
   you have one opinion , and i have another . 
  i do think op was right , a lot of portuguese will be angry if greece gets pardons and stimulus which we do not . 
  not fair . 
  ok i respect that . 
  i too think it would n't be fair but from a pragmatic perspective there 's no way that an haircut would happen without portuguese and irish demands of also having a debt restruction . 
   on twitter people are putting up a queue for a charity soup kitchen in porto ( in winter , a couple winters ago iirc ) , as some kind of example of something . 
  i know that case . 
  near hospital santo ant\u00f3nio and rua j\u00falio dinis where about 6 homeless people sleep on the street . 
  do n't come with suffering olympics or we 'll have 4 different replies from eastern europeans saying how worse their situation is . 
   if greece was pardoned and us still paying and not demand precisely the same , oh the conversations i would hear about that ... 
  the demonstrations , the newspaper pages ... 
  demonstrations ? 
  in this country ? 
  we only have manifs due to union strikes or from the people who lost their money in bes . 
  the newsparers can write whatever they like but no one in this country will ever protest against greece . 
  if any it will be to our government . 
   no , they have not `` always '' been in a much worse situation than us , their minimum wages used to be twice ours , their average pensions 3 or 4 ( or more ) times ours , their gdp used to be higher than ours ( and is pretty damn close even now ) . 
  i was not refering 10 years ago . 
  more like 4-3 years ago when the bailouts began . 
   more austere plan i don \u00b4 t know , yeah sure our austerity was equal as theirs . 
  they lost 30 % of gdp , we lost about 8 % . 
  they have a humanitarian crisis much worse than ours . 
  i doubt many portuguese would be angry . 
  greece has always been in a much worse situation than us either due to their more austere plan or their previous situation . 
  yeah we should all sell strategic companies like the power grid , the lucrative post offices or the multimilion national lottery . 
  yeah but you have a big strong economy . 
  you can afford to piss the germans a bit as you are their gateway to exportation . 
  caesar needs a wheelchair tho . 
  then why doesnt she tells shauble to shut up about grexit every single day ? 
  sh\u00e4uble has the support of the vast majority of the german people , the cdu and even spd . 
  in the end it will be the german and anti greek side that will give the euro it 's death sentence . 
  yeah because after grexit both the eu and greece will become stable for years to come . 
  finally hollande shows some balls in the european stage . 
  nah because europeans already knew about cipago ( japan ) since the 13th century . 
  colombus tought he arrived at cipago when he stumbled on hispaniola . 
  you can always not read the french part . 
  was n't warsaw razed to the ground after the uprising ? 
  probably not a pun but poortugal is pretty much our situation regarding other non warsaw pact countries in europe . 
  `` c'mon guys we 're having this discussion for at least 4 years . 
  why ca n't you just fix your stuff once ? '', 
  yeap but there was n't referendoums or anything . 
  the new revolucionary junta did n't want the hassle of the colonies so we gave it to some of the indigenous parties . 
  portugal 's position is whatever the german one is . 
  we have been the `` obedient boy '' by doing '' our homework '' . 
  if mutti reassures we wont be affected the prime minister will obviously adhere to the german stance . 
  height and speed . 
   eat out at hippopotamus living the dream . 
  that restaurant here is quite expensive . 
  yay ? 
  he had a great job being a professor in texas or whatever , why would he put himself in a economic shitter unless he truly wanted to make a change for his country ? 
  oh sure but there has always been hunger even in the heydays growth like in greece in the 2000s or 90 's portugal . 
  there still are people , primarily in eastern and southern europe who find themselves starving to pay their child 's education or buy medicine . 
  the eu line is the same as the german line or as any other country in the eurozone , except greece and maybe france . 
  in the short term : nothing ( non greeks ) . 
  curious as far as i know most portuguese like living in venezuela as they have a lot of money invested in a ton of sectors . 
  the hungarian knows he has the best market . 
  it 's the same with presunto/jam \u00f3n . 
   the greece state has plenty of valuable assets they can sell off . 
  such as ? 
   we ca n't allow starvation back into europe , no matter the cost . 
  that never disappeared . 
   angola bailed out portugal ? 
  the closest thing is the daughter of the angolan president buying companies . 
  plus , angola has been for the last months in bad sheets as most of their state revenue and economy comes from oil . 
   we do not bend and break easily !, 
  but senior citizens do when you beat them just because when they are expressing their democratic rights !, 
  maybe but not here . 
  we dont even have sizable communities of latin americans with the exception of brazilians . 
  we dont have that here . 
  the closest is brazilian evangelical cults and religions . 
  this movement is alligned with the left block i think . 
  im sure that the movement who did this does not give much of a damn about christianity . 
  its still their right to express how they feel about the situation . 
  denying them that right is akin to flawed democracies and undemocratic communities . 
  4.75 concentration camps that include labour and an efficient method of making disappear the troublesome immigrants . 
  it ended because gaddafi was toppled and libyans nowadays are more worried about their own civil war . 
  wow that soo undemocratic . 
  are from golden dawn or something ? 
  there was . 
  the dictatorship only began in 1933 . 
  it 's not mandatory . 
  but as long i 've seen it only a ukrainian user has the patience to translate everyting . 
  the billinguism does not hurt anyone , as long you do n't nitpick about the order of who is first or second .
