  that was on the archaic different modes of voting . 
  i 'm talking campaign wise . 
  i love how trump supporters even venture to other subreddits just to defend the dear leader from criticism . 
  what could i expect from someone who spews shit like this :  what we know about / r/news mods :  they 're complicit in covering up anti-lgbt violence . 
   they 're complicit in whitewashing islamic violence . 
   they 're fascists unfit to be a part of the reddit community and should resign . 
   edit : they also tell people to go kill themselves  / u/suspiciousspecialist has n't even been demodded either . 
  so add that to the list of bullshit the mods here find acceptable . 
  or  oh my god . 
   someone seriously tried lecturing the op about muslim tolerance because as a tourist he had a good time in turkey . 
  fucking seriously . 
   only on fucking reddit would some self-righteous leftist feel he was in a position as a fucking tourist to lecture a native about their own country and its problems . 
   liberals are a meme . 
  or posts in garbadge dumpsters like the redpill or worldnews ? 
  go astroturf elsewhere . 
  the world has different expectation from a one party dictatorship to the democracy of the usa . 
  do n't be obtuse . 
  trump has even been casting doubts on the backbone of american defense and international policy like giving up on nato or let everyone get a nuclear weapon . 
  namely because chinese politics are obviously inexistent to the media . 
  you ca n't even compare the opaque politics of the chinese communist party that of the democratic proccess of america . 
  not the same . 
  other elections were n't embarrasing ( apart from sarah palin ) . 
  romney , mccain or john kerry were totally reasonable and had a moral compass . 
  trump is just a whole new level and it goes to the crux of the negative image americans have abroad . 
  considering that ( at least for a leftist view of the world ) donald trump would be a total game changer in the world order it 's not strange most people and parties outside of the usa have a concerned stance on the american elections . 
  elections in the us affect the whole world . 
  it 's noteworthy how the far right manages to take political terms and then twist them to refer to their ideology . 
  edit : here we go folks : using terms like anti globalism ( namely when the term originated from movement like altermundism ) , dismissing criticism of truly racist , xenophobic , reactionary or misogynist rhetoric as some sort of leftist coverup and much more . 
  even then the final choice is only between two candidates . 
  schultz had a bookshop its not strange that he knows basic european history . 
  not really . 
  if we compare the two centers of the country : lisbon and porto you 'll notice how the prime real estate is in the city center ( chiado , lapa or avenidas novas ) , more modern parts of town ( expo and matosinhos ) or older towns that were included in the growing cities ( like bel\u00e9m or foz ) . 
  we can even see how railroads impacted the way where the wealthy lived like cascais and estoril or the summertowns of gaia along linha do norte ( granja , miramar and aguda ) . 
  the article singles out italy , cyprus and finland and only goes in a bit of depth for italy . 
  whats the problem with the finnish and cypriot budget ? 
  the user above you wasnt adressing you . 
  he 's just mimecking the usual far right points . 
  it 's the spread of misinformation and blatant propaganda . 
  not that far from the way deash acts online . 
  i wo n't bother to explain why it is disgusting as i 'm sure you 'll concern troll but here 's the [ origin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteen_words ) . 
  the majority of migrants in the last months have been afghanis , iraqis and syrians . 
  you can also add eritreans ( not at war but a hardline dictatoship ) , iranians and africans from some places affected by terrorism and roaming warlods . 
  indeed it 's despicable how the eu has been silent about the recent `` illiberal '' policies of pis and fidesz . 
  it 's telling how all of pis and the majority of fidesz meps voted against . 
  and as usual the far-fight votes against ( with m5s clearly showing that they do n't belong in the same group as farage or sd ) , the old school commies too . 
  the big surprise is the majority french lesr ( epp ) voting against . 
  i suppose with the recent demagogic turn to the right by sarkozy they have to take care of their own . 
  ah yes but that 's in geo sense . 
  once they are used as theyve been by / pol / they are . 
  indeed we cant all have good food and nice beachbodies . 
  at least you can still hope for the glorious times of joan d'arc . 
  only in an historical and geographic sense . 
  ive never heard anyone talk about the country like that . 
  we as in the nation . 
  you know what i mean . 
  portugal , we got nazi gold and tons of jewish and european refugees while on their way to the americas . 
  i 'm sorry if reality does n't align with your idealized worldview . 
  considering most of the world still calls the netherlands holland or the uk england i would n't be surprised . 
  another example can be poorly educated americans thinking that in mexico they speak mexican . 
  mate get real . 
  most people do n't give a damn about the correct name of a country , moreover if said country already has a fine name . 
  if you think the rest of population is like reddit then you 're in for a treat . 
  why tough ? 
  most people do n't even remember about czech republic much less the strange czechia . 
  we didnt legalize drugs here . 
  stop with the cargo cult around our drugs policy . 
  apparently no . 
  they seem to be closer to center agrarian parties . 
  so you only base your position in politicians in a couple of subjects ? 
  that reminds me of the smaller nation states who were totally abused by super powers . 
  supposedly they were super independent but in reality they were at the mercy of bigger nations . 
  to rely on the kindness of other states is laughable . 
  i disagree with scrapping indivual veto but in the specific areas like rule of law or rights enshrined in the european charter of human rights the process should be reformulated to prevent this situation where regimes have each others back . 
  to be fair your parlament is elected in the same voting system that of the presidential elections . 
  a sort of refined fptp . 
  our communist party is only far left in rethoric and ideology . 
  they govern a lot of municipalities and never have instituited communes or any real revolutionary actions . 
  constitutional powers arent internal problems . 
  the principle of subsidarity is key to the eu . 
   one is very disciplined and the other is more diverse , mixture of multiple cultures that mash well together . 
  i like europe . 
  you could say that about china and europe . 
  brighton , edinburgh , some italian coastal cities , segovia and a coastal city in northern france . 
   lisbon i did n't notice it . 
  to ensure constituency deputies are voted by the majority of voters . 
  a slight improvement on mmp where usually a plurality is enough to elect a local mp . 
  we just do n't consider western europe as eastern . 
  i 'm talking about our perception of geography . 
  uhm we usually only apply east for the ex-warsaw pact countries . 
  i 'd say the majority of portuguese emigrants still go after high paying countries ( all western europe ) . 
  apparenly there is a small percentage that goes to places like poland , czech republic or even romania ( mostly it as they get much better than here ) . 
   i know a lot of people from different countries all over europe who migrated ( in different ways , europe and even us and australia ) and are happy ( and i 'm not saying they were rich because usually they were n't ) , so please continue to self-pity yourself while other people just find some guts to improve their life . 
  but i never debated that , in fact i look forward to work outside . 
  your problem as well of the other poster is saying that it 's all flowers and butterflies in doing so . 
  a sort of `` pull up your bootstraps '' as if moving out of the country does n't involve a lot of stuff that usually those with few resources can ~ . 
  to bad not all of us poortuguese can find salvation in the jesus 's own country . 
  if only we could hope to move to poland like a dream come true . 
  even here we have eastern europeans . 
  romanians , moldavians , poles , ukrainians , etc, 
  really ?
