  and there are thousands of ukrainians throughout europe , even in portugal ( 50,000 ) . 
   i do n't want a career politician with a phd in political science governing the health care system in my country . 
  why not ? 
  being a minister is having the political responsibility for the assigned portfolio , it 's an inherently political job . 
  after all that 's why almost all defence ministers are n't part of the armed forces as it would be against civil oversight . 
  you can perfectly see films with subtitles in any language , it 's better than dubbing . 
  you 'll have to look it up i only know this because i know someone who had to live like that . 
  a little like exporting services only in this case it 's doctors with restricted rights . 
  yes cubans doctors usually go in humanitarian missions on cuban friendly nations . 
  of course this means almost slavery for those who go . 
  they can reject but in the end is the national gov that has the right to propose the candidate . 
   i do think however that we should abolish the 1-state 1-commissioner rule . 
  the ec president should be able to appoint whoever he thinks is best i agree but i 'm very skeptical the eu establishment would find an option that satisfies all member states , especially the smaller . 
  the alternative to the current situation is to democratize and politicize the eu institutions . 
  in that way the parliament should be the most powerful organization and not the council . 
  why the heck should the commission be made up of technocrats ? 
  if they 're there then they are inherently political , afterall it 's a political job . 
  you would be electing the * national * choice to the ec . 
  it 's disingenuous to compare the ec to a supposed pan-european government as if the eu organic is n't suis generis . 
  each commissioner is appointed by national government ( you can have the case where a minority government decide who 's the national choice ) . 
  it 's undemocratic as the choice is n't even decided by national parliaments . 
  nah , it 's the `` hey i 'm just trying to propagate far-right ideals but do n't call me that !, 
  great way to say the fourteen words . 
   it 's fine you do n't like ethno-nationalism but drawing a comparison every time to nazis is a joke that 's getting old fast . 
  yes why would i do that . 
  no one like the far-right itself can be as picky about their stupidity . 
  * but hey they 're moderates !, 
  go ahead and look who they are . 
  they 're neonazis 2.0 . 
  they 're neonazis i do n't think they 're concerned on the institutional pathways to achieve their results . 
  there is n't unregulated immigration , at least use the proper terminology . 
  and virtue is whatever it is , be it center or on the fringes . 
  it was n't between the right and left side of 1920s cpus or between prussian generals and the nazi party . 
  but there never was the case of mass immigration . 
  the fact that people think this is about mass immigration tells us how the populist far right narrative was successful in framing the crisis in their terms . 
  and at least 70 % of comments here would easily be considered far right on the real world . 
  coming here and starting destroying civilization left and right . 
  i 've actually looked at data by organizations like eurostat among others . 
  in france the difference is 0.2 . 
  even then i do n't really care about the ethnic makeup of a nation . 
  i 'm not a fan of branding immense groups of people to a set of stereotypes . 
  every thread that checks on controversial topics far-right users love to drool about quickly becomes a racist piece of shit . 
  it 's like light to mosquitoes . 
  totally the same as a modern day developed country . 
  it 's not like citizens with immigrant ancestry have a fertility rate in line with the national average . 
  it was replaced by operation triton , there are several national navies working on it . 
  it 's infuriating how they did n't show a 50/50 projection . 
  if they adopt the recommendation of the jospin report then france will switch to a mixed member majoritarian/parallel voting where the proportional and majoritarian sections are independent , ergo there is n't a corrective nationwide vote as in germany . 
  talking on 10 % or 20 % is laughable as it wo n't bring true change to deal with disproportionality . 
  it 's like a worse version of the lithuanian electoral system . 
  a true shame palast der republik was demolished , now they 're building the anachronistic stadtschloss . 
  great !, 
  we need more people of your political area to be like you . 
  there 's nothing to be ashamed about being a fascist . 
  trump is n't from the elite , not in the economic sense nor in the cultural sense . 
  iglesias was n't the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me in terms of intellectual work , he was just a political science professor in complutense . 
  he attacked young people interested in politics . 
  utoya was a summer camp for youngsters of the norwegian labour party . 
  i know you all make a very concerned effort to spread that lie that the refugee crisis was `` allowing mass migration '' or parroting an ethnonationalist falsehood about `` cultural integrity '' . 
  at least you could 've been more discreet about your intentions like not using `` evropa '' a pseudo-latin word popular in far-right circles . 
  that 's not true . 
  there were/are multiple political assassinations from both political sides as well as civil bombings . 
  for example eta did a big favour to spaniards who wanted a democracy ( killing carrero blanco ) while at the far-right killed a bunch of civilians across europe ( bologna massacre for example ) . 
  nope . 
  you certainly do n't have the same kind of rethoric that parties/movements like podemos , fn or m5s spew . 
  what en marche embodies ( so they say ) it 's a different kind of doing politics , a wide centrist movement drawing from civil society and `` reformists '' from the old parties . 
  i 've yet to hear despise for liberal democracy ( other than arrogant tirades about france needing a king and on the same line ) . 
  no he is n't a populist . 
  he 's himself from the elite and as far as i 'm aware he does n't have a simplistic narrative about the pure people against the corrupt elites . 
  also what is the problem that half lrem 's mps are new ? 
  was it supposed to only let former parliamentarians ? 
  unfortunately modern hebrew only got a chance of becoming the main israeli language due to the active suppression of yeddish and other jewish languages . 
  ireland should look at what the basque country or wales is doing . 
  because he did n't align with melenchon in key subjects . 
  back then ? 
  yes . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong sure , it should n't be difficult . 
   but that is called conquest and is exactly what europe is experiencing today . 
  wrong , it 's called migration and it 's actually one of the most ancient human activities . 
  and apart from the donbass conflict it 's not happening in europe . 
   the europeans did n't assimilate to the native american culture . 
  true , within itself and overseas europeans have a long history of cultural genocide and other types of repression on the perceived other . 
   they conqured america true , all of the americas were conquered by europeans or later by nations with elites composed of mostly european ancestry . 
   this is what islam is doing today wrong , islam is not even a centralized religion like the catholic church nor is it unified . 
  and as we 've seen europe is n't being conquered , then we can infer you 're wrong here . 
   and somehow pointing that out is being racist . 
  yes , you 're called racist because you use fringe far-right narratives of contemporary europe as if it 's factual . 
  to sum you 're called racist well because you 're racist . 
  not really . 
  2/10 with rice , would n't correct again . 
  for example the kind of assimilation that the sami or native americans underwent . 
  however i 'd wager culturally greece is closer to turkey or lebanon than to norway . 
  sure but even when the first steps of european integration where made the focus was always to help each country and prevent more wars based on things like `` pure populations '' or the widespread feeling expressed on this thread . 
  to think people here spreading far-right propaganda are in any way a defender of the eu is laughable . 
  the problem with talking with sweeping generalization over a vastly diverse continent is that those grandstanding comments fall short when some one is minimally knowledgeable on the subject . 
  christianity was n't domesticated , the vast majority of european societies just secularized . 
  and saying the continet welcomes radical muslims with open arms is just propagating a simple narrative to complex issues that take and took decades . 
  even if a considerable of european muslims are homophobic or against progressive values then society and those groups ought to improve instead of making dog whistles on how barbaric and uneuropean they are . 
  greek and norwegian culture are also two completely different cultures . 
  what 's the point you 're making ?
