  ahaha after africa , brasil and asia the mighty portuguese empire lives on ... 
  in a supermarket chain in poland . 
  all hail d.francisco manuel dos santos i , master of promotions , lord of the cheap white label and catchy jingles . 
  is it deep on the apennines ? 
  shoes , socks , slippers or nothing ( right now ) . 
  i 'm not trying to be disrespectful ( who the heck takes it personally that your country is n't part of a cultural area ? ), 
  but romania is probably closer to to other eastern european countries or balkan countries than latin countries . 
  what history ? 
  the 150 years of roman rule ? 
  that and the language is n't much when referring to latin countries . 
  romania even had a stage where they `` purified '' their language of slavic and other non latin words . 
  apart from the language there 's not much of proximity in terms of cultural values . 
  to be fair romania is n't a latin country despite the memes . 
  why ? 
  i can see him as a tory or a libdem . 
  funny i 've always pictured you a c 's supporter . 
  so are your ancestry is israeli-greek or a greek jewish ? 
  i had the impression there were more translated books due to israel . 
  there are other options like livre or pan . 
  thanks a lot for your insight !, 
  do liberals and christan democrats support the moderates ( hehe i guess it 's another case of scandinavian parties names becoming meaningless ) in that swing to the right ? 
  in terms of proposals ( or even in discourse ) what changed from moderates ? 
  why ? 
  due to their swinging to the right in order to catch swedish democrats electorate ? 
  also if next elections results in the current standings in polling would say the center party would support the social democrats ? 
  i wouldnt give them much credibility . 
  it depend if you 're going out in the morning or have lunch at a restaurant . 
  for example i only take my shoe 's off when i arrive home in the afternoon or at night . 
  uhm ... 
  probably spain even though the two countries ignore each other . 
  i 'll be reasonable and realistic : the border change between kosovo and montenegro ; maybe kosovo will cede nortern mitrovica and northen kosovo to serbian in a bilateral agreement to close the ongoing situation ; i really hope serbia and croatia come to senses and mark their border according to the danube and maybe ireland reunites . 
  knowing that since devolution all xunta 's have been pp or psoe i hardly believe it . 
  cabo verde and tunisia . 
   article 51 specifies that the president is elected by the parliament in a secret ballot . 
  ** i would like this to be an open ballot ** . 
  why ? 
  there could be repercussion on mps who do n't vote according to party ( there was a similar proposal for the european parliament ) . 
  so how many different churches and faiths are supported by the romanian state ? 
  do n't they do the same for greek catholics , lutherans or other denominations/religions ? 
  practically all european states are consensus democracies . 
  with the exception of states like the uk i ca n't recall another one . 
  edit : maybe malta too . 
  is there a reason why high tension electricity cables in cluj are above the river ? 
  not really , right now not even the 30 % of basques want it . 
  no , the eu proposed the establishment of a pan european asylum process . 
  alde is great at marketing itself but when you look to its members platforms , the actions of their most powerful leaders then it 's clear that they 're not as pro federalism as they say . 
  i 'd say greens are by far the more pro-eu . 
  the one with doggies !, 
  it does n't matter if it 's justified or if some of them are n't considered roma no longer . 
  it 's still plain racism , there 's no need to be politically correct . 
  that 's a very simplistic view , in large multicultural cities racism is much more subtle and camouflaged while in rural areas is out in the open . 
   but for gypsies , it 's not this thing . 
  the hate they get , they cause it themselves . 
  yeah but that view is exactly due to racism , you single an entire ethnic and cultural group due to those who are noteworthy ( rarely for good reasons ) . 
   paok checks out, 
  rarely unless i go to the city center . 
  yeah you should . 
  if you believe even a third of defaults and far-right subs tell you then the worldview offered is very dark . 
  there wo n't be any more civil war ( apart from the one happening in ukraine ) for the foreseeable future . 
  i know it 's increasingly becoming a fantasy for the far-right but apart from a small group that might believe them , not really . 
  nah i 'm referring to the french parti socialiste ( i used psf to distinguish it from other center left ps across europe ) . 
  our mps are supposed to represent the whole country and at least my impression from porto is that they do that . 
  also it does n't bothers me a lot as our electoral system is currently outdated but it could be worse if i was part of a small electoral circle . 
  he 's talking about psf . 
  and if the trend continues they might get a majority . 
  wo n't that fuck up with biodiversity and the way the rivers flow ? 
  i 'm quite sure there 's someone in the past but more recently i can only think of ant\u00f3nio costa ( current portuguese pm ) . 
  for 99 % of the people the age of exploration was also miserable , even for nobility . 
  it even matches sibelius 's finlandia !, 
  ah so it 's another arabic influence . 
  yeah and the same on voting for left and radical left . 
  he 's making a stupid analogy as if academia is filled with far-left supporters and the more right-wing leaning persons are oppressed . 
  de jure ju\u00e1n of castille had every right to reaffirm his wife 's right to be the portuguese queen . 
  either way it 's important that acclaimed portuguese king d.jo\u00e3o i was one of the illegitimate sons of d.pedro i ( whose son d.fernando died without sons therefore beginning the succession crisis ) . 
  pnr is the result of far-right entrism in a decadent party in the 90s ( it was founded by the first democratically elected president after the revolution , in fact it 's similar to en marche ) . 
  neither the law nor the constitution elaborate on a clear definition of racist/fascism ideologies so pnr like all european far-right parties disguise themselves with their own pc language . 
  there 's also the fact that our constitutional tribunal is overwhelmed with work and understaffed so this subject is n't really dealt with . 
  whats the problem with france cfa ? 
  he came here explicitly as a pilgrim so it 's normal people ( like me ) were angry that the government ( a left wing supported to make things worse ) violated so clearly our laicism . 
  even worse they gave a day off to public workers . 
  plenty actually . 
  on my last trip abroad , to cluj romania i discovered there 's a greek-catholic church as the austrians pushed romanians to accept the pope while letting them use the same liturgy as orthodoxs . 
  christian denominations are like mushrooms . 
  what branch ? 
  it 's always interesting to finding out the numerous protestant denominations , 
  so a protestant ? 
  are you a roman catholic ? 
  in the us i think only in houston 's utexas and brown 's there 's a specific european portuguese department . 
  :( i guess i 'm in for bad weather afterall . 
  where in romania ? 
  i 'm going to cluj this week and i 'm still a bit worried about the weather , apparently it 's going to be rainy . 
  * 2 candidates . 
  so what ? 
  does that excuse xenophobia ? 
  regarding syndicalism in all coutries they 're now linked to social-democratic parties or radical left parties . 
  for example in portugal and spain ( cgt and cnt ) our first and hegemonic trade unions were anarchist but after the right-wing military coups and the decades old dictatorships the appeal for anarchism was minimal . 
  in spain they now have a communist influenced , a social-democrat and in a distant third place cnt . 
  the same did n't happen in portugal where there 's practically zero anarchist institutions/groups left . 
  even our supposedly center-left trade union is very centrist , as it was created as an alternative to the communist influenced one . 
  there 's a difference between the long and rich history of anarchism and groups of rebellious `` anarchist '' teenagers that like to smash things .
