  i suppose you 're not aware of countries like albania , the maghreb or the enormous diversity among muslims around the world . 
  anyway that does n't matter a thing to you seeing you are so keen on cataloging people according to their race . 
  sure , open the wiki page on the general election . 
  of course it does n't . 
  but to say that men ca n't be seated normally then something is very wrong for the people who feel this a credible reasoning . 
  if it 's not a massive dong then either you have an abnormal physique or you are obese . 
  that 's not just german democracy but the majority of all representative democracies . 
  yeah now that 's just complete reddit like babble completely ridiculous . 
  if you honestly believe that then you have to take a long view at your mental state ( and probably reduce you daily internet usage ) . 
  following my question i wonder if i am one of the few men that do n't suffer of a tremendously enormous penis and testicles . 
  sometimes i 'm even more comfortable crossing legs , i must be an outlier if i do n't think this can only lead to pseudo nazi female dominated distiopia . 
  unless you have some form of testicle cancer i ca n't understand how is it impossible to seat like a decent person . 
  i see it as similar phenomenon to what happened to the kony 2012 guy . 
  but before the internet those terrorists were all local . 
  and it was super hard to organize . 
  now you just need a telegram channel to listen to a propagandist . 
  i agree , but do n't expect much from impulsive racists and xenophobes . 
  mostly because the people suggesting it do n't really care about government deciding who loses their citizenship or not . 
  or you can have a constructive healing process for the benefit of all not just the supposedly `` rightful '' owners of the country . 
  but because that 's way more difficult and does n't pander to extremists in both sides it 's not such a popular idea to someone that has strong nationalist feelings . 
  i 'm not boasting any intellectual superiority , anyone can read , hear testimonies or learn about our history . 
  you seem to imply i 'm being an arrogant lefty who 's lecturing you , in part i can see how that may come across but to read the array of propaganda you write without denouncing it is absolutely revolting . 
  anyway i 'm done with this exchange . 
  you have your views , i have mine . 
  those who want to learn and investigate the period discussed will know who 's being more truthful . 
  if you take it as that then suit yourself . 
  of course you do a lot of the portuguese youth has the historic memory of a fish , it 's not difficult to read propaganda online and believe it . 
  the big test of more recent democracies is when the generations that finally enjoyed democracy and liberty disappears . 
  the big problem of protests in more cosmopolitan capital cities like budapest , warsaw or bratislava is that they are on a medium where most people might be against the party in power to have meaningful change you need to convince the rest of the country . 
  in romania they got a little success with at least getting usr in parliament but the social-democrats got enough seats to have a viable gov. 
  protest is important but so it is to ensure that the movement is appealing enough to change things politically . 
  in hungary fidesz still has 50 % of vote intentions and the opposition is seemingly fracturing in even more micro parties . 
   `` standart knowledge '' perhaps in pcp 's hq . 
  of course , that 's why what i 've been saying is accepted by all side of the political spectrum with the exception of the reactionary right and the far right . 
  but keep believing those myths as if a stupid televote on tv shows anything credible . 
   besides , i assure you , plenty of people share `` my view '' of history i know they do , does n't matter it 's a complete farse on our history . 
  you 're entitled to whatever you want to believe just as i am to say it 's absolute revisionism . 
  the majority of the older generation might even have a positive idea but again the same happens in russia with stalin or other past dictators across the world . 
  population exchange is a thing of the past in a country that wants to be part of the developed world or democratic . 
  history does n't allow to rewind what happened . 
  you can only build for a better tomorrow . 
  figure out . 
  i 'm sure you 'll see it as a dangerous marxist narrative when this is all standard knowledge in portugal with the exception of those who apparently share your views on our history . 
  man you 're literally repeating the far-right view of the last 90 years . 
  yeah the same salazar that was keen on portugal not taking much of it . 
  i do n't give a damn about churchill apart from his moral leadership for briton in the second world war as well as being an immnesly charismatic individual all his political career was full of blunders . 
  and do n't come with the operation felix or the hendaye meeting . 
  franco was n't in any position to demand hitler the things he wanted bad germany had it 's plate full for the eastern front . 
  about africa , sure tons of poor portuguese emigrated to the colonies in order to have a better living . 
  that does n't hide that the structure of the colonies were in the hands of the elite . 
  it 's very nice to see the supposedly `` modern '' luanda and louren\u00e7o marques without acknowledging what happened to the black population . 
  why are you talking to me as if i was a communist ? 
  `` your '' ? 
  now i can only be a pcp fan if i 'm countering your defense of the dictatorship and far right reaction to the revolution ? 
  i 'm totally against any sort of peoples democracy so do n't straw man my position just because i 'm showing your stupid propaganda . 
  lol you do n't want to go there . 
  because statistically the far right terrorism caused more killings and destruction than any far left group . 
  they were `` only '' fighting the `` communists '' as indiscriminate bombings like elp , mdlp and other far right terrorist groups . 
  but sure keep on with your fairy tale history . 
  i 'm talking on the post war during the european economic miracle . 
  at least they did n't ascend to the point of being able to have the highest power . 
  after all that babble of primavera marcellista the supposedly liberal fa\u00e7ade crumbled . 
  at least there would n't have been political prisoners , thousands killed in a non sense war or dead freedom fighters . 
  if italy and france managed to get the trente glorieuses i do n't see how the political instability was such a bad thing . 
  so yeah read some books before embarrassing yourself . 
  oh do n't come here with the stupidity of saying we would 've been dragged to wwii had n't it been for the dictator . 
  spain was n't in any shape to go to war even against portugal nor was hitler worried about portugal , be it a democracy or dictatorship . 
  the economy had impressive growth because the base point was shit , that 's basic economy . 
  about the colonial war , the fact that a great deal of colonial troops were natives does n't change the fact that they were figuring for a racist regime that would always make them subservient to the white elite . 
  there were also white angolans and mozambicans fighting against the colonizers . 
  also the war began because of the initiative of national liberation movements only later did the soviets and the cubans help them . 
  they were n't created by outside forces . 
  get at least the basic facts right . 
  and there 's also alternatives do n't come talking with far-right propaganda like mario soares supposedly advocacy for colonists genocide ( read the spiegel interview instead of parroting fake news ) . 
  the majority of troops fighting overseas were conscripted , not professional troops . 
  and you can be sure that the majority would rather be at home than defending a loopsy idea of an african empire benefiting the colonial elite . 
  what fascists ? 
  because the political elites of the dictatorship were all prohibited from taking part in politics in the years after the revolution . 
  anyway anyone is permitted to call themselves what they want , at least some have the guts to be honest ( like jaime nogueira pinto ) . 
  again it 's terrible how you repeat the reactionary propaganda of the far right . 
  we fail to catch up with the rest of western europe thanks to his reactionary leadership abd obsolete thinking . 
  would 've been better to have an unstable political system than a authoritarian dictatorship . 
  sure . 
  carl schmitt or heidegger were also great intellectuals while being horrible people . 
  the fuck do i care about their patronizing views if in the end they still embrace authoritarianism and send the secret police to keep an eye on him . 
  fuck this despicable apologia . 
  that 's not even credible reasoning . 
   yes , pre-28 our country was so much better . 
  our economy was booming and we were the most liberal country of europe . 
  then he came along and we came poor . 
  portugal has always been poor . 
  in the 1920s gdp per capita was behind greece and side by side with romania 's . 
  if we had a democratic regime without ideologies like elitist agrarianism , racist luso-tropicalism or a deliberate focus on preventing industrialization we 'd be most likely much better than compared to a rotten country with 50 years of authoritarian dictatorship . 
   regarding africa , there was nothing else he could do . 
  i guess the rest of all colonizers got a magical option we did n't have . 
   after the carnation revolution , they came back empty-handed - those who came back because many werent so lucky . 
  thats why we had 13 years of war . 
  most people understood that there was no choice but to fight . 
  who knew that after fighting a viscous 13 years colonial war would make natives against portuguese presence ? 
  i mean it 's not like we could 've learned from the result of the algerian war , better continue with that great propaganda of having an african colonial empire even in the 4th quarter of the 20th century .
