  if you ca n't separate your opinion to a country from an online comment then it 's not my problem . 
  i know , that 's why i do n't want him in the social-democrat group . 
  take the right-wing faction of ps and good luck . 
   that 's why there will be a referendum , to proof/solve the issue . 
  in democracies that 's how we solve this things . 
  yeah that 's why modern mature democracies also trample their constitutions . 
  the only way to resolve this tension is to work with pro-referendum forces in spain to reform the constitution and then have the referendum . 
  they could try s&d as renzi would probably push for their acceptance . 
  i sure hope they get into alde , tired of soc-dems filled with social liberals like valls . 
  you understand that as usual it 's not going anywhere right ? 
  the catalonian independence spectacle went out of fashion 2 years ago . 
  if you honestly think that juncker is realistically ditiching english as one of eu 's working languages then you 're out of your mind . 
  since the eastern expansion and the global linguistic hegemony of english it 's practically impossible to revert to another lingua franca . 
  so politicians ca n't make jokes ? 
  admit it stop being so butthurt . 
  worse is seeing alt-right twitter accounts spam marine shit while using pepes and / pol / 's lingo . 
  sure , but now tell me how this little joke is going to fuck the future of millions . 
  just yesterday may declared that the eu was interfering with the general election , maybe that 's a much hostile comment than this is n't it ? 
  so be it , if the british public opinion is hypersensitive to joke comments then it 's nothing more than another example of british hypocrisy . 
  juncker does n't have to care a shit about british feelings on the eu , they 're on their own . 
  maybe they can write on the internet how preposterous juncker is , spam drunkenness rumours and in the end feel the superior ones . 
  really ? 
  are n't you mixing up with soros whose first language is esperanto ? 
  is this the british version of `` this is why trump won '' ? 
  there 's nothing more amusing than to see british users butthurt of juncker 's banter . 
  ironically the spire is the pinnacle of 19th century interference in historic buildings . 
  you do understand that mensplaining is a tendency that some men have to explain everything to women as if they could n't understand it , right ? 
  it 's not sexist , if there was a similar occurrence i would n't say that it 's dangerous . 
  the fragility of men 's ego is very clear when there 's even a tiny bit of criticism . 
  anyway whatever , try to read stuff like this with an open mind without being a snowflake always triggered . 
  one of pristina 's most important avenues is named after him . 
  what side of the spectrum ? 
  are you really surprised a liberal party is for equal rights and empowering women ? 
  i 'd prefer they go with alde but seeing that renzi is thrilled with being bff with macron there 's a real danger em joins s&d , especially if psf is kaputt . 
  not quite . 
  lr is fillon 's party but udi is a minor liberal party that allies with them . 
  with the emergence of em they might form a centrist liberal bloc . 
  i think so , they can quit their previous party and join en marche . 
  parties have until the 19th of may to submit their candidates . 
  if they manage to snatch candidates from lr , liberals and ps then i suppose they do . 
  orban managed to get a new constitution and still he had to fight back the constitutional court more than 3 times to pass certain articles . 
  it 's a real shame how someone can believe in this kind of illiberalism . 
  you mean kusturica the apologist for serbia in the balkan wars or his warm opinion on putin ? 
  to him , socialism is inherently linked to the good old days of yugoslavia . 
  they can , every mep has freedom to vote there 's no whip in euparl . 
  so next gov will probably be ano-top09-kdu-\u010csl ? 
  can you show me where does he supports them ? 
  the bread and butter of his jokes it 's the sad intersection between the tragedy of the arab spring and dark humour . 
  also i 'm up to know how he 's anti-semitic , i 'm tired of people equating criticism of israel with it . 
  so an arab ca n't make dark jokes about dictators , a western guy has a free pass as he 's `` just telling it as it is '' and any disfavourable reaction is met with `` u mad ? 
  stop being triggered xdddd '' . 
  / u/executivemonkey is the sub 's pet troll . 
  and he 's great at it , o7 patriot !, 
  the hammer and sickle is n't a necessarily soviet symbol but unfortunately generally only conservative soviet apologist communists use it . 
  just now i heard jean marie le pen compare the lyly of the valley with a vote for marine , the new jeanne d'arc of france . 
  why do they celebrate joanne d'arc in this specific day ? 
  is there any hint on which electoral law might be approved ? 
  i read that even forza italia was for a majority bonus but in the end i suppose it 's m5s who has the final say in order to achieve 2/3s . 
  with little knowledge of inner pd politics , once the left-wing faction split and formed articolo 1 it was obvious that the social liberal majority would only be reinforced . 
  btw is there any interest in an electoral alliance between articolo 1 and si for the election to come ? 
  fucking lol now even a shitty american podcaster is worthy of being quotable . 
  yah let 's have inflated majorities and distorting the elector 's choice . 
  i mean who 's surprised that french people living in the most liberal area of europe vote overwhelming macron ? 
  as expected the epp does n't have a moral backbone . 
  the path of the normalization of illiberalism continues , \u00d3rban can thank weber ( csu ) and the so called `` defenders of european values '' . 
  there 's a project for a line between maastricht and hasselt in belgium too . 
  it 's definitely polls . 
  the same with women 's rights : they do n't like them but boy do they love them when they can hit muslims with it . 
  po and . n are pretty much center-right . 
  it 's not because of lack of parties in the right-wing spectrum poland is in the current situation . 
  actually i read somewhere that stalin also made sure to `` correct '' this photo . 
  no it 's not , if melenchon had a semblance of integrity for his values then he 'd obviously avoid any hint that macron is `` as bad '' as le pen . 
  what about ecr , still too leftist ? 
  first barroso the crypto maoist now juncker another subversive commie slowly preparing the grounds for pan-eu revolution . 
  could you expand on what do you mean about marcello caetano opening the regime ? 
  theres a reason the first years of his reign were called `` marcelist spring '' and immediately after `` marcelist fall '' . 
  no , not at the same scale . 
  people simply have to look statistics and see how democracy and eu accession were game changing for the country . 
   i 'm not trying to make any appeal to moderation . 
  then why push for the horseshoe fallacious arguments ? 
   it really seems that just because you guys had a far right dictatorship you seem to see far left regimes with pink tinted glasses . 
   yes , far right regimes will oppress the population and yes , far left regimes will oppress the population . 
  noone here is argumenting the soviet bloc was better or that the far left is sunshines and butterflies . 
  you 're adressing a strawman . 
   this is the simple fact . 
  i mean , from what i read you guys almost had a communist dictatorship after the fascist one , but this was avoided somehow . 
  would portugal had been better under the soviet union ? 
  ehehe and you think i 'm the disingenuous . 
  what do you think , where did i advocate for leftist totalitarianism ? 
  what subject ? 
  you grandstanding and make the discussion into an obvious appeal to moderation ? 
  yes i 'm saying exactly that . 
  either i agree with this marvelous concept that it is the horseshit theory or i 'm a marxist-leninist awaiting for a totalitarian future . 
  you could n't build a better strawman had n't it been by your reasoned and knowledgeable understanding of political theory . 
  yeah no , the horseshoe `` theory '' is nothing more than an appeal to moderation . 
  yeah sorry i 'm not politically correct in order to accommodate your feelings . 
  gg , good iteration of this annoying grandstanding . 
  man who would 've known you would go for the same alt-right meme about terminology ? 
  you really unmasked my obscure agenda . 
  it 's always the same arguments .
