  it is very difficult for germany to have this leadership position and unfortunately there are no other countries that have succeeded in exercising this function of germany . 
   ` that is why i have great hope for jean-claude juncker and his commission , because in the absence of a leader of member states , there is an opportunity for the commission to return to the central position it had in the days of jacques delors , of having the true leadership of the european commission . '', 
  it 's not so much a question of parties as it is a of countries . 
  right wing parties in southern europe will be in favour while center-left in northern europe will be against . 
  crab mentality coupled with not very subtle racism and xenophobia . 
   attempting to memespeak, 
  as we know europe has always been a happy harmonious paradise where racism and other forms of discrimination never happened . 
  how dare americans try to impose their pc cultural patterns in our impeccable societies . 
  why is it unpopular ? 
  are you having austerity measures due to the growth decline ? 
  mussolini literally marched into office . 
  his block never went more than 20 % . 
  oh i 'm sure the intelligence units are eating donuts and reading magazines . 
  is it a colossal penis that the central goat in cabras majoreras has under it ? 
  now we ca n't even disagree in basic aspects of self-driving vehicles ? 
  why throw `` luddites '' ? 
  it 's a shame what they did to the palast . 
  berlin should n't erase its heritage like that . 
  i 'll be crucified but i liked the palast der republik . 
  a shame it was contaminated with arbestos . 
  i think boing 's seattle plant overtook it . 
  because if we do n't russia will steamroll through europe just to capture marcelo . 
  to be fair polish politics are a whole new level of ideology and political history . 
  but giving social security is n't even a divisive issue in european left and right . 
  of course it will incure loses , inflation will erode the amount of debt . 
  is christian democracy left-wing then ? 
  and yet the motto of marxism is `` workers of the world unite '' . 
  internationalism is a key leftist value . 
  theres no way to deny it . 
  damn son you just made a straw wicker man . 
  history is not a arrow point to a certain direction . 
  we went from `` the end of times '' to the current form of fascism with a human face . 
  anything is possible , history is being always written . 
  the eu or the eib with project bonds . 
  and why would the progressives accept it ? 
  one of their core values is being against nationalism and other isolationist thinking . 
  you ca n't expect the left to incorporate the values of the right . 
  how is martin schulz viewed ? 
  at least he seems more lefty than sigmar gabriel . 
  with a corralito in the middle . 
  easy peasy . 
  portugal, 
  the whole aspect of having a common currency and not common debt emission is what 's been causing the `` sovereign '' debt crisis . 
  what about the embassies ? 
  cant you mail vote ? 
  a dog whistles from the nazis to refer to a supposed jewish marxist plot . 
  nowadays its the `` joos '' 2.0 . 
  it 's up to you . 
  just dont say its the lefts fault if you vote because you are still making a decision on your own . 
   * it 's quite unreasonable to equate demagogic eu views on trade ( that resemble more mercantilism than anything else ) to valid measures to prevent chinese dumping that trump proposes . 
      to protect the american worker and consumer you have to have tight regulation regarding consumer protection and competition . 
  you ca n't honestly expect america to just sit back and let the chinese flood the market with clearly cheaper steel due to predatory trade tactics . 
  * i 'm yet to see any sort of european wide actions against free trade . 
  even when a very similar situation like this happened with chinese solar panels the eu was quick in `` forgetting '' anything in order to protect italian and french wine in china . 
  really i 'm not arguing against imports do n't make a strawman of it . 
  if you want a robust and fair common market then every actor has to play according to fair rules regarding basic aspects like not using predatory trade . 
   the problem is that no one can agree to what the necessary steps are . 
  most economists clearly know , now those who have the money sinked in the various `` adjustment programmes '' try to make a economic and financial problem into a cultural and moral one . 
  as you show you 're more worried about the moral hazard rather than the absolutely devastating crisis in greece . 
  the european taxpayer is already at a loss , the hole is only getting bigger if the fiscal hawks continue with the thinking that this way greeks will repent their sins and pay this debt even if you need to sink another 25 % of the gdp . 
  it 's quite unreasonable to equate demagogic trumpian views on trade ( that resemble more mercantilism than anything else ) to valid measures to prevent chinese dumping . 
  to protect the common market you have to have tight regulation regarding consumer protection and competition . 
  you ca n't honestly expect the eu to just sit back and let the chinese flood the market with clearly cheaper steel due to predatory trade tactics . 
  damn i just read this in a 2012 book 5 hours ago . 
  a network of eu universities would be a great step following erasmus . 
  on the public sphere . 
  the concept of `` frenchness '' is not bound by blood and heritage but rather by accepting the values of the r\u00e9publique . 
  manuel valls , sarkozy , myriam el khomri or taubira are all examples of descendants of imigrants . 
  if you do n't want to vote for them then do n't . 
  no one is pushing you . 
   not criticizing but just asking , is freedom of religion necessarily an explicitly western value ? 
  yeah pretty much . 
  the whole debate from the reformation , the enlightenment , the secularization , french revolution , yada yada . 
   i know it 's imperative to american culture but have n't western politics been heavily shaped by religious disputes , even in modern times ? 
  for example northern ireland vs the republic of ireland ? 
  of course and we can see that even today regarding the refugee crisis . 
  even if it 's still a point of contention it 's one of the big pillars of the western tought . 
  more in europe than america i would say . 
  ergo you should n't call racists that otherwise they 'll get upset . 
  this how political correctness works . 
  to be fair i do n't see how it can be fortunate for the majority of the world past russia and other autocrats . 
  who knew that a golden crib billionaire would n't be the working classes champion ? 
  i 'm sorry but how can someone who disregards basic western values like freedom of religion , freedom to wear whatever you want or freedom of thought be considered not far-right ? 
  the lengths people on the internet go to `` clean '' the images of frankly obvious demagogues and xenophobes is astounding . 
  uhm so it 's closer to the dutch model then . 
  certainly there must be some public owned hospitals even if it 's for universities . 
  it becomes clearer when you learn niall ferguson wrote a book how the british empire was good for the colonized and other typical conservative talking points . 
  you do n't even have to change words or redact previous facts , just distort the meaning of words and create a culture that abjects learning from the past . 
  the church having a big part in healthcare is it restricted to psychiatric care or does it extend to the public healthcare service ? 
  even if it 's a totalitarian dystopia one could imagine a lot more of 40 years of technological progress than omnipresent screens . 
  asimov 's criticism of the book is enlightening . 
  supposedly it 's 1984 in that universe . 
  lol yeah right the easy buttcoin opportunity . 
  in terms of being sci-fi 1984 is n't innovative or futuristic , 95 % of it could be on the late 40s . 
  i did n't refer to the other user , i was referring to the general eastern european attitude that somehow the last 70 years do n't matter anymore . 
  regarding being butthurt and what nots at least it was n't me that went for a cheap jab due to my flair ( as if that had anything to do with my point ) . 
  yeah so what ? 
  you could even be from mongolia that my points stand . 
  if you want to be butthurt about this particular subject feel free . 
  this kind of horseshit gets thrown in tons of time but i 'm open to see how the major european parties in government like pp , cdu , en marche , venstre or vvd are part of the cultural legacy of the may 68 , a movement known for the protests and alliance between left wing trade union 's and mostly far left university students ( and i mean real far left , like maoists , ml and others kinds of communist and socialist groups ) .
