   ( notice that r/europe is kinda left-leaning too ) . 
  yeah right . 
  it 's an improvement compared to 8-6 months ago . 
  i love the circlejerk around nuclear power , it 's like people use the same arguments from the 70s . 
  maybe the fact that the current designs are obsolete , it 's a massive investment that needs a fixed tariff for decades , being reliant on uranium producing countries or that with the inflow of renewable energy nuclear centrals can only be economically viable due to state subsidies maybe that 's all mambo jumbo invented by green hippies . 
  if they 're not married then i do n't think it 's customary to bring your boyfriend to state visits . 
  dynamism and responsiveness depend largely on a pluralist debate , by encapsulating the space from the center-left to the right en marche risks diluting the ideological and natural political differences between the more centrist forces . 
  i 'm not talking in terms of presidential elections but on the proposals that other parties might offer . 
  if lr is bound to be even more radical along the fillon line , and ps will end up with a couple dozen seats ( plus eelv and others ) then we 're witnessing a worrisome end of debate among the non radicals . 
  seems lovely what could go wrong . 
  with the destruction of lr and ps to whom will the disgruntled electorate turn to ? 
  by effectively destroying both the center-left and center-right , the main opposition will come form the extremes that were n't drained by en marche . 
  care to offer us a glimpse of them ? 
  also known as a grand coalition . 
  this might give even more space for le pen and melenchon to draw support now that em is going to destroy the two big parties . 
  did all of m5s vote against it ? 
  the same thing happens to me . 
  we even had to buy expensive books that usually we did n't even use . 
  at least we got some basics on major religions . 
  meh not really , afd is becoming increasingly more irrelevant . 
  while this might be confirmation for their voters i think the electorate on a whole understands that there is n't a major conspiracy to deny votes for afd . 
  he 's not saying it 's not important , just relative to other areas defense is a minor role in european politics . 
   all those you mentioned in your first line , werent a ministery the previous government ( at least , independently ) ; yeah but that gov was the outlier and giving each area a minor importance was also a political move . 
  it 's a fundamental role but there 's not much to do in the area to be honest , even an idiot can manage defense as he only has to stand in parades , talk with generals and go to meetings in nato . 
  as you see whatever the minister is he does n't have much leeway in terms of doing an amazing job as portugal does n't have any relative important decisions on the area . 
  for a peripheral country like portugal areas like science , culture or public works are much more important as the days of wars and invasions are practically over . 
  actually a lot of stuff is a ministry , from culture , the sea , public works and transportation , science and so on . 
  defense has always been a constant because it 's one of those fundamental roles of the state . 
  by nowadays it 's not that important specially compared to things like labour and social security or health . 
  for them even 2 syrians is a threat to their apparently fragile culture . 
  this `` discussion '' is nothing more than closet racism and a clear showing that some member of the eastern expansion still have a lot of problems to deal with their own national identities . 
  being a minister is first thing a political office , and thank god it is . 
  there 's a reason why they are helped by advisors and specialists . 
  most of the time doctors do paperwork because they are the only person qualified and certified to do it . 
  i rather prefer doctors passing prescriptions or medical reports than a secretary with a 12 grade education . 
  but nowadays european defense ministers do n't need in depth knowledge of the area as there 's an entire chain dedicated to that . 
  framing political choices as inevitable is pretty striking of the center-right political discourse so i guess that 's not very surprising for fans of the area . 
  if polands does n't want to agree with basic values of the union then it 's free to exit , now it 's completely hypocritical to not even enforcing something it voted for . 
  yeah but there are different scales on not conforming to european rules . 
  so for example portugal not transposing european directives on agriculture is obviously not the same as poland not even showing an effort to ease greece and italy . 
  everyone in the european council voted for redistribution of about 140,000 refugees stranded on italy and greece . 
  the least all members could do was honoring those commitments instead of this populistic posturing against brussels as if was imposed on them . 
   ( especially the famous `` that 's just how it is '' - quote when she was asked how she felt about the people who would lose their right to the `` dagpenge '' aid after budget cuts in 2012 ) yikes that 's as bad as macron 's answer on how to stop being unemployed . 
  it 's not your racist ideology that drives the eu with it 's fundamental values nor is the v4 who are trying to seem like they did n't even accept relieving italy and greece . 
  germany was the first country that at least have the guts to adress the problem , we have to solve this crisis on a united cooperative manner between all member states . 
  if poles or hungarians do n't want to receive their share then at least they should pay . 
  well it 's poland not even honoring their commitments on the european council . 
  are you really comparing refugees and migrants to cancer ? 
  at least disguise your speech with empty buzzwords or it 's even more clear that your opinion it 's just neonazi shit all around . 
  if that population does not give a shit about human rights why should institutions give a damn ? 
  it 's people voting in right wind populists that should consider if they 're on the right path . 
  actually there is . 
  next time try to at least google before concern troll . 
  man you guys suck at passing as legit . 
  right now you either invest in new nuclear centrals ( as practically all centrals from the 70 up to late 90s are getting closer to the decommissioning date ) or you prepare ground for the energetic transition . 
  nuclear is losing it 's competitive edge , it 's an investment that takes decades to amortize with a fixed tariff . 
  no wonder all nuclear companies are getting subsidies to stay afloat . 
  seeing she 's singing in russian , is she a candidate from a pro-russian party ? 
  i mean what does he add to the discussion ? 
  welcome to r/europe . 
  i 'm sure homosexuals , ngos and other minorities agree . 
  you fail to understand the difference between democracy and liberal democracy . 
  for example erdogan and putin make use of democracy but they scrap the values that make up a liberal democracy ( protection of minorities , check and balances , etc ) . 
  sorry mate everything regarding eu politics can only be addressed by pushing the refugee crisis all the time . 
  so should the eu let hungary pass with complete disrespect for its founding values ? 
  the 3 % was actually linked with the perfection of the trinity . 
  lol middle eastern countries are taking the most of all refugees from the area . 
  lebanon where close to one third is a refugee , turkey with 3 million syrians , the majority of jordanians have palestine ancestry and so on . 
  when you look at the numbers you see that europe did n't even take 10 % of asylum seekers from neighboring regions . 
  you can make the analogy with black people in the us . 
  just because there 's problems in those communities it 's no excuse to be racist or xenophobic . 
  hehehe i saw that in beauvais 's airport . 
  i counted at least 10 different covers with macron . 
  most ukrainians are n't refugees though , poland has been accepting them to have the same role poles have in the uk . 
  so what ? 
  fado was also political at times . 
  wow what a badass . 
  soros is behind the left coalition in portugal so it 's no wonder he 's trying to replace the european white population . 
  salvador winning is just another piece for his plan of communist-jewish-nonwhite-bankster-reptilian world domination . 
  the fucking king !, 
  deserved way more :(, 
  i 'm still trying to understand how is voting for portugal in any way politically biased . 
  uh thought it had to palestine . 
  claro . 
  i 'm a black guy but white supremacy rocks . 
  i 'm gay but electroshock therapy is totally legit . 
  i 'm christian but i do n't believe in religion . 
  i 'm right-wing but i 'd prefer communism . 
  where can you vote in the app ? 
  what happened ? 
  a traitor i say !, 
  it 's way more catchy and pop . 
  the spirit of '68 lives on . 
  bulgaria going for the lgbtq + vote . 
  and here i was thinking portugal 's act was a bit too calm . 
  why are you calling east timor ? 
  now that something / r/trebuchetmemes could get behind . 
  yodeling has never been so sexy . 
  a duet with drunk juncker . 
  we 'll support you if you get salvador 's a heart .
