  afterall the banlieues were organized by the state . 
  in the end is another example of panic , as it is intended . 
  between who ? 
  you ca n't wage a global war with non state actors . 
   i am euro federalist . 
  ok  at the same time i do think mainstream eu politics needs to move to the right on immigration and multiculturalism . 
  otherwise the eu is going to be destroyed by the rise of the far right . 
  so in the end you want the moderate parties to cater to the far right while abandoning their principles . 
  it 's a homicide suicide , common among islamists . 
  bragan\u00e7a is the so to speak the most relevant city in inner tr\u00e1s os montes . 
   exactly , i think it 's very common also in bragan\u00e7a ( where nearly all of my family is from ) and it 's predominantly the region most present in france according to some statistics a few years ago . 
  it helps out that tr\u00e1s os montes is probably the poorest , rural and forgotten part of the country . 
  quite religious too . 
  only this year a decent highway opened between the coast and bragan\u00e7a . 
  that 's a common view among some of portuguese immigrants in france . 
  it 's like in the us where the yesterday immigrant scum ( italians , poles or irish ) are now gatekeeping towards the newer immigrants like central americans or middle easterners . 
  every single thread . 
  mildly , more about the past fame than her acting work . 
  although it stuck with me that her mother and sister were aided by the portuguese ambassador in budapest to escape to the us via lisbon . 
   people from other countries know nothing about us . 
  the party that rules still has like 60 % of people 's support ( including me ) . 
  that does n't matter . 
  rule of law is n't dependent on the wishes of the majority of mps ( they had 38 % of all the votes ) . 
   in my opinion we have the best laws in europe and trust me i know a lot about laws . 
  we had the first constitution in europe ( second in the world after usa ) which lead to first government ( others had kings etc ) and in a result first democracy . 
  that does n't matter shit if the current democracy is fragile , the germans had weak regimes in the past and now they 're one of the more stable democracies in the world . 
   atm our democracy is absolutely not in danger , so keep quiet and look at the situation in your countries . 
  thank you lol, 
  yeah i do n't think the format is prepared for win10 . 
  i 've tried about 3 months ago , multiple fixes and still nothing . 
  do n't be disingenuous you know why you use the term . 
  otherwise it would n't fit a r/panichistory narrative . 
  but the immigration to europe was not massive compared to other flows . 
  when one speaks about mass migration the image is the europeans and others going to the americas or intense movements in short time like in gold rushes . 
  the gastarbeiters were a steady flow in a completely legal process over the span of decades . 
  what mass migration ? 
  most of western immigrants came legally , they were even invited to fill the gaps . 
  check out the uef . 
  and at a lesser extent lebanon ( although they 've been in gridlock for about 10 years ) . 
  even if the economic outlook looks relatively good compared to its neighbors , the lowest classes do n't see the growth . 
  as the author pointed state support and investment has been neglected especially for working class people . 
  the investment in silicon valley , trendy urbanism or digitization does not help them in a tangible and direct way . 
  ah surely the proof of the continual struggle of white people in the world . 
  i for one dont want to just follow the majority especially if their ideas of common good excludes minorities and their interests . 
  that 's the tyranny of the majority . 
  jesus christ if the ft is left wing the i suppose the guardian is posadist . 
  and almost all follow the streets . 
  yes at least make it public how the eu needs to get more instruments on how to deal with the illiberals . 
  there 's a metro station under the building so they had to build the cocoon . 
  there was n't even an attempt . 
  i love you did n't even understand that the style is intentional . 
  it 's a historicist pastiche like neuschwanstein . 
  he 's a swiss army knife candidate . 
  the euparl has but the council has n't . 
  checkout the name of erdogan 's party . 
  i 'm not advocating to topple any governemnt , it 's just the respect for rule of law and the democratic process . 
  if poland drops out of the union because of this then tough luck . 
  there are various criteria to be a memberstate . 
  i do n't know if you are aware but poland is in a political union :  the fundamental principles  article i-6 of the constitutional treaty is devoted to union law . 
  ** it lays down the principle of the primacy of the law of the european union over the law of the member states . 
  this principle , which has been developed by the court of justice in its case-law , has long been recognised to be a basic principle and a key aspect of the functioning of the union . 
  ** the constitution simply gives it a higher profile by incorporating it into a key part of the treaty this is positive for poland . 
  i know because the mechanism is flawed :  it introduced a warning stage , before an offending member state 's rights in the eu could be suspended . 
  yet that preliminary alarm was never triggered when orb\u00e1n in 2010 began to build what , with appropriately orwellian language , he called a `` system of national cooperation . '' the problem turned out to be that four-fifths of eu member states have to agree that there is a `` risk '' of a breach of fundamental values to move a country to the worrying stage ; for actual sanctions , all governments have to be on board . 
  many national leaders will feel that such naming , shaming , and punishing is just too much for europe to handle right now : brussels is already in the business of telling countries in the eurozone what kind of national budgets they can have , and trying to instruct some about how many muslims they have to take in . 
  and now brussels will be seen as lecturing member countries about democracy . 
  orb\u00e1n has already gone on record that he will veto sanctions against warsaw . 
  it 's mostly germany and the states around it . 
  go read the threads on the greek referendum or the varoufakis saga . 
  having the guts to help poland from authoritarianism is n't something the eu should axe just because it gives bad press . 
  if it ca n't even try to enforce the values it proclaims to defend then it 's legitimacy will be marked forever . 
  coincidentally i read this morning an article from january about the creeping authoritarian demagoguery on poland and its parallels to what happened in hungary . 
  the eu not acting on such blatant disregard for rule of law and democratic oversight is the cherry on top on the push for intergovernmentalism . 
   but still , i believe that catalonia as a nation as the right of self-determination and granting them a referendum is the right thing to do , as a significant number of their population wishes for one . 
  i suppose most sensible people agree with that it 's just that they have to do it legally in accordance with the spanish constitution . 
   that is not the core of nationalism , merely one aspect . 
  for fucks sake do n't be obtuse . 
  yes i was specifically doing that association . 
  it 's not like i 'm interested in knowing the city the positions moved to . 
   that is merely one aspect , one that can be sidelined in favor of another viewpoint that stems on the focus of national interest instead of self-determination . 
  but the core focus of nationalism is that , unless you want to change the meaning of words to suit the marketing ( like the various center-left `` socialists '' in europe ) . 
   not to mention that the eu hardly effects national sovereignty in serious matters , such as of foreign or internal policy . 
  then you do n't know much about the eu , we give a fairly share of our sovereignty to brussels . 
  like forcing member states to legislate in accordance to eu directives or get economic sanctions against others states . 
   it really does n't . 
   i believe your definition of nationalism is quite dosed by a history-caused tunnel vision . 
  if i do n't in account the historical meaning and its ideologic reason then the terms are meaningless . 
   no , it is not , because its ultimate goal is still not eradicating the political entities that make it up . 
      even if it formed up as a federation ( which will not happen for decades ) , the countries will still exist as separate entities , and therefore the interests of said countries can still be considered within the union . 
  but a nationalist is defined by his inherent value of the nation over any external force , and it the supremacy of national sovereignty . 
  a socialist can even be pro eu in his view as he can see it as a vehicle to achieve socialism . 
  a nationalist 's final objective is the nation state ( and even imperialism ) . 
  i can see why you like the eu but that goes against everything nationalism stands for . 
  the underlying principles and actions of the union is one of anti nationalism . 
  it 's like saying i 'm a islamist zionist . 
  how can a nationalist prefer a ** supranational ** union ? 
   it is so elusive to you that someone may consider the eu and its workings to be in the interest of his/her country ? 
  but that does n't qualify as nationalism . 
  you can even be a militant anti-nationalist and be quite happy with the eu . 
  to be nationalistic towards the eu is a jarring belief .
