  politically the uk is the most polarized country in western europe . 
  on one side you have corbyn on his sad leftist crusade and then you have the tories with right-wing radicalism , flirting with ukip 's . 
  if you equate this criticism being anti-eu then you are inherently agreeing that the eu is following the german line ( which it is ) . 
  careful now , you should leave the skin on it gets deliciously crispy on the oven . 
  and killing immigrants . 
  indeed , turkey was n't a liberal democracy . 
  it 's one of this dumb memes that seem to ring truth , a lot of westerns try to make everything about islam or tribal politics in any subject happening in middle east or outside the west ( orientalism for short ) . 
  never mind that erdogan resembles more putin than anything else . 
  as \u00d3rban ( and most of western right wing politicians ) who emphasizes our `` christian heritage '' in his tirades against globalists and the leftist ideology so erdogan uses islam as a tool against the hypocrite west . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-21748878 cheers , have a nice overview on how illiberal democracies happen . 
  compared to the majority of european politics sure . 
  keep in mind that we 're talking about liberalism in the economic dimension . 
  germans do n't have nation-wide referendums and most of them have a much better opinion of politicians and democracy than the majority of other countries . 
  it 's the behind the scenes leader of poland . 
  yeah as if that 's anything new to nato . 
  the fact that he changed both constitutions multiple times after the constitucional court denounced various proposed changes or the crazy electoral system that benefits immensely fidesz ( for example last elections fidesz-kdnp got 67 % of the seats with 45 % of the votes ) . 
  ah of course . 
  everyone left of hayek is a marxist , whether they know it or not . 
  wow i 'm sure syrians `` deserved '' assad or iraqis sadam . 
  there 's little input of populations regarding authoritarians . 
  nah , he 's just a social democrat . 
  no they are n't . 
  but that does n't mean that labour is keen on `` tradition '' or disregards social liberalism . 
  social liberalism is just a small part of the whole ideological spectrum . 
  that 's why libdems are on the right wing . 
  also , bernie democrats are probably closer to mainstream labour than libdems . 
  nonsense . 
  apparently `` regressive leftism '' was coined by yet another right wing free thinker that salivates with the prospect of eradicating islam . 
  not biased at all . 
  also if you want to talk about different ideologies do so with what it 's called : leftism , liberalism ( like the libdems , center-right ) and so on . 
  being more liberal regarding drugs does n't have anything to do with `` traditionalism '' . 
  there 's no linear progression of history so i fail to understand why standard left wing values are now obsolete and cool modern social liberalism is some how `` pragmatic leftism '' . 
  could you explain what is regressive leftism ? 
  my knowledge of political ideology has n't catch up with the latest alt-vocabulary . 
  the fact it 's happening in easter ( i know it 's not a thing for the vast majority of turks ) ca n't be random . 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  sorry the problem is entirely due to assad 's regime , instead of shooting protesters had they opened up and reform there would n't be a 6 years old civil war . 
  boa p\u00e1scoa and good meals !, 
  so to resolve this immense problem we 're just going to take away citizenships ? 
  why is n't there a push for stripping european neonazis and criminals of their citizenships , surely they are more dangerous than people that vote in referendums . 
  yeah let 's just take away citizenships because some citizens think wrongly !, 
  what a great idea !, 
  and it 's funny to label the greens/efa as only nationalist or regionalist when they are probably the most pro-eu group . 
  if this is what triggers your support 180\u00ba then your initial position did n't have much depth then . 
  no they wo n't . 
  not even in spain or portugal , again it 's a non issue . 
  the fact that we can bring the oliven\u00e7a dispute back into our relation with spain will of course harm our relations with our single neighbor . 
  let us ask ourselves , what can portugal expect from this move ? 
  will spain agree and retreat from oliven\u00e7a even tough the town is basically spanish , with very little portuguese consciousness and the population against it ? 
  will spain accept even tough it 's intransigent regarding the independence movement by a considerable part of catalonians ? 
  why should portugal now bring this subject to the table ? 
  should portugal deeply harm and create long term distrust between it 's main economic and trade partner because of foolish nationalism ? 
  i think it 's 73 seats . 
  you do understand that there is n't any crisis , yes ? 
  some portuguese islands/rocks near the canaries are a much bigger problem for portuguese-spanish relation than oliven\u00e7a . 
  and that `` crisis '' is mainly whether they are islands or rocks for purposes of its eez . 
  about him being portuguese , he is but as usual is the detached emigrant on the other side of the atlantic that probably has n't lived here since the 60s that now brings this subjects as if it 's a concern . 
  it 's akin to a danish emigrant in indonesia bringing the hans island dispute . 
  you go in the vanguard . 
  of course only a true patriot ^ ^ tm would want to open the pandora box due to a non-issue . 
  i tried to find if there were any surveys but no luck . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say no , the annexation happened 2 centuries ago and spain had repressive policies about the use of portuguese ( as in much of europe back then ) . 
  it 's also important to know that the economy is probably the decisive factor as deep alentejo and extremadura are among the poorest regions in each country . 
  economic possibilities and desertification means that people are more aware of what they can expect from the regional and central government . 
  for starters , the spanish comunidad aut\u00f3noma of extremadura enjoys financial transfers from the central government ( let 's just say that catalonia is one of the comunidades who subsidizes the most and you can understand in part why the push for independence :p ) and in portugal there is n't any sort of regional government . 
  because of the regional government a lot of public services are closer ( it 's not uncommon for portuguese to go to badajoz for health care ) . 
  then in spain vat is lower , gas taxes as well and i think their tax structure is lower than ours . 
  so in comparison , spain beats portugal easily . 
  culturally oliven\u00e7a is spanish with portuguese heritage ( their main church was built in a specific portuguese late gothic style ) , but there are some groups that teach portuguese and try to sustain portuguese culture . 
  thanks to the work of some persistent portuguese/spanish nationals every year dozens and even hundreds of * oliventinos * get portuguese citizenship ( portugal still maintains that oliven\u00e7a is portuguese , every inhabitant is eligible for portuguese citizenship ) . 
  this is absolutely stupid , of course it would be an emigrant in new hampshire to give a shit about oliven\u00e7a . 
  yeah there are different breeds of eurosceptics but generally those on the soft side ( and this categorization varies according to the subject ) are mostly in the left . 
  it would be easier to address their concerns but i do n't believe that the eu is capable of fulfilling their ideological concenrns , the eu construction is firmly on the centrist-liberal view . 
  so you want meps to legislate without any input from affected groups or civil society ? 
  you do understand that for example trade unions , environmental groups , lgbt ngos and even national governments are part of lobbying right ? 
  you can have ubi lobbying as well as libertarian lobbying . 
  there are a lot of ways of being pro-european or even federalist . 
  for example except for this recurring idea of a more integrated european defence alliance , macron does n't offer much in terms of a truly federalist stance . 
  yes he 's in for using the british 73 seats to a pan-european list or an eurozone finance minister but then what ? 
  i 've heard that from multiple epp , s&d and alde members , it 's just a short-term solution for immediate problems . 
  there 's not a coherent long-term vision . 
  the euparl is already elected ( and more proportionally nationally than in some countries ) , but i agree with that to it be a true parliament it would need the right to initiate legislation as well as other competences . 
  about the possibility of consensus i 'm some what sceptical it can ever happen outside of the `` grand coalition '' we now have . 
  s&d are too centrist , and epp and alde wo n't reach lasting agreements with the sovereigntists of ecr or the far-right . 
  well most eurosceptics are against the eu for a variety of reasons but changing it 's democratic deficit is n't going to make them europhile ( and that 's ok , everyone is entitled to their opinion ) . 
  if you look at what right-wing eurosceptics do n't like ( even hate ) the eu they perceive is the push for a centralized dictatorial superstate , erasing sovereignty and tradition from national states . 
  left-wing eurosceptics might be more easily convinced but even then a lot of them are for a radically different eu there would have to be a serious * push * for a more social dimension and left-wing europe . 
  hehehe macron ( or shulz for the matter ) is n't a french * deux machina * pushing for a federal europe . 
  he 's pretty much a normal center-right neoliberal , he 'll try to fix some problems within the eurozone along with the council of the eu but a part from it , very far from a federalist stance . 
  yeah fuck human rights they always get in the way of strong men . 
  using them to give more awareness for the transnational character of the european parliament ( an thus european elections ) , have commission president candidates on a paneuropean list rather than in national constituencies and a more direct way of picking the commission president . 
  each subreddit ( especially with subscribers in the 6 digits and defaults ) ends up as a hivemind , a circlejerk . 
  r/europe as a whole is a total macron fan club even tough most do n't know much about him except he 's pro-european , liberal and not le pen . 
  they 're not arguing for it 's creation rather having the different political groups contest them , like alde or epp . 
  lololol behind all that socialist nonsense , sanders is the usual social democrat . 
  hungarian ? 
  basques are n't more native than andalusians or galicians . 
  and there are basques with immigration background . 
  that 's a human density map . 
  in spain the majority of the population lives in cities along the coast or major interior urban centers .
