   richer states build camps in north africa in a country that is willing to let us do it in exchange for a lot of money . 
  not one of the maghreb countries will accept that . 
  damn you 're delusional , the eastern countries have no leverage against german companies . 
  it 's easier for them to relocate production to cheaper countries than the `` mighty '' v4 who are far from a cohesive bloc . 
  better lose the party by trying to get in gov than to wait for the barons takeover . 
  black people do n't need to have full red lips , native americans shouldnt be viewed as indians nowadays and asians arent yellow rice picking peasants . 
  i ca n't understand how is sanchez considering the catalan referendum without losing the party to an internal revolt . 
  i 'd bet on a psoe-cc 's with pp abstaining . 
   do you ever use the vos form ? 
  brazilians seem to ignore that particular verb form , since they use the ele/ela he/she form for voce as well . 
  no , only very rarely . 
  only old people and in very formal speeches . 
   there is no other verb conjugation for you in english , that 's true . 
  when talking to the pope , you would address him as `` your holiness '' and use compliments and reverential language . 
  speaking english formally relies more on tone and choice of words , rather than any additional grammatical structure . 
  i can see how it would be annoying to anyone used to the romance languages though . 
  yeah i know , but there 's always the doubt in films and art where i wonder if the speaker means the `` common '' or `` educated '' manner of adressing . 
  we use it subliminally as using it directly is viewed as unconsiderate and rude to strangers . 
  one of the aspects i 'm not fond in english it 's that there is no difference talking to my mom or the pope . 
  actually he was a carpenter before becoming the messiah . 
  actually , without looking at official numbers , i 'd say the contrary . 
  most african economic migrants take the italian way while most of the refugees ( syrians , iraqis , afghanis , eritreans , sudanese ) go through greece . 
  i 'm waiting for the thousand of articles about pub fights in southern europe by belligerent british and irish drunks . 
  while we 're at it add those great nasheeds . 
  where you 're from ? 
  probably . 
  by the same logic you have brasilian blood ? 
  even for someone who focuses on stupid things like blood and all , there isnt a brasilian ehtnic group according to your type og thinking . 
  the moors stop existing here as a different group for about 600 years so i dont consider myself a moor . 
  why the brazilian flair then ? 
  it 's still greece , and apparently the influx through the italian way is reducing . 
  what 's the story behind the crosses ? 
  it 's impossible without direct intervention with troops . 
  we all know that wont happen . 
  maybe he 's the newest evolution of the other american troll . 
  even in lebanon and syria a lot of refugees live in inhumane conditions . 
  it snows too in that part of the world . 
  there 's left populism and podemos and syriza are good examples of that . 
  we dont even have a government coalition . 
  what kind of volunteering were you doing ? 
  fixing * pombais * ? ^ ^ ^ zing, 
  well it 's a good looking cat . 
  anti-establishment is the new establishment . 
  fn , ukip , afd , trump , podemos , syriza , sweden democrats ... 
  they 're not even comparable . 
  armenia has a millenial identity and a stable society with minorities that dont cause upheaval while moldova has a very fragile identity , very recent and with a lot of minorities who view the moldovan state with suspicion . 
  while in the east the more populist right wing manages to get in government , or even supposedly the `` center left '' socialist party in slovakia , in the west i think if things do n't go much worse in the migrants front the more extreme right wing stalls at 25-30 % . 
  the problem for the center-right is the pressure of losing votes to the newcomers so they try to appeal to those who voted populists , in the end the center-right distances more and more from the center . 
   but as far as i can tell the current portuguese government contains hard left elements nor the communist party nor the `` left bloc '' are part of the government , their intervention is supporting the gov in the parliament . 
  obviously they hold the socialist party by a thread so in reality their agendas must coexist . 
  its not like portugal is booming with jobs and an incredible economic prospect . 
  supposedly they arrived in 1982 and in the end of the film ( 2010 ) one of the aliens managed to get back . 
   that film made no sense . 
  why would the aliens arrive , then go in live in human assigned camps instead of leaving ? 
  why did n't they attempt to use the ship ? 
  the ship got damaged and the aliens were starving inside of it . 
   did they want to live there ? 
  did they want to force themselves on the humans ? 
  i recall most of them wanting to go back home . 
  while you 're here can you explain how do you have such a strong communist party even after all the years under a brutal authoritarian communist regime ? 
  it 's surprising as the populations of former members of the warsaw pact are usually super anti anything left moreover if actual communism . 
  anything anti eastern european gets downvoted . 
  the fault is always on the `` decadent '' western europe with its `` leftism '' , rule of law and european values . 
  only our lord orban , defender of the border , and the very proud anti pc eastern europeans say things like `` they are '' . 
  actually the drug is from a major portuguese pharmaceutical company . 
  although things are obviously not clear right now maybe the fault is on the company who manages the trial . 
  he was the most vocal mainstream center-left politician in a position of power to declare support for the third world ( as the international orientation not nowadays use ) and left revolutions . 
  criticized authoritarianism in all its forms : the crushing of the prague spring , apartheid , franco or the bombing of hanoi by the americans . 
  a lot of right wing extremists support each others as `` protecting '' europe or favouring nacionalism vs the eu . 
  lots of that political area are happy about front national becoming a recognizable political force as they can hope their national equivalent can also wrestle with the top dogs . 
  the guys called fn ( as in the french extreme right party ) utopia , i think its very straightforward why he doesnt like a notable social democrat . 
  i suppose you named him mostly because of paracuellos , right ? 
  do you mean santiago carillo the historic leader of the spanish communist party ? 
  isnt that due to each podemos coalition wanting to have a distinct parlamentary group ? 
   the majority are kurds coming from syria , iran and iraq . 
  yeah it 's clear that this 3 countries arent eligible for asylum . 
  you could n't even read the whole article before saying bullshit . 
  those poor neonazis , they 're so delicate when you call them what they are . 
   during 20th century , we 've been allied to france at height of their ( perceived ) military power . 
  they simply sold us out . 
  to compare pre-wwii france to today 's usa is disingenuous . 
  on on hand you have a nation who still had lot of weaknesses regarding manpower and tactics and on the other hand you have the undisputed world leader in all aspects . 
   after ww2 we 've been allied to the most powerful entity in european theatre . 
  after slight disagreement , we 've been invaded by them and occupied for two decades . 
  again comparing today 's state of the nato alliance to the warsaw pact in the 60 's is not comparable . 
   i am sure poland is capable of learning from mistakes of its neighbors . 
  i wish all the best to poland but it 's counterproductive to have thousands of foreign troops in poland doing nothing and hurting our relationship with russia . 
  it 's tense right now but it can be worse if we make it . 
   defensive alliances are ... fragile . 
  if nato is fragile then i 'm john paul ii . 
   i mean no disrespect , by from this side of the continent it looks like westerneu lost it 's survival instincts some time ago . 
  no disrespect either but by from this side of the continent it looks like eastern europe has been drifting more and more in a populist stance than trying to lift up their democracies . 
  it only changes when the country doesnt have allies . 
  but i agree that ukraine and belarus are the russian red line . 
  the way nato expanded eastwards hurt even more the russian world view . 
  you 're basing your national defense strategy in a totally different past where you were n't allied with practically all europe and the most powerfull country on earth , really ? 
  to you it boils down to the christ of europe parable ? 
  it 's more the fact that installing permanent bases in eastern europe would only create more distrust between nato/eu and russia . 
  russia wo n't dare to attack a nato member so i simply ca n't see why is there any urgency in getting a great number of troops in poland as it does n't even border russia in a significant way . 
  we also had the same format but on a tv interview with our recently freed ex-pm jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates .
