  to be honest to try to fix the communes is going to be hell on earth : local politicians doing everything they can to not have their commune disappear or fused , a ton of manpower and work , and in the end the cost may outweight the benefits . 
   spain exists in its form for several hundred years , why would someone born today go back to something not even their grand-grand parents saw ? 
  that could be applied to every country that got independence after wwi : the baltic nations , slovakia , czech republic , poland , finland ... 
  newsflash : innocent american ca n't wrap up his mind with nationalism , language identity and regional pride . 
  it 's a shame how in eastern europe , populism is gaining support at even higher pace than in south or western europe . 
  orban , zeman , probably the new pis gov in poland ... 
  it 's like the assembl\u00e9e nationale was purposely nasty against the bretons . 
  40 years later and they still do n't get nantes . 
  apart from a couple of wars in the 18th and the peninsular war the alliance was never beneficial to portugal . 
  after all we turned in to a republic largely due to britain . 
  in the developed world , war is economic . 
  germany also has a much bigger influence in the world than the uk . 
  yeah sure they have the commonwealth but when it comes to trade ties or the backbone of the european union germany is the european power . 
  not really , germany and maybe france are bigger powers than the uk . 
  being in the eu only expands your influence and capability to influence a large bloc . 
  oh sure , it 's normal for young portuguese to emigrate to other countries . 
  but let 's get real , romania is not only the boosting it sector . 
  you ca n't equate the horrible living conditions of millions of romanians , the gypsy slums and other rotten institutions to just one tiny sector . 
  what about you then ? 
  the naif romanian whose opinion of the eu turned 180\u00ba due to a humanitarian problem ? 
  the same silly romanian who ca n't understand that it 's laughable to be appalled to host a mere thousands of refugees , a convention that romania signed when addered to the eu and subsequent treaties on this matter . 
  you make every week a whining wall of test just because of your inferiority complex to the rest of the countries and the `` big unjust eu '' . 
  guess what fella ? 
  romania truth be told is not at the same level as the majority of the big western countries . 
  you can cry all you want about russia , but everyone knows that when the us have to side with any relevant european nation they wont ask romania what they think but obviously germany . 
   legal and hard-working . 
  oh really , how do you know that ? 
  i agree german should be the language used in classes but to enforce `` german only '' in pauses is mindboggling . 
  this was one of the ways how some countries actively tried to supress minority languages like non spanish in franco era , supression of welsh or irish in the uk and non french in france . 
  it 's an horrible policy to try to push only one language in the free time of children . 
  had this happened in spain there would be thousands of people marching on the streets . 
  one day butthurt language elitists wo n't understand why they were so much agressive just because other people prefer to not always speak english in the internet . 
  french is as dead as any other vibrant language . 
  great survey !, 
  very detailed but quite fun . 
   / pol / are a bunch of edgy teenage losers true but there have been a ton of killers who were active / pol / users and / pol / ideas ( even if most of the people there only shitpost for laughs ) support their actions . 
  in a community when everyone actively supports a number of racist and unhumane philosophies it 's no surprise that the idea creates a feeling of belonging to a considerable number of killers . 
  it 's funny how you say that as if the un do n't try their best : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/06/refugee-crisis-un-agencies-broke-failing when their funding is even 10 % lower than last year is difficult to organize the settlement and safekeeping of millions of refugees . 
  but this is from the ikea case , not today 's terrorist attack . 
  you 're misleading . 
  so op what 's the relevance of this article ? 
  oh he touched a nerve ? 
  it 's funny how in this very sub whenever a pro russian user uses the same logic you 're applying to saudi arabia is called out as a whataboutist but hey when it 's a opinion that goes against the circlejerky thinking of the majority of the users it 's perfectly fine !, 
  * `` oh the un is having legit criticism against czech republic?b - but in saudi arabia they 're crucifying minors !, 
  yeah it 's true . 
  but it should n't be news that to find out that a subject where most europeans absolutely despises or just do n't understand the vary basis of the problem is not going to be a civil discussion on the internet . 
  funny how they provide [ two electrical sockets ] ( https://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/30ldjs_dq-kex_cjy-cjcj_zfws=/1020x0/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/4181224/dsc06081.0.jpg ) : the schuko and the british . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  the official name of the irish indepentent state is ireland . 
  do you currently live in chechenya ? 
  curiously so does islam, 
  had they tried to invade the us would most definitely end up aiding taiwan . 
  in the last 3-4 years the us has been expanding its presence in east asia as last week was the signature of tpp . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  go to hell with your textbook fear mongering . 
  every one of them . 
  the cod is salted and dried after fished . 
  this thread has been officialy conquered by the brave lusitanian people of / r/portugalcaralho . 
  get ready for 1001 recipes of cod . 
   d\u00eda de la raza ah ... our national day also used to be day of the race , pre 1974 . 
  they are n't . 
  one has a angolan mother and another one has cape verdian ancestry . 
  yeah you 're right , but from all the groups operating in syria the ypg is the only whose action is not against western values and geopolitical considerations . 
  they need modern equipment like manpads and other heavy arms . 
  the west should refrain to intervene against bashar , help the ypg and bomb isis and other islamist groups . 
  in the end the war will end with a ceasefire between the governmnet , the kurds and more moderate forces . 
  ypg, 
   so salazar time is counted as republic time ? 
  yeap , the 2nd republic even if salazar had most of the powers . 
   how is it viewed in portugal : do people really celebrate 105 years of republic today ? 
  until 2012 it used to be a public holiday . 
  but most people do n't give much importance . 
   lots of people just leave portugal/stop looking for a job ? 
  this , altough we had some job openings . 
  most of the new jobs are badly paid to a point where near 1/4 of the workforce is only earning the minimum national wage . 
  propose legislation , break the monolithic left status quo and try to gain media and political attention to some lesser known problems . 
   portugal is a deeply socialist country . 
  :( please do n't label things if you do n't know the meaning of the adjectives you use . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/3lnsh4/elei%c3%a7%c3%b5es_legislativas_2015/ try the electoral guide : http://observador.pt/interativo/guia-eleitoral-2015/#/partidos/, 
  even in porto and lisbon , cdu is by far the more popular party according to posters . 
  armenian oil baron . 
  mr 5 % due to having 5 % in various oil explorations . 
  he left his fortune to the foundation . 
  basically it 's the portuguese thyssen bortemiza . 
  there are about six different kurdush political parties dispersed between syria , iran , iraq and iran . 
  turkey is only bombing pkk who returned to terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  altough some of its members are aiding the ypg , the syrian kurdish militia , they are two separate issues . 
  it 's a cultural tradition . 
  if we had a 12 month system most people would n't notice the difference , while with this one they spend most of it in presents and holidays . 
  actually they have contributed far more than any other eu country : hosting a ton of refugees and sending massive shipments of arms to peshmerga . 
  the anual amount is the same . 
  it 's not because of our 14 month pay system we 're not competitive . 
  too bad . 
  it 's a duty for every member of the eu who do not have an opt out to accept the quotas . 
  if you signed in to the union you also accept unfavourable terms even when you do n't agree with them . 
  the last time it was taken seriously was the peninsular war . 
  england managed to have an alliance with us and at the same time fuck with us . 
  the english occupation after the french defeat , the british ultimatum , the methuen treaty ... 
  you do n't watch a lot of football do you ? 
  ... spain ?
