  [ this place ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fzr45/series_which_places_should_you_visit_in_germany/ckeagki ) ? 
  i think they use `` leader '', 
  1/3 of terceira 's economy depend on the base . 
  too much vicky 2 bro ... 
  glory to arstotzka !, 
  do you intend to jihad ? 
  from dublin to nicosia !, 
  thats low effort industry . 
  china and other eastern asian countries excell in doing quantity over quality but european countries must reindustrialize in more specialized and qualified industries . 
  what happened to the fascist gay drug addicted nazi europeans of which mr.putin is protecting ukraine from ? 
  pledge 10 euros or more : your name in toilet door . 
  pledge 25 euros or more : receive a certificate declaring you are friend of the ukrainian people . 
  pledge 50 euros or more : a basket with moldovian wine , polish apples and milk , norwegian salmon and danish bacon . 
  pledge 100 euros or more : a ukrainean navy sailor cap . 
  pledge 500 euros or more : trip to maidan square . 
  let 's make a donation pool to buy warships . 
   bad laws damm in 4 years of bashing greece i 've never seen this argument . 
  does the greek constitution says that the country needs to be in finantial despair ? 
  for example : russia has been pretty straightforward regarding their relationship with its neighbours . 
  that 's vexillology meta material . 
  the first step is to admit the problem, 
  burgenland to the usa . 
  `` c'mon we do n't bite '', 
  no wonder he gets soo many extra-marital affairs, 
  please rescue my books !, 
  my * war and peace * copy has been having patriotic struggles against * les miserables * and * the gulag archipelago * is dying to return to the motherland . 
  i can only dream a time when books are free to be owned in their proper linguistic areas . 
  actually austria would fit better in that description . 
  if the people want him out they can just not vote on him . 
  seeing that he 's the pm it seems they that actually like his politics . 
  i once read that the chinese are building auto factories in bulgaria as the wages are actually lower than chinese ,, 
  the problem is that probably a great deal of the participants would come back in pieces . 
  portugal : frankfurt or vienna, 
  yeap , practicaly all cities in the middle ages did n't have slums or slaves ( or similar relations between a master and a serf ) . 
  damn southern europeans, 
  i remember the alfa reaching 188 km/h in alentejo, 
  ah greece was playing the long game after all . 
  confirmed that sweden is op . 
  old people of europe !, 
  germany has an [ inferiority problem ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/jul/31/germany-the-worlds-capital-of-penis-enlargment-country ) . 
  was expecting the last king of scotland :(, 
  by the looks of this pre season it is benfica who will get buttfucked, 
  in 2 months : ** human put down in danish zoo **, 
  fine for me . 
  it is the best of both worlds !, 
  hey at least you have good caramels , 
  sounds like some sort of supervillains alliance, 
  spain sold their aircraft carrier to angola i think, 
  sweden is the new fountain of youth . 
  now i understand why everyone going there, 
  favourite : the atlantic ocean, 
  is n't anal sex called greek by some populations ? 
  there 's a similar regime for high income foreign workers too i think, 
  el presidente is always right !, 
  i 'm pretty sure we would like to be left in our own, 
  because gypsies, 
   what i never knew is what i know now . 
  you know nothing jon snow, 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywdd206esv0 ), 
  minister of family experience : crusader kings ii ( 7500 + hours ), 
  wait , santa claus is wotan ? 
  `` kids , just found this amazing 16 hour long set of 3 operas about the family of santa claus ! '', 
   nordic is first step in to being owners of flying reindeer a-a-a-re you saying that saint claus is nordic ? 
  fuck this shit , why do nordics have everything good in this world ? 
  lego , good social state , low unemployement , ski resorts and now santa claus ... 
  it 's farage 's law . 
  `` as an discussion in / r/europe grows longer , the probability of someone mentioning ukip approaches 1 '', 
  no , but once my husband told me he had intercourse with a mermaid . 
  later on , my son googled the description of my husband 's mistress , finding out that the mermaid was actuallly a manatee . 
  drink and sexual abstinence dont go well in the high sea . 
  i 'm a male portuguese and everyday i dress like i was a fisherman 's wife from viana do castelo . 
  ama, 
   ~ ~ diesel ~ ~ renewable energy-powered arms . 
  ftfy, 
  portuguese music : / r/somluso, 
  here most of the homeless people eat meals that local christian and social charities provide especially for them . 
  in the recent years , more and more person in poverty , are also going to get meals from this charities . 
  beg no . 
  as a true portuguese the best i can do is work in construction sites and be a housekeeper . 
  polish butthurt detected !, 
  please return to your post and prepare yourself to unclog uk 's toilet . 
  so they are allowed to keep beer ? 
  who in the xxi century would invade a country like costa rica ? 
  portugal was pretty poor comparing to other nations . 
  we only began the discoveries because we had to import wheat from france at a price tremendously high . 
  better delete the link . 
  it is punnishable with ban on the said subreddit . 
  quick before fascist mods find you !, 
   education , social security , or healthcare  not essential functions of the state and military is ? 
  go ask costa rica how they feel about this, 
  its political suicide to slash key areas such as education or healthcare and then spend money in the armed forces . 
  when you are under austerity its compreensable to neglect the military . 
  in addition to this , it became very clear that the major european powers ca n't even launch successful airstrikes against the non existent libyan air forces without the us aid to coordinate the strikes and replenish ammunition it is delusional to think that europe is ready to react to any form of military , even if it is in its backyard . 
  wtf spain is n't increasing its military expenditure !, 
  c'mon spain spend all the money you 've cutting horizontally in petty things like education , social security or healthcare just to met the target of gdp spending in a rule that the most members of nato do n't give a single fuck . 
  oh the humanity !, 
  how can the spanish people live without its crucial army ? 
  plus the kid looks like joffrey baratheon, 
   invade europe brazil , papai is coming again !,
