  how did the brno railway station referendum go ? 
  so she 's convicted of what ? 
  corruption ( it would be amazing given their name ) . 
  hey what happened to [ this guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_way_of_courage ) ? 
  they went from about 7 % to not even 0,5 % . 
   reddit is renown for being a liberal stronghold . 
  maybe 2 years ago . 
  check any thread on r/worldnews or another sub ( like this one ) discussing a sensible topic and you 'll see how a great part of reddit is very in line with populist retrogrades . 
   ( and maybe spain , portugal , and italy ) nah i 'm pretty sure the overwhelming majority knows that the eu has been great for us on the whole . 
  great work , thanks !, 
  richard , jr or senior ? 
  what group ? 
  ideological stances on the eu vary a lot even among the same europarty . 
  hugh thoma 's the spanish civil war is quie good also . 
  http://www.iom.int/news/migration-asylum-and-refugees-germany-understanding-data its amazing how even a foreigner like me knows this . 
  thats not true there are way more refugees in western germany than in old gdr . 
  `` i 'm sorry but i just want to exterminate your people from this continent . 
  nothing personal really , it 's that you 're just human leeches . 
  now do n't even dare to call me a racist . '', 
  yeah you ca n't even post stuff about turkey until some dumbass comes with `` turkey is n't europe '' or shitty 4chan memes . 
  it 's actually plugged to a donkey 's arse . 
  methane power and all that . 
  if only we could live in the portugal of the media . 
  damn that 's tacky . 
  it 's not usual . 
  at least it 's better than brexit shiposting or neonazi propaganda . 
  really so in your opinion a citizen in her country should be denied health care due to her past ? 
  that like throwing tha hippocratic oath under the bridge as the rights of every citizen . 
  far right nacionalists with liberal social values ? 
  not even wilders is like that . 
  thats like demanding socialists that like capitalism . 
  recently a mega evangelical brazilian church opened a replica of the second temple of jerusalem in s\u00e3o paulo . 
  milton keynes is in antartica then . 
  i doubt . 
  in other places than europe catholicism , protestantism or islam are growing a lot . 
  in south korea christianism is the fastest growing religion . 
  is there such a demand for enormous churches in romania ? 
  did the communists blow them up like they did in russia ? 
  indeed it might even cement even more their position as the party against the establishment . 
  that was in the early 2000s . 
  if you check recent polls about next year 's french presidential elections you 'll find a very similar situation to the american one . 
  although for better and worse the americans did n't had the massive economic problems that france continues to have . 
  she came back without any swedish state help so i suppose she did n't say a thing to police . 
  it 's still stupid to deny her coming back especially if her experience has been eye opening . 
  she should get mental health tough . 
  you can still vote for smaller parties . 
  for what i 've read about your elections in wikipedia you can go with the green party if you are more left-wing than the social-democrats . 
  i do n't know about lithuanian party financing but at least here in portugal a vote for a small party can be especially important so they get a subsidy . 
  that does n't have anything to do with emigration . 
  most people go after the money , and i suppose would love to stay in their country while getting a good salary . 
  so you want the nationalist equivalent of the socialist international ? 
  `` nationalists of the world , keep in your corner ! '', 
   ald ought to be a liberal economic party but it ends up as an odd social democratic party . 
  i have no idea what their purpose is anymore . 
  how so ? 
  they still defend economic and social liberalism . 
  i love how like in france the social-democrats are pushing for a new labour code that goes against the working classes . 
  this is why they 're dying all throughout europe . 
  what about the golden revolution ? 
  and yet most americans dont feel so just like europeans regarding the euparl . 
  maybe for the house . 
  in presidential at least 50 % of voters do so . 
  to me the comparison should be between the national parliamentary elections . 
  what ? 
  do you honestly the majority of the european population gives a shit about deals like this ? 
  the turnout to last european elections was 42 % . 
  only a few understand and care about the action of the european institutions . 
  he says he is taking up the democratic legacy of roosevelt . 
  basically social-democratic policies ( i know he calls himself socialist but he really isnt ) . 
  so no the european right wing is not to the left of the democratic party . 
  not really . 
  you wont hear a lot of center rightists talk like bernie sanders on living wages , breaking big banks or another progressive issues . 
   merchant of caos hello dogwhistle my friend . 
  still i find it very hard to believe you can get better payed in portugal than in the uk in any area . 
   my nephews have already worked in portugal , austria and denmark and they told me they passed up the uk because the money was shite in comparison . 
  things are changing . 
  one of the three is not on the same level . 
  so what ? 
  the exception does not make the rule . 
  then why just do n't go with peasants party ? 
  why add green at all ? 
  wait your green party promotes family values and religious friendly legislation ? 
  nah i she 's incapable of providing for the child then the child is taken away in put in the state 's forster care . 
  this forced contraception is authoritarianism at its best . 
  did you read the article ? 
   the european court of human rights ( ecthr ) has agreed to examine the complaint of designer robert kalinkin ( represented by the human rights monitoring institute in this case ) regarding the undue restriction of his freedom of expression . 
  without this court the designer would n't be able to appeal the decision by the supreme administrative court of lithuania . 
  this what 's great , you can appeal to a higher court on human rights such as freedom of expression . 
   `` we can never accept loopholes that allow instruments of death and torture to be traded or promoted '' , said eu commissioner for trade , cecilia malmstr\u00f6m , adding : `` from lethal drug injection systems to electric chairs or spiked batons , such terrible devices have no place in our societies . 
  in addition to prohibiting sales and exports , we are now banning the promotion of these goods at fairs and exhibitions , and introducing a fast-track mechanism to make sure that new products of this kind can be banned quickly . 
  it 's imperative that we can keep up with new developments . '', 
  sorry we did n't had a famine that killed and forced millions to emigration . 
  nor did half a million of young and old portuguese . 
  we lost 5 % of our population . 
  but to where would you go if you were afghani ? 
  central asia ? 
  the middle east ? 
  the only sane option is europe . 
  oh but we are . 
  the majority of them just like to be reasonably paid and with proper worker protections .
