  brazil ? 
  you know language maps are out of control when mirandese shows up . 
  yeah the muslim employees . 
  yeah usually they just try to beat up non-white people , harass people and burn stuff . 
  no biggie . 
   i 'm not sure why people like you are always on the defensive . 
  just calm down . 
  ultranationalists and fascists on the internet are one of the most easily triggered groups that can be . 
  apparently you ca n't call people what they are but if you do it 's your fault . 
   current system is considered ( rightly or wrong ) undemocratic how so ? 
  we was voted by the majority of meps . 
  it 's the same as in many parliamentary systems . 
  well he has already been convicted for corruption so i doubt anyone voting for him is expecting a `` clean '' candidate . 
  i agree with your underlying thinking but then again in this case the offensive part is not arbitrary at all , neonazism and full blown fascism are reasonable ideas to ban from a social network . 
  the big problem is that the internet ca n't be under government control for the good and the bad . 
  as things stand i ca n't see how the internet will change to being a space captured by corporations and basic demagoguery to a more idealistic utopian conception of the world wide web . 
   free speech has to have well defined legal boundaries , applied by judges , not by corporations . 
  but facebook is not obligated to give everyone a platforms to vomit shit . 
  do you currently live in kazakhstan ? 
  do you work in it ? 
  what are some of your favourite foods ? 
  cold , temperate or hot climate ? 
  small parts began before hitler 's rise . 
  the plans were from the weimar era . 
  uhm so not all that bad it seems , still i do n't believe renzi will drop the majoritarian second round . 
   but it will change anyway at this point given the agreement in the democratic party . 
  what agreement ? 
  do n't you need 2/3rd of the parliament to greenlight a new electoral law ? 
   if yes wins i 'll have an orgasm . 
  can you imagine berlusconi , grillo , d'alema the far left , the far right , the old christian democracy , monti , that ridicolous centrist party which is udc ... all losing at the same time ? 
  omg , yes yes yes     just kidding , i 'm voting yes because i think the reform will give us a more efficient democracy and probably more stability . 
  the irony would be you being happy about pd crushing the opposition and then m5s benefiting from the second round of italicum . 
  there wo n't be any revolution or insurgency in trump 's us . 
  yes you can have a similar governance like in `` illiberal democracies '' where the ultraconservative and the far-right manage to destroy the recent conquests of minorities and public policies by obama but i would n't so far to call it a `` failed democracy '' . 
  you 'll still have the republican senate , house and supreme court it 's not all of them will bow to trump . 
  he 'll have to negotiate with the different parts of the republican coalition . 
  yeah , she 's a complete train wreck . 
   failed democracy eh calm your tits mate . 
  their democratic system might be antiquated and strange for us but it still is the oldest continuously democratic country in the world . 
  not really . 
  affinity for the eu / = full blown centralized federalism, 
  we had that same path 10 years ago , did n't work out . 
  with today 's climate nor it will succed until we make small but tangible efforts to make the eu more democratic and working for all . 
   hat residency-for-sale program has a very good reason for existing . 
  here in portugal we have a similar programme and so far it has been a net positive for retail and companies catering to wealthy immigrants . 
  also one of our former ministers of interior is now being judged for corruption in this kinds of deals . 
  so yeah they 're shit . 
  mentally challenged then . 
  yeah i know but i was thinking how whenever a french president wins he usually gets a legislative majority that allows him to pass anything . 
  so you 're head of government is also a choice for the `` least bad '' . 
  because thank god we dont have a winner takes all political system ( well except the french ) . 
  she called half of trump supporters a basket of deplorables not voters . 
  i predict dc for clinton . 
  try to beat that . 
  but a great part of trump supporters [ are all those things ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/10/donald-trump-2016-white-nationalists-alt-right-214388 ) . 
  even groups like the kkk . 
   thing is they are both equally bad . 
  nah mate only if you drink the `` golden mean '' kool aid . 
  oh yeah it can also be that . 
  you 're taking the world of a historian from the xviii as the bible . 
  gibbon is now known as the major example of how not to be historian . 
  with greek governors !, 
  the ottoman empire had numerous minorities like the armenians , greeks , kurds , arabs , jews , etc. 
   yup . 
  iberia is known to be full of ultra-catholics back then sure . 
  even when most of europe was slowly turning away the fanaticism of christianity we were still burning jews , `` witches '' and other `` heathens '' . 
  you would have a better life as a non catholic in the papal states than in the iberian peninsula . 
  now not so much , we 're much more secular than even some post communist countries . 
  they are only recognizing the union as it was the confederacy that broke out . 
  so what ? 
  you get a quasi-fascist to bring back `` democracy '' and fight against corruption while himself admits of only caring about his interests ? 
  berlusconi did n't even had a tenth of the american president nor influence to change the world order . 
  what foreign interests ? 
  the soros boogyman again ? 
  i mean turkey does n't even [ coincide refugee status to any syrian or iraqis ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-refugees-idusbre93b0xo20130412 ) . 
   were the kkk even religiously motivated ? 
  i thought it was christian whites hating christian blacks because of skin color . 
  nah they also considered catholics as scum ( like the italians or irish ) . 
   -- edward gibbon . 
  the decline and fall of the roman empire , `` general observations on the fall of the roman empire in the west '' , chapter 38 / r/badhistory you 're basing yourself in book writen when the us were formed 200 years ago . 
   face it , the abrahamic religions are relatively more violent in history than any other religions , major or otherwise . 
  they might but you still have religous extrimists like any other religion like the brutal repression of the buddhist extrimist in myanmar . 
   so basically you suggest a system where rich states pay for the debt of poor states ? 
  where germany is responsible for portugese debt while not being able to do anyhting about it politically ? 
  that seems like a very lopsided idea . 
  yeah but i 'd also want to democratize the european institutions like enabling euparl function like a normal parliament ( the power to legislate ) or the true implementation of charter of fundamental rights . 
   the difference between the us and the eu is also more that the us did not face another crisis shortly after the 2008 crisis that europe faced . 
  because the the americans knew how to prevent another crisis like throwing a stimulus to the economy or assisting its banks . 
   is n't the euro already massively devaluated ? 
  for you , for us is too much . 
   is n't the ecb already rocking 0 interest for extended periods of time ? 
  that 's for the banks , our problems is that the clients of those banks do n't have capital for paying back or in the case of the state have resources to kickstart the economy . 
   are we not seeing monetary policy as if there was a crisis in times when the german economy is doing well ? 
  yeah sorry if every problem in the eu is n't linked for germany , at least you can have a gigantic trade surplus . 
   have government bonds of southern european states not gotten significantly cheaper after the introduction of the euro ? 
  of course but that was until the weaknesses of the euro appeared . 
  how can you have a sustainable currency union when the best performers get negative interest and the weaker 4-7 % ? 
  either we strife for convergence or it 's a failure . 
  by not safeguarding the weaker members the eurozone still lags compared to its rivals ( lets look at the us and it 's 3 % economic growth ) . 
  the system is incomplete and there is n't a push to finish it .
