  to me the only interesting thing from that village is the bus stop . 
  meh it 's the same generic pop bullshit in english . 
  if at least it was in swedish it would be a little bit more interesting . 
  its not pleasant to hear the same shit everytime thus subject comes up . 
  the same happens with americans and their politics or brits with their stuck up attitude . 
  yes that 's true but the usual far-right parties tend to soft their extremist views like not holding marches in fascist uniforms or openly calling citizens as `` cockroaches '' and other disgusting slurs . 
  to increase its voter base , front national got rid of the anti-semitism and anti-gay speech . 
  great comments , it 's good to have a more contextualized view on this recurring theme than the easy `` migrants = rapistas '' . 
  is it only a razem thing or did other parties join in ? 
  schulz was elected in the last european elections as a mep and got to remain as eu parliament president due to the alliance between s&d , alde and epp . 
  and i was hoping to hear them :(, 
  i 'd be careful we all know how accepting a couple of thousands of syrian refugees would turn your country in a islamic caliphate in a wink . 
  brutalist buildings just need love and maintenance . 
  i get that most people do n't like them but there 's still a lot of nouveau rich trash to choose from . 
  it just shows how childish this sub can be . 
  one day is the rapefugee mudslim invasion who will somehow destroy that artificial concept that is `` european culture '' the other day is shitposting cheap jokes about boats . 
  i would leaved it as a political petition , i do n't see why it would be removed . 
  i and a great deal of subscribers like that the sub is not only a news aggregator . 
  i would n't take it as a news source , the linked page is a political petition . 
  oh that was satuo a pet project of the former mayor of oeiras before the current corruption investigation . 
  it closed 8 months ago . 
  that 's a great way of getting a greek veto whenever the mighty v4 feel strongly about russia or another subject close to their heart . 
  just go to a psychiatrist , he 'll probably help you out with your identity crisis . 
  well you irish sure love to lift people on air . 
  / u/itstyrrellyo great work !, 
  scary how italy might get a jobbik or golden dawn as its third biggest party . 
   i would bet a lot of money that the greeks apply the same methods as the different european navies applied in the mediterranean . 
  what other methods ? 
  as far as i 'm aware every european coast guard rescues migrants . 
   you know , you could just sink the fucking thing once nobody is on board anymore . 
  sooner or later the smugglers will run out of boats . 
  i 'm sure the millionaire traffickers would run out of plastic boats whose price is negligible when they make thousands of euros per trip . 
  still i do n't see any meaningful way out . 
  how will you do that ? 
  will you push a boat near sinking to another country 's territorial waters without their authorization ? 
  are you ready to let dozens of people sink in the frozen sea ? 
   the bill was approved by 173 senators , with 71 opposing it and senators from the populist 5-star movement -- which has 35 seats in the upper house -- refusing to take part in the vote . 
  why would m5s do that ? 
  are n't most of its voters young left-wingers ? 
   no interest in reducing the influx how can they do that ? 
  please give credible proposals not loony ideas like shooting migrants or using water cannons on boats . 
  they probably postponed it for the real eu summit on migration . 
  yeah i noticed too , it only shows how paused and formal the king 's tone was . 
  the depressing part is that i really ca n't see fidesz losing government . 
  when your third biggest party is neonazi hope is very dim . 
  big agricultural farms in the summer and spring . 
  mostly in ribatejo , algarve and alentejo . 
  are you in the agricultural sector ? 
  we have thousands and thousands of asians picking fruit and vegetables . 
  you dont notice them as they 're seasonal workers . 
  so everything that goes a little bit against the eternal circlejerk of eesti , the e-paradise on earth , can only be bullshit ? 
  last year 's song was pretty catchy . 
  turns out that ultra fiscal orthodoxy isnt the best way to grow a country in a anemic growth continent . 
  that 's illegal in the eu . 
  we do n't even have a sizable steel industry . 
   spain and portugal need to stop fucking with our steel ? 
  how can you defend it ? 
  it 's an outdated and ineffective voting system . 
  newsflash : the iminent powers in europe do n't give a fuck about ukraine . 
  it 's not in the eu or nato so it 's not `` our '' concern . 
  do you know any poll numbers for the referendum ? 
  it 's that you 're well versed in the inner workings of european institutions and your flair shows alde as if you were a voter of that europarty . 
  wow i always though you were either german or british . 
  yeah libya where the islamic state has a hold and the country who is near yet another civil war . 
  central african countries ? 
  like those who have the islamic state in nigeria , central african republic ? 
  or those who had recently a islamist civil war like mali ? 
  oh and dont forget about sudan , chad and south sudan with josephs cony terrorist army . 
  yeah great places those will do perfectly . 
  ok chief . 
  which third world country will accept thousands of unwilling migrant ? 
  we didnt manage to avoid wwi . 
   edit : anyone care to explain why this is getting downvoted ? 
  or is it just / r/europe being as silly as ever ? 
  having sane solutions that go against the anti-distribution of refugees across european nations movement is highly disliked by the majority of the users in / r/europe for at least 6 months in . 
  moderates do n't feel compelled to speak up when the consensus is populist approaches to the crisis . 
  that map is a year old , massive offensives by the sdf ( kurdish led alliance ) and the syrian army ( with iranian , russian , hizbollah and shia militias help ) took place since then . 
  it 's not awesome , it 's bland sterile cnn 25 hours . 
  the news programming is too short and other non news shows feel fake . 
  euronews has to change a lot if it wants to be more than the 4 hours filler from 3:00 to sunrise . 
  the way he said was n't as prejudicial as ganymede tries to make it . 
  in short / u/timaeger was making the analogy with germany and romania/egypt the same way california views iowa . 
  belarus is n't part of eurostat ( the statistics bureau of the eu ) . 
  wow exciting i do n't remember seeing the jersey flair in the sub . 
  i have a few questions : * why do n't you have more parties in your regional assembly ? 
  it appears having a majority of independents might get really difficult for voters whenever they have to analyze the previous legislature . 
  * how often do people travel to france and the other channel islands ? 
  * do you realize that you 're a tax heaven on the ground or does that part of the economy it 's `` virtual '' ? 
  * i remember you have a fair share of portuguese emigrants , do they have any particularity that distinguishes them from the rest of the population ? 
  * is the general feeling entirely british or do you have some blended `` frenchness '' ? 
  thanks !, 
  yeah for foreigners , our own pensioners still have shitty pensions and state aid . 
  at least we got a major boom of french and northern european retirees in the last 3 years . 
  since the arab spring the amount of french tourists and real estate buyers are in the top 3 . 
   this is because the united kingdom has a double tax treaty with portugal and in 2009 , portugal introduced the nonhabitual residents regime . 
   this allows new arrivals who become tax resident to take all foreign sources of income such as pensions tax free for the first 10 years . 
   to qualify , you need to register as a non-habitual resident with the portuguese tax authorities , and after 10 years you will be taxed at portugal 's marginal rates . 
  come to portugal ( at least 6 months a year ) and enjoy your tax free pension for 10 years . 
  most viciously anti-migrants and extremist posters only aim for the popular posts relating to the scenario where europistan is only a couple of years of becoming reality . 
  too bad they 're more worried about isis in tobrouk or the present civil war with dozen of armed tribes and groups looting the country .
