  the second round does not allow for a third way . 
  how do you know its spent unfairly ? 
  do extremadura or castilla l\u00e9on dont deserve national solidarity to tackle their problems ? 
  he 's not competing with le pen 's electorate , he 's talking to the left and center right liberals spooked by fillon . 
  denying , every region should get the same treatment . 
   you missed the point . 
  we produce the money to have normal infrastructure . 
  try to convince me of staying in spain while the train i have to pick up to go to work is cronically late , and there 's only one every hour between 2 70,000 inhabitants cities ( that are within 5 minutes by car ) . 
  it 's an angolan level of railroad service . 
  if we managed our own money that probably would n't happen and should it happen , we at least would be able to take our own politicians accountable for it . 
  fine point but i fail to see why is that an argument for financial independence . 
  it 's up to minist\u00e9rio de fomento . 
   you missed the point . 
  it 's not a loan if it 's your money . 
  how do you know that 's part of your money and not from madrid or canarias ? 
  they managed to retain the privileges from the middle ages . 
  still does n't make it fair for the rest . 
  yeah and on paper so was angola , timor or mozambique to portugal . 
  yeah though luck . 
  in the end most of the economic motives for independence is that you do n't want to contribute to help out other regions . 
   some people still do n't understand we have no control over our money . 
  we give it all to the central government and then they redistribute it as they please . 
  that 's the way of your quasi federal state functions . 
  i suppose had catalonia been a autonom\u00eda that benefited from the transfers there would n't be so much commotion about having full financial independence . 
   we have shitty infrastructure that needs urgent funding . 
  i suppose other regions have pristine infrastructures then.only catalunya has this problem . 
  * wink wink *  we are not asking for loans or anything similar . 
  and yet : catalonia will ask for 7.300 mil $ to spain in 2017 http://www.economiadigital.es/es/notices/2016/12/cataluna-fla-2017-88077.php, 
  a lot of people do n't agree with their constitution and they still have to follow it . 
  is n't parliament starting to talk about a possible constitutional reform ? 
  i had the impression that pp was opening up for the inevitability . 
  the illiberals are very keen on dismantling democracy and rule of law . 
  so rule of law doesnt mean shit ? 
  why cant barcelona get independence from the rest of catalonia knowing most voters there are against an independent catalonia ? 
  how they heck was i supposed to know you 're portuguese . 
  the difference between portugal and catalonia is that they now live in a democratic state where they are equal to every other spaniard . 
  to become independent they must abide by the constitution ( accepted by all spain in 1978 ) . 
  knowing that they are n't suffering oppression or genocide i fail to understand why they can disrespect the supreme law . 
  its doesnt has to do with the `` left '' , its about upholding the liberal democracy . 
  you cant have that when there are blatant attacks on parties and quite complex propaganda operations . 
  what battles ? 
  being lied by mas to blame the rest of spain while they got away with corruption ? 
  why are you more special than galicia or asturias ? 
  why are you so needy ? 
  on the point . 
  his description of the post 2008 eu is unfortunately still the current line of action by the majority of member states . 
  you do n't understand that languages do n't belong to countries . 
  looking at the history of germany we can clearly understand how the concept of being `` german '' was a cultural one , bound by language and not where you lived . 
  you could be german and live in argentina , the banks of the volga or deep transylvania . 
  another interesting way of looking at things is how you could be german and be something else . 
  case in point : kafka . 
  with the emergence of the nation-state after wwi there was a forced assimilation of the concept of language , nationhood and state . 
  most languages are imported : today 's english came to be due to the mingling of various peoples , scottish gaelic came from ireland and so on . 
  after destroying all the regional languages and dialects . 
  belgians also speak their national languages : flemish , french and german . 
  if you ca n't separate the name of languages from the supposed `` correct '' term then it 's up to you to see that the concept of nation-state is merely a social construct . 
  it 's a plurinational state , their languages are native ( even if french only began appearing in the 19th century ) . 
  i can argue the same about english as the bastard child of imported languages . 
  it 's probably a very low level of proficiency . 
  it should be noted that the chart might be misleading as it refers to `` foreign languages '' as in languages from other countries . 
  if they had taken in consideration the number of languages i do n't doubt that spaniards or belgians would be higher . 
  so that 's why they killed the jews , they wanted the self-hating medal all to themselves . 
  if you believe that being religious is inherently unintelligent , then it 's you the rabid estonian nationalist who 's the fanatic . 
   also , european union is a country already , so countries inside it dont matter . 
  now that 's just wishful thinking . 
  for better and worse the eu has some aspects of being a sovereign state but at the same time is n't one . 
  and that 's normal knowing currently it is a thing of its own . 
  fight against tax fraud and evasion . 
  the others were reactions to something outside of euparls jurisdiction . 
  the money is channeled to specific projects both for the state as well for private corporations , farmers and other beneficiaries . 
  not globalism , globalization . 
  romania and bulgaria were n't welcomed in the fold so that germany could get their brightest citizens . 
  why is that ? 
  is their polling method more unreliable ( like using landlines and therefore having a disproportionate weight of older people ) ? 
  social and cultural norms . 
   the process or result of being obliged for economic reasons to favour , oite not being politically allied to it.r at least not oppose , the interests of the former soviet union desp, 
  what liberals ? 
  the fdp did n't even managed to get in the bundestag . 
  i believe you want to refer to the state . 
  the government is only the executive . 
   it 's power is insignificant compared to the power of the for - eu . 
  not really , in fact the german constitutional court is more powerful than most european institutions . 
  every time there 's a bailout package the eurozone holds its breath until karlsruhe makes a decision . 
  maybe 40 years ago , now not so much . 
  also the kurds want part of disputed iraqi lands like kirkuk or niveth plains . 
  i agree with you wholeheartdly though i 'm more worried about bloco being the instable partner rather than pcp . 
  ok but i 'm not arguing that democratic centralism is great or whatever . 
  the marxist notion of democracy or freedom is quite different from the liberal . 
  and pcp still works on that basis so you really ca n't be surprised if they invite `` brother-parties '' from north korea , china or angola and other particularities . 
   democratic centralism is really not a democratic system at all . 
  they claim everything is debated and an agreement is reached but in essence there is no way to prove this because they have 0 transparency unless you are in the `` in '' group . 
  this is not how a party should be managed , particularly one that wants to be close to the people . 
  i did n't argue for it . 
  i was merely noting how a leninist concept is still used by pcp for their modus operandi . 
  again it 's quite amusing how they still use a concept made for small clandestine revolutionary parties and later on to appear as a `` united front '' . 
   it 's like if ps made francisco assis back the geringon\u00e7a and never mention he disagreed with it . 
  did they ? 
  because in his p\u00fablico [ column ] ( https://www.publico.pt/2016/12/01/politica/noticia/a-obstinacao-proeuropeista-de-antonio-costa-1753262 ) he is n't shy on showing disapproval about the geringon\u00e7a . 
  the revolutionary rhetoric is still used even 40 years after the failed coup , that shows how a obsolete political message manages to be the first thing we associate with pcp . 
  propaganda at its finest .
