  no , in paper he `` just '' wants to change to presidential republic . 
  yeah but how are you going to talk about the dawn of european cultural thought based on civilizations that have n't left recordings ? 
  well it 's about european civilization , not in general . 
  what about those aggressive pro-tram people ? 
  you fail to understand that only a small minority of the diaspora usually cares to vote . 
  in italy in the last general elections the turnout for emigration seats ( 12 in 630 deputies , 5 senator out of 315 ) was only 30-31 % . 
  for portugal we have 4 out of 230 seats allocated to portuguese abroad with 17,4 % turnout for europe and 8,9 % for the rest of the world . 
  i fail to see the problem , did n't macron have a political rally in london ? 
  why the double standard ? 
  the make it seems only now is populism and the radical right a significant part of european elections . 
  the phenomenon has at least 20 years . 
  this is so patronizing , as if europe never had any problems with populists and the radical right . 
  at least the final point is probably the best message against populism , it 's not the will of the people . 
  exactly , for all the talk about how populism and far right lingo are horrible the same does n't apply when it 's `` patriotic '' to restrict someone else 's freedom of expression . 
  it 's a dog whistle . 
  it 's implied that you have to be `` normal '' ( whatever that means ) in order to live in the netherlands . 
  i 'd suppose a liberal fanboy could understand how easy it is to use apparently neutral language to convey subliminally a nativist line of thinking . 
  nonsense . 
  was it movement for rights and freedoms ? 
  well what happened in rotterdam was a perfect excuse for erdogan for various reasons . 
  unfortunately the dutch played perfectly for his narrative . 
   how would you like it if i moved to portugal with 20 friends , lived and worked there for several years , and `` just because '' tried to impose something on you , and your family etc our own rules even if it 'd be illegal in belgium ? 
  well i obviously would n't like it but you would be free to have your opinion and even protest ( supposing it 's all according to the law ) . 
  supposing you had portuguese citizenship then i do n't see why should we treat you differently . 
   integration 10/10 amirite ? 
  integration is n't to abandon your culture and opinion and replace it with whatever one can consider to be `` portugueseness '' ( though i wager it 's extremely difficult to say what is and what is n't an inherently portuguese value ) . 
   that 's not populism talk mr. that 's complete and utter bullshit , and they ought to be punished . 
  i 'm sorry but it is . 
  and stripping citizenships is n't an appropriate punishment for anything . 
   the subject being integration , if you fail to see the difference between an immigrant and someone of country x , living in country x , with only country x 's citizenship , you 're failing at reading comprehension . 
  an immigrant is n't someone who has citizenship of where he lives . 
  citizenship is n't bounded by ancestry , faith or ethnicity . 
   save me from this utter bullshit please , they are advocating something illegal in their own constitution on dutch soil . 
  they 're being dumb cunts , that 's all . 
  i 'm not on the side of turkish ministers , if they fuck up with their constitution is up to them . 
  in a hypothetical scenario if there are only 2 electors and 2 seats then you could get into parliament . 
  the closest would be the mps elected in the electoral district for emigration in europe where the center-left party got a seat with just 4,000 votes and the center-right electoral coalition with 5,000 . 
   interesting , in my opinion all they are is religious fanatics that do n't belong to any country as their only interest is inflicting harm on any and all that do n't agree with their beliefs . 
  we also have plenty of far-right terrorists and those do n't get to lose their citizenship do they ? 
   too lazy to google it , but afaik he 's rotting in jail , which is where he belongs . 
  with dutch citizenship . 
   also , i 'm not saying committing `` a '' crime should have your citizenship revoked . 
  i said that what should have your citizenship revoked would be up to the governing body of a state . 
  extreme failure to integration by the people now protesting in the netherlands ( imho ) could be one of the reasons . 
  this is precisely the populist authoritarian tentation , stripping citizenship because they did n't `` integrate '' ( in this case protesting ) . 
  i disagree with almost everything you wrote . 
  integration is n't a game checkpoint you do n't just achieve it . 
  it takes a long time and good faith from both sides , stripping dutch citizens of its citizenships to me that 's too authoritarian for my taste . 
  jihadis are still citizens and as such they still have the rights of not being stripped of its citizenship . 
  they can pay their sentence and deal with dutch justice . 
  i honestly do n't remember the same being applied to other types of extremists ( like the guy that killed pim fortuyn ) . 
  everyone is free to be stupid , believe in all kinds of crap and even commit criminal acts , their citizenship ( and it does not matter if their first , second or fifth ) is not up to the government to take away . 
  what i 'm saying it 'd boil down to ( or in my opinion should ) having to choose yourself where you wish to integrate - including all of its rights and obligations . 
  so effectively pushing those with citizenship to fit in one of two boxes . 
  either dutch or turk , but not both or in between . 
   government , however should be able to impose the regulations by which it is done , something the turkish community ( or rather the vocal part of it , and erdogan fanboys ) seem to reject , despite their own constitution . 
  the government should never strip anyone of his citizenship ( and i even include dutch jihadists ) and to restrict how many citizenships one has is fueling nativism with authoritarianism . 
  integration does n't work by force it has to come from both parts . 
  and even if there are a lot of dutch turks with afinity with erdogan so be it . 
  there are also a lot of dutch who vote for wilders or with neonazi sympathies . 
  well it depends , here in portugal we do n't have any and it 's explicitly forbidden by the constitution . 
  how ? 
  only `` pure '' citizens can be integrated ? 
  a dutch citizen with turkish citizenship compared to a dutch citizen with no other nationality is inherently `` less integrated '' on society ? 
  this truly is identity politics , the government deciding that you ca n't have a certain identity because for some shit reason it does n't make you `` fully '' dutch . 
  as if all dutch are super patriotic or those with double citizenship are a fifth column . 
  how the heck is n't it a bad thing ? 
  this manifestation is obviously terrible and nothing good can come out of it . 
  but it 's happening because of the gradual increase in tension , had the whole process been managed without strong emotions running wild in both sides the situation could 've been stabilized . 
  are you trying to make me answer that i 'm in favour of a hostile actions by supposedly turkish spec ops ? 
  of course !, 
  the reconquest of europe by the neoottoman empire had to begin somewhere !, 
  do n't know , pvv will probably win the most of this debacle . 
  people will want a strong nationalist answer and to that they 'll turn to wilders . 
  if that 's why then i can understand . 
  it could be if rutte was n't himself playing with populist rhetoric . 
  that letter he wrote was a great example of how to use a populist rethoric through dog whistles ( be normal ) . 
  well the turkish fm plane was n't allowed to land . 
  thanks , that makes it reasonable to not allow the rallies then . 
  still not letting turkish ministers enter the netherlands without an explicit court ruling is damaging . 
   just analyze what has happened so far . 
  no laws were changed . 
  no laws are being prepared . 
  so how exactly is it a danger for our free and liberal values ? 
  does having those values mean we have to bend over every single time ? 
  if your serious about those values then you do n't bend them . 
  the way this whole demagogic turkish tour around eu countries with substantial populations turkish citizens shows is how quickly those esteemed liberal values are `` bent '' . 
  of course . 
   a specific type of rally , yes . 
  a rally in which the turkish government can energize dutch citizens and convince them to support a power grab by the current turkish government leader , erdogan ( who thinks i 'm a nazi fascist ) . 
  and they should be able to do so . 
  the majority of them might even by impressionable brainwashed turkish citizens and they still can vote freely for erdogan gaining despotic powers . 
  because in the end it 's up to each voter to make up his mind , even if it 's completely brainwashed . 
   i highly doubt that . 
  yeah i 'm a shill , apart from soros , jidf and the russian state i also get payed by turks . 
   no it 's not . 
  you 're still misrepresenting the facts ( they threatened us , therefor they can not hold rallies here , it 's that simple ) , and i do n't know why . 
  but why ca n't they hold rallies , what makes it so different from political rallies by the dutch parties ? 
  is n't there a clear double standard ? 
   oh , so there goes .
