   but i do n't know what to think about that `` whole eu project '' , because we only are a monetarian union . 
  i mean , we are not like us . 
  we do n't even have a common offical language . 
  no we 're not . 
  the eu is primarily a political , a social and an economical union . 
  so because they 're small they can be ditched ? 
  bye guys i 'm about to embark in a crusade to defend my beloved homelabd !, 
  yeah sure what we need is a eu bay of pigs . 
  the navy is in the process of acquiring new ships . 
  we might buy a [ french multipurpose ship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_ship_siroco_ ( l9012 ) , earlier this year we bought two npo 's to denmark and in viana do castelo the new/old shipyards will deliever another two npo 's . 
  since the early 19th century with the industrialization of the coastal region ( the more connected to the exterior and where the rich and the state spend most ) there has been a constant rural emigration to the great cities . 
  there 's always / u/masquechatice ready to spell some pseudo racist/anti greek propaganda and there are some users ( like / u/tortulho ) who like to bash greece in a way only northern countries do when they read bild and other biased articles . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  most of them do n't understant that portugal will probably be in a much worse situation if grexit does happen . 
   relacions & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  grilled fish , cold soups , escargots , shellfish and a bunch of plates with fish . 
  in southern portugal is also common to eat gaspacho . 
  in alentejo they add a ice cube when the weather is in the 40s . 
  yo this is n't / int /, 
  you already did that last elections . 
  even dogecoin has a better reputation than bitcoin . 
  * divide and conquer *, 
  kosovo is still illegitimate . 
  a big chunk of the world do n't recognize them . 
  that was precisely the problem of the maastricht treaty . 
   looks like a band aid , rather than a solution to a long term problem everything in europe is a short term solution . 
  noone of those have the military facilities nor the strategic location of sevastopol . 
  is that really on the table ? 
  do you speak lenga d'\u00f2c ? 
  but you cant take it out of itunes . 
  it 's much more secure than only digital copies . 
  plus it 's nice to `` have '' an object . 
  all the land belongs to the state also . 
  farmers `` rent '' the land . 
  not even in a economic sense . 
  there are still huge parts of the economy in full control of the state . 
  the banks for example . 
  unless you are a languages teacher . 
  http://madespesapublica.blogspot.pt ? 
  it is . 
  i never cross whenever the traffic lights say so . 
  why are the coalitions already made before the election ? 
  it appears to be an election between the reds and the blues only . 
  yeah , back in samara 's time the econic situation was soo much different . 
  increasing the vat for 20 % , a shitty internal market and a super unstable economic outlook are not the kind of stuff that makes greece a very desirable place to invest . 
  but the economy was growing !, 
  look at that amazing last year !, 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i 'm not even religious but it 's clear that religion is n't a bad thing as reddit makes it to believe . 
  time to join russia ? 
  i agree . 
  the russians however do n't . 
   why are population of russia 's neighboring countries supposed to be non-people living at constant fear of russia 's invasion ? 
  do n't ask me . 
  i 'm not in favor of the russian psyche . 
  but you have to understand their position . 
  there will be 135 km between st.petersburg and a possible american base . 
   i do n't have a solution . 
   but you like to telll others what to do anyway ... 
  sigh ...  are n't you a righteous little cunt always charming . 
  i 'm probably using too much of your time of crusading the sub for stormfront or / r/european . 
  good riddance with your crusade !, 
  it 's very different . 
  to most russians the baltics , belarus and ukraine is still the `` border '' of russian controlled territory . 
   so you admit to setting up a complete strawman then . 
  there is nobody itt who said even remotely close to what you claimed . 
  go ahead and point to me when i claimed that . 
   australia did just that . 
  to australia is easy . 
  they had a small number of refugees and their program is criticized by every human rights ngo . 
   that 's a nice idealistic approach , but most of these people are n't 3even refugees . 
  they left their families behind ffs . 
  the women showing at borders in syria with their kids are refugees . 
  got a source on that ? 
  of course mostly man got in the boats . 
  women and children will problably go on once their husband or family manages a way for they to come to where he is . 
   even if they were all refugees , the idea that they should all move to europe is a mere impossibility . 
  i 'd like it if they could and it was somehow possible without international collapse , but it is n't . 
  it simply is n't possible . 
  i know . 
  but i do n't take it to the other extreme where we should close all the gates to these people . 
   also , there already is an official route to seek asylum . 
  these people are criminals , nothing more . 
  there is but sometimes the illegal way is the only way to get things done . 
  would you rather live in a refugee camp for the rest of your life or would you try to have a better life in a stable country ? 
   but you like to telll others what to do anyway ... 
  sigh ... yeah because you can only criticize something if you have a solution . 
   and which strawman is that again ? 
  what opinion have you cooked up for me this time in your righteously indignated little mind ? 
  what strawman ? 
  i never said you were saying any of this . 
  i just stated that a great part of this sub population is in for that . 
  it really is . 
  i 'm still hoping op is just autistic or underage . 
  do you have data on that assumption ? 
  i really find difficult to believe in your statement supported in stereotypes . 
  it do n't count on that . 
   that 's the thing , nobody is letting them drown . 
  can you link to such statement from this thread for example ? 
  in this thread there are none but there are plenty in other threads about immigration .
