   i for one still think that the term r\u00e9publica ch\u00e9ca is worse since it just sounds off as a country name compared to portugal , espanha , su\u00e9cia , etc. . . and when i write for university ( in any language ) i really need to make the distinction between france and french republic for example , so ch\u00e9quia / czechia makes my life way easier and makes sense to me as well ( after all , in czech , the word is \u010cesko ) so what ? 
  do you also have problems with ireland or canada ? 
  that 's not a problem at all . 
   i do n't find it too small nor a mouthful , i mean , if we can say cheque just fine then what 's so bad/hard about ch\u00e9quia ? 
  the accent and the final `` ia '' do n't work out with such a small word . 
  nevermind i do n't like the word . 
   besides , from my experience i 've read/heard ch\u00e9quia used often , although i mainly will admit it 's much more common in newly translated books than anything else . 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  it 's way more common to see checoslov\u00e1quia than this new fad . 
   remember when we started calling it `` a net '' instead of internet ? 
  net is as old as internet usage in portugal  remember when we started calling it `` a net '' instead of internet ? 
  the `` c '' is silent , the only change was on the way its written ( afterall it 's `` acordo ortogr\u00e1fico '' ) . 
   so ch\u00e9quia does n't work because it 's too small and mouthful and nearly nobody uses it ( which , to my experience , i disagree ) but somehow esdruxula is a perfectly fine word ? 
  yup . 
  to be fair apart from reddit i 've never heard about ch\u00e9quia in portuguese media or anywhere else . 
   well , for me it works fine , do n't caro and carro sound alike too and confuse the everliving fuck out of anyone but us ? 
  there 's a quite big difference between the soft r and the double r . the latter is way more aggressive and present . 
   plus , we have peru too , we can deal with ch\u00e9quia but peru has been like that for 500 years . 
  and the sound is quite simple . 
  ch\u00e9quia is too small and mouthful , practically no one uses it . 
  no it does n't , it 's a ridiculous word . 
  ch\u00e9quia sounds like cheque and does n't sound good . 
  does n't work for portuguese and i 'm not to fond of it so i prefer to use czech republic . 
  so if spain were to become a federal state would you not vote for independence in a future referendum ? 
  so in the end you want a federal spain with the basque country on it or outside ? 
  or you do it like royalty : manuel maria filipe carlos am\u00e9lio lu\u00eds miguel rafael gabriel gonzaga francisco de assis eug\u00e9nio de orle\u00e3es sab\u00f3ia e saxe-coburgo-gotha bragan\u00e7a . 
  here in portugal it has become rarer for women adopting the husband 's name . 
  and in our naming customs the father 's name is the last one . 
  marmelade commando banana albino baroque cobra flamingo mosquito vindaloo, 
  it 's a common reddit trope . 
  for some users it appears it 's something to be proud of . 
  what advantages ? 
  the czech republic and slovenia are next to two of the top10 biggest economies of the planet . 
  they both had much better education and inequality indexes than the southern countries . 
  following the fall of the wall they implemented the usual liberal policies that help out making your country with enough conditions for foreign investment ( especially compared when wages are lower than in peripheral portugal ) . 
  there 's a whole menu of stuff on why multiple different situations get different results , now if you adhere to simplistic thinking then it must be easy to find one or two reasons for complex subjects like the economy . 
  you look at the economy of a country while clearly not knowing a thing about its context or history . 
  no one in its right mind would compare such different scenarios like a state of the richest and most powerful nation in the world with a relatively small peripheral european country . 
  it 's ironic you talk about violence as if our recent history had anything close to it . 
  i can only recall the late 1920 's to really describe portugal as a violent country . 
  this is kinda related , [ here 's an article ] ( http://www.gq.com/story/the-libertarian-utopia-thats-just-a-bunch-of-white-guys-on-a-tiny-island?mbid=synd_digg ) about liberland , the libertarian utopia independent until croatia and serbia reach an agreement on its common borders . 
  that 's easy for you to argue if you do n't think of what we 've achieved in the last 50 years . 
  they 're always restoring part of it as it 's huge so it 's no surprise it is n't like a hdr filled photo . 
  the royal family never lived there , it was the pet project of the german consort of maria ii . 
  apart from brief stays in holidays and the last night the last king slept in portugal it never was much used by the royal family . 
   the interior garden ( ? ), 
  was poorly restored with mismatched tiles all over , did n't think that 's how a unesco world heritage site would be maintained . 
  the whole place is a pastiche so the different tiles are intentional . 
  the ddr museum is also nice . 
  not flashy but it 's a good time capsule . 
  why did n't you join the boy scouts then ? 
  at least they go camping , get drunk and fuck each others . 
  so you * just * use all the military paraphernalia , learn about military stuff and do military related stuff . 
   my instructor even said that his mission is n't making us marines , but just productive members of society well if he said so it must be the truth , especially being a `` productive member of society '' . 
  not really . 
  but before the revolution we had the * mocidade portuguesa * our take on hitler 's youth . 
  reading about jrotc it appears it is a more tame pioneer movement or a youth paramilitary group . 
  scary stuff . 
  there 's a ton to see in spain , unless you plan to visit for more than 2 week i would n't go to portugal . 
  the same can be applied to romania . 
  it 's corruption is much better than a lot of developing countries . 
  san marino was the italian refuge of garibaldi plus i dont think most people give a damn about a small microstate . 
  if you think human rights are feelgood reasons then it becomes quite clear why decent people do n't like your proposals . 
  that 's just you . 
  i 've heard pedra-tesoura-papel, 
  i think that 's because it was the only country where communist parties were n't banned . 
   the eu also does n't want to keep english as the official language after brexit . 
  what facts do you have of this ? 
  it 's more probable for the eu to make esperanto an official and working language than scrap english . 
  why would they ditch english ? 
  it 's an official language in ireland and malta . 
  plus it 's the lingua franca of the whole union and the most used working language . 
  yeah that 's just stupid . 
  sadiq khan is a completely reasonable person as a politician and as a muslim briton . 
  one 's vote should n't weight more or less due to his background , faith or belief . 
  i find it fascinating how on one hand you want to exclude muslims but in the other you want to give to non muslim asians more voting power due to legal machinations . 
  so fuck off racist shit . 
  of course it was . 
  the same happened to practically every european state : spain , naples , the duchies of northern italy , helvetic confederation , netherlands , denmark , german states ... 
  they did managed to occupy . 
  junot was the governor of portugal after the royal family left for brasil . 
  if you 're going to say something do n't be misleading . 
  the population growth in swedish cities is because of immigration or is it also of rural flight ? 
  is the gov or city hall building more ? 
  maybe not in mainstream catholic europe but it 's quite common in communities with evangelicals and other protestants . 
  but one does n't exclude the others . 
  or maybe those who exist do n't like to expose themselves . 
  i would n't be surprised if they declared themselves to be muslim only to be harassed on reddit by racist shit bags . 
  at least in portugal all parties are in favour of receiving refugees ( about 10,000 ) . 
  compared to the rest of europe ( and even spain ) portuguese politics are quite consensual ( at least everyone except the two leftist parties ) on foreign policy , defense and human rights . 
  every now and then a plane with refugees lands and they get help from the government , municipalities , ongs , etc. 
  in spain the conservative gov agreed to about 16,000 and most parties are too for receiving them . 
  now i 'm not sure if pp is very keen in accepting more but as far i know there is n't a lot of backlash from the autonom\u00edas ( the spanish autonomous provinces ) . 
  it 's a mix of not having to deal with the refugee crisis , a long history of people of different ethnicities and religions and so to speak a more open mind regarding immigrants . 
  not really in the iberian peninsula and i doubt ireland has a lot of discussion going on . 
  most of those are not even made in the us or in case of food they 're usually a franchising that uses national ingredients . 
  i mean if we go with the original form : when the workers own the mean of production . 
  so apart from very small periods of time we did n't ever had a socialist state in original meaning of the term . 
  even the soviet union did away with the soviets .
