  hopefully the have the same progression christian-democrats had in europe . 
  liberalism is n't in any way connected to islamism . 
  the copenhagen commission should be a permanent european agency with powers to give input about the state of fundamental rights in each member state . 
  almost everything is democracy , the difference between britain and spain is that due to the uk 's non codified constitution it 's possible to allow constitucional changes in the common s with a simple majority while in spain to allow a legal catalonian independence referendum it would be necessary to change the constitution with a 2/3 majority in the lower chamber and in the upper . 
  but the `` people 's will '' ( something that can mean totalitarian politics ) is bounded by the constitutional limits of their state . 
  exactly , this change does n't make anyone less , it 's a net positive for everyone . 
  that 's normal for the interior . 
  the same in tr\u00e1s os montes or the majority of spain . 
  10 % is the turkish threshold that every elections can make hdp ( leftist kurdish party ) in or out as they do n't always get enough votes . 
  then they have the same problem that happens in poland , the biggest party has an artificial majority ( or close to ) . 
  the state does n't have the power to force religious establishments to accept things they do n't want nor they should . 
  it 's not silly , it 's equal legal treatment for homossexual couples . 
  nothing . 
  it just makes things clearer in cases as in lesbian couples where one gave birth to the child . 
  but they are n't changing the meaning for mother , they 're dropping it from the legal wording . 
  neutral legal wording is now radical ? 
  they 're both right wing party alliances . 
  even if they 're more centrist compared to ecr or right wing radical populists . 
  what 's the brazilia ? 
  any link to brazil ? 
  sorry but the same right does n't use conspiracy theories like cultural marxism/jewish bolshevism . 
  if you go to the epp , ecr or alde i doubt a significant number of members would take cultural marxism as serious . 
  he 's in the american and european sense a liberal . 
  and he might find marxist organizations but i hardly believe it seeing he is a fan of a book that considers marxism a threat to an open society ( one of his core values ) or that almost never is an ngo marxist . 
  no one here doubts antifa usually have marxist and other leftists members as well as their preferred symbols . 
  what you were implying is that somehow george soros a liberal billionaire funds antifa marches and any sort of marxist organizations . 
  antifa is n't even an organization . 
  and how would they be supported by a liberal ? 
  the guy is the ultimate liberal why would he be a marxist ? 
  why do you conspiritards do n't even know the meaning of the terms you use ? 
  exactly in europe most conservative and liberal sectors were against universal male franchise due to the `` threat '' of socialists or religious influence . 
  here in portugal the republican party was in favour of universal suffrage before the fall of the monarchy but when it came to implement it on the new 1911 constitution they left it out as the poor uneducated people would be controlled by priests . 
  ironically the monarchy had more eligible voters in its last years than the first 10 years of the republic . 
  and about female voting let 's say that in 1913 parliament changed voter eligibility because a woman managed to vote as she was `` family head '' ( widow with small children ) and the first female phycisian in the country . 
  or do n't . 
  if people show up to vote then they 're interested . 
  curtailing suffrage is just a method to make it easier to have your preferences approved . 
  what are some marxist organizations soros funds ? 
  he 's a liberal democrat , for god sake his instutute is named after karl popper 's * the open society and its enemies * , famous for saying that socrates , hegel and marx were the enemies of a non totalitarian society . 
  but there is n't a right or wrong vote , your regressive proposal of going back to the 19th century in terms of suffrage is n't going to make parliamentary democracy healthier . 
  i 'm myself quite baffled about this website but because of the last paragraph most certainly a desguised political point to seem like the website is by any means `` far-left '' . 
   not only is macron 's statement condescending and offensive , it 's revealing . 
  european nations are completely oblivious to the value of life -- at their own peril . 
  it 's trolling . 
  here 's the about page of the website :  mrctv is an online media platform designed to broadcast conservative values , culture , politics , liberal media bias , and entertainment to a new and diverse audience on a social media optimized site . 
   our goal is to break down the boundaries between traditional conservative media and mainstream culture . 
   mrctv is brought to you by the media research center , a 501 ( c ) 3 nonprofit research and education organization . 
  the mrc is located at : 1900 campus commons dr. , reston , va 20191 . 
  for information about the mrc , please visit www.mrc.org . 
  we has quite a pious bloke , he has a full book on his view of christianity . 
  he was a christian anarchist . 
  here the few people that know about divisi\u00f3n azul know it for the salient aspect of its existence : it was full of iberian fascists eager to help nazi germany fight against the `` red asiatic threat '' . 
  knowing the small number of votes in estonian elections it 's even worse . 
  man this guy is one of the top especialist in populism . 
  i 'd trust him more than a wikipedia article . 
  no and the same on bernie sanders . 
  they have some talking points that might seem that ( for the many not the few , we are the 99 % ) but those are interely in line with the discourse of socialism and their political camps . 
  i do n't remember corbyn or sanders saying that every voter is `` pure '' or that the political class is all crooks ( knowing both campaigned in one of the two biggest parties , while trump did that even when campaigning for republican nominee ) . 
  the author explicitly says it 's a thin ideology , it needs a stronger host ideology to support it . 
  and populism is mostly on the fringes , be it with radical right nativism , authoritarianism or left wing socialism . 
  so populism is not only saying popular things . 
  did you even read the text ? 
  nothing beats s\u00e3o jorge da morrunhanha tough . 
  yeah . 
  btw great username , 
  i tried to look it up , but it was in my twitter timeline . 
  twitter does n't have a history backlog so i do n't think i can find it unless i spend too much time . 
  i wonder if they 'll be amicable with slovakia 's elected openly neonazi party . 
  i ca n't think of one epp or ecr party that could be considered progressive . 
  i love when centuries old theological disputes are revived on the internet . 
  yesterday or so there was some rabble on twitter between protestants and catholics after some one appeal for unity against islam . 
  even a us state senator threw some lines against the heretical catholics . 
  you 're right , should be turkish sultanates . 
  yeah that 's nice pr lingo , might work for someone more naive . 
  in the end they 're neofascists and using politically correct language wo n't change that . 
  nope . 
  the better comparison would be the yearly raids of the early caliphate into byzantine anatolia . 
  depends on who you were . 
  if you were muslims must certainly , the same if jewish and if christian 's you 'd be better in a christian 's ( supposing you are the right type , like not arian or nestorian ) kingdom . 
  comparatively non muslims had a way better life in al andalus than non christians in christian kingdoms . 
  and the chinese president got to be right next to the host . 
  salazar died in a palace surrounded by servants , hardly dying `` poor '' . 
  let 's not forget he fell off the chair while in holidays in a national fort prepared as his summer residence . 
  it 's not like i was supposing you were n't far-right leaning . 
  i 'm very aware that unfortunately a large part of the portuguese population has a good image of the guy but to say that a shitty tv telephone contest is in any way a credible way of showing the collective opinion of the country it 's insane . 
   the so-called `` secret police '' was in fact a security agency dedicated to counter-espionage and counter-insurgency , which tried to counter terrorist groups controlled by dictatorships such as the soviet union or algeria . 
  we 're talking about a time where communist agents cooperated with soviet military not only to equip , train , and finance military campaigns against portugal but also in spying on nato . 
   he won the popular contest of `` os grandes portugueses '' which is a spin off of `` greatest britons '' in 2007 . 
  he is definetly not a `` scumbag '' as you call him . 
  lots of people admire him . 
  in second place was the historic communist leader \u00c1lvaro cunhal . 
  taking telephone polls seriously is really a desperate argument by apologists . 
  amazing . 
  also why do people use the eggplant emoji for porn related discussions ? 
  actually we have at least 4 different environmentalist parties . 
  but you 're right about ribeiro telles ( he later dropped of the monarchist party and founded the right-wing mpt ) . 
  is there uncensored japanese porn ? 
  i thought all legal porn had restrictions . 
  no it does n't , there was a euroactiv article that noted that unlike ceta there was n't discussion of such mechanism at this stage . 
  the vast majority of ukrainians in poland are n't refugees , they 're immigrants .
