  `` only '' . 
  and to include the us is laughable when you do n't even mention china or the arab countries . 
  man c'mon do n't be pathetic . 
  even if you would offer them an absurd amount of money they wouldnt accept . 
  dignity and state unity is more important to them than receiving money to have an open sized border office . 
  of course . 
  it 's so usual nowadays . 
  why would n't a country sell part of its sovereign land just to accommodate the unwanted of europe ? 
   set aside some sort of control zone around tunisia and algeria surely the algerians or the tunisians ( who as we saw last week have more than enough problems with their own population ) will agree !, 
  oh it 's true . 
  the creditors have the upper hand in any negotiation . 
  if the current government does not agree to the deal , a new government get elected with on a platform to agree . 
  mali with their own isis is not a warzone ? 
  central african republic where the lord 's army roams ? 
  south sudan who has a civil war ? 
  and in eritrea where if you are conscripted you stay in the army fro 20 years being a slave to the state . 
   eu is a family that was your mistake . 
  we only care about solidarity when it doesnt hurt us much . 
  i was only talking about the humanitarian crisis , not the whole political-military situation in the fertile crescent . 
  so countries like mali , central african republic , eritrea or south sudan are all fine and dandy ? 
  tbh she had far more power in the greek crisis last 4 years than any greek politician . 
  if the european countries would cancel its economic ties with all flawed democracies or dictatorships trade would fall way beyond half of what it used to be . 
  read again . 
  they have about 1-2 million syrians there . 
  they are doing their share . 
  no need to be rude, 
  just some notes : massam\u00e1 is the place where passos coelho lives . 
  he was born in coimbra and spent most of his childhood in angola . 
  irrelevant username . 
  did you know that your username translates to `` seal9 '' ? 
  and like most revolts it got squashed by the authorities . 
  let 's call a referendum !, 
  after juan carlos stepped in did n't you had some sort of `` defascisation '' like we had here or in other dictatorships ? 
  that 's what communism get you . 
  australia is filled with all kinds of minerals and precious metals . 
  nordics are more integrated with central europe than portugal will ever be with just spain or morocco . 
  they left the arrow symbol ? 
  and to think i had to wear two layers of clothes yesterday . 
  but hey at least we finally managed to overtake the greeks !, 
  remember remember the 4th of 2000, 
  it isnt , we only share a land border with spain who is also one of the gateways of drug trafficking in europe . 
  every 3 months or so the police always detains a small boat filled with all kinds of drugs in the coast the algarve and the river border with spain . 
  better leave the country bleeding to death just to make a moral point indeed . 
  it 's not the greeks fault you 're a dick . 
  what a stupid way of thinking . 
  the pcp has always been anti-eu so i assume that even the younger generation follows the party line . 
  maybe you 're thinking about bloco de esquerdo who is one of the most pro eu parties here . 
  here we have the good ol' communist party and some lesser known m-l and maoist parties . 
   the commune as the center of society  `` the creation of an operational level where all kinds of social and political groups , religious communities , or intellectual tendencies can express themselves directly in all local decision-making processes can also be called participative democracy . ''  -- abdullah \u00d6calan , democratic confederalism ( london , 2011 ) , p. 26 . 
   democratic confederalism has as its goal the autonomy of society : in other words , instead of the state governing society , a politicized society manages itself . 
  as against capitalist modernity , it proposes democratic modernity . 
  in rojava , to make this system possible , the center of the social system became the commune . 
  the commune , the self-management of the streets , would emerge as the hub of the society . 
   decision making in the communes requires that quotas be met -- that is , in order to make a decision , here and in all councils in rojava , at least 40 percent of those who participate in the discussions must be women . 
  in the communes , current issues of administration , energy , and food supply , as well as social problems like patriarchal violence , family conflicts , and much else , are discussed and if possible resolved . 
  the communes have commissions that address all social questions , everything from the organization of defense to justice to infrastructure to youth to the economy and the construction of individual cooperatives -- such as bakeries , clothing production , and agricultural projects . 
  the ecology commissions concern themselves with urban sanitation as well as specifically ecological problems . 
  at the forefront is the imperative to strengthen the social position of women : committees for women 's economy help women develop economic independence . 
   the commune , as the mala gel ( people 's house ) , lends support in all questions ; it is simultaneously an institution of support and a kind of court . 
  central to its processes is the ideal of agreement and compensation ; for general offenses , the causes of an infraction are investigated and overcome , and the victim is protected . 
  for patriarchal violence and all attacks that affect women , the mala jinan ( women 's house ) is in charge ; it is attached to the women 's council , a parallel structure to the commune 's mixed-gender council . 
  more similar to anarchist communism . 
  pyd is also communist . 
  they mostly adhere to democratic confederalism . 
  i doubt merkel will ever do anything out of the box . 
   who is going to punish them and how ? 
  there are currently no further talks about cyprus on the agenda . 
  some sort of difficulty to their programme or more strict measures by the economical orthodox germans , dutch or finns . 
   the eu is no evil organization who crushes everyone who thinks different . 
  it 's not evil but it cenrtanly makes the life harder for those who do not think that austerity above all can resolve the problem of public debts . 
   nobody is going to punish cyprus for aligning with france you really belive that ? 
  cyprus the tiny island who has too a bailout programme and that relies on the northern european mood about their economical performance ? 
  cyprus does not have the same weight as france tough . 
  france can be against the majority . 
  money and a good investor environment . 
  reach an agreement with the greek government where both parties have a realist program to deal with the huge debt . 
  seccession and another wave of pkk terrorist attacks . 
  because syrian kurds actually like syria and know that if they become their own country that would only bring more problems . 
  not even the syrian kurds want independence . 
  they just want autonomy like the krg in iraq . 
  the referendums to change the overall structure of the eu today , the lisbon treaty was rejected by 3 countries ( if i 'm not mistaken ) and the eu still managed to make those countries to accept . 
  not a good argument . 
   european , which would imply at least some anti-russian sentiment . 
  i really do n't understand this whole `` russia is n't european !, 
  not even a tenth of / r/europe subscribers comments . 
  / r/europe got defaulted for european users . 
  and as the sub grew the more attention of stormfronters , neo nazis and other radical shitposter all across the internet . 
  basicly they view the sub as part of their crusade to `` enlighten '' europeans . 
  opposed , what a shitstorm for just a insignificant little quirk . 
  it 's like subreddit drama month here in r/europe . 
  mostly from / r/european, 
  i think far more people support his billinguism than those who do n't like it for some stupid reason . 
  `` they chose '' that 's your problem . 
  animals are not racional . 
  ditch them and they 'll go right to putin 's arms . 
  well if you say so adolfcromnwell, 
   this is europe for christ sake europe the fairy land where the benelux have a black helper for saint nicolas or europe the magical land where being catholic or protestant can get you killed in northern ireland . 
  its pretty stupid to compare humans with animals . 
  you wouldnt have a house slave in a golden cage yet cats , birds and other domestic animals live like that . 
  it depends on the country .
