  on twitter . 
  it will never be banned the same way the zwarte piet will never be banned from the netherlands . 
  they 're probably the biggest user base in this sub and we are all speaking english in a anglo based website so of course that translates in a big portion of posts about the anglosaxonic world . 
  uhmmm ... what about no ? 
  the ride never ends, 
  care to expand please ? 
   southern odessa obla i was talking about budjak, 
   the referendum on what ? 
  * elections are coming * crisis * partial privatization of our national airline * corruption investigation of the ex-pm, 
  i 'll just give two reasonable proposals : fix the croatian serbian problem , the danube should be the border . 
  reunite moldova with romania and maybe annex the southern odessa oblast to romania ? 
  just ask in either / r/travel or / r/italy . 
  and btw italy is perfectly safe for young women . 
  yeah but those are still a fraction of what it could be . 
  iirc it will be up to 18,5 % of the grid . 
  yeah but it 's not like the eu did a thorough assessment of the greek finances, 
  the good ol ` days of imperialism . 
  that reminds me of a portuguese massacre in mozambique . 
  in the end the troops played football with the insurgents heads :(, 
  wow the pilots did take their mission of damaging the company the best they could . 
  they 're more of fortresses than embassies . 
  always this fucking argument . 
  the greek governement has published the list a few das after it won the elections . 
  more racism and xenophobic comments . 
  now we have a bigger diversity in nationalities and different insights from each view . 
  how is it racist ? 
  he 's referring to anglos as a pressure group . 
  kind of . 
  the eu acts as if it does n't know that belarus , ukraine and the southern caucasus states are basically the russian border according to the russian mentality . 
  basically has usual we follow the americans who were bold enough to expand nato eastwards to the gates of russia . 
  then again the eu does whatever it can to help ukraine even tough everyone knows that the ukraine will never become a nato or a eu member for at least 30 years . 
  and the 3rd article is interesting too  art. 3 - romanian territory ca n't be colonized with gypsie population did i translate it correctly ? 
  edit : disregard what i said . 
  for a correct translation read the romanian replies . 
  care to source the study please ? 
  * shhuuu * * dont disturb the `` dae refugees are greedy migrants '' *, 
  dont you mean saudi arabia or the uae ? 
  * tips fedora *, 
   they are probably the only sane investors ( and i am a financial trader ) that would invest in southern europe . 
  there are other investors . 
  we have some advantages . 
   in my opinion they do that because of similar culture . 
  true but here the government does n't care much about the origin of the money . 
  in france they had a huge scandal due to a angolan arm deal . 
   i do not think they should be reject or being mocked even if its the elite . 
  what ? 
  you got ta be kidding  i have a question for your what is the polical climate for investors in portugal are there some kind of backlash from fringe parties ? 
  next elections either we get a socialist goverment or another right , liberal government . 
  we only have radical parties on the left and those do n't have much of a chance of winning the elections . 
  do you know why they dont stay in the south ? 
  they go to the rich north . 
  any person with a head would prefer to rebuild their life in a prosperou country that isnt in the shitter . 
  religion ? 
  you know we arent all pious catholics right ? 
  now that i think about it prexit ( portugal ) could mean abortion . 
  the last one with the travelling bear is super cute . 
  i 'd choose that one . 
  look the fascist usa http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces#fasces_in_the_united_states . 
  or the well known french fascist republic http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces#fasces_in_france and do n't forget the other dozen of fascist instituions like the communist republic of cuba or the fascist united kingdom armed forces http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces#other_modern_authorities_and_movements, 
  just because it was heavily used by fascists it does n't mean the fasces is a symbol of fascism . 
  he 'll probably end up in a correctional school until he 's 18, 
  hold on robin hood, 
  yeah that 's right !, 
  here in our enlighted subreddit we only target the blacks , gypsies and the inferior lazy southerners . . how dare you attack someone who does n't have any grasp in the whole problem in greece ? 
   a hand written apology is in order . 
  you 'll get a booklets full of pictograms . 
  last summer was the apocalypse, 
  thanks biden, 
   i think poland should give back the suwa\u0142ki region ( not all of it but just a little bit . 
  mostly towns and regions who are clearly historically lithuanian ) and issue a public apology for the whole vilnius issue . 
  i think then even the less educated lithuanians would cease their hate for everything polish . 
  why ? 
  heresy !, 
  man this is just one of the / r/european and stormfront raid in this subreddit . 
  it 's the same with iberia in the caucasus and the peninsula or galicia in ukraine vs the one in spain . 
  thanks , biden, 
  do you use galician as mother tongue or is it castillian ? 
  uhm . 
  i suppose now they are n't willing to readjust the border . 
  ; _ ; thanks for the free insult !, 
  a coru\u00f1a population speaks mostly castillian do n't they ? 
  what a ugly border . 
  why is n't the right bank serbian ? 
  `` that 's what she said '' - michael scott, 
  that 's french guiana . 
  btw they are a department of france . 
  the username check out, 
  their national squad already plays in the algarve so it wouldnt be a big deal . 
  are you working in nokia ? 
   i love sitting there during sauna and talk and socialize with other people who are at the sauna too . 
  so you usually go with your girlfriend 's parents to a sauna ? 
  is n't it awkward ? 
  very little . 
  all the major parties are pro eu , except the communists . 
  this recent years the right ( the 2 parties in power ) have taken pro economic orthodox position , in the lines of the germans , the socialist aim a pro growth position where measures affecting the domestic market are eased . 
  everyone agrees with good relations with the us , except of course of the far left . 
  and after the us and the eu our major partners are the portuguese speaking countries whom everyone is happy with . 
   was downvoted . 
  it 's the usual / r/european and stormfront raid to / r/europe . 
   the source does n't matter .
