  the fact they repeat it ad nauseam only make it even more creepy . 
  the spanish song has terrible lyrics . 
  it can be used to cheer for jihad or taking it in the butt . 
  he 's going for the bieber/1direction vote . 
  yay for the croatian pavarotti !, 
  azerbeijan 's feels like it 's part of a post apocalyptic film . 
  apparently he needs an heart transplant . 
  wow i had the impression roma were especially looked down . 
  really ? 
  is he roma or unusually darker ? 
  it is . 
  just like orthodoxy , catholicism and other religions . 
  you did n't fight shit kiddo . 
  if your views align with the ressurgent far-right internet culture then you are close to a neonazi . 
  islam and european muslims are also part of europe so it 's nothing new . 
  you can be afraid of an increase in extremist values that some muslims have but then again you have to respect their views . 
  the eu is about fucking `` united in diversity '' and very liberal values on freedoms . 
  like freedom to wear a hijab or being a muslim . 
  nope , they 'll probably be in first place . 
  that will shut up ignorants that populism was dead . 
  melenchon and pcf fought and apparently they 're not going to the legislatives together . 
  so does / u/random-guy 410 . 
  marriage is no longer an exclusively religious matter . 
  some men just want to watch the world brexit, 
  in the side bar there 's a place to select a flair . 
  of all those only whatever melenchon 's group ( that will probably include pcf ) is conjuring can be considered a big far-left movement . 
  a truly social-democratic ps ( finally without social-liberals ) or the greens occupy a space that goes from the left to the center-left . 
  to categorize them as far-left is dishonest and frankly shows how the political scene drastically moved to the right . 
  edit : apparently melenchon and pcf are no more , the left tradition of splitting goes forth . 
  it 's a tactical game like merkel and the bailouts . 
  you can be against the current path but still appreciate the prospect of an united europe . 
  for example the eu that the ventotene manifesto imagined . 
  would 've been better to risk having italy request a bailout , effectively crashing the euro ? 
  draghi 's `` within our mandate , the ecb is ready to do whatever it takes to preserve the euro . '', 
  at least was the necessary action to avoid colapse . 
  gosh here i was expecting sh\u00e4uble and merkel giving in to the tremendous pressure of / u/mordiken 's comments . 
  what big far left parties ? 
  pdg but what else ? 
  it is . 
  rich people should n't get money like poor people , what 's so difficult to understand about it ? 
  no , i have a problem with ubi precisely because it 's universal . 
  a system that is blind to the economic situation of each recipient it 's flawed in it 's conception . 
  i do n't have patience for moralistic crap , equal opportunity without proportionality is merely lip service for redirecting the social function of the state to the betterment of those who are already well off . 
  one of the biggest problems of ubi is that their biggest proponents usually are right-wing liberals that try to mask the destruction of the social state with this rent . 
  nope , a billionaire and a street cleaner getting the same is n't social justice . 
  well then i 'll show you how vlaams block is again at 10 % while a more whitewashed version of them ( n-va ) is close to 30 % . 
  this is in flanders because in wallonia a far-left communist party reached 20 % . 
  so clearly the people who vote for populists do n't sustaintable come back to established parties . 
   speeches about immigration are easy to make in the current situation , militant islamist are an easy way to populists speeches on brown people , it 's not as if they came up with something out of thin air . 
  similar to eu - there 's definitely things to change there . 
  it 's almost as if - unbelievably - they act as a legit opposition force . 
  ( i ca n't believe i am saying that ... ) of course , that 's why i say do n't underestimate them and declare that populist parties are over . 
  they are here to stay ( and in some countries they are part of the political system for close to 20-30 years ) . 
  well i do n't , that 's the way for the eurozone to crumble and with it the eu . 
  marine is talking of creating a new party that encompasses both fn and debout la republique so he might have a career as the next step in the `` debolisation '' of marine . 
  it 's closer to a neoliberal dream than a communist one . 
  ubi gives money to everyone , so a leper and a millionare get the same . 
  where 's the social justice in it ? 
  the danger it 's not right-wing parties ( i mean afterall macron or d66 are from that political family ) , it 's every populist party either from the right , left or whatever they seem fit in a particular week ( like m5s ) . 
  in many cases they manage to steer the political scene to their preferred topics like more inflamed speeches about immigration , populist remarks on the eu ( and euro ) or minorities . 
  hardly a victory for forces for an open society . 
  if there 's anyone being tamed then it 's establishment parties both in the right and left . 
  evidently not ? 
  do you think populism is done ? 
  after it got 1/3 of the voters in france , close to 50 % in austria and the possibility of winning in italy ? 
  of course it 's a wave , and it 's here to stay . 
  last week we had an ama with 2 fn candidates . 
  hope that there is n't a bad omen like the lightning that striked hollande 's first journey to berlin . 
  the main danger is the normalization of that discourse and possible policies directed at immigrants , refugees and dutch citizens with foreign ancestry . 
  they helped push the overton window closer to pvv 's ideological space . 
  it was right wing populism that enabled the victory of vvd in the netherlands , they and cda co-opted a lot of pvv points . 
  globalism is n't even a serious concept . 
  gaspacho as always . 
  check out mmp and stv . 
  pretty much this , even if the gov is supported by the radical left the current path isnt that different from what it would be if the right was in power ( in a macro level , because internally a lot would 've changed ) . 
  we 're still tightening the belt , but instead of slashing pensions and public employees wages we cut down on public investment ( that 's why we 're spending less on it than anywhere else in the eu ) . 
  the same in portugal , a country with abysmal reading habits . 
  uhm , thanks . 
  was n't belarus ssr with close to 25 % ? 
  bangladesh is overwhelmingly muslim . 
  yeah for the closer future i do n't see anything major happening in the portuguese political scene . 
  if the * geringon\u00e7a * holds up to the end of the legislature ps and psd will thankfully distance themselves in terms of proposals , maybe more smaller parties can get in parliament ( i 'm looking forward especially for any of the new liberals parties ) . 
  ps obviously , even tough until 2015 it was one of the most centrist parties in pes . 
  there is n't much of liberalism in the left to begin with , apart from social values ( but then again that being socially liberal is n't the same as being liberal ) . 
  god riddance to ashamed centrists and center-right `` social-democrats '' , may they join the liberals instead of contributing to the end of social-democracy . 
  well ca n't disagree with socks . 
  the left is already divided , what i prefer is that at least the social-democrats do n't get groups that are much better served with liberals and centrists . 
  the alliances can also extend to the left side , instead of pushing the center-left to centrist and center-right politics . 
  a lot of alde 's members also do n't fit in the label of liberalism . 
  more than other euparl groups alde always tries to get whatever they can in order to boost their numbers . 
  if it was up to me , smer would be yet again suspended from pes and the euparl group . 
  they 're no better than other populists full of cronies . 
  regarding the rest obviously the majority of pes parties are overwhelmingly close to the mainstream liberal-conservative economic thinking but i would n't say to boot them out . 
  simply try to steer the group to the center-left instead of being failures to their core voters or reaching for liberal and conservative voters . 
  every pes party in government is mostly in line with the corrent dogma , you 're right about the nordic soc-dems but then again they 've alway been much more liberal than the rest . 
  east of germany or austria ( sp\u00d6 has also been drifting more and more to the right in order to try to catch fp\u00d6 voters ) the supposedly center-left parties are ideologically empty so it 's not strange that it still is the old western section that still tries to deal with the long social-democratic heritage . 
  increasingly insignificant parties like pvda , irish labour , psf , pasok or the belgium duos either try to engage in progressive alliances on the left or they 'll rot in favour of more radical left parties . 
   macron : `` let be pragmastist and do evidence-based-policies . '', 
  ahahah you bought the stupid r/neoliberal meme . 
  good for you .
