  i would like to know if this is your first statement as a candidate to renew your post as president of the eurogroup . '', 
  actually i 'd prefer if there were n't any flags , the previous government was n't traitorous or anything like that . 
  sure i 'm not saying everyone who uses the national flag is fascist but obviously it 's being nationalistic . 
  you 're free to be it but of course you 're going to get second looks , particularly in countries whose dictatorships were adamant about national symbols and a chauvinistic line of thinking about your country . 
  of course that 's what i am . 
  but i do n't need to wave the national flag to express my patriotism . 
  well i kinda agree with that feeling , why the need to use the national flag except for certain institutional events ? 
  it 's quite clear that for nationalists the flag is their preferred toy . 
  it 's exactly what you 're saying . 
  in spain they were fond of dwarfs . 
  what republican symbols ? 
  the flag ? 
  what can the military teach to someone who will probably live his life in cities ? 
  i know it isnt , i already know we 're not going anywhere . 
  there 's no `` valuable discussion '' with far right loons who believe in cultural bolshevism . 
  `` cultural marxism '' you sad little guys . 
  hahaha really the one that got cancelled because the far right nuts wanted to bring 10 `` security guys '' ? 
  you really eat all the shit you can believe in . 
  go read last saturday 's expresso or the faculty 's email they sent to everyone . 
  compared to other options it 's not attractive enough . 
  i 'm done with supposedly `` discuss '' seriously . 
  i 'm way more interest in importing a gazillion muslims to rape european women . 
  all because of cultural marxism and afraid of being called racist of course . 
   and yes , i am a liberal and a member of the liberal party here in my country ( sds ) that actually fights the reactionaries and the xenophobes from ataka and bsp . 
  good for you , but then again being a liberal in bulgaria is much close to romanian `` social-democrats '' or fidesz `` christian-democrats '' to any coherent ideology . 
  if / pol / or one of the multiple far-right youtube channels told it then it must be a hidden truth by those darn cultural bolsheviks . 
  yeah just a degree of separation to nuremberg laws . 
  well put . 
   ... well , i mean at least it no longer is up for discussion whenever the president of turkey is calling for it . 
  yeah because obviously the soon to be de jure turkish autocrat would only say truthful things . 
  of course you would come up with nativist rhetoric about the notion of nationality . 
  it 's no wonder for far-right enthusiasts only `` true '' germans have clean bloodlines . 
   i am a liberal love me love me love ... 
  i 'm a liberal . 
  you reactionaries have such a bad pr that you need to think of youselves as just level-headed liberals . 
  the sub 's `` realists '' also like their own bubble . 
  of course it would be . 
  what 's a native german ? 
  because there are plenty of germans with immigrant ancestors . 
  gl quadrupled their seats and d66 got +7 seats while not taking the easy way of populism . 
  cda and vvd played with the islamophobic fear and empty buzzwords ( `` be normal '' or `` christian values '' ) . 
  that way they managed to get what could 've been votes for pvv that wanted to shape the right 's political line . 
   those are not `` left wing values '' . 
  traditional left wing was jobs , welfare and workers rights . 
  you 're right , the left nowadays also embraced social issues and took stances in modern paradigms . 
  but then again only in 2 or 3 countries does your `` traditional left '' stil exist , they 're the communists and old school socialists ( it 's not wonder the dutch sp lost a seat ) . 
  identity politics is the bulk of politics today and it 's the far right who have profited the most of the identity struggle ( specially when they get a token black guy , a flamboyant gay or a half-asian member ) . 
   denying biological differences between sexes , letting men use girls bathrooms if they say they are a women 10 minutes ago , forcing others to use pronouns which a fluid and can change at a moment , denying the effects of external cultures on european society = pc culture are leftists denying biological differences ? 
  or are talking about social standards ? 
   letting men use girls bathrooms if they say they are a women 10 minutes ago , it 's amusing to accuse others of identity politics when transphobia is apparently one of the new kulturkampf themes of the reactionary right . 
  trans women are not dudes who change their gender every 10 minute nor men , so it 's only fair to let them use the appropriate toilet . 
   forcing others to use pronouns which a fluid and can change at a moment do n't mix tumblrisms with real ideological discourse . 
   denying the effects of external cultures on european society = pc culture c'mon drop the political correctness . 
  if you want to use the `` barbarians at the gates '' analogy just do it . 
  at least you go straight to the issue . 
  why should any decent person not discriminate against fascists or nazis ? 
  you use islamists referring to muslims , there 's not much to argue in this point . 
  be honest , you do n't want muslims in your society , textbook bigotry . 
  pc culture is the latest buzzword for a very old phenomenon : politicial correctness in the political debate . 
  it applies to almost every actor : be it leftists , liberals , far-right , conservatives ...  ou stop fighting your ideological enemies when they happen to have a different skin colour because you are mortally affraid of the `` r '' word . 
  treating differently minorities ( be it religious , ethnic or sexual ) just because it 's racism . 
  i do n't hear mainstream leftist parties and politicians accepting islamism , bigotry or negative discrimination . 
  nah , even the gains of the left ca n't make up for the losses of the center-left . 
  man that 's a convoluted way of saying the 14 words . 
  for the right and reactionaries leftwing values of tolerance , equality or non discrimination are pc culture . 
  to some freedom of speech is politically correct as it politically incorrect to disclose that they 're bigoted . 
  another example : for pp and c 's talking about independence or a federal spain is politically incorrect . 
  uhm then they 're right . 
  the political discourse moved to the right , particularity to what to national populists preferred themes . 
  if anything wilders electorate is n't being ignored . 
   they should understand that the trump administration ( which is heavily criticized here in europe ) is acting an argument againist alt-right and populism . 
  european national populism is way older than trump . 
  and the issues in each national election are n't if trump did this or `` ethics in videogame journalism '' . 
  any kind of classification depends on your political and cultural background . 
  for anglophone political scientists i do n't doubt they might think social liberalism is left . 
  still the fundamental question lingers : are social liberals pro markets and for less state intervention ? 
  yes, 
  they 're adressing the same kind of electorate , although erdogan is n't an islamist this type of discourse feeds the european reactionary right and vice-versa . 
  `` unless the left moves aways from one of its core values then it 's done '' if you do n't like the way liberals and leftists see culture ok just do n't suppose they have to agree with you . 
  the big winners of wednesday 's election were two cosmopolitan parties both in the left and right . 
  psd was part of eldr but still to this day alde 's group on euparl is full of supposedly liberals . 
  belonging to a group there does n't tell us much about a party 's ideological inclination . 
  about s\u00e1 carneiro , you could even argue he was a liberal as he started in the `` liberal sector '' of ac\u00e7\u00e3o nacional popular but on a closer look he had a strange idea of mixing social-democracy , christian thought and right wing views . 
  had he survived he would 've developed as a classical christian democrat while calling himself `` social-democrat '' . 
  nope . 
  psd never had as right wing politics as it had in the last government . 
  i ca n't remember when psd was remotely socially liberal . 
  also psd has it 's die hard electorate , the possible liberal party does n't . 
  they are center-right . 
  are liberals pro markets and for less state intervention ? 
  if yes then they are clearly right wing . 
  mate just accept it , why are you so obsessed for passing as center-left or avoiding the label of right wing as if it is the plague ? 
  and about authoritarianism , that 's a whole new axis . 
  i agree although they would n't get much of the vote . 
  only ashamed right wing parties claim they do n't fit in the left-right division . 
  yeah right it 's not like for the past 3 months the eu defense union is being fast tracked by every major european country when faced with the prospect of an unwilling american administration . 
  business as usual , nothing to see here . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/young-professionals-in-foreign-policy/the-netherlands-and-germa_b_9283072.html what 's this then ? 
  is a eu army less eu interference ? 
  the political aspiration of each political and ideological group differ a lot , there 's not a `` single '' eu aspiration .
