  one has to wonder how are they immigration `` extremists '' when it 's even center left parties like italy 's pd that advocate an increasingly nativist rethoric and actions ( the code of conduct for ngos , the militarization of the mediterranean ) or austria 's sp\u00d6 putting walls on the borders . 
  the far right and radical rights are an influential part of the pan european party system but let 's not suppose they 're they even represent a 1/3 of the electorate on average . 
  there are various parts that show that apart from specific circumstances ( like france 's and austria 's second rounds ) on average the european radical right gets about 20 % in western europe . 
  the fact that you take it that only those who vote for them show the real grievances ignores the vast majority of the population that votes for parties that support an open society and a more multicultural outlook . 
  obviously your framing your point of view as of our sociedade arent heterogeneous and plural . 
  it kinda did . 
  it still lives on in more historical cosmopolitan urban centers . 
  divisions that forget the cold war and it 's implications to this days are at best naive . 
  austria shares more with belgium and france than hungary in areas like the economy , demography or shared history for the last 70 years . 
  the western/eastern divide is n't applicable just because it hurts the feelings of eastern europeans , like the northern/southern divide . 
  fact is that the soviet period marked immensely the culture and the geopolitics of europe and things like the recent refugee crisis only highlighted that that axis still makes sense . 
  accurate ? 
  russia is n't european ? 
  croatia is n't in the balkans ? 
  hungary and germany are in the same group ? 
  i get that eastern europeans have some sort of daddy issues with simplistic geopolitical divisions but the amount of butthurt this causes them is ridiculous . 
  i suppose it was n't as usual in western europe as it appears to have been in eastern europe where you even have a specific term for it . 
  hehe it 's not like we 're experts in the first 2 too !, 
  como sempre os portugueses conseguem ser fanaticamente defensivos na internet . 
  \u00c9 o que d\u00e1 a ladainha do luso tropicalista para feels good . 
  or maybe the conception of being german is different from the one that 's 70 years old . 
  obviously i 'm taking the post cold war definition . 
  do n't worry small russia . 
  it 's not ignorant , they serve a purpose . 
  so if it was n't for a legitimate popular protest against dictatorships the middle east would be comparable to europe ? 
  even tourism jobs are known for being precarious and underpayed while employees suffer a lot . 
  there are scientific facts and then there are various ways of thinking about policy or ideology . 
  people arguing for the proposal obviously have a different thought pattern when dealing with this subject opposed to those ( like the czech government ) against it . 
  there 's a degree of empathy but to me the most important thing in this thread being spewed at is basic human rights ( at least something european states like to follow for the most part ) like a fair trial , to not being subject to torture and sexual violence and more importantly to not be executed ( even more if it 's a state ) . 
  would it be possible for the opposition ( without the neonazis ) to form government if they get enough seats in a snap election ? 
  snap i mistook them . 
  back to the 90s i guess . 
  i share your view of online news organizations when i discover a new one i usually peruses the `` about '' section and google the name . 
  but euractiv is a good bet , better than politico.eu in terms of being open of their bias and funding . 
  so what is the coalition contract ? 
  you 're being downvoted due to your naive belief that in terms of economic strength the only factor that matters is low taxation . 
  that and being too stubborn to understand the implications of a race to the bottom . 
  about 12-10 years ago , it 's a niche paneuropean news website drawing most of it 's content from european newspapers and news agencies . 
  it relies on private contributions like foundations , state grants and companies et all but those are well identified . 
  thanks !, 
  the fact that he is n't capable of catching the floating vote from center-left to center-right just assures me he wo n't get much more than 25 % . 
  a shame he seemed to be someone who could finally make a big change in the european project after so many years of merkel 's push for intergovermentalism and conservative options . 
  care to expand ? 
  from what i 've read from non-german media he has reasonable proposals for a more healthy eu and german perspective . 
  now that 's he 's in the same place sigmar gabriel was he appears to reasorting to cheap attacks at merkel like saying the refugee crisis was n't handled on the best manner . 
  finally did wahlumfrage.de update their website design for something post 1998 . 
  immigration or some social issues are n't something exclusive to being left-wing . 
  practically all liberals would favour social liberalism or a more open immigration posture, 
  just looking at your post history it 's quite easy to see you 're not in the best mental shape . 
  in terms of historical geography is closer to 80 % than half . 
  there 's also catherine the great of the russian empire . 
  yeah because the same british edwardian shit has a lot of soul on it . 
  ironically the same is happening to brutalist masterpieces . 
  states and municipalieis are knocking them over because they `` are n't pretty '' . 
  at the least the new town hall is nice , it 's a good combo of 60s modernist architecture with its surroundings . 
  but you were n't talking about traditional architecture , it seemed you were referring to 19th-early 20th century ornate architecture . 
  then do n't be surprised when the price doubles . 
  i agree that we need various axis and more importantly sectorial axis . 
  but to me the left-right divide is the best one in terms of judging political alignments if we only use one defining contrast or even with all possible . 
  that 's why i can see the authoritarian and conservative left while there are liberals and progressives on the right . 
  actually almost every possible skin pigment took part in that war . 
  depends on which . 
  the international or the american ? 
  but at the time economically being right wing was n't considered to be default free market liberal . 
  only in the late 70s and 80s much of the right wing theory put a focus on liberalism . 
  eh cds is nothing like the others in that list . 
  the party is center-right with a conservative view . 
  just last week they dropped out of a local coalition for october 's local elections in a lisbon suburb because the right wing candidate began spewing xenophobic shit about gypsies and other easy populist talking points . 
  ordinary germans are n't nazis or live in heinrich himmlers reserve . 
  seeing that in 2 years nothing as come out of it in practical results i 'm not sure i can see what 's amazing about this company , is it because bill gates funds it or it 's not yet proven plans ? 
  i 'm sure grand plans and pr lingo will do wonders until 2030 . 
  yeah if things end up in civil war i can see yet another wave of * retornados * like the half million portuguese citizens that came from the newly independent ex-colonies . 
  it 's going to be fun to have another refugee crisis in europe . 
  i ca n't see how sinn fein fits in the populist label , they 've embraced constitucional democracy and do n't have a simplistic view of the `` pure '' people vs the corrupt elites . 
  of course not but investing in energetic connections between european countries ( like renewable producing nations in iberia for example to continental europe , pushing france to stop blockading effective connectors ) , more investment in energy reserves or emphasing more natural gas in diversified suppliers via sea or gasodutes . 
  it goes without saying that all this is a medium-long term strategy . 
  populism is n't far-right extremism . 
  nowadays in south america or southern europe most populists are left-wing . 
  yeah apart from the small problem of nuclear waste . 
  look up on pitcairn the place on earth with the biggest % of sex offenders ( the fact that everyone that lives there is related makes it even worse ) . 
  there are close to 300,000 portuguese citizens and descendents in venezuela , most from madeira . 
  the fact that the island has seen about 3,000-4 ,000 come back in the last months is beginning to make a strain on social security , social housing , education and the state contribution to medicines . 
  the same reason why the uk has a pedo incestuous island in the middle of the pacific . 
  probably because moroccans are one of the biggest immigrant communities in the netherlands . 
  here almost every day we have new stories about venezuela . 
  i do n't think there will ever be a fission nuclear power plant in the next 60 years with the amount of current funding channeled . 
  nuclear power is only sustainable because governments prop energy companies with millions of subsidies without a sight of them being economically viable , unlike renewables . 
  the only way to win in the us is when you are one of the two parties candidate . 
  trump was the constitution party presidential candidate in 2000 and obviously that did n't work out well . 
  even the closest the has ever been to a third party candidate with chances of winning ralph nader did n't go anywhere than `` steal '' votes from al gore . 
  that 's a big problem for relevant green parties across western europe . 
  their selling points are now part of every mainstream party manifesto and their values ( open society , multiculturalism , civil liberties ) are n't well considered by a big part of the electorate . 
  in terms of national popular polls the major aggregate pollsters like 538 got a good prediction , the problem as in the uk is that you have to factor a non proportional electoral system for the actual results . 
  had clinton hold the blue wall and got florida she would 've win . 
  in the end the election was decide by 30,000 votes in swing states . 
  in france it 's relatively easy for a candidate to campaign and win a presidential election . 
  the fact that there 's a more equalized field like public funding , debates with multiple candidates or a 2 round system help a lot . 
  that 's why the german electoral system has a 5 % electoral threshold and the constitution allows to ban extremist political parties . 
  the question is why portugal and ireland do n't have populists . 
  every other european country has them .
