  a true roma baron this guy who had a pig and a horse to sell . 
  the ones who own large criminal networks of prostitution or slavery ? 
  nah those are poor as they remain in romania . 
  how do they not have nothing to fear ? 
  they do n't understand a thing of our politics and seeing this wave of complete disregard of human rights and refugee rights they ca n't see things getting better . 
  you have neonazis bands trying to enact `` popular justice '' , the deadlock of eu migration strategy and the recent turkish deal . 
  if they leave for turkey they believe they 'll be sent back . 
  it 's not doublethink dumbass . 
  modern states do n't have a preferred ethnic group . 
  you can be ethnically german and romanian at the same time ( like your president ) . 
  those are inhabited by people who want to remain british . 
  the bases never had a referendum nor any inclination to have one . 
  its neocolonialism due to history . 
  roma that lived and live in romania are romanians just like the hungarians in transylvania or the germans are . 
  the romanian nation does not belong to a single ethnic group . 
  great another conspiracy theorist . 
  look i do n't care if you think you know more of etymology than the people who work on it . 
  even if roma is associated with romania so be it , gypsies means egyptian so as you can see words get different meanings with time . 
  roma or romani is the correct way to adress them , as gypsie became derogatory in almost all europe ( for example in portugal and spain it 's totally ok to call them gitanos or ciganos ) . 
  mate i understand that being associated with the roma sucks ( a lot of portuguese suffer from the same type of racism especially in border controls ) . 
  to equate that to full blown racist attitude to them is despicable . 
  even if the majority of them are scammers or thieves it 's still not correct to paint them all with the same brush . 
  there are subgroups . 
  like the irish traveller 's or the iberian gypsies . 
  yes if there 's anything that the donald is good is at delegating . 
  plus he 's a level-headed speaker . 
   i care about people , we 're talking about gypsies tho great , i believe a lot of germans also did n't believe jews were n't people so it 's all good . 
  always refreshing to find common ground with a trump supporter especially someone with neofascist leanings . 
  well considering you 're a nationalistic american with feelings for ukraine while supporting trump ( how can you support the guy who wants to hand eastern europe to putin ? ), 
  i bet you really do n't care about a great deal of people . 
  and what about the brits ? 
  that 's not how the judiciary works . 
  if the sole positive spin you can attribute to them is that at least they are n't like saudi arabia then there 's not much to tell . 
  even if their programs are similar to the old socialdemocrats ( i agree with you on this ) being populist is the way you act . 
  for example eglesias one sided proposal to psoe or the fixation on the surpasso rather than building a stable left alternative . 
  even sidelining errej\u00f3n due to his more constructive approach . 
   trump and many other republicans do n't believe in it . 
  they 're not considered to be an extremists either . 
  if trump or the evangelic republican crazies are n't extremists then who is ? 
  only the neofascists ? 
  if anything what they are n't is far-left . 
  but populists apply perfectly . 
  there 's the fdp, 
  that does n't matter for the industrious armchair politicians of r/europe . 
  i dont believe it would be directly controled all the way to brussels . 
  probably just the municipality like in major towns . 
  at least dont mask it as humanitarian action . 
  oh it 's the same as here then . 
  add to the ecb 's mandate incresing jobs like the american fed . 
  continue with the current program to buy bonds of vulnerable countries , become the lender of last resort ... eurobonds would help out a lot , tackling fiscal diversion ( ending the irish , luxembourg and dutch policies , and then push small tax paradises like guernsey or the caiman islands ) . 
  give more leeway in state defict , like not counting investment like a negative thing . 
  and so on ... 
  i 'm more worried about the european far-right cozying up with putin than the orange haired buffon . 
  or a brexit related comment . 
  we have nato for that . 
  plus i do n't see austria or ireland pleading for a eu army as it would go against their neutral stance . 
  in most democracies our command in chief is elected , the american one being the prime example . 
  the random dudes backup their claims or they are recognized by the / r/askhistorians community as knowledgeable enough . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/sipie/to_what_extent_was_the_national_socialist_german/ https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1a14rm/how_socialist_was_the_nazi_ie_national_socialist/ https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1qrabr/what_about_national_socialism_in_germany_was/ have fun, 
  you emphasized the socialist as if the nsdap was different from the other far-rights for it 's supposedly socialist leanings . 
  that 's blatantly false , national socialist does n't have much in common with socialist bar the name and some minor tenets . 
  yeah i know , afterall we can all agree on truthfulness of the german democratic republic , the democratic people 's republic of korea , the republic of china or the moldavian ssr before the annexation of romanian moldova, 
  please just do n't . 
  nothing substancial will come out of it . 
  maybe some steps in strenghting schengen but apart from that not much . 
  so what ? 
  do you also doubt of ft or the economist just because they 're british ? 
  bulgaria ? 
  i had the impression it was on a similar path to romania . 
  especially the vatican , the vatican bank was a big scandal a couple of years back . 
  says the guys who has to google translate the sub . 
  that 's not porto , it 's braga . 
  i love the political correctness of the political incorrect . 
  some one chating racist and neofascist chants ? 
  they are just `` concerned citizens '' who were somehow pushed into `` action '' . 
  i bet you could also say that those who burned refugee asylums were merely trying to get rid of `` pests '' or the crumbling infrastructure . 
  lol if you spew racist and other types of phobias to other minorities at least acknowledge it . 
   president of the eurogroup , afaik . 
  ffs the eurogroup is not even a real institution , it 's existence is not on the treaties . 
  the guy 's a donalder , he 's not interested in knowledgeable discussion . 
  well at least your open about it . 
  yes . 
  if anything it only tells about your parents . 
  you 're right i 'm not very worried about the supposedly `` islamization '' of europe . 
  but still how does a name has to do anything about integration ? 
  i know you are a fn fan but why are they different ? 
  they are white therefore ok ? 
  and in what way does a name makes you less french ( even more knowing that france has a more open idea of being french than other countries ) ? 
  is the romanian president less romanian due to his german heritage ? 
  what about sarkozy or the english queen ? 
  oh of course , i 'm sure that in the middle east christians , shia muslims or sunni muslims have completely different views on culture and other plethora of subjects . 
  oh you misunderstood me , when i said the far-right party winning in 1st place i pictured it as not having the majority of seats ( in most of the western and northern parliamentary democracies there 's not a great recent history of a single party majority ) . 
   i forget what they 're called , but the danish far right party has been in helping to rule the country for years . 
  it can happen . 
  as far as i understand the dansk folkeparti are tamer than other populist far-right parties , they put more emphasis in agrarianism and were capable of sitting at a table and negociate . 
  all the other ones ( except the finnish and norwegian ) have such a distruptive and radical view on the established right wing that 's they block themselves in being the angry kids screaming . 
   do you think that countries ruled by parliamentary majority , without a powerful directly elected presidency , are more likely to elect demagogues from the far right ? 
  yes but because it 's easier to be elected in a parlamentary system than in a presidential one has there 's only one winner therefore you need the majority of the votes ( or electoral votes in the american context ) . 
   on the face of it , one would think that the elect company of parliamentarians would be less likely to be swayed by demagoguery . 
  actually i think it 's the opposite , in the parliaments you begin to have a core electorate while in the presidential race you have to cater to the majority 's interest ( see trump and his laughable attempt at reaching out to other groups than white males ) .
