  great story , wish this type of integration programmes could be more common . 
  spain has/had a strong internal market . 
  plus they did n't had laws against industrialization like we did . 
  go ahead and volunteer youself then . 
  we do n't need more expansionist wars in the 21st century . 
  afterall foreign occupation of a country always gos well . 
  as most of them do n't consider reformism ( ergo taking part in elections ) they do n't have any public expression apart from strikes , marches or the occasional street fighting . 
  in various part of the globe there are several far left insurgencies like the farc ( they 'll put downs their weapons if colombians agree with the agreement via referendum ) , the naxalite maoist army in india ( and they are big ) , the pkk in turkey and so on . 
  even in europe we had our own share . 
  of course afterall having a puppet dictator always lead to stable regimes that respect human rights . 
  plus once he dies the transition will surely be swift and calm . 
  this plan is not more than a pipe dream for orban to try to deflect any responsibilities hungary might take regarding the refugee situation . 
  we ca n't play neocolonialism in a country divided between tribal , geographic and islamics . 
  they have enough on their plate . 
   legally a power sharing agreement between factions oh i 'm sure the other government in tobruk will surely put down their weapons when the mighty orban says so . 
  it 's amazing how most people did not learn a thing from operation iraqui freedom . 
  you mean the one that lost last month ras la nouf and other border towns next to sirte ? 
  the one that 's primarily composed by militias ? 
  if anything our decline started with northern european competition on africa , south america and more important asia . 
  the iberian union did n't help out when we had to be dragged into spanish wars . 
  but for me the more important factor was throwing away our industry in the first years of the 18th century . 
  the discovery of humongous gold reserves on brazil and the methuen treaty killed whatever internal production we had . 
  later on in the second half with the pombaline reforms that too went to shit with the peninsular war and the royal exile on rio . 
  contrary to the urban myth scandinavian societies were wealthy on its own right . 
  namely with industrialization in the 19th century . 
  having a lot of wealth is n't good per se . 
  i do n't consider equatorial guinea a good place just because their gdp per capita is inflated by the oil ( that ends up in the usual pockets ) . 
  even spain in the siglo de oro was repeatedly having bankruptcies due to poor economic mismanagement and superfluous spending . 
  check out the impact of the south american gold in the inflation . 
  as in spain most of our wealth ended up in other european countries because of imports . 
  importing italian art , french and english finished good as well as importing most of our wheat was catastrofic for the initial internal production . 
  our vulnerable manufactures could n't compete with cheaper and better made imports . 
  education works when the private sector pays reasonable salaries rather than 600-800 euros for a engineer or lawyer . 
   it all started with the french invasions and independence of brazil . 
  till that point portugal was fairly rich . 
  nah the country was never rich , when the dutch were building a prosperous capitalist society our economy relied on royal monopolies and spending the gold in white elephants . 
  remember the magnificent churches , papal embassies or palaces . 
  till the late 1990s the state was still the center of the universe ( not that 's bad but when state companies are sources of mismanagement and corruption it 's terrible ) . 
  i 'm not hopeful for the future unless serious reforms happen in portugal and the eu . 
  it 's nice our expressways are good ( and only those because the secondary network is a disgrace ) but we spent too much eurofunds and national resources in those . 
  for example we have a incomplete third expressway ( a32 ) from porto to lisbon . 
  now most people use the crumbling one ( in algarve the en 125 paralell to the new a22 ) as the fees are too expensive . 
  we 're japan without the weebs or good public transport . 
  for me it was the little syrian girl crying about her family in syria . 
  how she has nightmares when she hears airplanes and such . 
  hindu is solely for those who follow the religion . 
  we wo n't call a muslim or a christian indian hindu . 
  and what about indians that are n't hindu ? 
  of course but the refugee status is for anyone even if they 're out of the eu . 
  if your eligible then you have the right to claim asylum in any eu country . 
  join the club pal . 
  ffs hungary would n't even had to receive more than a thousand of refugees . 
  plus all the money is payed by the eu . 
  you do realize that the northern african countries are n't vulnerable like the used to be right ? 
  in about 2 months morocco will open it 's first tgv line , algeria is full of money and investing in its cities and i doubt tunisia will import another problem as its new democracy has its plate full of terrorists . 
  and as a result you get a far-right populist ready to implode the european union ? 
  in what conceivable way would le pen be better than sarkozy ? 
  yeah calling a 68 lady invalid for having a flu it 's totally reasonable . 
  yeah that 's the one i trust too . 
  the per capita does n't hold though . 
  for a big country like brazil 12 billion euros is a tiny fraction of the yearly budget while for hungary it 's a big hole . 
  for example hungary 's economy is about 120 billion dollars . 
  even with london 's budget ( 14,600 million dollars ) the cost would be about 10 % of the national budget . 
  the olympics are a sinkhole and most of them leave white elephants that need maintenance in the decades to follow . 
  not really . 
  you have to see the state wide polls . 
  trump is n't capable of having most of the electoral votes nor does has a strong position in battleground states . 
  you forgot to insert the tidbit about soros and the globalists . 
  i 'd rather have a cripple like eisenhower or a drug addict like jfk than the obese buffon . 
  i agree , he says different things to different publics . 
  but some how his supporters think he has a coherent position in foreign affairs . 
  in america only internal politics matters . 
  they 're not like the rest of the planet . 
  of course . 
  in the european council the chef is merkel and rest follow the procession . 
  trump declared that he would erradicate isis and some how get the oil . 
  you can also notice the difference as americans describe the state as the government . 
  really ? 
  you think most americans give a damn about the president of the europarl ? 
  most dont even known what the eu is . 
  it 's a shame but worse is that no one will take a stand . 
  even the eu sweeps the issue as a hungarian matter when clearly they do n't intend to at least give humane conditions for vulnerable refugees . 
  before you can them all single males read the article . 
  not even families with babies or elderly have proper condition to appeal for refugee status . 
  is there something in tangiers from the colonial or the independent city state period ? 
  especially something not physical like different traditions . 
  they probably support some sort of ethnic cleansing which usually falls very quickly in pogroms or killings . 
  or in other words : not living . 
  and that 's all that matters . 
  roma does not mean that they 're roman . 
  but dont you feel the same with gysies that mean egyptians ? 
  anyway words change with time . 
  the queer community embraced the term . 
  while others dont like derogatory terms . 
  lol even greece or turkey could be considered more roman than romania . 
  and romania isnt the roman empire so i guess they too should change their name . 
  thanks, 
   when viorel romanescu last year fled his romanian village , he did n't follow the well-trod path to western europe like his fellow roma . 
  instead , he sold his pig and horse , and bought a plane ticket to mexico . 
   he walked across the border from tijuana , surrendered to u.s. border agents and applied for asylum .
