  i would n't count on people with university diplomas to easily spend their time picking up fruit . 
  the pay is n't that great , there 's a lot of exploration ( the police routinely freeds people from modern day slavery ) and generally it 's difficult for people in cities to move to rural areas . 
  why the heck would someone vote for single constituencies ? 
  did they manage to be part of the electoral law or what ? 
   millet system was evil . 
  so was every other similar policy in big empires . 
  the polish in the german reich , the colonized in the colonial empires , other nationalities than austrians and hungarians in the kuk or tons of minorities in the russian empire . 
  it depends how you classify greek . 
  from its inception to probably one houndred year agos it was constantinople/istambul . 
  and thessaloniki had more jews than greeks . 
  from a governmental building in guadalajara . 
  but alberto garz\u00f3n is the leader of a small party inside a matrioska . 
  that 's euronews . 
  it 's not included in the unidos podemos programme . 
  another center-left killed by internal fighting , another victim to pasokification . 
  you just described euronews . 
  wait i thought you changed your electoral system before the referendum . 
  is it also included ? 
  has n't it already passed under the chamber ? 
  there is n't a coherent visegrad or baltic groups . 
  aside from some subjects , we can still see the eastern countries as a bloc . 
  in this case of geopolitics all of them are for a un secretary of their own ( a slovenian or a bulgarian for example ) . 
  so merkel and the epp helps their party friends . 
  to me it seems merkel is giving something for eastern european epp leaders to latch on . 
  a sort of present to improve relations . 
  at least here people have a positive view on the navy and air force as they serve as coast guard . 
  but i suppose most people prefer spending in more crucial areas . 
  and the armed forces are good at reusing a lot of old material ( we still use g3 from the colonial war ) . 
  you want macmansions ? 
  architecture moves on . 
  he was 13 in 1944 . 
  i too would like to see a eu constitution , with referendums in all 27 . 
  but the climate for it is much worse than what used to be in 2005 . 
  today more than ever the european electorate is very skeptical of any attempts to deepen the role of the eu while at the same time it has a very good idea of it . 
   jokes aside , can we ( ie . 
  the romance countries & greece ) the get past the napoleonic model of administration already ? 
  do you even know how spain or italy are organized ? 
  we do n't have a constitution . 
  that 's why the lisbon treaty was signed . 
  nah ecr it 's probably the bloc that recently got more leverage as pis and other conservative parties got a hold in a number of countries . 
  they are n't to the far enough to work with openly europhobic parties like fn or afd . 
  heck if the far-right reunite i could even see m5s joining ecr . 
  to me what strikes me as the obvious error is including the conservatives as federalists and joining europhobic communists and socialists ( in the true meaning ) with the greens and less extreme left wing parties . 
  then there 's also lumping epp and the ecr as economic liberals or s&d and the rest of the left as economic socialists . 
  the old school communists ( czechs , spaniards , portuguese , sinn fein ... ) they 've always been against europe , initially due to it become a counter-weight to the warsaw pact and more recently reclaiming the left wing view on national sovereignty . 
  the more `` modern '' left wing parties like podemos , syriza or the left bloc are inclined to fight for a europe that strives for their goals . 
  they 'd probably be on board to create more democratic instruments for european citizens . 
  so i could see them joining a broad progressive left wing movement for a more democratic and social europe . 
  another example even though pis or small national-conservative parties declare themselves as pro-europe , it 's a europe not based in a push for deeper integration . 
  last month or so we had orban and kaczynski advocating a return to a fragmented eu based on the nation states . 
  clearly the current architecture of the eu it 's too supranational for their taste . 
  to be fair this all depends on what factions are leading each party ( third way in pd , a more centrist cdu , a possible radicalized right wing sovereignistlesr ... ) and each bloc . 
  most of the groups ( not europarties as those are not directly part ) today are pretty reasonable . 
  if anything i could see fidesz jumping to ecr , the two far-right europhobic groups merging after ukip being out of the picture and in a very long shot the creation of a big leftist progressive group that supports the european project . 
  your list tells more about your view rather than the actual ideological split . 
  the most i can picture are the social-democratic parties from eastern europe ( like smer with it 's xenophobic stance on refugees ) . 
  you trumptards kill the fun of everything . 
  seeing that the main european insitutions are led by a tripartite coalition they cant disagree in big issues as it would show even more cracks on the european project . 
  in the end juncker said that he values stability so dont expect big debates . 
  if anything the main adversary would be the council of ministers and the more outspoken leaders against the current eu ( orban or the puppets of kadzynsky ) . 
  even if the data is factual you can quite easily lie with statistics . 
  we all know you can . 
  / pol / copypastas exist to be used . 
  you 'd be impressed how shitty brazilian evangelical `` churches '' can be . 
  i used to live in a area with about 6 different groups all of them in previously abandoned shops . 
  is this some sort of advanced holocaust joke ? 
   you mean to tell me that swiss germans are n't ethnically germans ? 
  ethnicity is not a thing in switzerland . 
  either you 're swiss or not ( for example you can be a completely integrated swiss of yugoslav or polish descent while at the same time a german is n't considered more `` swiss '' than this type of integrated immigrants ) . 
  since they have 4 national languages the main differences are if you 're an immigrant or part from a different cultural region ( and that still does not make you less swiss ) . 
  i 'm not italian but whenever some leader announces that his career is at stake due to a referendum a lot of voters ( mostly those who wo n't vote for him ) will only vote to oust him . 
  plus i doubt that in europe , with the exception of merkel , most executive leaders are liked by the majority . 
   yes . 
  because ethnically the people are germans and french is a foreign language for them as they do n't speak it as a native language . 
  you say that to a swiss and see his reaction . 
  in western europe ethnicity does n't matter as much in the east . 
  we all think we can speak spanish . 
  even though we can communicate rarely a student goes beyong b1 . 
  there 's a lot of false friends in both languages . 
  french used to be the foreign language for the generation before the 80s , it appears different ( as most people think we can get away with portu\u00f1ol ) and it 's good for emigration . 
  most people take it has a vote on renzi . 
  but the implementation of the federal wide was delayed to about 2018 was n't it ? 
  i know erasmus cut you off . 
  european court of justice . 
  socialism does not take away your private belongings . 
  a lot of people under the iron curtain had holiday datchas . 
  how dares he having nice vacations ? 
  you cant go to school here unless you 're vaccinated . 
  in this case the american people had more say in the presidential primaries than the german electorate that didnt had primaries . 
  those were radically different situations and times . 
  syria still has a somewhat working government ( even if it 's a glorified dictatorship ) and things in libya are too erratic to have a foreign force imposing terms . 
  only by cooperation with whatever party wins we can help them . 
  not disembarking and re write their country . 
  i agree with the proposal for a un led force but it 's merely a pipe dream ( at least in syria ) . 
  first we have to reconcile both libya 's ( tripoli and benghazi ) and only after they have a constitution , a stable government and a semblance of rule of law we can jump in . 
  plus it would be yet another example that islamists and nationalist could point and say `` you see ? 
  the crusaders never stop meddling in our affairs . '', 
  syria will continue to be the cluserfuck ( i can see the war continue for more 4-5 years ) and both their government and russia wo n't allow any outside help . 
  proposal 's like this are merely avoiding the migrant crisis as a task that all the eu member states must work for . 
  we used to have a similar situation with some brazilian families going to tr\u00e1s-os-montes ( the more isolated part of continental portugal ) but as in everything there was n't work so most of them went back or to bigger cities .
