  it does when you are trying to convey a political message . 
   many users here post communist ( labour/green ) websites and videos . 
  if labour and the green party are your notion of communist parties then it all becomes very clear . 
  the video is hosted in a youtube channel called `` national liberation '' . 
  it 's about page reads : `` national liberation is a fascist movement set up to combat democracy and defend the rights of indigenous whites '' . 
  we are downvoting because you 're a fascist shitbag . 
  yeah because mali , serra leone or zimbabwe are much better . 
  most fronts were just months from collapse with the exception of guin\u00e9 bissau where the rebels managed to occupy 2 thirds of the country and declare independence in 1973 . 
  russian gas is probably the cheapest . 
  i doubt companies are willing to pay more . 
   spationaut at least use cosmonaut , it 's much cooler . 
   it does n't matter who 's in the eu or not , greece is , but is unlike ukraine not a friendly state . 
  of course it does . 
  the russians would n't have invaded ukraine had it been on the ue . 
  plus , you can drop the facade.y ou are against greece just because it wants to have a better relation with russia or maybe because of prejudice . 
   europe does n't need an additional pipeline . 
  europe wanted to diversify it 's import , that has failed now . 
  the whole premise of the pipeline is to get azerbeijani oil to greece and macedonia where it can be send to the rest of europe . 
  it 's diversification . 
   so continuing it is a waste of time , the only thing we can achieve with it is changing the angle of entry of russian gas , and gas flow controlled by a putin ally , ** as well as undermining european bargaining power over energy security in ukraine . 
  it will significantly strengthen russia 's position over ukraine . 
  ** europe has left ukraine on it 's own . 
  we can only help them with money or non lethal aid . 
  in term of bargaining power , it 's russia who has the upper hand energy wise . 
   russians have no business in k\u00f6ningsberg . 
  they do now . 
  the majority of the population there is russian for a long time so it 's quite obvious that they own the place . 
   they expelled the germans living there by force . 
  at most just one generation has lived and died in there . 
  that does n't make them ethnic . 
  russians are in the region because of political reasons and they should gtfo . 
  too bad they are n't ethnic . 
  afrikaans were n't from south africa . 
  white australians came from the united kingdom . 
  foreign israelis were n't from palestine . 
  the concept of ethnic claim has no longer validity . 
   if they want to help kill europeans and conquer european lands by military force they could , i would n't support it however . 
  i do n't support it either but the eu ca n't take an economic decision so illogical . 
  plus , ukraine is n't in the ue and the prospects of a russian intervention in any eu member states is ridiculous . 
   it 's better to arrive alive when you 're travelling by plane , then to be shot out of the sky by russia , or in another way caught up in a war of russia . 
  life is more precious to me than oil and gas , but you can have as much oil and gas you want when your relatives , friends or even you are dead , but i 'm afraid it wo n't be of a lot of value to you . 
  the issue is that the eu blocking the south stream pipeline or condeming greece for trying to deepen its ties with russia wo n't do any difference in the ukrainian problem . 
  if you had a referendum in kalinigrad oblast today they would choose to stay with russia . 
  you are advocating for forced evacuations . 
   greece has sided with russia c'mon . 
  the greeks ca n't even try to get better relations with its biggest trade partner and historical friend ? 
   all these other sources are worth as much as a pro-putin/anti-european state . 
  we do n't live in a white and black world , it 's better to assess the situation with honesty . 
  it 's better to have oil and natural gas from russia and azerbeijan than to not have any at all . 
   i am sure that eu and r/europe members will be happy to provide money . 
  nope . 
  it would be pretty stupid . 
  following your trail of thought then kosovo should be serbian again . 
  i rather have european funds go to eu members monuments being preserved than to russian monuments . 
  you wouldnt download a car, 
  how is the whole nagorno-karabakh situation with the azeris ? 
  knowing that the greeks experienced those `` temporary '' hardships i think i know . 
  yeah it was mostly to generate tax revenue from the newly free ex slaves . 
  only 5 months later the portuguese king would be forced to set sail to the uk . 
  typical protestant ... 
  that was n't fun at all . 
  i know it comes from elephants but it seemed like they would raise elephants to take out their tusks . 
  how do you produce ivory ? 
  you might have to provide a translation source btw . 
  although it 's unpopular jos\u00e9 socrate 's arrest fits this problem . 
  he was n't accused of anything and he 's in prison for 3 months . 
  we all know europe ends in the pyrenees . 
  how is it going so far ? 
  i was referring to the african colonies . 
  lots of people like to think we would be better off had we gone for an african nation instead of a more integrated european one . 
  do n't forget about lisbon , the ex colonies and brussels . 
  arcelormittal steel plant is the biggest in europe i think . 
  you mean the political movement in the early 1900s in the ottoman empire right ? 
  we also have bus buses , mainly provided by the country or the school . 
  it 's the official language in 3 european countries . 
  we have to keep being the `` poster boy '' of the adjustment plan . 
  even tough we are n't much better than greece . 
  fancy people here only kiss one time too, 
  more important than the boxes is the whole geopolitical aspect . 
  kosovo and bosnia . 
  he 's right . 
  whetever there 's a discussion about communism or socialism users from the ex soviet block always take it personally . 
  these are the selvagens islands ( wild islands ) and there 's a dispute between spain and portugal but they were always under portuguese sovereignty . 
  it 's a natural reserve and a mediterranean monk seal safe haven . 
  in the past , spain also claimed the islands but nowadays the dispute it 's about wether they are islands or rocks . 
  spain claim 's they are rocks and portugal that they 're islands . 
  this whole discussion is due to the fact that rocks have a shorter exclusive economic zone than islands so spain wants to enlarge the canaries territorial water ( there 's drilling for oil on canarian waters ) . 
  nothing new . 
  portugal 's is trying to [ expand it 's eez ] ( http://economiafinancas.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/mapa-de-portugal-com-extens%c3%a3o-da-plataforma-oce%c3%a2nica.jpg ) to a big chunk of the atlantic so its normal to patrol the area . 
  that 's in bulgaria . 
  as far as i know most western countries bars and restaurants follow the rule . 
  you might not like smoking but it 's too much trying to prohibit it . 
  because silly italian burocrauts do n't know how to deal taxes without robbing for the ever present mafias . !, 
  pizza pizza !, 
  it 's * totally * the same thing as ukraine , a country with no military allies . 
  i wished alcohol here could be tremendously high so everyone could be happy too . 
  because things like alcohol or smoking are one of the major problems for the unhappiness of the majority of the people . 
  wow, 
  and gypsies do n't forget those leeches !, 
  yeah let 's kill the disabled and mentally challenged too .
