      now count in dead people voting , multiple votes and widespread voter fraud in large towns like chicago where for example paper votes were in boxes ( 50 votes in , 306 written in total ) and you have a total chaos . 
  [ that 's a lie ] ( http://www.snopes.com/california-motor-voter-act/ ) as usual propagated by trump and his supporters . 
  votar fraud has always been minimal despite how many times republicans like to tell the opposite . 
  you eat fake news directly from the demagogue captain . 
  i would n't count on him , afterall estonians are a bit slow than most . 
  more to the egyptian goddess . 
  man you 're always triggered by this stuff are n't you ? 
  not really , portuguese are quite tolerant towards minorities . 
  still it 's not up to the everyone to decide on the rights of the few . 
  do you want populism ? 
  because that 's how you fuck the etat de droite by only accounting to the majority . 
  that way minorities will never get something passed . 
  thing is that personal freedoms of minorites do n't go in the interest of the general population . 
  i have more trust in my elected representatives ( especially those who were my choice ) than the swinging of public opinion . 
  in theory . 
  the loss of jobs and economic activity accounts on the local and national level . 
  plus there are national quotas in some products that help out poorer and more rural communities . 
  its not a random politician its the majority of votes in parliament . 
  personal freedoms should only be reviewed and passed by the mps . 
  right but for ditching american citizenship there 's a lot of paperwork going on , i think there 's a payment of close to 1000 dollars and stop being american is quite a drastic measure . 
  americans have to pay a fee to the irs even if they live abroad . 
   this is a prime example why you need direct democracy . 
  same-sex marriage is one of the typical rights populations crave and protest for but are denied by their governments . 
  look at germany . 
  why should the majority decide in an individual matter ? 
  about germany they could pass the law but i suppose spd is n't very keen on voting for it . 
  they 're using their presence in the funeral to make a dishonest political point along the line of op 's title . 
  we 're supposed to upvote a weak attempt of propaganda ? 
   the other half is envious and ca n't cope with it , so they try to debunk the swiss system altogether . 
  or maybe they understand the cons of the system . 
  there 's not perfect democratic system . 
  you 'll never find a perfect party or member of parliament . 
  elections is n't a buffet , you have to compromise . 
  that 's called representative democracy . 
  well he kinda looks like trudeau . 
  what has he been focusing on ? 
  so how is he imitating obama , having a generic slogan like `` yes we can '' ? 
  how does a green leftist party with communist roots comes to like obama ? 
   so expressing support for hundreds of millions of muslims who think say , the 7/11 bombings , were justified is n't far left regressive ideology ? 
  lol . 
  yeah that 's what we do . 
  and eat babies for breakfast . 
  you trumpsters are a funny bunch , you need your daily two minutes hate . 
  i think you 're right , a new `` cordon sanitaire '' . wilders fucked the first rutte cabinet so i doubt that vvd gives another opportunity to pvv . 
   the majority of this sub seems like a far left echo chamber save for a thread or two on the front page which becomes the total opposite . 
  well i guess that for the far-right everything to the left of them is far-left . 
  you just explained then why you have that rose-tinted view on this thread . 
   posts on the_cheeto yeap . 
  low energy bait . 
  sad !, 
   well damn , this is a refreshing post in this sub . 
  is this your first time here or what ? 
  every two days there 's at least two threads with hundreds of comments talking about the west 's decadence , pc gone wild or the impending muslim take over . 
   what about 91 % considered the referendum free and fair do n't you understand ? 
  people are easily fooled , especially in places with weak democratic institutions like ukraine . 
  it 's up to foreign observers and international law to decide if the referendum was fair , legal and independent . 
  since russia invaded ukraine and the referendum was n't verified by independent observers ( like un or osce ) we ca n't assume it was fair or independent . 
  i do n't dispute that probably most ethnic russians in crimea voted to join russia but we can only speculate as the referendum was n't fair or independent from outside forces ( namely the russian green men ) . 
  not really . 
  russia or the crimean stooges they put in charge are n't known for respecting democracy and dissident , there was obvious coercion going on even if not directly . 
  they had a lease until 2042 . 
  there was n't any reason to invade . 
  their opinion simply does not validate the referendum . 
  i wonder if you would say that elections in belarus are free knowing the kind of conditions they take place in . 
  well you 'll have to because in june 2019 theres elections for the european parliament . 
  we did n't go through with our planned high speed ( maybe we might reopen that chapter in about 5-10 years ) . 
  what we have now it the plan to have a freight line between badajoz to sines and a hinterland port next to set\u00fabal . 
  to have a high speed connection between lisbon and madrid we would need massive investments like modernize linha da cintura ( the line that goes through lisbon ) , a new central station , a third bridge and the works until elvas . 
   to be fair , i thought the other connexion to portugal ( vigo-oporto ) works much better ? 
  i mean the line is from the 19th century , for about 4 years we have the celta train connecting porto to vigo in 2:15 hours but it 's not much . 
  ah i see you 're not a dog , you 're a chicken . 
  are you a dog on the internet ? 
  can you prove it ? 
  at least from our part the project has been downgraded to be a freight railway with iberian gauge . 
  it 's still on the planning phase . 
  i 'd be surprised if works begin this year . 
  wow calm down you crazy sjw . ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  nah , both countries do n't have a very close relatioship . 
  we give them more attention but even that 's not much . 
  in a way portugal is an island . 
  sure it can . 
  there was even a push for a ethnic pan european nationalist movement here . 
  how can illegal immigrants vote if you have to register to vote and in some states show your id ? 
   the concept came later but that does n't change that we 've been a country since 1139 . 
  back then there were no countries , only lands bound to kings , dukes and others types of nobility ( or clergy even ) . 
  it 's easy to think the way you are because portugal as always been the same in terms of borders ( albeit with some negligible changes ) but the concept of nation and state as we know it is a very recent social construction . 
  he 's not talking about portugal not being independent , he simply is correctly saying how only in the 19th century did the concept of nation emerge as the unifying force by liberals . 
  we can argue that portugal showed it had a quite old national consciousness even in the late 14th century but it 's wrong to suppose nations are a natural and immediate construction . 
  how can you be surprised then ? 
  did you reasonably expected a center right liberal politician defend isolationism ? 
  i know but at least he 's the least bad compared to fillon or le pen . 
  not really , macron is another liberal ( albeit much less extremist than fillon ) . 
  le pen voters if anything will vote again in the left like melanchon . 
  but that 's as a second choice . 
  macron wo n't go on the second round as the left vote is divided . 
  so that the brits or the french had a chance ? 
  madrid is in the best defensive position possible . 
  it was logical , that way the capital was close to every bit of the peninsula as protected from invasions . 
  the uk does not have a constitution so the gov was able to pass the law regarding indyref . 
  nah it would still be fillon .
