  oh but we only abolished slavery in the mainland and the indian states to get more tax revenue . 
  jordan , lebanon and turkey all accept millions of refugees . 
  the other ones do n't , but to be fair you ca n't really expect much from absolute monarchies like saudi arabia , qatar or uae . 
  it 's the usual here . 
  they make you pay half when you register and then it 's something like 60 per month . 
  1064 euros per year, 
  because we all know that only pure germans are the true citizens of germany !, 
  not even a drop of immigrant blood !, 
  in germany ? 
  good luck with that . 
  they used to not have vat . 
  the time i went there with my family to ski we came back with a plasma and a bunch of other electronics . 
  true , before oil prices went downhill there were thousands of portuguese in angola illegaly . 
   this sub is full of racists . . 
  welcome to r/europe, 
  it 's not an artificial city , it grew from a village to the capital of the kingdom . 
  unless you also consider athens , alexandria or oslo fake cities . 
  you had a nice reply until you had to be yet again the butthurt catalan nationalist who likes to spell shit at spain every single thread . 
  why so much hate ? 
  that 's one of the biggest problems for portuguese forests . 
  people like to plant eucalipts that grow very fast , while consuming tons of water , compared to indigenous trees . 
  as safe as prague 30 years ago . 
   you 're cuck yup , great argument . 
  it 's funny you talk of the age of enlightenment as if bullfighting as we know it today it was n't implemented in the 18th century . 
  well they have a much better life than most cattle so in a way they are already rewarded once they enter the arena . 
  how is it fair ? 
  do you really value human life the same as a dog or a bull ? 
  you could say that for : boxing american football rugby marathon formula 1 rallys, 
  i say you 're edgy . 
  how is that going to make him feel bad ? 
   as native minorities , gipsies . 
  why ? 
  because they were tired of spain not true , we have gypsys here for at least 500 years . 
  you surely mean [ leite creme ] ( http://www.carapausdecomida.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/leite-creme.jpg ) !, 
  the plan is n't for high speed is it ? 
  it does n't seem viable in the baltics . 
   with 3 of them bordering mediterranean . 
  they probably do but the way their state came about is akin to russia taking crimea . 
  it 's more in the line that those two regions might follow the way of kosovo , an illegitimate state built by the us and other nato members . 
  sure salazar was n't hitler 's or stalin level but he was just a tiny bit under franco in the years after the civil war . 
  checkout tarrafal concentration camp in cabo verde , the policial repression , the deliberate policy of ensuring most portuguese to not pursue high schooling above 4 grade , abuse of power and torture of political prisoners , and of course the states of the colonies . 
  yeah we all know people who are communists are monolithic niendertals unable to think . 
  hahaha if you think dur\u00e3o is still a maoist you 're very naive, 
  you forgot to say that columbus was born in cuba , alentejo . 
  oh and camarate of course !, 
  fyi andalusia is a region in spain not the iberian peninsula . 
  germany is too small for the world . 
  but then you would be pros ... getting money for it, 
  reverse michael jackson, 
  whites or reds ? 
  what were we risking ? 
  had we declared war on germany operation felix would have been disastrous for us . 
  sure but we were so removed that neutrality was by far the best option . 
  our participation would ` nt do any significant difference to turn the war and in the end portugal would come out worse . 
  between staying neutral or be invaded the choice is obvious . 
   we should have participated you high ? 
  do they also have orgies with his bodyguard ? 
  yeah and that in a time where tabacco is being heavily restricted , legalizing weed would be a step away of fighting addiction . 
  that was one of the greek measure i think . 
  using part of the surplus to help those living under the poverty line . 
   morality has no borders or nationality , it 's a shame you ca n't see that . 
  morality is a very outdated concept when talking realistically about economics . 
  it 's a shame you ca n't see that . 
  the core members of the eurozone were and are more interested in protecting their banks of risky debt themselves bought and meme politics based on fables and stupid analogies . 
   greece has n't done all his homework , they have to . 
  there 's no doubt the southern countries had and still have inumerous problems regarding their public finances , economy and state structure but i ` ts incredibly naive to think that will change in 2 years with another round of austerity that 'll aggravate debt , the economy and it 's recovery . 
  if it did n't work the last 2 bailouts why would it work now ? 
  and by the way stop using school related analogies to define the relation between the debtors and the creditors . 
  it 's degrading and implies a sense of superiority to the creditors . 
  its unbelievable the amount of portuguese posters riding high horses on greek threads . 
  as if we are on a great path or as if we have to regurgitate the northern morality meme ad nauseam . 
  in 30 years maybe . 
  the funding for rail b\u00e1ltica was only for the rail to tallin . 
  thanks ? 
  usa and canada . 
  great read !, 
  a foca, 
  ... its an independent country . 
  piece of cake . 
  not really . 
  unless someone tries to hook up with a french girl . 
  lu\u00eds freitas branco is also good . 
  uneducated bakers with big moustaches . 
  great way to puke . 
  unless he likes spices, 
  quite the opposite . 
  for example in cozido \u00e0 portuguesa boiled cabbage , carrot and other vegetables are essencial . 
  300-400 might get you a room or a small t0 . 
  anyway spanish is more useful than portuguese . 
  you will be understood even with spanish or english . 
  rents in lisbon are actually quite high for our standards . 
  but it all depends on location as in most cities . 
  i 'd say we can understand spanish almost fully . 
  the same doesnt happen for spaniards . 
  our wanabee podemos , bloco de esquerda managed to destroy itself . 
  the communist party is still very monolithic and newcomers dont go beyond 4 % . 
  it has funding of course . 
  85 % i think . 
  the tgv was dropped due to its price and primarily it was a national project for the previous pm . 
  even if we would only pay the remaining 15 % .
