  if you think race exists then you 're in for a shock . 
  first of all there are jews and brazilians of all colours and shapes . 
  second ethnicity only matters if you 're racist . 
  think in a macron vs marine , she 'll win . 
  they voted mlp just for protest , not devoted to actually vote for her . 
  simply sending a message that they do n't like the current political landscape . 
  check out the latest numbers of eurobarometer regarding france 's opinion on the eu . 
  the fact that close to 30 % of voters were for an eurosceptic party does n't mean that they 're against the eu . 
  and after the battle of france non-white french soldiers were slaughtered . 
  last week or so , hollande made a great gesture giving citizenship for some african veterans . 
  bernie has so much dirt trump would 've killed him on stage . 
  not a chance mate , he 'll have to make deals with the right wing faction of ps , centrists ( not sure if commits em for legislative elections or merges it with modem and udi ) and les republicains . 
  if you read his programme it 's standard social liberalism . 
  they 're stupid , and furthermore i ca n't imagine how they 'll make their plan come true . 
  the majority of melenchon voters do n't know what discord is . 
  but why endorse , are you a journalist or a profissional propagandist ? 
  what ? 
  unless you 're a writer for the swedish * fachosph\u00e9re * why would you endorse french presidential candidates ? 
  the separate second turn give a bigger popular legitimacy as the choice becomes clear . 
  the spaniards rely on andorran papers or polls about different coloured fruits . 
  good thing it 's totally different here . 
  no , the chinese communist party is amazing on how it combines fa\u00e7ade communism and the push for predatory capitalism . 
  do you think soro 's reimburses travel expenses ? 
  i mean after financially supporting all anti-trump marches and last week 's ceu manifs he might lower payments . 
  that 's how federal unions generally work . 
  montana get 2 senators just like california . 
  i have more trust in political scientists or polls of polls than whatever a bunch of betters think . 
  yeah but they 're not representative at all of french voters , so they do n't any value to assess electoral results . 
  yeah but chinese economic plans are stable ( 5 year programs ) , add to that compared to europe china is more * laissez-faire * . 
  i 'd love his program to succeed but even the capability of getting a legislative majority is small . 
  the path to authoritarianism , it 's tina for killing rule of law . 
  more voters is worse for le pen . 
  after all her uncontested supporters were going to the polls anyway . 
  i wonder why people give a shit what whatever betting markets think about elections , they do n't know more than the rest of us . 
  even then i do n't think there would be popular support among eurozone members like finland or the netherlands . 
  interesting plan , although it relies on too many favourable results like germany agreeing to revamp eurozone 's economic policy or that markets wo n't go crazy . 
  hahaha it 's always the communist conspiracy . 
  comrade barroso is just a ploy to destroy the western world . 
  him being in goldman sachs is all according to the plan . 
  i 'm about to eat lunch , but got milk and a pastry ( jesu\u00edta ) in the morning . 
  edit : lunch was watercress soup , chicken curry and a banana . 
  not even the majority of german turks voted so it 's highly misleading to suppose the community is a fifth column . 
  and even if they had voted overwhelmingly for erdogan that still does n't matter as they have every right to vote for authoritarianism in turkey . 
  it 's always enlightening to see the change in r/europe 's position on free speech or rule of law . 
  great , sunday is n't a general election . 
   no we do n't , we elect our president in one election , if the candidate with the most votes have 35 % of them , he becomes president . 
  that is not the way french do . 
  mother of god , you do n't even know how our president is elected . 
  we use the exact same two-rounds system as in france . 
  to win one of the candidates needs at least 50 % +1 , if not then there 's a runoff turn with the 2 more voted candidates . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_in_portugal#presidential_elections here do n't embarrass yourself . 
   you are comparing the living the living conditions , i am not . 
  i am , however , stating , that the decent goverments we have are few and far in between . 
  to say we are better now than during the regime years is a really low bar to be satisfied with . 
  well if you 're talking about not having good results in 44 years of democracy then you are implicitly making a comparison . 
  really you 're just showing how disgracefully unaware you are . 
  we have the same electoral system for electing our president . 
   then again , we are under the current system for 44 years and i still have n't seen any good results . 
  well i ca n't help out people how do n't know history , ever compared living conditions in the last 40 years or have the need for a romanticized view of majoritarian system . 
  care to pinpoint where have anticapitalists won in europe ? 
  and btw capitalism is n't political ideology . 
  yeah as we can see from all european elections , communists win every single one . 
   liberal nationalist fits well . 
  ah right-wing then . 
  hahah are you seriously advocating for a presidential system ? 
  i 'll be the sad one : go hamon !, 
  i have , repurposed suburban houses or commercial lots in empty shoppings malls . 
  uhm did n't expect r/eu to get so much traffic . 
  anyway it would be fun to have another poll here , even using each users location to correspond to the different electoral circles and apply degressive proportionality . 
  how many answers did you get ? 
  every thing is relative , apparently lots of people are pro strong men . 
  in your opinion , luckily it 's up to each voter to make their own decisions . 
  but can you personally decide what it 's best for millions of turks who voted for yes ? 
  the point here is that regardless how sad and shit this ordeal was in the end every participating turk got to make a choice . 
  you can of course criticize but the people who did i nthe end their own choice out of conviction . 
  so what are all the possible outcomes . 
  and who are you to know what are poor people best interests ? 
  of course !, 
  if you 're anti nuclear energy you can only be dumb . 
  dahh another easy consensus . 
  are you referring to the article 's length or what ? 
  yeah better leave each country deal with the refugee crisis , working magnificently so far . 
  just look into italy or greece . 
   there are estimates that there will be even more migrants this year as well and the population is going to be almost as high as asia 's by 2050 . 
  fuck it , how about we just hold hands and just all get along and live in peace and harmony ? 
  ah of course the european nativist nightmare had to show up . 
  only you can see reality and everyone else is a naive hippy . 
  a proper pan-eu agency regarding asylum policy , upholding human rights and european values . 
  not shoving migrants in a watery ghetto in another country 's land . 
   honestly though , europe is fucked when you have nutcases who want to sink the boats and hyperbolic pearl clutchers like you who just want to stick your heads in the sand . 
  you 're not mister pragmatic middle , militarizing the mediterranean and building a string of refugee camps wo n't adress the migration crisis . 
  yeah sorry for hurting your feelings for suggesting turning a tunisian island in a concentration camp . 
  yeah i 'm sure tunisia would happily receive thousands of refugees and migrants in a crowded island with people living there . 
  early in the morning it looked like the weather would be rainy with clouds but now it 's pretty good . 
  but even then iglesias would n't be the pm , that would be sanchez . 
  i ca n't see a future where podemos is involved in the national government , especially since errejon lost to the more dogmatic iglesias wing . 
  i did n't say that , read again . 
  for starters for iglesias become pm he 'd need a majority in parliament . 
  also france is more crucial to the eu than spain . 
  no , the current tory inclination to a dangerous far-right rhetoric is not because of the electoral system .
