  of course it 's easy to talk but only with perseverance and efforts from within the community and the larger romanian society it will be possible to greatly diminish parallel societies of roma . 
  what man ? 
  i 'm just stating that the romania is home to various nationalities , and while being roma they are romanians . 
  good you did n't had a gypsie genocide here 's a medal , but their position in romania is not flowers and perfume due to a lot of factors ( from both parties ) . 
  the conflict happened because assad had the great idea to shoot at protesters . 
  from there on everyone began pumping money and arms to every possible anti-regime groups like al-qaeda , innumerous fsa brigades and later on the kurdish forces . 
  romanian gypsies are romanian citizens there 's not way to deny that . 
  the same way your president or the sz\u00e9kelys are . 
  : / let 's hope romania and the czech republic do n't go the same route . 
  crap you 're right . 
  why would someone use american political concepts to refer to french candidates ? 
  that like me being annoyed that americans call everyone left of center a `` socialist '' or a commie . 
  the non american version of `` liberalism '' is the correct one . 
  in political science you dont learn according to the made up american definitions . 
  yeah but we 're talking about european and the correct definition of ideologies . 
  liberalism is different . 
  called them toothless, 
  there are various countries whose inhabitants become refugees . 
  m'power . 
  you must get so much shit on your inbox . 
  you 're forgetting that for groups like roma attending school is quite difficult either by family pressure , money or segregation by the state . 
  ~ ~ fascist ~ ~ alt-right mambo jambo . 
  it 's deliciously ironic how a supposedly extremely democratic party turns out to be constantly at the disposition of grillo and the inner schemings of the top `` elite '' . 
  discrimination does n't have reason . 
  you assess the candidate by his skill not if he 's muslim , roma or black . 
  it 's only an endless cycle because there 's little initiative from both parties : non roma discriminate towards roma and roma are suspicious , poor and with abysmal education . 
  good thing that the trump administration is being filled with honest non establishment people . 
  why stop at 20 % ? 
  when you 're discriminated due to your ethnicity all your life it 's no big surprise most employers do n't give you a chance . 
  their democratic status is dubious . 
  the electoral system , the media and the government prevent an equal status between parties . 
  then you 're in for a treat , as landlords here are not of the more caring kind . 
  i do n't see how you make of this a age battle . 
  you have the whole political spectrum riddled with different positions with different voters so it 's more about parties and less on the voters . 
   i would n't have expected germany to be backwards like that . 
  that 's because you take a shit online opinion at face value . 
  baby boomers have rights too and they 're smart enough to vote for their interests . 
  young people only themselves to blame for the issues brought up in elections and everyday politics . 
  it was necessary but in some cases it was clearly spending for the sake of it . 
  not all but a great deal of them . 
  how come ? 
  it 's only logical wanting to not buy products made in israeli colonies . 
  at least we never had a blatant genocide like the germans did . 
   germany had the best european policy in africa . 
  what ? 
  do you even know about the german genocides in africa ? 
  no , the high fertility had always been there . 
  and north korea is a democratic republic . 
  not at all . 
  we were an agrarian poor country since ever until the revolution and the development that followed . 
  that rooster was made up by the propaganda secretariat of salazar . 
  it 's as portuguese as toro de osborne is spanish . 
  the tradition was more * pres\u00e9pios * ( miniature nativity scenes ) and having baby jesus instead of santa claus . 
  that 's a common fenomenon throughout the developed world . 
  even in more rich countries like the uk or germany job insecurity makes it difficult to raise children . 
  it 's like `` aloha '' . 
  meh i think its fine . 
  ah following the russian playbook . 
  oh but i 'm not against that discussion , myself have doubts about the model . 
  to me the problem is that whenever this topic comes up threads inevitably end up in a circlejerk where the discussion is marked by `` sjw '' , `` tumblerinas '' or `` what about the men ? '', 
  and not real worthwhile discussion . 
  because it goes against reddits feelings about the `` proper '' way to achieve gender equality . 
  plus rammstein made reference to it in `` links 2,3,4 '' to clear their political leanings . 
  but what media leftist empire ? 
  in what planet is the washington post , the nyt , the economist or die welt leftist ? 
  your problem is dismissing any liberal view on the world as `` leftist '' . 
  through that lenses the only right wing must be the national conservative populistic parties . 
  you 're not neutral , you just think you are due to biased views on the west by giving any credibility to the far-right propaganda . 
  maybe she also has a fascination for corn . 
  do you think folkeparti will support them ? 
   leftist media empire yeah the washington post that great bulwark of western leftism . 
  you drank too much of the far-right kool aid . 
  oh they 're leftists , they 're just not the mainstream . 
  every group has a bunch of loonies but they are n't the core . 
  the same way maoists are n't the voice of the left nor are the anglo-saxon crazies . 
  your problem is thinking the loonies of huffpoff or from the twitterverse are the `` left '' . 
  next thing you 'll tell me the el-khomri law is totally in line with social-democracy . 
  social-liberal like renzi . 
  although i suppose macron would better fit in a classical liberal . 
  `` social-dem '' yeah right . ^ / s, 
  this is great . 
  nope , they 're not part of the government . 
  they simply support the government in parliament just like bloco . 
  they must have something to overcompensate for . 
  who a croatian that was born in austria-hungary ? 
  recently there was an article here making a proposal for eurobonds only encompassing 60 % of nantional debt . 
  do n't worry china or nigeria also have great economic data . 
  i rather live in a proper democracy where there is n't such blatant stealing than in a kleptocracy where my tax euros are used to build a railway to the strongman 's village or award nuclear reactors to russian companies without a international tender . 
  i 'm not stupid enough to equalize the scale of what happens with orban and his cronies and corruption in portugal or ireland . 
  would you say the same about the french executed by the ss or the gestapo ? 
  because you 're reaching levels of fascist apologia . 
   and managed to keep cubans healthy while under embargo by the usa . 
  i guess you do n't know much about the special period ah ? 
  thankfully now it 's just \u00f3rban and his oligarch friends stealing the country . 
  sorry for being pc : alt-right . 
  there you go . 
  the problem is that crucial moment between the old regime and building a lasting healthy democracy . 
  russia had too much going on : intense bolshevik propaganda , millions of ex combatants , enemy armies roaming and an huge economic crisis . 
   i do n't think we are a `` welfare state '' . 
  that 's because the article is from the mises institution , a right wing libertarian ong .
