   maybe what we 're seeing is trying to salvage an utter defeat on the left , by not having tajani seeking support from the weirdies . 
  what left ? 
  alde supporting tajani along side efdd or ecr is nothing more than showing how in the end they 'll side with the conservatives and status quo supporters when they have a chance to help a new direction . 
  sure alde was the smaller part of the grand coalition . 
  but what 's interesting in this election is that tajani will need the help of the national-conservatives of ecr and the far-right . 
  it 's in this election where we truly see if guy wants to change the european project for a more integrated and democratically step ( s & d and the greens are federalists and gue-ngl are n't as europhobic as the far-right ) or if he some how supports the tajani that will have to negotiate with the illiberals . 
  i doubt , the only serbian rail link with macedonia and salonika goes through the valley . 
   possible deals are emerging however , with sources confirming to playbook that the liberal alde group of guy verhofstadt is in discussions with the european people 's party about backing its candidate , the center-right italian mep antonio tajani . 
  verhofstadt 's spokesperson denied that he would withdraw altogether from the race . 
  how to be a respectable populist at the european stage : if you fail to make a purely tactical agreement with a completely ideological adversary sell it as trying to `` moderate them '' ; while parroting the line of being the most pro-european candidate support the conservative whose faction is n't in favour of shaking the waters . 
  actions matters more than flamboyant soundbites . 
  i spent about 20 seconds trying to understand where pt was . 
  yeah , he 's in the 18-20 mark in a couple of hypothetical polls ( with valls not winning the ps primary or bayrou not running ) . 
  the media is popping the champagne too early . 
  nope . 
  ah i was mixing up stralsund ( her constituiency in mecklenburg-vorpommern ) with what i though was the specific geographic term ( the area between jutland and north of lubeck ) . 
  about the national list , is n't the party leader usually on the top ? 
  to avoid not being elected . 
  you do understand that europe is mostly urban , right ? 
  some people in rural areas have pickups , but plain vans do the job . 
  i do n't understand the reference to the stralsund . 
  you ca n't vote directly for merkel ( wait is n't meck-vorpm her constituency ? ), 
  because you do n't live in the north ? 
  any prospects on the results of the elections ? 
  more of the same ? 
  quite cool reminds me of the chinese pavilion in shanghai 's expo . 
  it 's already too much centralized . 
  the majority of our economic and financial directives are made by anonymous employees in the various dg in brussels . 
  when most people think about the `` left '' it 's the socialism movement . 
  that one was always internationalist ( the various socialist internationales , the push for pacifism in wwi , etc ) . 
  currently the high chamber ( the consilium ) already fills that need . 
  unfortunely it 's not democratically elected by the voters but by the heads of government . 
  most federalists would agree with maybe two senators from each member state to balance what could be the tiranny of the majority in the euparl ( although the parliament favours smaller states with it 's seat allocation formula and meps usually rally around different political groups ) . 
  why would they ? 
  is there a market for a 14 day train trip from chongqing and berlin with multiple border crosses ? 
  she 's from the sed faction is n't she ? 
  but what about the values that you hold dear ? 
  are you willing to postpone them for 4 years just to have merkel as chancellor ? 
  so you 're a digital nomad ? 
  in america they have those parades with huge inflatable characters maybe the russians should try to make a red square parade with putin 's and other patriotic leaders in ballon form . 
  what you fail to understand is that the effect of the soviet union are lasting to the current views on geography , politics and societies . 
  you ca n't claim estonia is a northern country or nordic as if it 's history , deveolping status and politics do n't matter . 
  nah you just have a massive complex about your country . 
  the official reasoning of liberating iraq from saddam and installing democracy ^ tm was nothing more than a coverup of the big lie . 
  i do n't doubt . 
  but to call 50s south korea a democracy is laughable . 
  for every communist single party state the americans were fighting there was always an allied `` democratic '' state with its own dictatorship . 
   american soldiers will always fight for freedom . 
  like in iraq , vietnam or korea . 
  pure indoctrination . 
  then zhukov would 've reached nantes . 
  it 's the nationalist internationale , i wonder how 's their version of the anthem . 
  the trumpian approach to negotiation is to treat it like a zero sum game . 
  i doubt he 'll be willing to give a fair deal . 
  what 's the problem with voting labour ? 
  i seems that at least in wales they are n't as extremist as corbyn . 
  i mean voting is emotional sure but arguing about the pros and cons of a currency i would n't care a lot about the emotion put in a currency , even less in post-national union . 
  why do you bring feelings to a technical discussion about a currency union ? 
  i 'm in favour of acting in the opinion of the populations but places like the british bases in cyprus or more relevant the case of diego garcia shows how in a significant number of places the opinion of the locals are n't taken in consideration . 
  the chagossians were even deported aways from their homeland so that the uk could build a massive base . 
  ah indeed . 
  in new york it felt so strange to walk in union station or times square . 
  even the hotel interiors were too real . 
  oh come on those are dialects from totally different ethnic and spacial environments . 
  i think with french it 's different because it 's fairly standardized even in ex-colonies but comparing brazilian portuguese from minas gerais and portuguese from lisbon an outsider could think that they 're different languages . 
  we simply do n't have the economy or the necessary investment in ( popular ) culture to create a appealing cultural atmosphere that leads to learning european portuguese . 
  compared to us nordic countries like denmark or sweden were capable of producing high quality series , literature and music that enable them to expand their cultural capital . 
  tv in portugal is shitty but at least for the last year and a half the public channel rtp has been investing more in production . 
  about podcasts that 's also quite a new paradigm to portuguese cultural life . 
  i 'd recommend politicamente ( nice weekly snippets of portuguese politics , great to those who want to learn more ) , fala com ela ( a r\u00e1dio radar interview show ) or maluco beleza ( another interview podcast but way less formal ) . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/3zlnpw/podcasts_portugueses/ ) a list from r/portugal . 
  i 's shit . 
  even a minor resort like manzaneda or b\u00e9jar beat serra da estrela 10-0 . 
  ehh it was an important work in the time it was conceived but at the same time it 's a completely reductionist point to argue that being protestant leads to more wealthy societies . 
  i do n't doubt the important contribution of the so called `` protestant work ethic '' but to many people take the work at its face value . 
  really what colonies does currently portugal holds ? 
  also what does my nationality have to do with my opinion ? 
  did n't know that diego garcia or the remaining caribbean were `` anglo-celtic '' ancestral lands . 
  the stuff you learn this days . 
  we never left mate . 
   any agreement would however require further talks ahead of a summer referendum . 
  johnson will offer half of the territory currently held by uk sovereign bases on the island , a former british colony , to ease land swaps and to end its formal role as security guarantor if other parties agree . 
  wow i did n't expect that . 
  maybe some day the uk might finally give all of its colonial possessions to the locals . 
  nope . 
  from the start of the emission . 
  i ca n't find a single article in spanish press apart from a small agencia efe ( the spanish reuters or afp ) . 
  no where does it mentions any sort of `` alahu akbar '' or terrorist implications . 
  is this fakes news or what ? 
  show me one two declared candidates from the same party and i 'll give you reason . 
  no you 're wrong . 
  valls is part of parti socialiste and it was macron who left ps to found his political movement en marche ! . 
  in all polls so far everyone of them have different candidates from individual parties while having one of the possible candidates from ps . 
  what parties ? 
  i dare you name one party with more than one candidate . 
  not those who were n't still confirmed though . 
  not yet . 
  primaries are next week , the candidate from ps might be montebourg or hamon with a identic path that took fillon to be the candidate for lr . 
  what safe neighbours ? 
  in lebanon , jordan , iraq or turkey there are n't minimal conditions .
