  it 's less bad outcome of the top 3 . 
  heck i 'm even hoping that hamon wins the ps primary so that macron draws voters from vall 's right faction . 
   well , i 'm pretty sure that mep 's are also supposed to represent the whole eu 's interests and not strictly their own country . 
  so it appears there is no problem then ? 
  oh i 'm talking about our national parliament , about euparl we have single national list that does not account for regional circle ( unlike some countries like france , italy or poland ) . 
   how do you mean ? 
  well we have 18 electoral circle corresponding with our administrative sub unit districtos ( even though their use is minimal ) . 
  in big center like lisbon and its suburbs elect 43 mps and in some regions of the interior their elected mps only amount to 2 . 
  [ here 's our electoral circles ] ( https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/c%c3%adrculo_eleitoral ) . 
  as you can see votes in the interior get the same problem that fptp brings , the realistic options narrow down to the two biggest parties . 
  so in order to align the national vote with the aggregate regional voting we need a supplementary list where a certain number of seats are reserved to make up the difference . 
  in the azores they use [ this method for about 3 regional elections now ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azores_regional_election,_2016#distribution_by_constituency ) and it enable small parties to reach the assembly . 
  and the eu parliament works fine with 24 official languages and sometimes even regional languages . 
  also sign language . 
  our regional circles do n't matter . 
  it 's on the constitution how mps represent the whole country and not their electoral circle . 
  also due to the nature of party discipline , voter ignorance about who candidate we vote for ( our electoral system works with closed lists , you vote for the party not a candidate ) and the lack of tradition on regional accountability in practice there is a centralized conception of national politics . 
  to me we need a supplementary national list to adjust the distribution of mps to the national results.the current system inflates the numbers of the bigger parties . 
  nope , that 's not how it works . 
  altough it seems that european social-democrats and the democrats are somewhat aligned on a closer look they are n't . 
  for example with the exception of the social component where the two groups align , the same ca n't be said about the economy . 
  the democrat view on it is the mainstream liberal equal to alde . 
  strong regulation , trying to help out those how have less and a small government in terms of public companies . 
  now there are very few center-left liberal groups in europe , the majority is solidly on the center-right . 
  i 'm not even equating stupid american terminology . 
  you go to canada up north or even australia and they know what 's a liberal , a social democrat or a libertarian . 
  nope , what we call liberals here ( at least in the true political meaning of the word ) would be the democrats and its center-right policies . 
   epp as a whole does not want the eu dismantled . 
  they might be the only glue keeping the eu together right now . 
  tajani as an individual is irrelevant , he 's the epp candidate ( probably a result of some inner-party trade of favors that we 'll never know about ) , that 's the only meaningful part about him . 
  i would be surprised if he says anything too out of line , and it 's not like he has the power to do anything anyway . 
  sure they just want the eu as it is , keeping the status quo to the eventual disintegration . 
  a few tweaks here , some empty speeches at a european council and the prolonging of both the death of the south or not moving an inch about illiberal states . 
  thing is alde did n't have to be the cupbearer to epp as usual , they could truly focus on a united front for democratizing and expanding the eu . 
  unanimity is the worst that can happen to democratic debate , suddenly there 's only a line to follow and the best would better shut up . 
  of course this move has everything to do verhofstadt , he wants a top job since he entered europea politics . 
  every election is a race to bolster alde 's numbers , they accept everything they can . 
  in this instance verhofstadt has finally thinking we could get the euparl president post while making a schizophrenic coalition with m5s . 
  total delusion . 
   this is n't a time to make radical changes , and i believe most alde parties or leaders would support an epp candidate under these circumstances . 
  of course , in the end alde always toes on epp 's line . 
  either by being neoliberal hawks or institutional fundamentalists . 
  afterall it was the liberal clique of netherlands , finland , denmark and eastern europe to push merkel for a never ending solution to greece . 
   if there is a critical moment to take an ideological stand , this was certainly not it nah this was it , the european euparl president and the euparl fought a long battle throught the years to have a supposed equal footing to the council and commission . 
  now all that work is going to the shitter . 
  thanks verhofstadt . 
  that was alluded by someone in the spinelli group i think . 
   i 'm pretty sure he 's still pro-european . 
  i do n't doubt but this coalition with epp ( with the support of all the europhobes ) plus the whole debacle with m5s just shows how verhofstadt does n't take into account his party members , the supposed values or his ego above all . 
  how can you honestly call yourself the federalist candidate if you ally with those who want the eu dismantled ? 
   either way , this vote does n't really matter in the slightest with regards to any sort of policy . 
  verhofstadt realized he wo n't have enough votes to win , so he supported the coalition partner 's candidate instead of the candidate of the party that tried to break up the coalition . 
  oh but it will . 
  this finally shows the true colours of all the participants , it 's just mindbogglingly how alde decided to throw away its reformist and federalist agenda to support ... a former spokesperson for forza italia , one of the most eurosceptic epp parties ? 
  there are critical moments where your actions speak louder than any cheap rethoric and this election was one of those . 
  right now all the major offices in the eu are holded by epp and the europarty is clearly reaching to the voter lost to the europhobes . 
  unless he makes another closed backroom deal of course . 
  who knows what goes on guy 's head . 
   have in mind that this subreddit is heavily left leaning hahhahah . 
  this sub has times where it fits like a glove in the xenophobic national conservatives or as progressive liberals with a weird love boner for patriotism and other strange feelings for a supra national entity . 
  that would require him to understand the basics of european politics . 
  is the book only available in ebook format ? 
  `` but guyz he 's super pro-european and what europe needs ! '', 
  with 30 % of the vote in the last european elections and 8/28 of heads of state . 
  german i think . 
  yeah what pro-european parties ? 
  epp with mostly conservatives with little or no desire to an expansion of the eu ( and \u00f3rban because they 're too shit to even try to demand respect for their party members ) ; ecr with pis and the tories saying goodbye ( * super pro-eu * ) and of course the far-right eurosceptics . 
  you are so enamored by the cute videos and nice sound bites than you do n't even realize what 's happening . 
  verhofstadt is a remarkable example of an acceptable populist . 
  most people in southern eu countries do n't have that much hope in the future . 
  now at least in spain they can at least count on hospitals having the proper drugs and pills . 
  its not even comparable . 
  even with 25 % unemployment the spanish state never went through a collapse like the greek went . 
  spain last year grew something like 3,5 % and it 's in a upswing direction , greece is in the shitter for close to a decade now . 
  yeah , getting the approval of both the s&d and epp was key to not stall the eu and to accommodate the socialist leaders . 
  they need s&d the commissions proposals , budget and a whole array of parliamentarian work . 
  also they need the second biggest political block to affirm a strong european answer to the various threats on the eu . 
   do n't know why it would . 
  but i 've meet people like that , they 're so much talk and so little action . 
  they say things that sound good , or give them the leftist brownie points , without thinking . 
  half the time they are their own worst enemy because the shallow understanding of their own ideology leaves them parroting points that only work inside their own circles . 
  the gue-ngl leader fits that description . 
      i 've been with them , i 've been in the tent meetings of occupy , in the young socialist gatherings . 
  they genuinely think that they are , more like what you described , the right end of history and that alone will see them through the end . 
  until that , they 'll waste the days away with symbolic resistance , self-victimization and endless petty dramas . 
  i understand where you coming from and one only has to look at the monthly leftist drama to understand why the left does n't unite while the right manages to at least find common ground . 
  still i would n't compare champagne socialists at their protest debut at occupy or other protest to mature political formation at the euparl . 
  there are of course similar patterns in the discourse but at least those who managed to get to brussels work hard to represent their voters and political programme . 
  at least here in portugal they have that inflamed and populist rethoric but when one takes a closer look at their work it shows that they too try to find alliances and common ground with others meps . 
  still it 's probable tajani will be elected . 
  i guess tusk wo n't get a second mandate . 
   gue-ngl are sort of , well , idiots . 
  the perpetual backseat drivers of the political world . 
  and half the greens are n't much better . 
  well of course they show their dissatisfaction , they are n't there to give back massages to s&d or epp . 
  i 'm interested in that analogy , it reminds me of that nonsense of a whig sense of history as if a wonderful liberal and only rational future awaits us . 
   they 're more likely to abstain than side with a winning candidate they can live with . 
  the s&d might actually be looking at certain defeat . 
  nah , they 'll probably not vote for pitella in the first 4 rounds but the devil is in the mano a mano round . 
  who knows .
