then we spread them out per a quota system . 
  only after a ham sandwhich and some wodka . 
  we already had a lynch mob from refugees with 300 + people trying to kill one guy because he dumped the quran down the toilet ( go boy ! ) . 
  have fun with mohammed caricatures on the streets . 
  many muslims are good people because they are shitty muslims . 
  no pork ( because chicken/beef/vegetarian ) but no alcohol would ruin their weekend . 
  same with sex ( forbidden for men + women before marriage ) . 
  tits no further questions your honor . 
  because if the only thing you have is a bed and your wife ... well , it gets boring in the evening i guess . 
  how it 's going in the suburbs ? 
  interesting , thanks for the info and even with scientific sources , take this upvote . 
   bagdad belly ? 
  yes , uva . 
  but for the hormon d you need uvb but that is filtered because it can cause cancer . 
   greece does n't want to ask for help greece asked for help for years . 
  same with italy . 
  but nobody in the eu gave a fuck . 
  no please , do n't . 
  white flight ? 
  or more blonde flight ? 
  tanning beds do n't emit sun rays = no hormon d ( it 's not a vitamin ) . 
  and if you grow older you play outside with a fleshlight . 
  france ? 
  then no money for them in germany , easy solution ? 
  that does n't sound weird after all . 
  now i 'm hungry . 
  salty popcorn is a disgrace for every german . 
  sounds like someone is pregnant . 
  always sweet . 
  got salted popcorn once in america - disgusting . 
   thereby he caused the police to suspect imminent danger . 
  depending on the country you do n't have to follow orders from the police ( if you do n't use violence to do so ) . 
  for example in germany it is allowed to run away from the police without any consequences . 
  if i have to take a really really big shit you wo n't get me off that thing for an hour ... 
  because as a rich country i think it is good and okay to take war refugees ( of course not unlimited ) . 
  better giving them a home than being forced to fight for assad or the is in my opinion . 
  what we should n't do is giving up the difference between refugees and economical immigrants . 
  or registering everybody who wants asylum . 
  or our freedom of speech , art and whatever ( mohammed caricatures all around ) . 
  and we should definitly send back those who only came for the money . 
  he did nothing illegal ? 
  capped quotas = borders closed after that and no new asylum seekers and no money for those . 
  he does n't have to pay a dime . 
  no he is not responsible for it by law and he does n't have to pay anything . 
  going on the toilet is not illegal . 
  that 's why we nee capped quotas . 
  neither is blackmailing from germany . 
  hey poland , wan na see a magic trick ? 
  both are fanatic fucktards . 
  that 's how it works here actually ... also merkels words did motivated people to move to europe/germany , german journalists where in syria and reported from there - mass exodus because of this cunt . 
  time to order some shrimps . 
  hmmm no , okay it seems nobody follow the rules 1:1 so there are n't any real jews around . 
  maybe the militant ones in israel who are violent , attack muslims and christians and want to nuke whole palestina because they claim the `` holy land '' for themself . 
   were one to follow a definition as strict as yours , there are no muslims , christians , or jews on earth . 
  there are jews and muslims following the quran or thora 1:1 , christs not so much i guess ( otherwise you could buy a wife for 3 goats , good price i guess ) . 
   just do n't deny you 're an asshole when you deliberately piss off people you dont even know . 
  with that reasoning you ca n't say anything against anyone . 
  better not offend them child rapists ? 
  better not offend them mutilating little boys against their will ? 
  better not offend them, 
   freedom of speech bae it is limited in germany and does n't cover jihads . 
  but it does cover insulting a fairy tale involving a child rapist . 
  you see , the difference is i do n't say muslims are fucktards , i only say a fairy tale character from a book is a fucktard . 
  big difference . 
   women / children often sell themselves for sex . 
  was in a report about female refugees but i do n't find it . 
   others work for several months to pay the smugglers this was a report from stern.de about 2 eritrean siblings and their travel to europe but i do n't find it . 
  i will search further but my chrome history is too packed with links from the last 2 weeks , i do n't find anything , should have bookmarked them : / . 
  they ruined the opium farmer and their families which had a good salary under the taliban , love for america is not something you can expect from those . 
   it screams insecurity and edgine insecurity ? 
  because censoring yourself and be afraid to be killed if you say your opinion did happen in germany once , did n't end so well for my great grandfather ( hello buchenwald ) . 
  yes it is . 
  and if they do n't integrate into our society with our laws and values they can fuck off . 
  their religion has no meaning here , if they may be muslims or christians or anything . 
  i 'm only a trend whore - https://www.flickr.com/photos/imagesofperfection/4626935266/, 
   refugee container homes waiting time 5 + months for an order . 
  hadith of bukhari , volume 5 , # 234 bukhari vol . 
  7 , # 65 hadith of muslim , volume 2 , # 3309 hadith of the sunan of abu dawud , volume 2 , # 2116 `` the history of tabari '' , volume 9 , page 131, 
  well this seems accurate , but i would prefer rabbi on the left , imam on the right with a baby without penis in the middle on a table and some blood . 
  any pictures in high quality ? 
  the bible does n't say that it 's the word directly from god and it was crippled together over the centuries so you do n't have to follow most of the bible to be a christian . 
   freedom of speech baby ayy freedom of speech is limited in germany . 
   no one would create a businesses were the main demographic is assholes . 
  people are selling qurans and bibles , mkay . 
   what you 're talking about doing goes far above an beyond that though . 
  no , it 's the same . 
  jewish people ! = jewish religion . 
  jesus was a jew , i never understood what the christians have to do with that . 
   are those in the quran ? 
  is the hadith relevant for all the sects of islam ? 
  that is something i need to look up . 
   i do n't understand why you think muslim turks ignora that particular law . 
  because that 's what the quran says you have to do . 
  if you do n't do it you are no muslim . 
  people get offend by baseball caps , if you wear sweat pants or because of your hair cut . 
  but saying you hate baseball caps seems to be okay ? 
  it 's moslem in germany , i mix those sometimes . 
   countries such as turkey banned crime against women that 's because those are secular countries that do n't follow the quran . 
  this banning does mean shit for muslims because the quran is the highest law according to quran . 
  because jesus did n't raped anyone .
