  and i do run around making fun of the catholics and the jews . 
  the penalty prescribed by shari'a ( islamic ) law is execution for men and life imprisonment for women . 
   we all have been young and radical at some point . 
  yeah but i 'm not aware that changing a political view means that you can be punished to death like their religion says ... 
   i 'm pretty sure you think without christianity we would be colonizing the galaxy . 
  we had no science for 200 ? 
  years back then , i would n't say we would book a weekend trip to the moon but we would better without this unholy book , yes . 
   but i still respect them if they 're respectable human beings i only respect people that follow the declaration of human rights . 
  the quran violates that in every possible way , moslems support the quran therefore i do n't respect moslems . 
   about the wife-beating thing , majority of people do not support that and do n't do it . 
  the problem is that you ca n't forbid it . 
  the quran ca n't be changed for any reason , any moslem can beat his wife if he wants , `` do n't do it '' is not enough . 
  as long as moslems do n't ban all the hate crim against women , homosexuals etc ( which they ca n't because changing the quran = kufar ) i ca n't respect them in any way . 
   congrats , you just proved their point . 
  i already had a lot of arguments with christian and muslimic people . 
  a lot . 
  peaceful and with quotes from the bible and the quran . 
  when it comes to facts both sides iq drops to 0k , you ca n't argue with people that have a religion where the word for `` atheist '' is an insult . 
   but do so knowing that almost every non-muslim who sees you will automatically assume you 're a cunt . 
  doubt it here in germany . 
  i do n't speak kurwa :( . 
  the `` you ca n't draw mohammed '' is only for moslems . 
  i have nothing to do with a wife beating religion and if someone gets mad for this drawing of a arabic santa claus i could n't care less . 
  yes , i have no respect for moslems . 
  quran 4:34 , happy beating . 
  make me a good graphic for this and i will print it on a tshirt and send you a picture from me wearing it in public . 
   there is no governing body of muslims that decides which muslims are muslims . 
  muslim = quran . 
  and the quran is the holy word of god which ca n't be changed and must be followed . 
  you either follow it and are a muslim or you do n't and you are none . 
  you ca n't say `` alcohol is okay '' and call yourself a muslim if the quran clearly states that alcohol is forbiden . 
   only crackpots and fundamentalists who 're geniuely shitty people would justify their vile acts through scripture that has been written thousands of years ago . 
  nice description of muslims and the islam . 
  muslims do justify their shit with the quran and what is does is covered by the quran . 
  than they are no muslims because you either follow the quran = muslim or you do n't = not muslim . 
  there is nothing inbetween , the quran is very clear in that . 
  i do know that many people do n't follow the quran very strictly but they still support a religion with a child fucker and child rape on top . 
  so the islam supports underage brides and child rape . 
  and so do all muslims that have this religion . 
  lovely . 
  i know , i meant things will change in the anti-gay way when more muslims enter your state . 
   it 's a weird argument to make that muslims today live exactly like people in arabia used to live nearly 1500 years ago . 
  the thing is , in the islam you are n't allowed to change a damn letter in the quran . 
  everything is as it is and nothing can be changed . 
   are n't muslims people too ? 
  yes and their religion is something they chosed on their own . 
  i can and will critize people for their own decisions just like you can with political views , your dinner and your clothes . 
  but making fun of a fairy tale has nothing do to with people . 
  if they believe in it , their thing and not my problem . 
  i can make fun of santa claus and the easterbunny and mohammed , people believe in these things but that does n't mean i ca n't make fun of them . 
   neither does the quran actually . 
  what the prophet has allowed muslims ca n't forbid . 
  everything the prophet did is allowed for muslims . 
   you are very much against muslims yes i am because you are allowed to beat your wife and stone people according to the quran . 
  something i ca n't support and muslims do support this . 
   the quran does n't either . 
  less than 5 % of muslims in germany advocate for the introduction of the sharia . 
  source ? 
   insulting is very much covered by free speech . 
  sorrry to disappint you . 
  unless it touches your honour , it is covered . 
  no , it is n't in germany . 
   you could say the same about a lot of things written in the bible . 
  that 's why we had 300 years of war because of that shit and now the bible has no meaning in european laws . 
   however i reserve myself the right to call you an asshole for it . 
  you have every right ( okay you do n't because insulting is not free speech ) to do so and i 'm very happy that you take this right instead of a lynch mob like it happend in a german shelter already . 
  the bible does n't encourage child rape as far as i know ? 
  i 'm against religion , not against people . 
   there are more intelligent ways to ` deal ' with this kind of things . 
  and what ways ? 
  the quran is 90 % against our laws and the declaration of human rights . 
  why ? 
  i do n't offend anybody ( and if someone feels offended who cares ? 
  ) , i show my disgust about a child raping guy . 
  why am i an asshole if i do n't follow a dogma from a religion i have nothing to do with ? 
  anybody will be upset about something , you can forbid everything and fuck our society our make a move for free speech and freedom of art . 
  if i flip my flag upside down can i join your barbwire borders ? 
   the definition remains the same . 
  yes the definition , but everybody after the 01.01.1951 was not considered a refugee with the 1951 convention . 
  i know what you mean now but use the 1967 convention then from the beginning please . 
  i said `` can '' . 
  not that is has too . 
  but i now cases where it took a year depending on where you 're from . 
  at the moment refugees get a special treatment with that for no reason with their papers , no registration , no fingerprints , no id checks , it 's all total bullshit . 
   these people are doctors and engineers and computer experts and business men . 
  yes , some are . 
  no , most are not , see the numbers above . 
  without a high school diploma you are classified as `` low qualification '' . 
  here are also some numbers : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article145745112/jeder-sechste-fluechtling-ging-auf-die-uni.html 15 % university 16 % high school the rest has no qualification and even with a high school diploma you ca n't do shit in germany , university degree ( master 5 years ) or apprenticeship ( 3 years ) and that is with native language skills . 
   the 1967 protocol you spoke from the 1951 protocol and this one does make a difference . 
  poland , we are coming for you < 3 . 
   because the majority of them are educated http://www-stg.mdr.de/nachrichten/syrische-fluechtlinge-bestens-ausgebildet100.html 25 % have only high school graduation = no job qualification . 
  23 % have only 10 . class graduation = no job qualification 17 % have only elementary graduation = no job qualification 3 % are illiterate = no job qualification makes 68 % that has nothing to offer for the job market . 
  + 2-5 years for b2/c1 level that you need to apply for jobs . 
  + 15 months waiting time for the mandatory eu worker check . 
  all this immigrants are the new lower class for the next 20-30 years , sure some will fin a job but our german government said 80 % will stay unemployed because see above . 
  i 'm not taking this numbers ouf of my ass . 
   they get their degrees evaluated in europe you have no idea how long it even takes for europeans to get anything evaluated in europe . 
  have fun with foreign graduation papers ... this can take years . 
   special conditions need to be taken into consideration hell no , lowering any standards is hopefully not going to happen .
