  can i be your friend ? 
  i 'm only 2 hours from the border < 3 . 
  normal office jobs ? 
   i guess i could use my russian in ukraine i doubt that 's a good idea at the moment . 
  nice voice and your german is not that bad . 
  i 'm fluent in blitzkrieg . 
  prost du sack . 
  that 's because many only have a part time job because they do n't find one full time . 
  bring some weed and you 're welcome . 
   plus if anything , western europe needs more cheap labor no , we do n't . 
  we need people with education and bachelor/master degrees , not people who have only finished 4 . or 10 . class like 70 % of the syrians . 
  for a job you need b2/c1 level . 
  that takes 1-3 years . 
  `` some '' = 20 % . 
  nobody works 10-12 hours a day . 
  he wrote it at 21:35 , that 's very weird working so late , normaly you work 8 hours a day + 30 minutes mandatory break . 
  and on a friday evening ... seems like someone needs to hit a deadline . 
  when they see topless women in the summer , mohammed caricatures on tshirts ( making some now ) and nobody gives a fuck about islam . 
  well , you work 8 hours per day , he said 5-7 and in the turkey he had to work 10 hours , so yeah , if he gets a job he has to work 8 instead of 7 . 
  we export some muslims and you import some constructors ? 
  i doubt germekka will give many orders to poland . 
  we lack 7 billions euro every year into the infrastructure to keep it at the same level . 
  our streets , bridges and everything goes to hell at the moment , big holes in the asphalt and blocked bridges because they may collapse . 
  yeah thought the same , this wording is much better  . 
  \u2501 \u2564 \u30c7 \u2566 ( \u2580 \u033f\u033f\u0139\u032f\u033f\u033f \u2580 \u033f \u033f ), 
  well , they are flying . 
  we are n't . 
  sad but true . 
  our equipment is shit , mostly broken ( helicopters ca n't fly because no parts to repair etc ) and outdated for 10 + years now . 
  i may migrate over to denmark in the next 5-10 years and nothing can stop me \\ o / . 
  also , pigeon shit everywhere . 
  one bigmac and a quickie ? 
  one germoney please ? 
  it 's not like denmark is open for refugees at the moment ... closed borders . 
  most refugees do n't even know that there is a state between hungary and germany . 
  everybody knows that greece ca n't pay back the debts anytime in this century and that there will be a big cut . 
  the 80 billion euro from germany are lost , merkel did n't have the balls to tell it officialy but it 's an open secret . 
   tiny powerless minority of muslims they are not tiny . 
  they are not powerless . 
  have fun walking around in a german town with the danish mohammed caricatures, 
  only if the internship is longer than 3 months . 
  surprisingly , you only see 3 months internships nowadays . 
  that would make berlin east europe . 
  i only saw the video ( the guy with the woman and the baby , then coming several police men ? ), 
  but never heard the story , could you explain it please ? 
   is there anyone in germany who could do the same to merkel ? 
  well , a hitman is quite expensive , you know . 
  as a german i can only say merkel is a batshit mad lying bitch . 
   the official german stance is , that we will be able to accommodate 500,000 refugees per year in germany over the next year . 
  no it is not the official german stance . 
  we have no official german stance right now , merkel is a headless chicken and gabriel has no meaning , he is vice chancellor because they have a coalition , not because he has anything to say . 
  unpaid interns everywhere , not giving a fuck . 
   a lot of his design decisions were made while he was angry or embarrassed or horny `` a lot '' = everything and you get the quran . 
  mohammed was leading wars in his last 10 years . 
  in this time , he started 100 wars , over 1 war every month ( 1,2 ) . 
  there is no `` creativity '' or `` free thought '' in islam but only war , murder und slaughter . 
   look at catholicism or even ironically orthodoxy . 
  i only see retarded people , no difference . 
  everything in this books was literal , unless people asked too many questions and it was realized that the whole religion shit breaks down if they do n't alter it to `` oh nononono , it was meant metaphorically !!! '' . 
  and then the next questions arrived and another bullshit story went metaphorically . 
  you take everything literally or nothing , there is no inbetween . 
  that 's why i find both religions anti-democratic and totally disgusting . 
  sharia law is the only law for muslims says the quran . 
  people that name themself muslims but do n't follow it are not muslims . 
  but much more than 8 times less money . 
   i would go as far and say that it is also inherently antisemitic . 
  that 's nothing new and nothing to `` go as far '' . 
  it 's common knowledge if one reads the quran . 
   same shit is in the bible , yet you dont see anyone christian bothering it 12 st\u00e4mme ? 
  catholics ? 
  america ? 
  i see a lot of of people bothering it . 
  the stuff we did in the last centuries ca n't be made in 1-5 years and it was only possible because the bible is not the word of god . 
  the quran is and you ca n't change anything in it , that is the big difference . 
  there will be no enlightment because you ca n't change a fucking thing . 
  i wish you luck being liberal with 4:34 . 
  you are 100 % allowed to beat your wife - there is nothing liberal with that and you ca n't change any word in the quran . 
  good luck with that in a religion where changing the religion means death . 
   60 % of moslems that actively live their religion in germany ( going to mosque etc. ), 
  are in favor of gay marriage no . 
  63 % of all strict religious moslems rethink their religious beliefs from time to time ( whatever that means , could mean anything ) , from this 63 % there are 60 % that are okay with gay marriage = 37,8 % . 
  the other moslems that dont question their religion have 40 % being okay with gay marriage . 
  there is nowhere in this text a `` 60 % of all german moslems are okay with gay marriage '' . 
  this study is bullshit , the 60 % are only for moslems that question their own religion more often , the rest that does n't do that has only 40 % approvement . 
  and because this `` study '' does n't give any real numbers the 40 % could be a 90 % majority of the moslems or only 10 % . 
  60 % of moslems approve gay marriage ? 
  not with this source , sorry . 
  also , that would leave nearly the half of all moslems with the same islamic shit that we see in syria , irak , iran etc where being homosexual means death . 
  you see 60 % as something great , big , wow so much people do n't want to stone homosexuals to death , woooooh . 
  fuck this people . 
  quote for the 60 % ? 
  they mutilate children , that 's enough for me to throw them all out of the country . 
   i do n't really see whats wrong with them beeing here :0 their religion beliefs are 100 % against the declaration of human rights and the equality of men and women and other religions . 
  islam means no peace but war . 
   three weeks work for un getting the nuclear launch codes ? 
  the islam is the opposite of the declaration of human rights . 
  there is nothing to fit . 
  same for the bible and the thora . 
  also not their religion . 
  it 's merkels fault because she could n't keep her bitch mouth shut .
