   that 's a non-issue and more of a leadership and management problem than a emigration problem you described german politics very well . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to let muslims into the countries either ( we already have muslimic ghettos with sharia shit in france , germany and sweden ) but letting them die is no solution . 
   or all end up in germany how about no ? 
  we need several thousand teachers , several thousand social workers , several thousand trauma psychologists to cope with the acutal refugee numbers ( and there no teachers , social workers and psychologists available , it lacks everywhere ) and the house sector is burned down , reasonable prices for apartments are not available in germany , excluded with the refugees . 
  add 800.000 refugees onto the house sector ( low income people cant afford housing in germany atm ) and you get riots soner or later . 
  sweden 2 years . 
  if you have no facts you insult , interesting strategy . 
  unless you 're uncle sam . 
  yes , we invited , at least that was the message from her words : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_omifg1l7xw, 
  i do n't understand your downvotes , it is clearly true that merkels words had this effect . 
  prove and source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_omifg1l7xw, 
  i doubt those people would learn anything after the syrian government killed them . 
  more arabic food here : great more muslims : \u0ca5_\u0ca5, 
  america is now willing to take 10.000 refugees this year . 
  that 's the daily train rush of refugees in munich in one day . 
   do you really think merkels statement encouraged more syrians to cross the mediteranian in rickety rafts ? 
  yes . 
  definitly . 
  prove is here . 
   guys , guys , just admit germany fucked up and made this worse than it had to be . 
  i admit that merkel is an ugly cunt being banged by populism . 
  just as kohl did , her mentor . 
  * lately *, 
  women and children are raped in the refugee shelters because letting several hundred men alone with women/girls/boys was ... surprise surprise ... not the best idea . 
  same happend in the us when hurricane kathrina forced people into a stadium . 
  happy rapping . 
  yes , in the end it 's the same . 
  but i only have to own one , i can have it in a locker at the bank , in my home or 600km apart at the home of my mother . 
  does n't matter where i have it . 
   this would be a bit of a culture shock to them wait until they learn that the quran and the prophet is not protected in europe and you can burn it and draw him with 3 penises on the head in the open every day . 
  which brings me to `` the cumran '' , the first moslem porno ? 
  brb , getting copyright . 
   because we , western countries , completely destibilized their region . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany did n't destabilized anything there , just saying . 
   who cares about culture , who cares about economy ? 
  many people do . 
  you can only let x thousand refugees / immigrants in until your social system , school system , renting system explodes . 
  getting payable apartments for people with low income is already fucking impossible , we have far too little teachers , social workers and trauma psychologists and i 'm talking about thousands for each , thousands of teachers , thousand of social workers , thousands of psychologists are missing . 
  and the culture ? 
  most people are moslems , the quran threats women like shit , hundred people tried to kill somebody in a german refugee shelter because he dropped the quran in the toilet ( totally legal in germany ) . 
   send winnie the pooh back to the 100 acre wood . 
  does n't that need something more than a 9mm caliber ? 
   almost everyone has some type of id in their wallets , but there is no legal obligation to carry it . 
  same in germany . 
   what is fundamentalism everything against the declaration of human rights . 
  you ca n't handle that amounf of free femen boobies that will appear . 
  `` aldi '' does n't exist , there is aldi nord and aldi s\u00fcd and one of them does n't sell cigarettes ( i have in mind that this was the reason they broke apart , one aldi guy did n't want it ) . 
   if caught they will be deported back to the camp and banished from applying for asylum again . 
   eu partners were not consulted about that move neither was the german parliament ... she acted on an illegal base . 
  and if they have work they have only temporary contracts . 
  best time to start a family , yeah ... 
  there are not many countries left then ... 
  please no ... 
  refugees vs chinese worker ? 
  chinese wins 10:1 ...  do n't require a high level of education 15-20 % are iliterate . 
  their school system is 5 years behind the european ones , an 8th grader has the skills of a 3rd grader ... ... their degrees are worth nothing mostly . 
  you really underestimate the clusterfuck we have with 1 million ( 80 % men ) really really dumb people . 
  the sauds are losing a shit ton of money every month at the moment . 
  their `` empire '' is build on giving money to their citizens to keep them calm , that costs a lot . 
   and especially if profitable industries are operating 80-90 % of the german asylum seekers ca n't do shit and will stay unemployed because they have no education ... ... ... what industrie do you want to build there ? 
   the eu membership does come with responsibilities even the german parlament was n't involved in opening the borders ( which would be mandatory !, 
  ) , the whole thing is illegal and breaks a shitload of laws . 
  there is no responsibility for a country to do that too . 
  also , just because merkel said `` come over , free money '' other countries ca n't be forced to deal with that shit . 
  are n't the syrians there not only allowed as `` guests '' instead of refugees / immigrants ? 
   that does not appear to be possible in germany nope , master has to fit to the bachelor degree to some level , it 's seen as an upgrade to the bachelor in the same area . 
  we had immigrants , people who are educated enough to work . 
  now we have useless refugees who ca n't do shit on the job market because you basically need a qualification for everything in germany . 
  hairdresser ? 
  3 years apprenticeship and that is if you can read & write and if you have b1/b2 language level ... 
   immigrants are a good way to bolster it they are no immigrants . 
  we do n't need 700.000 useless refugees without any education but higly skilled immigrants . 
  our work minister said 70 % will stay umemployed after 5 and going on and look at the unemployment rate of the netherlands with syrians ... . 
  hating jews and women having basically no rights are in the quran very often and they are very explicit . 
  i 'm still holding the position . 
  the grundgesetz ( gg ) is the german constitution . 
  and the millions in the torturing camps where you may be grilled over an open fire . 
   but needs people who are able to operate the machines and computers that milk cows nope , the cows are going to the machines by themselfs and are getting milked and feeded automaticlly . 
  statistics are tracked by rfid/chips for each cow and the farmer can view the milk output as diagrams on his computer . 
   i just do not understand why all refugees tries to reach only the most wealth countries social benefits . 
   remember that dogs are considered foul in islam nobody gives a shit about islam ... 
  welcome to france . 
  turks are totally different from arabs when it comes to religion . 
  art . 
  coming from an eu country = no refugee . 
  personal experience < < statistics, 
  for that we have `` special schools '' . 
  does n't give you a great career though . 
  yes , otherwise how could they pay rent and stuff ? 
  but it 's lower than working as a `` hilfsarbeiter '' like they did . 
  language level b2 : 2-3 years . 
  apprenticeship : 3 years , let 's say you can start after 2 years of language school , that are 5 years . 
  and those for people who are already educated - 60-70 % of the refugees are illiterate , 8 . graders being on the level of german third graders . 
  there will no way be around the apprenticeship , no politician would touch that . 
   lack of knowledge that russia is a federation satellite states that would get invaded today if they want to be free ... 
  / + all the people that are placed in `` reeducation courses '' and `` schools '' to eliminiate them out of the statistic . 
  it 's faked like shit . 
  refugees should n't decide where to live . 
   we will probably accept around 500-600k from this million . 
  and the rest will stay like the decades before .
