  but everything the is does is covered from the quran , even with different understandings between muslims they can never say anything against the is as long as both keep to the quran . 
  that 's the main problem in my eyes . 
  i 'm an anti theist . 
  also all the stuff above is in the quran , i 've read the book . 
   they used to say the same thing about the bible ... 
  difference 1 : past difference 2 : the quran contains mostly explicit orders and a full developed law system that ca n't be changed without changing the quran which is impossible in the islam . 
  the bible does n't have that and it 's not the direct word of god , that is the big difference . 
  the difference is that the quran has a full law system included that can never be changed and is the word of god and 1700 years old and full of shit . 
  also the quran is full of direct orders besides the sharia , the bible is n't . 
   besides does n't the quran say to respect the law of the and ? 
  you mean after the part where you should kill all jews and christians and atheists and ex-muslims and gays and hit your wife and rape 9y girls like mohammed did ? 
   you should read ` mixed danish-islamic law ' as islamic law applying to muslims in family matters quran 4:34 . 
  lol . 
  yes you do ... 
   well , religion is always what the followers make of it . 
  the quran is the direct word of god and can never be changed by one letter . 
  you follow the shit that 's in there or you are no muslim . 
   yet are seen as foreigners by the natives even when they 've been born and raised here that does mean shit if they do n't speak decent german , are extremly religious and their social behaviour is like shitheads . 
  of course nobody accepts them with their ghetto stuff . 
   they outperform whites on most other relevant metrics ( e.g. , test scores , graduation rates , income , etc ) . 
  suicide rates too because the pressure for best grades is high ... 
  / e mistaken for eritrea . 
   it seems like a stupid political move that wo n't help anyone at all are there any other political moves out there ? 
  yes , a vegetarian meal should be available i think , eating meat everyday is not healthy ( okay it would be i guess if it would n't be pumped up with hormones and other stuff ... ) . 
  there already is . 
  it 's called `` do n't eat the pork then but the rest '' : , 
   now they are discontinuing that just to fuck with religious idiots that think that the state is responsible for their sky guy demands . 
  if they do n't want pork because their sky guy told them it 's their own damn fault and they can fuck off in my opinion . 
  it 's their decision . 
  unless you draw the child rapist mohammed very free . 
   this is a propaganda video by extremists claiming to be normal everything they said is in the quran and the sharia ... . this is normal muslimic thinking , that 's the base of their religion . 
  this are normal muslims - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na3xn5ptzxm, 
   while tolerant and progressive muslims muslims ca n't be tolerant or progressive . 
  the quran can never change , therefor the islam can never change . 
  what you describe is someone that labels themself as muslimic but is n't . 
  i knew a girl in my university . 
  pretty , big tits , very sexy . 
  then she began to speak in saxon dialect ...  but this should happen by befriending others and as a result of a slow unconscious adaption . 
  not like to kinda survive your day of school . 
  true , mobbing is no game but physical and psychical abuse . 
   he did his best to get rid of is dialect asap . 
  which i find is a sad thing since everyone should be able to be proud of his heritage . 
  to be fair , saxon dialect is kinda ... odd . 
   the fact that they all want to go to germany and refuse to stay in poorer , but perfectly peaceful , countries makes me question their motives too , to put it lightly . 
  they are illegal economic immigrants by definition then and should be labeled as those . 
   asylum centres are being burned down weekly ( daily ? ), 
  one per day was stated in a newspaper . 
   some odd and paradoxic overlapses not necessary , if they live in their muslimic ghettos this is britain for them and they are then loyal to it . 
   it is also stated there that 91 per cent of muslims feel loyal to britain . 
  `` loyal '' can mean anything . 
  are they loyal because they want sharia law for their glorious loyal country ? 
   the conviction that young arab muslims are violent rapists and murderers if they would follow the quran they all would be . 
  those are not moslems if they do n't follow it but wannabes . 
   it 's not only about numbers now but also about culture ? 
  yes ??? 
  the moslem religion is n't compatible in any part with european values , the german constitution and the declaration of human rights, 
   oh , so every christian can be blamed for anti lgbt activism ? 
  the catholics yes , the catholic religion sets the pope as the direct representative , his word is the word of god -  if the pope says gays are bad then every catholic person has to think gays are bad or they are no catholics . 
  there is no inbetween , popes word = law . 
  unsure about the protestants , last time i read the new testament has been a while . 
  and that 's why every religious person is some weird psycho for me . 
  pffff not very efficient . 
  i would hit some moslems with frozen pork legs . 
  that 's not what cieloroto said or meant . 
  she would still be chancellor , party leader does n't mean shit . 
   so does every muslim have blood on their hands for isis , taliban and the other hundred or so pious terror groups ? 
  they have the same religion = the same values and both actions are permitted with the quran , yes they all have blood on their hands because no muslim can ever say anything against is or the taliban as long as their actions ( like sex slavery ) is covered within the quran . 
   constant anti-islam propaganda ever read the quran ? 
  it 's a piece of shit , violating every european value , the german constitution and the declaration of human rights . 
  they even worship a psychopathic childfucker . 
  being not anti-islamic sounds weird too me , not the other way around . 
   even merkel would be forced to step down if the majority of the party would not back her no , she would n't . 
  that 's the problem . 
   if i remember correctly only 10 % of people deported from germany bother living . 
  14 % leave afaik = 86 % stay illegaly in europe . 
  it fucking hurts like hell ... 
  depending on the wife , of course . 
  nothing ruins your sex drive than unpacking christmas presents / burka women and finding socks . 
   `` i ca n't have sex with my wife , '' says on the men . 
  `` that is a major issue . '', 
  i 'm on his side ... 
  for that they need to pay taxes . 
  for that they need to work . 
  for that they need jobs . 
  for that they need qualifications . 
  they lack everything , just look at the unemploymen rate for refugees in sweden . 
  because being part of western europe ! = kissing merkels ass . 
  [ just internet things ] ( http://pre13.deviantart.net/84d0/th/pre/i/2011/208/5/4/zombie_jesus_vs_robot_hitler_by_13flamesempire-d41v019.jpg ), 
  because fuck twitter ? 
  \\ #that ` showyoudoitbaby, 
  would watch . 
  oh ... then 4000 are coming every day :d . 
  and 2000 are coming every day ... 
  east germany 76 % atheists , west germany ~ 46 % afaik . 
  so nope , you are no minority . 
  that 's true but many many people argue that those `` refugees '' ( mostly illegal economic immigrants ) are those skilled workers . 
  which is a lie . 
  her speech did encouraged masses in syra , libanon and other states to come to germany . 
  ard report from syria stated that . 
   basically everyone agrees that germany needs skilled immigrants anyways .
