  sharia ghetto is what i would call it . 
  http://www.n-tv.de/panorama/duisburg-marxloh-verkommt-zum-getto-article15752211.html as a muslim you see women and men not as equal . 
  that is fact , it 's in the quran , it 's the base of their religion . 
  you see women as inferior when you are a muslim , `` doing just fine '' with that attitude is ... not fine . 
   truly a sick fuk biological every men has a sexual sense for young girls/women around the age when they get their period because then they are ready for sexual reproduction , that 's neither sick nor unnormal . 
   where muslim extremists go around trying to enforce sharia law and intimidating native germans . 
  that 's not what sharia ghetto means . 
  it means that you as a member of the muslimic society there are overwatched by the rest and if , for example , you do n't wear your headscarf and som.ebody sees you without it your parents and the imam are informed and you get forced to wear it . 
  the social pressure to follow the quran because otherwise it gets violent at home or the honor of your family is in danger is high , that 's what it means . 
  you as a non muslim are not involved unless you dress `` too slutty '' , then you may get problems with the men . 
   you do know that most of the migrants are from eastern europe ( balkans ) and have no right for asylum and will be deported as soon as possible ? 
  that 's not true , the number of east european asyl seekers was ~ 40 % in the summer but it decreased since then lower and lower , the last weeks was mostly the middle east . 
   and what does being a `` moslem '' have anything to do with how willing you are to find a job or not ? 
  having a women as a boss ? 
  have fun working together with women ? 
  have fun having women as direct customers , maybe even with hand shake ? 
  have fun  why do you assume that people who are fleeing war are fundamentalists ? 
  i do n't say they are fundamentalists . 
  the problem in the islam is that the normal people are the problem - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na3xn5ptzxm  i am not aware of any such places neuk\u00f6lln . 
  nordstadt are the places i know personally . 
   has very little to do with religion of those people who live there lol . 
  arabics and middle east are the people there , all muslims . 
  she set schengen out of order ... 
   you aregued with the laws . 
  i did . 
   it does not matter that they are not in favor of it . 
  i never said that it matters . 
   if they dont need the parliaments consent setting german and european law out of order seems to need consent . 
  because we offer them money , food and a shelter . 
  and later an own appartment , free education for them and their kids and they can get their family without having any money , any security , any safety and we ca n't get rid of them if they behave like shit . 
  they do n't even have to work anytime in their lives if you have an iq  80 to trick the system . 
  even murdering someone during asyl does n't change your asylum chances - it 's a total joke . 
  they come for the money and if you come for the money you are no refugee but an illegal economic immigrant and german asyl law says fuck you , not gon na happen . 
  but german laws are out of order thanks to merkel , same for eu law with schengen . 
  out of retirement without paying . 
  they want volunteers ... and do n't pay anything . 
  i 'm just using the wording by the german asylum law . 
  entering from third safe state = no refugee fleeing from civil war = no refugee fleeing because of poverty = no refugee and many many more . 
  damn , this heavy influenza takes a week of my life and my brain ... 
  the cdu is the only one not wanting the posibility for volksentscheide . 
  surprise ... a legimitation is only there if the parlament was involved . 
  opening the borders with a finger snap is not . 
  you mean illegaly ignoring german and european law and letting europe being flood with illegal economic immigrants ? 
  you are only a refugee if you flee from war ( not a civil war !, 
  by german law and the syrian war is one ) . 
  after the turkish border they do n't flee , they want money . 
  and there will be no searching . 
  if they are standing in front of your door and they knock and you do n't answer they ca n't enter to grap you . 
  they have to go away ... it 's a joke . 
  did you consider building 400.000 new homes ( for 5 years each year ) into that price ? 
  because it will be a lot more than 5 % next year ... . 
  because it is not our problem . 
  yes we should help financing the camps over there but we have no responsibility for anything in the middle east . 
   this is not an issue to be decided by popular opinion it affects everybody in the country and ignoring german and european law because merkel just said so is bullshit , there is no legimitation of what happens here in germany . 
  20 % less victims , doing nothing works . 
   many people will vote based on their instincts and emotions and you believe politicians decide because of logic and facts ? 
  social media accounts are lead by the pr teams of those people . 
   so what choices does an immigrant have ? 
  you are either an immigrant or a refugee . 
  if you are in turkey you are out of war , if you travel futher you are an illegal economic immigrant , nothing more . 
   additional 25,000 teachers are needed . 
  problem : there are no teachers with the needed qualification ( german as foreign language ) in the job market . 
  literally none . 
  getting new ones takes 6 + years ... have fun . 
  unemployed numbers are faked . 
  you have no job but you get a `` course '' for 1 year where you are doing nothijg but hey , you 're officially not unemployed anymore . 
  the real number is much much higher . 
  while 70 % are single males ... yet they bring up a family for emotions . 
   serbs , croats and muslims islam is not a race ... 
  bacon is forbidden in the old testament ... 
  women stay at home and breed many kids - check . 
   all at negligible cost to your own organisation being shot does n't seem to be a `` negligible cost '' . 
  last time i was in copenhagen was in march , it was damn cold with the sea around , extremly windy . 
  but the city is great , i would still prefer thailand if i have the money i guess , 25-30 \u00b0 and the food ... oh the food . 
  denmark is pretty cool . 
  sm\u00f8rrebr\u00f8d for life but it 's fucking cold there . 
  spain / portugal maybe , somewhere where it 's warm with good food . 
  and i fucking love thailand . 
  chiang mai or bangkok it is . 
  we can kick them all out . 
  because you can critisize one thing without emigrating ? 
  your answer is the dumbest shit ever . 
   theres always interpretation in between yes but either you follow all content of the quran whatever interpretation you have about it = muslim or you do n't = no muslim . 
  just ignoring stuff in the quran because you do n't like it does n't make you a muslim . 
   cause theres no possible way anyone actually follows every single thing thats in there . 
  i heard the is is running for the `` true child fucker muslim '' award . 
   which simply isnt true . 
  a muslim that does n't follow the quran is no muslim . 
   problem with integration rather than anything else moslems do n't integrate because the islam is against everything europe stands for . 
  human rights 'n stuff ... 
  would n't that be water ? 
   vodka with the alcohol extracted is not an alcohol-free drink technically ... . 
  the latter . 
  i hate religion and especially the islam because of the content of the quran . 
   really , what you say can be said about the bible as well i never said i like the bible either . 
  my reading of the old testament has been a while , could you link the law system in there if possible please ? 
  would like to read it . 
   had figured out that it should n't be taken too literally muslims do n't . 
   my point is that calling somebody a ` non-muslim ' simply because they have a different reading from the text is untrue and counter productive . 
  maybe .
