  legal point of view : they are in safety , their life is not in imminent danger = no refugee . 
  also german asyl law 16a : `` until you come from a safe third state '' . 
  they traveled through 5-6 safe countries to get to holland . 
  they are no refugees but illegal economic immigrants . 
  fart , shit , ( heavy ) abdominal pain . 
  most times you only have 1 thing if you are lactose intolerant , having to fart is the best thing , silent bio weapons . 
  atat\u00fcrk is dead , all hail erdogan . 
  it 's healthy if you take less meat and more salat ( and no dressing but a bit zaziki ) . 
   a lot of people realise that the us salaries are much higher and do n't include health insurance and what not ... 
   unless they literally do n't know the first thing about the israeli-arab conflict . 
  they took their land . 
  they still build settlements on palestina ground , shutting down the whole ghetto . 
  no electricitiy , no education , shortage of food and water ... ... yeah , beautiful israel paradise they made . 
   i very seriously doubt you are my grandfather was gased in a kz , my mother has the death certificate at home . 
  but of course in the internet everybody can be everybody . 
   fully aware that the modern state of jewish civilization is a lighthouse of our common values of enlightenment and humanism dude , israel does the same as the germans did with the kzs . 
  pal\u00e4stina is a big , ugly clusterfuck because of israel and they threat the people like shit . 
  israel is not better than nazi germany . 
  and i say that as a german jew . 
   unless predictions have changed since september , it should be 800k right ? 
  nope , 1 million at least . 
  the refugees are not exploited or murdered . 
  if they join our country we have every right to detain them , it 's our border , we make the rules . 
  if you do n't like it don ' enter the country , free choice . 
   we want them we do ? 
  it 's not about a `` safe state '' , it 's about if their life is in danger in turkey -  only then they are refugees . 
  otherwise they are just illegal economical immigrants ( they pass 5-6 safe borders to come to germany , 7-8 for sweden ... ... ) . 
   his research indicates that allowing free movement of all people across international borders could double world gdp halfs our money , 4x the money for the third world people , surprise you doubled the gdp . 
  a bag of drugs is several thousand dollars at least , weapons even more . 
  you do n't get that with 10 $ every week . 
  bad businesss decision from the guards ... 
   scrambled egg with brains \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  and still does afaik . 
  they do know . 
  i will vote afd myself because i have no other party left against illegal economical immigrants . 
  is n't that the definition of `` idiot '' ? 
  yeah and that went so well ... 
  what is wh ? 
   you would probably get a similar feeling if you went to a gun store in alabama , got a colt and a few free boxes of ammo without even showing your id i would be very very scared ... 
  in germany people = the government . 
  if somebody gets hurt because you did n't take care of the snow in front of your house till 8am ... big problems are waiting for you . 
  oh hey i was in burg eltz . 
  fucking expensive food , i only drank a beer ... :  . 
  and the leaves in the autumn . 
  the traffic minister said sorry because a train arrived 2 minutes too late in the news ... japan trains are awesome . 
   it is like people there even want it to be votes = yes , people want it to be ... 
  sounds like lord of the rings . 
  newspaper said he `` wanted to do somebody a favor '' . 
  litauen is the german word so go german version . 
  kebab can never stop . 
  michael jackson is alive !, 
  nope , not in germany ... 
  i want to see the us border patrols arresting 100.000 people at once . 
  just like before ? 
  build a wall , have an army , enforce the law ? 
  state territory is no fucking kindergarten ... 
  the cdu is against them ... as the only party afaik . 
   if their beliefs are consistent with a modern society , it does n't really matter what their beliefs in an afterlife are . 
  that 's the problem . 
  islam is not consistent with a modern society . 
  islam is against declaration of human rights , the sharia is against the government . 
   the problem with this line of thinking is is that you blame a book written 1400 years ago for an asshole who hits his wife the asshole follows the 1400 old book , that 's the reason he can beat his wife . 
   muslims who have decided to live in the modern world do the same . 
  as you can see in the whole middle east and in africa ... full of wonderful , modern people not hitting , killing women , forcing them to stay at home , forcing them to wear the headscarf or burka . 
  yeah ... . the whole area is so piecefully for women . 
   i think you personally do not know any muslim people i do know some . 
  and you ca n't discuss with them about religion , quote a quran thing 1:11 that does n't fit into their perfect bubble and they get violent . 
  no logical reasoning or arguments , just violent . 
   just like among germans you have racists and nazis and then those who are normal people i do n't consider any muslim normal , i 've seen too many muslim shit in my live and from the work of my mother who teaches in a school with 90 % muslim children + parents . 
  there may be some more tolerant muslims but the tolerant and the dschihad muslim can take the same book and say `` here , i 'm right '' and the tolerant muslim does n't say anything against the normal muslim as long as he can argue with mohammed . 
  if mohammed wrote it or did it or allowed it no muslims ever can say anything against it . 
  that 's why every muslim has the right to rape underage girls , mohammed did it and was mohammed did the muslims ca n't forbid in the islam . 
   you can tell them it 's not consistent with the quran , they 'll tell you to stop being a dick and shut the fuck up . 
  so instead of logical arguments they insult . 
  that 's what i got till now from muslims i ask about that . 
  not a single one could argue in his favor , some got violent against me . 
   it is kinda ridiculous to suggest that `` muslims believe men and women are not equal '' when i personally know lot of muslims who never have any problem with a man or a woman then those are not muslims . 
  the quran is quite clear with that and is the direct word of god , follow it = muslim , otherwise no muslim - 4:34 , a man can hit his wife . 
  and a muslim sees mohammed as the perfect being with the perfect behaviour forever . 
  ask your muslim friends if they share mohammeds opinion that raping a 9y old is okay , ca n't wait for the answer . 
   just like in judaism we have jews who are secular , even atheist , and jews who are so orthodox that they wo n't even sit beside a woman on a plane . 
  lol you are not really coming with `` jews can be atheists tooo !!!! '' . 
  jewish as a religion and jewish as ethnic group are 2 totally different things but with the same name . 
   nothing to do with the religion of those that live there muslims say women and man are not equal with the same rights . 
  then ask him if he sees men and women as equal with the same equal rights as stated in the declaration of human rights and as the law in every european country . 
  quran says nope . 
  ca n't wait to hear his answer . 
   interesting , from what i 've seen applicants from kosovo have indeed decreased by a lot , but the latest numbers i could find were from september . 
  source ? 
  will try to find the source again , read too many article this week ( influenza = 18 hours in bed for 6 days , yeah ) . 
   so a bunch of salafists self-identifying as non-fundamentalists is a good indicator now ? 
  everything they said is the quran as the base rules for muslims . 
  that 's what every muslim believes if he calls himself a muslim . 
   there are tons of muslims in germany doing their job just fine . 
  you 're painting with a very broad brush there . 
  there are . 
  and there are muslimic ghettos where the women do n't speak german and the girls are not allowed to swim with the boys in sports , my mother teaches in dortmund there , teachers are always together in the school breaks because women may get attacked because they are inferior , school letters are ignored because they ca n't read german and we are n't in the telephone book for 20 years now because my mother was scared that our house gets burned down because a retarded muslimic child got reprimanded for doing shit and told his cousins about the evil teacher . 
  90 % + muslims in the school , on ramadan they all just stay at home illegaly but nobody gives a fuck . 
  and honor of the family and the sister is everything . 
  and i live in duisburg and was in marxloh and hochfeld here too .
