  this convention is only for people that fleed before the 01.01.1951 . 
  it does n't say shit about people after that . 
   you do n't stop being a refugee because you 're in a safe country . 
  yes you do . 
  if you are in a safe country with a roof over your head and food you are safe . 
  if you travel further for better social benefits you are an illegal economical immigrant , nothing more . 
  you have no right for a better life just because you think so . 
   use the actual refugees themselves for work . 
  pay them a wage you need b2/c1 language level to work here in germany . 
  not going to happen . 
  most people have no education or job qualification that is valid in europe/germany . 
  you have the same skills as pupils and the job market has nothing to offer for those . 
   whatever money they get from the government is barely enough to survive on a month to month basis well , that 's what asyl support is for , a shelter + food . 
   it seems a bit unfair to tell people they have no right to complain about their condition when they have less than the average citizen . 
  no it is not unfair . 
  they are economical immigrants when they travel further after reaching the first safe state , they travel further for better financial benefits , not safety . 
  illegal economic immigrants with all the border crossing and not registering in the first safe state . 
  you get somewhere to sleep and food , if you are accepted as `` asyl '' seekers you get education too - but do n't expect anything else because we citizens pay for all this shit and no , you do n't get anymore than that . 
  someone knows where i can buy tshirts with the cartoons ? 
  selfprinting is tedious because i have to edit the image to make it ready for the print . 
  exactly this . 
  no registration , no fingerprints , no controls , no police , nothing . 
  you can just walk over . 
  women / children often sell themselves for sex . 
  others work for several months to pay the smugglers and others may have the money if they sell everything they own , even in germany you are n't rich with 5000 $ on the bank . 
  `` closed '' . 
  you can walk from austria over to germany via the green border with no controls . 
  in 20 years it 's mohammed all around . 
  drugs are luxury , that includes coffee . 
   many of these migrants currently flooding in are syrian urban middle class . 
  `` many '' = only 20 % are from syria and from this numbers 30 % have no education-4 . 
  class and 40 % have no education till 10-13 . class + 15-20 % illiterate . 
   you do n't get to 40 % + of the votes without having also plenty of young voters . 
  i doubt that , we do n't have many young voters . 
   there is a system that prevents the president from being in office for more than 10 years tho the president has no power and is only there to shake hands and smile . 
  also he ca n't be reelected direclty after his reign , but he can be reelected after someone else took the job . 
   ... i \u00b4 ll take an 0,4 ml only for tonight . 
  yes this is nazi , how may i invade you today ? 
   shakes danish fist drunkenly and this , son , is the story how i lost 80 $ for 3 beers . 
  nobody postest this ? 
   let 's just hope the regent ( sigmar gabriel ) does n't fuck up the country too much . 
  \u2501 \u2564 \u30c7 \u2566 ( \u2580 \u033f\u033f\u0139\u032f\u033f\u033f \u2580 \u033f \u033f ), 
  the us financed the iraq government , to stop a corrupt president you only need to cut off the money until things change . 
  cyka, 
  like stopping funding the government when it is corrupt ? 
  billions of us dollars got lost that would have been invested in the future of the country instead . 
  but mooooom !!, 
  no i do n't think they should do it again but they did n't do anything against the corrupt iraq government for years . 
  it 's not like they did n't have puppet governments installed in states in the past ... 
  it 's more my feeling and my friends / environment and the news that the happy clapping ( wtf where they applauding for ? ), 
  is over . 
  then we have gabriel , the spineless socialist on the throne . 
  2 hitmans are too expensive for me :( . 
  you only flee once . 
  they supported the taliban to fight against the russians in the 90s . 
  money , weapons , training . 
  surprisingly , they keeped the weapons and the money after that ... 
  guess who has the power and no interest in such law \u0ca5_\u0ca5 . 
  nope ... 
  they wo n't find work anywhere either , most have no education or qualification for any job . 
  but it 's better to be unemployed in the sun than in the rain . 
  fear germekka and our muslim army . 
   you get this for electing and supporting that hag luckily this problem will be solved in 10 years when all the old suckers voting for cdu die . 
  until then cunt dictatorship . 
  * yofo, 
  when they notice how shitty the german weather is you 're next spain ( \u0361\u1d54 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
  and that , son , is how you double fist . 
  13:20 seems a bit late . 
  i do n't get the joke ? 
  ( elementary ) or 10 . class , 16 % have high school graduation . 
  makes 75 % without any job qualification + 20 % analphabets . 
   can you imagine how that would look to the welcome refugees crowd ? 
  this crowd is gone . 
  ca n't wait to wear my danish caricaturist tshirt around here with mohammed bombhead . 
  we would n't invade a whole state for it or lie to the congress about proof that the iraq did it . 
  you had a totally corrupt president in iraq for years now and nobody in the us gave a fuck . 
  you did n't gave them a chance , you had a pact with a corrupt regime like before . 
  in afghanistan you destroyed the opium fields without giving the people something else , if you make 1k $ per month with opium and some us asshole comes along and burns your fields ... do you think `` drugs are bad , understood '' or do you think `` fuck it , taliban it is '' ? 
  they can work . 
   that they need workforce refugee numbers for germany : 20 % ca n't read/write , 70 % have no qualification for the job market and will be the new lower social class for the next 20-30 years . 
  government said 80 % will stay unemployed . 
  well you supported the taliban , you invaded afghanistan and the irak and you started all that shit . 
  thanks for the link . 
  only 20 % of the economic immigrants ( if you reach germany you already crossed several safe states and you are no longer a refugee ) are from syria . 
  they ca n't do much without education and b2/c1 level , they will be stuck with unemployment for the next years and are the new social lower class , government says 80 % will stay unemployed because no education + no language , 20 % ca n't read and write and 30 % have education to 4 . class , another 40 % till 10-13 . class = nothing for the job market . 
   they do n't count people who are in some sort of jobcenter program as unemployed yep , that 's the trick . 
  also `` weiterbildungskurse '' for 1 year and if they finish you get a new one . 
  you live of unemployment benefits but the statistic does n't count you as one . 
  we have a much higher unemployment rate as the official numbers tells us . 
  the opinion of one has the same value as the opinion of many * 2 . 
  the islam does n't come from nowhere , it was also invented like hitlers ideas and people joined because they liked it or were forced into it later ( convert to islam or death says the quran ) . 
  and you had people born into it on both sides * 3 . 
  the islam has religious supremacy as his basic teaching and genocide in his history , mohammed was leading 100 wars in his last 10 years , 1.2 wars every month for 10 years . 
   something that serves no purpose other than annyoing people . 
  with your arguments you could n't wear a crossed swastika ( only purpose is a political statement ) against nazis because it would offend them . 
  no religion has any right to not be offended . 
  free speech , freedom of art . 
  it 's the same as having a picture of a dead santa claus or the easter bunny on your shirt . 
  i thought he is building it because he is a racist and hates the islam ? 
  nothing wrong with the latter though .
