  getting rid of unwanted refugees is an illusion in germany ... 
  70 % of refugees in bavaria ended their apprenticeship because they wanted to earn money directly ( for sending it home ) instead of waiting 3 years . 
  he 's right . 
  and you need a 3 year apprencticeship for those jobs or a university degree that is accepted in germany . 
  which they do n't have . 
  they are no refugees if they enter a safe country or enter via an eu state . 
  there are by law no refugees in germany . 
  only a minority is syrian 2 . 
  graduation from syria is worth mostly nothing, 
  same shit here in germany . 
  but they are entitled to sozialhilfe which is basically the same money ... 
  the bible says no to gays , you ca n't be christian and gay . 
  that 's like a jewish nazi . 
  i have the image of a fapping erdogan in mind but yeah ... facist religious regimes are bad . 
  you ca n't be gay and a muslim . 
  quran says no . 
  you ca n't be gay and a christian . 
  bible says no . 
  was n't being gay and needing to prove it via pictures/videos to the state the only way to escape military in turkey ? 
  in germany yes , in other countries no idea . 
  that 's part of the problem , yes . 
   yes , 4.5-6 .3 % depending on who you ask lol , more like 10 % without all the statistic tricks . 
  they even want to remove the unemployed refugees from the statistic ... our official numbers are faked like shit . 
   how many people of german descent with university degrees will work those jobs that do n't need degrees ? 
  probably none . 
  next question : how many people of german descent with an apprenticeship will work those jobs that do n't need a degree ? 
  a few biggest question : how many jobs that do n't need any degree are there on the market ? 
   so to sell reibekuchen on the street , i need 5 years of schooling ? 
  that 's not working as a cook or working in a kitchen . 
  for the mentioned jobs you do n't need any degree but there are n't many jobs like that , we have a fucking high unemployment rate in germany . 
  being a cook or craftsman takes 3 years of apprenticeship in germany . 
  you ca n't just go and work as a cook , safety and hygienic rules etc. 
  same goes for cutting hair and nearly every other job . 
  and want to open your own shop ? 
  2 more years . 
  here , take those ... . , , , , , , , , , , , , ,, 
  also they buy massive amounts of daesh oil . 
  natural disasters or civil wars are no reasons for asylum . 
  merkel said the same thing . 
  well , we have enough in germany ... 
  in germany , you are `` it '' . 
  turkeys understanding of the syrian border is a very flexible one ... 
   sure , they could have tried tackling the guy you do n't tackle someone with explosives on his body . 
  for every muslim . 
  the quran has to be followed 1:1 . 
   he 's not just a religious leader but also a political leader there is no difference between religion and politics in islam . 
  muslims , christians , jews , the india stuff etc. 
   for some , there is no such thing as hate speech and we must preserve free speech depending on the country there is no 100 % free speech like germany . 
  building stuff is not `` stone on stone '' in germany , you have several layers of everything and have to know what comes when + security instructions in german = b1 level and proven experience . 
  you ca n't just let anybody on a building site without that , if one gets hurt you are in deepest shit , not gon na happen . 
  nope , for that their stuff must be accepted here which is mostly not the case . 
  4 days , 800 $ a reporter told who bought one ( with the picture of his prime minister ) . 
   if you assume that the quran is the direct word of god ( which fundamentalists do ) every muslim thinks that , that 's the base of islam . 
  an angel told mohammed the words of his god , the quran is the direct word of god and can therefor never change by one letter . 
  that 's the problem with the quran ... 
  the number of real syrians is only ~ 20-25 % . 
   i ca n't forbide religion religion is only an idea and you take that values and social culture from this religion with you if you name yourself a member from this religion . 
  of course religion can be banned . 
  middle east bachelor = useless shit in europe ... 
  those people were invited and had jobs . 
  the education from the illegal economic immigrants is 6-7 grade , 15 % illiterate . 
  they can do shit , our ministry of work said 70 % will stay unemployed after 5 years . 
  eu citizens are no refugees . 
  rainbows and sparkles . 
   people seem to miss the fact those migrants are probably running from the same kind of backwards thinking that caused so many deaths last night they may dislike being killed by the is but that does n't mean anything when it 's about muslim values vs. european values . 
  to integrate they need to give up their muslimic values because they are not compatible - welcome parallel society . 
  in germany autumn 2017 : / . 
   and a lot of companies are needing workers their school niveau is 6-7 grade at least , ~ 15 % illiterates . 
  those people can do nothing for the next 10 + years on the job market . 
  everything that is against the declaration of human rights should be banned . 
  do n't know , i have 2 virus infections at the moment and i 'm fucked for 3 weeks now . 
  i have n't eaten more than some bread for days now . 
  but if people land on greek soil they can be send back to turkey ? 
   read the leaflet ** `` do n't take it with an empty stomach '' ** in fat letters . 
  well , i still alive ... but i can bleed out of my ass , nice . 
  maybe walls in the sea . 
  and borders at the turkey side . 
  christianity knows its place in our society after hundreds of years and wars to be able to choose your religion freely . 
  islam never had that phase , they are still stuck in ~ 1400 . 
   ibuprofen can kill your stomach what ? 
  i have to take it at the moment and because i do n't feel hunger most time i take it with an empty stomach : < . 
  also , it 's blazing fast , most times faster than c. 
  especially multi-matrix stuff . 
  and the 7 safe countries i passed , not even a taxi !, 
  with eu citizenship they can live and work everywhere in europe , they are no economic refugees . 
  but her words made a rally out of it - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_omifg1l7xw . 
  then do n't let them into europe . 
  registration and check before the eu border , if you fail you ca n't enter . 
  or do it like spain - arrest them until they remember . 
  the title is a fucking lie . 
  microsoft is building nothing but renting space from the telekom . 
   there will be an underclass of foreigner towns where everyone speaks arabic , few have legitimate work , and the rest are supported by the state like we have it here already . 
   last i saw germany estimated that around 80 % of the immigrant do n't have the necessarily skills to participate in the german labour market ministry of work said 70 % unemployment rate after 5 years . 
   stabilize syria , give them the opportunity to go back we see us in 2025 then . 
  + our infrastructure is pure shit - http://www.focus.de/finanzen/news/118-milliarden-euro-investitionsstau-in-den-staedten-wird-immer-laenger_id_4199018.html, 
   everyone is registered in every country lol ... nope . 
  germany has 300.000 + applications they have n't even started yet . 
  also the german government could n't give out any number about how many refugees and asyl applications are done in germany , the government has no numbers who and how many are coming into our country ... ... ... 
   here we see every other day lol . 
  evidence for every day or i call you a liar .
