at least they can into space . 
  why are you downvoting this guy ? 
  he is right . 
  no matter how stupid they are , they still are humans . 
  shhh !, 
  do n't interrupt the circlejerk !, 
  shit like this is upvoted ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm not really sure why many people from the uk think that isolating themselfes is a great way to have a brighter future . 
  mind explain your thought process for this view ? 
  username checks out, 
   they are free to harass little girls in here finland [ citation needed ], 
  it 's not only a logical question , but a moral one . 
  no , propably not . 
  this cgp grey video explains why : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu, 
  there is a reason why most democracies are representative and not direct . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  personal attacks are the best way to loose credibility . 
  of course we are  about that clay you took at the end of ww2 ... 
  why ? 
  now greeks can save twice as much money evading taxes on sch\u00e4uble day or the government collects twice the taxes !, 
  is n't that a perfect win-win situation for everyone ? 
  prove it . 
  i 've heard it so often , yet no one delivered proof yet . 
  pay denbts . 
  really ? 
  are we at that point already ? 
  til that the democraticly elected leaders of the eu are hitler, 
  because people would rather say `` half of ... '' for 51 % , to get a better view on the number beforhand . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , it 's just giving a wrong impression , because people expect a higher number . 
  it still is a bit misleading , since `` most '' is usually asociated with higher percentages . 
  i think `` the majority of ... '' would 've been a better headline . 
  good luck . 
   oh you mean self-contradicting-mentally-challenged-people there you go , found the reason why people with a different opinion might be downvoting you . 
  please provide a source to your claim . 
  thank you . 
  why ? 
  so you made an new account just to spread your agenda here on / r/europe ? 
  you rather should look at the up and downvotes . 
  about half of the people seem to be at least somewhat concerned with the new rules . 
  just stop it , you have nothing to gain from this discussion . 
  that guy is not going to listen to your arguments . 
  which is exactly why the trade should n't be opened , or am i mistaking something here ? 
  that means you do n't have any sources ? 
  do n't worry , everything is going to be allreich . 
  it feels like some polish people suffer from a victim mentality , thinking that the west wants to opress them , completly ignoring anything positive that came out from the relations to other eu members . 
  it 's that easy ? 
  wow , i wonder why no one thought about that before !, 
  this is satire , right ? 
  please tell me it is . 
  nice proof you got there . 
  that 's a no then ? 
  that 's not how things work over here at all . 
  neither is the army used against protests , nor is it legal to publicly expose anyone for attending such protests . 
  it 's also illegal to fire someone for his political standing . 
  there have been many anti-immigration protests for over 2 years now , without people loosing their jobs or being publicly exposed . 
  seeing that you do n't even know about that , shows how much you know about germany . 
  am german , can confirm . 
  most germans have been quite patient and welcoming , but lately it 's just too much to accept . 
  more and more think that it ca n't go on like that and fear for their personal safety because of the refugees . 
  the nye incident was a turning point and there will be a huge backlash unless somthing changes soon . 
  they defend liberal values ? 
  like freedom of speech ( press ) , freedom of religion ( church ) , a fair trial ( courts ) and democratic institutions , which pegida think all sane people should attack ? 
  this is n't a reasonable response at all . 
  the only thing they managed to create saying this another tool for politicians to brand them as lunatics . 
  and going by that logic , everyone feeling threatened by pegidas anti-democratic attitude should have the right to attack in self-defense against pegidas leadership . 
  [ mayoral candidate stabbed in attack linked to migrants policy . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/17/henriette-reker-german-mayoral-candidate-stabbed ) [ local politicians get death threats for their refugee and anti-far-right policies . 
  ( german ) ] ( http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/bedrohte-buergermeister-fluechtlingsdebatte-loest-droh-welle-in-lokalpolitik-aus_id_5012809.html ) this is n't just hypothetical . 
  there have been attacks , and there are a lot of death threats . 
  some politicians have resigned already , due to fear of their safety . 
  using the nazi card agains actual nazis ? 
  how horrible . 
  maybe they should n't suggest attacking pretty much all democratic institutions if they do n't want to be labled as facist . 
  attacking journalists , courts , churches and parliaments is self defense now ? 
  because i sure feel safer under their rule than under pegidas . 
  does that mean i can pick up a pitchfork and attack pegida leadership in ` self defense ' ? 
  attacking courts , churches , parliaments and journalists is just self defense ? 
  now he joined the church and molests unpopular children to support their self-confidence . 
  source ? 
  talking big is easy when no one points a gun at you . 
  not exactly , it 's about the right to resist an oppressiv/unconstitutional government if nothing else works . 
  the type of resistance is not further specified , though . 
  article 20 paragraph ( 4 ) of the constitution : `` all germans shall have the right to resist any person seeking to abolish this constitutional order , if no other remedy is available . '', 
  [ ^ [ 1 ] ] ( https://www.bundestag.de/blob/284870/ce0d03414872b427e57fccb703634dcd/basic_law-data.pdf ), 
   pulling other nations through dirt is so fun . 
  ha ha . 
  german humor best humor . 
  are you serious ? 
  i like to watch a game with friends , or on public viewing . 
  that 's less of an taking pride in the actions of others thing , than a community/social event for me though . 
  i mean : who watches football just for the sake of seeing his team win and showing his country is the best , instead of just enjoying the company ? 
  loving his country is n't wrong . 
  but if you take pride in the action of others , something sems off to me . 
  back to / pol / with you . 
  this video is the definition of a strawman . 
  yes , better let them breed , then kill of the newborns . 
  or , you know , maybe just force facebook to follow the privacy laws in place ? 
  mighty polish overlords of course . 
  i think / u/jfeldhaus was refering to the right to asylum , not the processing speed .
