  in a way to persuade him . 
  good job !, 
  also the f-35 is said to be superior to the eurofighter . 
  when there were maneuvers in the us between f-35 and the eurofighter , the eurofighter won most of the dogfights . 
  but it was * never * able to even come close enough for a dogfight , as long as the americans did n't let us . 
  as a result , it 's clear the f-35 is the world 's best `` air superiority fighter '' . 
  wo n't hurt to have some of these . 
   what kind of handicapped do you mean ? 
  physical ? 
  no , physically handicapped children have been allowed to regular schools for a longer time . 
  iirc already in the '90s . 
  children in wheel chairs or blind children do n't need any special treatment , other than ramps or special printers , that translate texts into braille . 
  no big deal . 
  but there are no special schools for handicapped children anymore . 
  they all have to go to regular schools now . 
  children with down-syndrome f.i. 
  or high functioning autists . 
  in bayern . 
  to stick the finger to politics in general . 
  2/3 of afd voters in nrw said , they voted afd because they 're dissatisfied with politics, 
  there 's f.i. 
  the green party in the state baden-w\u00fcrtemberg bordering france and switzerland . 
  the greens there are quite conservative and sensible . 
  as a result they 've got most of the votes and govern this state with the cdu being their junior ( ! ), 
  partner in a green-cdu coalition . 
  ( cdu is merkel 's party ) nrw is a totally different story , though . 
  our greens here are far-left in every way . 
  a green mayor from baw\u00fc refered to them as `` ivory-tower idiots '' . 
  some of nrw 's greens fired back at him : `` bigot philistine '' ... plus the green reforms in nrw are idiotic . 
  they forced all handicapped children into regular school classes . 
  it can be benefitial for the handicapped , but it turned out to be a major burden onto the non-handicapped . 
  autobahnen are national level . 
  but the state nrw did only use 60 % of the money the bund had dedicated to nrw 's autobahn . 
  haha , have my upvote for actually being triggered, 
  strong and stable !, 
   we actually had a decent song i 'll fight you irl, 
  neiiiiiiin !, 
  spain beat us !, 
  shit !, 
  our clean run was ruined ... fuck , the dream is over, 
  because people in paris do n't know there 's an actual country outside of its ' ring road . 
   same procedure like last year , miss sophie ? 
   same procedure as every year , james !, 
  so that they get the votes from both major target audiences . 
  gay men and hetero women . 
  noone cares about the music anyway, 
  shit !, 
  france is out of the competition for coming stone dead last . 
  it 's either us or the brits . 
  i decyphered sweden 's recipe to win . 
  send male models !, 
  the audience is mostly gay men or women . 
  score with them . 
  eastern europe and their endless stream of hot girls needs to take a lesson here ... 
  our entry put her asleep , yes, 
  w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk !, 
  solid 0/10 , germany !, 
  even the audience went silent , lol, 
  to protect their citizens from brain damage, 
  thanks for the link . 
  i 'll watch that instead of the esc then . 
  the haka never fails to amaze . 
   quite a large amount of people lease a car from their company instead . 
  this is what i was reffering to . 
  i understood it that way , they have their employer pay the car !? 
  : leasing can be benefitial to avoid taxes . 
  at least here in germany , that 's why company 's car are always leasing cars . 
  so it is : nye-ma-tsch-ku ? 
  edit : how do you say zero , btw ? 
  haha , feel free to do so , man !, 
  just do n't celebrate like it 's 1945 , please i wish , i had any ambitions left for this freak show . 
  my only hope is , we 'll once send the most fucked-up punk band , we can come up with . 
  `` he moved to the usa and said : ` if i make it there , i 'll never come back ' ... and tonight he 's here ! '', 
  slovakian tv - europe 's leader of common sense, 
  essential guide for ze germans on here : [ learning languages with the eurovision ] ( https://scontent-frx5-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/18446790_500842650306912_4118069001828062561_n.jpg?oh=4d82bb035a59d3b6347e45a8d6eff81b&amp;oe=59b54945 ), 
  i expect a tight race between you and us . 
  the last shall be the first !, 
   i say that , we 're worse at football as a country ( scotland ) . 
  i 've always admired scotland 's mentallity and passionate play . 
  also less whining and diving and no disputes with the referee . 
  i love that . 
  scotland always gave us a hard time !, 
   hence why i 'll check out uefa next time . 
  you missed the terrific show of ajax amsterdam in the semi-and quarter-finals . 
  ajax had four of the most dramatic matches you could possibly imagine ... 
  the finale of the europa league will take place 24th may : ajax against manutd . 
  the finale of the champions league is going to be on june 6th . 
  real madrid against juventus torino . 
  it will be held in cardiff , btw . 
  i think rugby people are gon na like the stadium . 
   you guys need to join rugby . 
  get some gothic knights on the field !, 
  agreed !, 
  it 's become a mono-culture of football nowadays . 
  and rugby is the most badass sports on earth . 
  i 'll give it a try . 
  any specific matches , you 'd recommend me ? 
  everybody who has a diploma in business administration and buys a new car , should lose his diploma . 
  agreed, 
  thank you , op !,
