  still , do you not find it odd ? 
  not old enough to enjoy basic rights of citizenship but old enough to be trained to kill on order ? 
  politico tries to capture politics with a voyeuristic and yet dispassionate spectator approach , their main readership is probably angsty west wing and house of cards fans who are far far away from washington or any insight into it . 
  to say that they are n't biased is a bit silly and to say that they are actually investigative is laughable . 
  the main issue here is the chief of police in dortmund . 
  the mayors staff had anticipated that this would happen and had requested that the police be on stand-by . 
  yet , when `` ss-sigi '' borchardt turned up there were no sufficient police forces and the first reinforcement were four female officers . 
  further reinforcements had to be called in from other cities . 
  the result is that one of the new pirate council members and a cameraman got hit with bottles and several others got pepper sprayed . 
  same chief of police who failed to thwart a `` surprise '' attack from 500 or so neo nazis on the previous to last 1st of may demonstration . 
  there will very likely be an inquiry . 
   so you depend on people not voting for them , and in the even they will you hope for the same people that voted them to do an uprising ? 
  well , yes in the end you have to rely on the people to stop fascism . 
  it 's not as if laws ever stopped them ... 
  we were dealing in counter-factuals . 
  so the pact i 'm referencing is as fictional as the rest of * your * scenario and has no semblance to the csdp . 
  yes . 
  the netherlands are crucial for european logistics , so it 's not as if only american interest protected her . 
  secondly , unless the counter-factual is very counter factual indeed , the choice is not between nato and nothing at all , but rather between nato and a european defence pact . 
  shame on me too !, 
  well done sweden , denmark , ireland , greece . 
  yeah , because violating exclusive exclusive zones and escorting ships out are highly symbolic in nature . 
  there will never be a situation in which the royal dutch navy is the only thing standing between the maritime fleet of russia and amsterdam . 
  edit : i accidentally 2 words, 
  `` war is boring '' is a perfect example for why `` embedded journalism '' is * not * journalism . 
  come on now , this was the presidential election . 
  most pro european voters tried to get behind one man to avoid a second ballot . 
  the right-wing parties would arguably be far more present in an parliamentary election . 
  what , refineries are now our soul ? 
  very interesting comment !, 
  i have to notice that germany is one of the rather decentralized countries in europe ( with hamburg , berlin , frankfurt , dusseldorf and munich as gravity centers ) . 
  i wonder what influence that has on my own perception . 
  filters upon filters . 
  mostly young , mostly male , mostly educated people discussing mostly anglophone press products . 
  some histrionic about russia , some about the us , some about austerity , some about nazis , some about commies , some about gypsies , some about muslims . 
  when the elections are over the vast majority will have voted for the center right and center left parties . 
  fringe parties will gain too , and there will be lots of debates about that : some will come to the conclusion that only more europe can solve the problem , some will say we need less europe . 
  everything will continue as scheduled . 
  you seem to have read something into my comment that i dead not mean to imply , namely strong coercive measurements . 
  there are of course many other ways : you for example address undersupply by making unattractive positions more attractive through higher compensation and oversupply can be addressed by increasing qualification requirements . 
  just to name two . 
  there is a middle ground between a planned economy and randian objectivism that many western european countries have navigated successfully for decades . 
   treating people like property is bad on many different aspects . 
  you ca n't be addressing my comment ( because i advocated no such thing ) . 
  i suppose it depends on whether we measure the utilities on a relative or absolute scale . 
  no , it 's not a western ideal . 
  there are certain western nations that restrict the freedom of movement severely . 
  it * is * a european ideal , where it also enshrined in law . 
  but rights are always balanced with responsibilities and the interests of individuals needs to be balanced with the interests of society as a whole . 
  so i do n't think coordinating the supply and demand for certain ( vital ) professions on a european level is illegal or illegitimate . 
  no matter how we cut the cake , it does n't make it larger . 
  we need a unified european immigration policy for highly qualified individuals . 
  we need to prevent * brain waste * ; that is it makes no sense for romanian or bulgarian doctors or engineers to work as waiters in london . 
  that 's a loss for all parties involved . 
  highly qualified emigrants can have a positive influence on the economy of their home country by providing capital and knowledge when ( if ) they return . 
  germany has had some success in repatriating scientists by paying them a grant . 
  we need a european solution . 
  i could think of an exchange programme where , say , a doctor from bulgaria works in the uk for 80 % of the usual salary for 3 years and then returns to bulgaria and continues to get the same salary for another 3 years ( the difference being financed by the wage restraint and the premium richer countries are willing to pay for drs. 
  working in less desirable positions , such as rural gps ) . 
  i agree with you : [ junk macroeconomics ] ( http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2008/03/junk_macroecono_1.html ), 
  but you could be so much more indignant if you go vote and your candidate wins and does n't get the job !, 
  we could even riot a bit ... 
  that sort of study is silly . 
  knowing about or believing in stereotypes about jews does n't make you an antisemite any more than believing stereotypes about the welsh makes you an antiwelshist . 
  i noticed that some ukrainians on this sub like to use `` terrorist '' as well . 
  it essentially replaces anarchist and communist as the boogeyman ; it 's very convenient because it says absolutely nothing about the motivation of forces in question . 
  assad of course calls his opponents terrorists as well . 
  it comes with the added bonus of placing everyone who is identified as a terrorist in the `` enemy combatant '' category , so do n't have to play by the rules in dealing with them . 
  no , i meant a source for the infographic itself . 
  it does n't say where the money goes to , except for the first entry . 
  after some googling it seems to go to a charity organisation called `` serbs for serbs '' , but there is very scant independent information about it on the web . 
  can you give a link to a source , please ? 
  you have to hand it to him , he is good at forging ... alliances . 
  thank you . 
  it 's worth to mention https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_gladio in this context . 
  oh wow , thetrumpet.com , i had forgotten about that one . 
  if you want some fun read the comments under some of the articles , seriously !, 
  perfidious albion is now exporting eurovision hitmen ... 
  yeah , ours gets progressively drunk , it 's hilarious . 
  but look closely , this is the older version from the seventies . 
  well , the problem is that this is an old soviet system , the ukraine employs them too , so they could 've been looted . 
  articles like these justify , in your opinion , that your government spies on me , personally , and does not grant me the slightest sliver of human rights ? 
  actually i glad that people like you post their opinion so openly online , that has to open some eyes . 
  hopefully this becomes clickable when it airs , otherwise i will post an alternative link . 
  ( but do n't expect too much , the zdf only gets 1,8 billion euros p.a. 
  ; it 's difficult to provide a proper streaming service with such a tight budget ) http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek/beitrag/live/1822600/das-zdf-im-livestream#/kanaluebersicht/2081780/thema/europawahl-2014, 
  please consider that people who trespass may be motivated by a variety of reasons , few of them are entirely malicious . 
  with your default-to-violence behaviour you are very likely to kill people who are asking for road directions , need to use your phone to report a medical emergency , warn you about a gas leak in the vicinity , etc. 
  what a wonderful opportunity for prince charles to visit oslo !, 
   berlin and her politicians were prussian , which can be very much argued that they were not of the gothic ethnicity which the germanic people came from . 
  oh well , if we go by ethnicity you southern `` germanophones '' should be part of the ottoman empire ... 
  it 's funny because without napoleon and multilateral european cooperation your state would n't even exist . 
  * germany * [ the 13\u00a01\u20442 lives of captain bluebear ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_13%c2%bd_lives_of_captain_bluebear ) very enjoyable fantasy novel that takes place in an absurd universe that is yet somewhat consistent . 
  now that i 've watched the entire video i am certain that it is : i recognize the gneisenaustr . 
  that was part the route the 1 . of may demo . 
  and as you say , all sorts of folk there . 
  that this one guy comments in russian does n't make it a pro-russia demo . 
  nor that they play the soviet anthem , given the day ... 
  was n't that just the 1 . of may demo ? 
  it 's a bit disingenuous to post this video without contextual information .
