  and of course i am free comment on that criticism . 
   they invade and undermine dictators and brutal tyrants , not liberal democrats allende ? 
  i knew there was an innocent explanation . 
  no i ca n't give you concrete examples , mostly because i 'm to lazy to through old threads now . 
  but it regularly crops up in discussions about economy ( germany evil for austerity ) , military ( germany too stingy ) , interventionism in syria , mali , car ( germany too isolationist ) , energy ( germany still not powered by thorium buttplugs ) and now ( germany fraternizes with russia ) . 
  i would simply like to offer another german perspective , perhaps one that is more centrist than usual . 
  i know what you 're talking about . 
  but that 's not limited to the left or liberals - lets keep in mind that per definition 50 % of any population have an iq below 100 . 
  there simply is n't much room for a differentiated worldview . 
  no matter where they fall on the political spectrum a black/white narrative is always easier to navigate . 
  yep , because that 's why i re-registered - to break the circlejerk ( of what i perceive as an anti-russian circlejerk mixed with latent germanophobia ) 2 . 
  i used the captcha for my nick . 
  realized that all characters are also elements of the cyrillic script . 
  * you * are n't allowed to complain about unoriginal usernames . 
  well english is not my mother tongue , simple as that . 
  with the similar set of squishy lots-of-false-positives-to-be-expected rules i could accuse people like / u/globalbeat _ minnesota of being western astroturfers . 
  why are people who support russia misguided ? 
  please consider that two rational people - given uncertain information - can come to different conclusions . 
  no malice or idiocy or indoctrination required . 
  very good article , although i do not agree with its arguments , it does more to explain the prevailing position on the matter in germany than accusations of a huge conspiracy to astroturf all media does . 
  i think in germany policy makers ( not necessarily front facing politicians ) know that borders are an illusion , doubly so when they are in europe . 
  there is nothing that makes the current configuration sacrosanct , it is not more or less legitimate than any configuration before or after it was or will be . 
  after ww2 and again after the cold war ended europe was set up to the liking of the uk and the usa . 
  that made some people very happy , especially the new europe , but of course others liked it less . 
  particularly in the anglophone world the end of history was ushered in ; the world would remain as is with only a few minor touch-ups ( kosovo ) and in ever increasing prosperity . 
  that was of course wrong , but it is reflected in the current debate , for many putin 's actions are not just illegal , they are morally abhorrent . 
  like when kerry accused russia of using 19th century tactics , the subtext being `` i thought we were past that ? '' . 
  well we are n't . 
  only because you like the state of the game at a particular time you ca n't just call it quits and expect everyone to stop playing . 
  germany has not stopped playing . 
  of course germany does n't have to invade poland to increase it 's influence , it has the eu . 
  the eu is very much a form of franco-german imperialism ( of course a completely different style from russia 's imperialism , it 's almost inverse imperialism ) and has been playing fast and loose in eastern europe . 
  a clash with russia in terms of spheres of influence was inevitable in hindsight . 
  of course having 95 % of the ukraine is n't bad either , just not as good as 100 % . 
  you win some you lose some . 
  i know it sounds mean to talk like the ukrainians have no say in the matter , but the truth is the ukraine is not strong enough to be independent from russia and europe given its location . 
  edit : spelling . 
  [ thank you ecj !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c3l3k.jpg ) i guess we 'll have to wait a bit for a more detailed analysis , it 's not clear yet if this only kills the eu directive or all nation-level ambitions at data retention as well . 
  either way , great day for privacy in eu . 
  there are two types of federalists in this matter , those who would prefer for things to happen quickly and those who would like slow but more complete integration . 
  i 'd count myself to the first group , but i think a too loud `` britain out ! '', 
  might cause the rosbifs to stay in just to spite us ... 
  what i find most disturbing is how the crimea crisis has created an us-vs-them vibe on this sub and in europe , and how anyone who has a differentiated opinion is one of those putin apologists . 
  as a general reminder : up - and downvotes are not there to express whether you agree or disagree with a post , but rather to determine if that post contributes to the discussion . 
  that being said , the article highlights many reasons why germans have different view about crimea , realpolitik being the most influential one for policy outcomes . 
  by the way , ignore alice schwarzer . 
  always . 
  i call him because elder statesman is the proper term for any former chancellor of germany . 
  the esteemed bit was more about schmidt , then again , he had more time than schroeder . 
  by the way , that does not imply that i agree with schroeder in all matters , far from it . 
  as a general piece of advise from daniel dennett : it 's important to really understand the position of someone you do n't agree with , otherwise you spend all your time arguing against a straw man and you will certainly not be able to change their mind . 
  calling schroeder and schmidt `` corrupt '' and `` senile '' respectively , is firstly probably incorrect , secondly , even if they were true , the merit of their argument does not depend on their character , and thirdly it is intellectually lazy because you do n't spend any effort to understand their point of view . 
   it 's disgusting , is n't it ? 
  two former prime ministers have already spoken out in support of putin . 
  schroeder , i 'm not surprised as he 's been putins bitch for ages but schmidt has apparently gone totally senile or he 's just been a crypto-soviet after all . 
  of course , if two esteemed elder statesmen do n't share your opinion on foreign policy , it must be because of their personal shortcomings ... 
  `` everyone who does not share my worldview must be either corrupt , senile , gullible or a turncoat ! '', 
  well , i 'm not a left-winger or right-winger , but i would agree with this : i think in the long term america 's influence over europe is more detrimental than russia 's influence . 
  quite simply because the power ranking is america  europe  russia and america needs to control europe in order to keep it 's own place in the world while russia has multiple strategical options , including cooperation with europe . 
  let 's all try to exceed our quota today !, 
  on www warisboring com his email is in the footer as a contact address . 
  ( i assume that means he has editorial responsibility ), 
  so this war is boring blog is apparently written by a certain [ david axe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_axe ) , american `` military correspondent '' . 
  make of that what you will . 
  anglophones being perfidious , nothing new on that front ^ ^ / s but all joking aside , it 's not really surprising that foreign intelligence agencies target isps , nor that they target key figures ; what really surprises me is the naivety of german politicians - they must have really thought that they would not be spied upon by the 5 eyes , their indifference about them spying on the german population and their outrage when they discovered that they were also victims gave that much away - so i 'm left to wonder what the rationale , if there is any , because so far i 've only been able to come up with kitchen psychology tier explanations , of the ruling elite in germany is ; what could have persuaded them to believe that america and britain were not mere allies but truly friends ? 
  woah , where did that come from ? 
  / r/privacy may simply be us-centric because largest faction of redditors are american . 
  so naturally discussion about the legislation in other countries falls a bit short . 
  so please leave your antigerman rants somewhere else . 
  also taenk does not in any way claim to represent all of germany . 
  he 's just voicing his personal opinion . 
  one of the properties of renewable energy is that it is extremely volatile . 
  some days it 's gon na cover 120 % of the electricity needs some days only 10 % . 
  nuclear power plants are very good at providing electricity at a steady rate , a base load , but they ca n't respond dynamically enough to fill the gap when the sun do n't shine . 
  coal is easier to turn on and off , gas is even better . 
  uncomfortable to know that german troops are stationed in a country that is actively contemplating a false flag attack . 
  particularly because it would be rather difficult to convince germany to participate in a war against syria ... unless german solders were to die in an unprovoked attack from `` syria '' . 
  but you 're essentially paraphrasing my second sentence . 
  except i derive from this story a differentiated picture of religious tensions that break out now and are fuel by the russian occupation but also involve local elements , while you see it as a validation of your worldview that russkies = bad ukrainians = good . 
  man i wish i were paid to post on reddit all day , so if someone is hiring , i will disseminate any disinfo you wish !, 
  but until then i will just post my opinions , which may be different from yours , but that does n't invalidate them . 
  and bots are n't that advanced really . 
  / u/arkona is an example for an anti-american markov chain generator, 
  that was the joke . 
  yeah , yeah , any policy that is n't outright brinkmanship is appeasement ... 
  [ here is an english version ] ( http://www.npr.org/2014/03/22/292401424/a-tatars-death-chills-those-who-suffered-under-russia-before ) consider the last two paragraphs : it appears that the tatar community believes it was your own lovely fascist scum who did it , seeing the occupation as an opportunity . 
  it appears you suffer from a case of neoconism with all the talk about moral relativity and your polarized worldview . 
  there are no good guys . 
  oh sorry , i must have misinterpreted :  those who defend putin and say that he 's right and the usual bandera , nazi stuff i thought you were talking about the germans not the protestors ( and most of them are certainly not nazis ) . 
  i do n't * support * putin and i do n't support discrimination of any sort . 
  but i do see him as a rational actor who is very good at achieving his goals . 
  and i do n't paint him as some absurd caricature of villainy . 
  so according to the article the 54 % who `` defend putin '' are all nazis , eh ? 
  perhaps it would be better to think of them not so much as putin supporters but opponents to merkel 's foreign policy ( because you know , russians are people too and germans are doing good business with them , and why should they care if some far far peninsula is governed by this or that oligarchical mob ) . 
  edit : misunderstanding about germans being nazis . 
  i 'll let the comment stand to differentiate between putin supporters and merkel critics none the less . 
  yeah , that was terrible when the russians stormed ukrainian hospitals and took the babies from the incubators to throw them on the floor . 
  what 's ironic about that ? 
  you can be jewish and still recognize bobby fischer as a great chess player .
