  after the word gets out , very few will be dumb enough to risk their and their children 's lives like that . 
  the crisis will subside soon due to the incoming colder months , methinks ... but will start all over again in the spring , if we 're not ready and unified in our stances . 
  who are you calling worst ? 
  * ^ ^ proceeds ^ ^ to ^ ^ shoot ^ ^ greek ^ ^ archduke ^ ^ in ^ ^ the ^ ^ face ... *, 
   sikh i hope he 's well now . 
  ahahahah ^ ahaha ^ hahaha ^ haha oh god , do i suck ... 
  what about bosnian muslims ? 
  most of them are pretty secular . 
   many of the refugees entering europe will become part of its growing precarious workforce or they will reject working in modern sweatshops and simply live off welfare , until that , too , dries out . 
  i agree with most of what he says , but i 'm tired of europe being blamed for today 's failure of the middle east and africa . 
  in serbia , it 's ever so popular to throw the blame for any of our failures towards the eu , us , etc. , and i think that 's pathetic . 
  sure , there is a point where the us and certain european countries profited off of the misery of certain parts of the world , but how much are they to blame today ? 
  when will it stop ? 
  when will certain countries and regions take responsibility for their successes and failures ? 
  sure , but while border control is there , eu citizens still have a right to live and work in the uk . 
   hajdukovo hajdukovo in the news ? 
  daaayum , never thought it would come to this . 
  here 's hajdukovo , btw : https://www.google.rs/maps/place/hajdukovo/@46.0957508,19.8467131,13.8z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x47449dee1ba9884f:0xa178c0f65cecfa77?hl=en it 's very , very close to the border . 
  they broke a neighbor 's fence in order to have a 30 second shortcut to their house . 
  the neighbor kindly asked them not to do it , to which they responded with threats of violence . 
  it was standard to have your shed broken into and raided . 
  yes , they are happy . 
  the coming winter will decrease the amount of refugees , giving more time for european countries to get their shit together and prepare for the spring wave of 2016 . 
  hungary and bulgaria will do their best to fence themselves off . 
  right wing parties will be belly-laughing through this whole ordeal , while getting more votes . 
  the schengen agreement will be in danger , but will endure . 
  anyone who is n't syrian will claim to be syrian and will try their best to get fake syrian documentation in their possession , because syrians have the best chances of getting their asylum application granted . 
  rich middle east countries will fail to give a shit . 
  eventually , there will be an intervention in syria in some form , and europe will get much more strict with their border and asylum laws , thus ending this whole ordeal . 
  see what australia did . 
  while they wait for their application to be processed , they receive quite a bit of money . 
  at least that 's how it used to be until germany got pissed off and introduced express refusal for asylum seekers from `` safe states '' like serbia . 
  until the news gets out , there will still be some asylum seekers , but eventually they will quit and move on to other forms of dickery . 
  no serbs , croats , hungarians or anybody else has asked for asylum in my vicinity . 
  one idiot hungarian did ask for asylum in canada and got rejected , obviously . 
  however , `` romani houses '' ( aka , old houses given to them to live in by the state ) are now almost empty because they left for germany , their neighbors say . 
  i live in a small town ... these things are well known here . 
  migrants come to our country , get caught , seek asylum ... while the government prepares their asylum documentation , they run off and try to scurry off across the border , even though we 're doing everything we can to help them , even though they 're muslim . 
  meanwhile , hungary is building a fence . 
  serbian nationals have to endure long border lines , they ca n't live and work in the eu , and get to watch thousands of migrants casually waltzing across the border like it 's nobody 's business . 
  it 's not fun , and honestly , i 'm having less and less compassion for these people every single day . 
  just today they threw food and water they received at the hungarian police . 
  send them the fuck back . 
  no asylum , no cash allowance , no nothing . 
  fuck them , they 're abusing the asylum process and are putting us all at risk . 
  there will be muslim ghettos , but they will be created by themselves . 
  how will this work ? 
  all they 're yelling right now is `` germany !, 
  germany !, 
  '' , how on earth will they accept being distributed across multiple eu countries ? 
   because they are rushing in by the thousands every day over the 175 km long border with serbia . 
  i 'm sorry for that . 
  they come in through bulgaria and macedonia , and if they get caught they insist they are asylum seekers . 
  while their asylum papers are being prepared , they are ordered to wait , but they simply leave any town they 're in currently and rush towards subotica ( szabadka ) or kanjiza ( magyarkanizsa ) , or horgos , or wherever , and then jump over to hungary . 
  i 've seen them numerous times , they seek out patrol officers and watch them move on to another area , and then take their chance . 
  i had no issues with them , neither does anyone else here , but nowadays things are starting to change . 
  we now have a fence with hungary , the schengen agreement is on the line ... we 're really pissed about that . 
  and now that they come into hungary , they start getting aggressive , they refuse to seek asylum in hungary , even though getting hungarian citizenship means getting eu citizenship !, 
  like , holy fuck , they can get the chance to live and work inside the eu , and yet all they want is to land in germany !? 
  why ? 
  for the benefits or what ? 
  stupid and disgusting . 
  it 's pretty much the same , i agree . 
  i 've been researching h1bs for a while and have facepalmed multiple times . 
  it 's really a bad deal . 
  it 's great in a chicken stirfry . 
  try it . 
  we can call it aeu - `` almost eu '' . 
  two words : veto power . 
  which is why serbia is so much up the ass of russia and china . 
  population wise , it 's less than half ... but who gives a fuck ... 
  threatening to relinquish serbia 's visa-free travel status due to the massive amount of asylum seekers is going to cause even more antiziganism . 
  get your arse out of your cold war mentality , and stop swinging `` eu membership '' like some pathetic carrot on a stick . 
  eu membership is a mutual process of peace and cooperation , not a secret club . 
   that 's just pathetic , self-defeating schadenfreude . 
  well , yes , yes it is . 
   acquitted of all charges ...  in 2006 , he was sentenced to two years ' imprisonment by the trial chamber of the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( icty ) in the netherlands for failing to prevent the deaths of five and the mistreatment of eleven bosnian serb detainees during the period from late 1992 to early 1993 on the basis of superior criminal responsibility . 
  ...  naser ori\u0107 was arrested on 3 october 2008 by bosnian police . 
  he was charged in november 2008 with extorting 240,000 bosnian marks ( $ 157,000 ) and illegal possession of weapons and ammunition an extortionist and a weapons smuggler . 
  overall cool guy . 
  ( info from wikipedia ), 
  you do have to realize that in response to your accusations of destabilization , many serbs would compare kosovo to crimea , double standards , etc. 
  i do n't support military drills like this ( it it 's a military drill at all ) , but do keep in mind it 's kinda you who did this . 
  serbia is kissing russia 's ass for that sweet , sweet veto power regarding kosovo . 
  it 's disgusting , but that 's on you . 
   no picture of slavonian kulen bitch , why even bother !, 
  if you were in eu 's shoes , would you accept turkey amongst your ranks ? 
  be fair now ... 
   their strange affinity for pork \\* * heavy breathing * \\*, 
  i 'm sure they pay their fair share of taxes . 
  lol yes in my experience , slavonia and vojvodina are pretty much the same thing . 
  he got a grand total of , like , 2-3 % in the parliamentary elections in serbia ... 
   coming from a pakistani immigrant background i 'm curious why you are so nervous ? 
  is pakistan in a state of war ? 
  then why the fuck is anyone expecting to basically walk in to my country without any background checks , based on the fact that he or she 's an economic migrant ? 
  i ca n't immigrate to e.g. 
  canada without following the proper procedures , which are damn near impossible , and i accept that . 
  why ca n't others do the same ? 
  this has nothing to do with the pakistani people outright ... and you know why i 'm also nervous ? 
  these people could ask for asylum in serbia and get it !,
