  and yet nobody has the balls to come out and say it . 
  if they did , eu support would massively drop . 
  \\  not multi-track drifting with summer tires on ice you have n't experienced life , my man !, 
   public displays of affection itt no issues , but do it a bit covertly and keep it to a minimum if you can . 
  standing in the middle of the street grabbing your gf 's ass and slobbering for half an hour is not something most people approve , because at that point you 're mostly just showing off . 
  serbia here . 
  we make sure to differentiate the irish from the uk . 
  in fact , we have our own rock group called `` orthodox celts '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orthodox_celts https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=het2xdn_tbq https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_e7qbwc5mi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oss0lqs9jv8, 
  there is a simple way to determine that ... waltz into any bar in serbia , bosnia or croatia and proclaim `` jebem vam svima mater '' . 
  the reactions will be the same , and your teeth will be no more . 
  it did n't really end there . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you , uk ? 
  fucking nazis actually do hate crimes , they do n't train their pugs to do shitty joke videos !, 
  i ca n't believe anyone would waste police and law resources to arrest someone over such a stupid video !, 
   insignificant nations i completely agree with this . 
  nobody wants to admit it , but on their own , all eu nations are heavily insignificant . 
  uh-huh . 
  sure . 
  what happens when sweden wants to take in plenty of refugees and norway and finland do n't ? 
  a ) it 's fucking huge - most wallets ca n't even house it . 
  b ) where the hell can i even spend one ? 
  c ) it has more value than the average wage in my country what is actually the point of it ? 
  ahh , the danube ... so many stories it can tell ... 
   if uber suddenly went all good guy and started following laws and stuff , they 'd be a taxi company with an app . 
  well ... they 're almost just that . 
  i 'm in serbia . 
  we do n't even have uber . 
  i hate taxis . 
  i hate them with a passion . 
  not once have i had a good experience with them , and paying them has always been a hassle . 
  in the year 2017 , the worst gps device can replace most map knowledge which taxi drivers have . 
  uber solves all current issues i have with shitty taxis , but the playing field needs to be leveled , meaning : - proper work benefits for drivers , none of this ultralibertarian `` work when you want , but you 're never employed '' bullshit - uber paying their fair share of taxes - no more unnecessary and expensive tests and certifications for classic taxi drivers - working with insurance companies in an adequate manner to insure everyone , including anonymous passengers technology and convenience wise , uber is fucking great . 
  you get to pick where you want to go with complete trust that you 'll get there . 
  you can pay without having the local currency in your pocket ( okay , it 's mostly eur anyway , but you know ... ) . 
  chances of you being driven around in circles are slim . 
  you do n't have to know the language to tell the driver where to take you . 
  uber could have adapted to the market and worked with european governments , but they were stubborn and instead just fucked things up . 
  now ... in the year 2017 , why do we have to pick between aggressive , rowdy , annoying and violent taxi drivers and a manipulative tax dodger like uber ? 
  we all know the current hungarian government is somewhat insane in the membrane , but using yandex is not proof of any form of a russian conspiracy . 
  in fact , there is no conspiracy at all . 
  russia is itself anti eu/nato , and just how the us funds various groups around the world to better their interests , so does russia . 
  get used to it , react accordingly . 
  the soviet union has tried to influence the us by sparking various ethnic and racial tensions , and has controlled half of europe for almost half a century . 
  what makes you think they want to leave everything to chance ? 
  correct . 
  which is why the eu is n't the main culprit of brain drain . 
  serbia is n't in the eu ... brain drain still at an all time high . 
  some buses are a gift from japan . 
  the trams were purchased , i believe , and they 're caf urbos 3 . 
  [ belgrade . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pvxz5bu.jpg ) [ subotica , my home town , back when we had them . 
  [ `` getting too old for this shit '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mcmpqfi.jpg ), 
  just a normal cherry , most of the time . 
   you ca n't blame the eu for everything . 
  i 'm not blaming the eu for our shit , but i 'm calling the eu out on it . 
  the eu knows vucic is a dirtbag , and they refuse to call him out on it , all because of a little stability in the balkans . 
  same shit like with milosevic . 
  not a e s t h e t i c. . . 
  here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2od5dcqvwxs, 
  after 1988 when shit started getting sour , mostly from 1990 to 2000 , the only way to do business was to embrace corruption . 
  you need a telephone line ? 
  pay the fee , and then pay another `` fee '' to the person in the back . 
  police stop - your first aid kid has expired by one month ... pay a fee or pay a `` fee '' to the policeman straight away ? 
  financial/sanitary inspectors arrive in your place of business , and they would say something like `` either pay now , or we 'll start searching and * we 're pretty sure we 'll find something * '' . 
  wound up in the hospital ? 
  you pay to get in front of the line for treatment . 
  essentially , the 80s started seeing tons of corruption , but the 90s fucked up the populace so much that they have embraced corruption as the means of how a proper government should function . 
  but why would a policeman , a postal worker or basically any other government worker turn corrupt ? 
  simple : their salary was so pitiful , that even the hardest nuts to crack were , well , cracked . 
  especially in 1993 , when your average policeman salary was the equivalent of a few euros , due to massive hyperinflation . 
  things are much better now , but we still have remnants of such a system in place which need to be torn apart . 
   this is probably a dumb question , but how `` legal '' is this ? 
  perfectly legal . 
  your tv station does independent journalism , possibly satire ? 
  guess what , suddenly your advertisers and sponsors shy away because they know they 'll either lose their company subsidies , or their companies will be `` randomly audited '' by the authorities . 
  from a business perspective , it 's perfectly reasonable to avoid any trouble . 
  le epic trol, 
  apparently , they visited grdelica for the commemoration , where a train was bombed when it was crossing a bridge . 
  here 's how that looked : first strike : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gii2qdjylwk second strike : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4s09ddbdb4, 
  at this point he 's just a laughing stock . 
  when he dies , his party will die with him , thus ending one shitty era . 
  phew ... for a moment there , i thought we had a north korean embassy in serbia . 
  only the ones carefully selected to be come foreign diplomats . 
  which war zone would that be ? 
  yes , but it 's not as easy as it was a year or two ago . 
  to the time where china was n't a superpower , japan was producing shitty/cheap electronics , and where eastern europe was behind the iron curtain . 
  `` perish '' for 500 : `` this continent has been divided by hard nationalism so many times , it 's no longer able to compete with the rest of the developed world '', 
  the limitations of mspaint are far too great , even for the might of the eu . 
  `` exempt farmers from eu pesticide regulations '' - yes please , more plastic-tasting poisoned food for me , hurrrr !!, 
  the one for health and human services is actually a pretty good balance between that eagle tradition and modern design . 
  til : the `` serbian national party '' exists . 
  oh right , almost forgot about that one ... so , how 's life in the third reich nowadays ? 
  but he self identified as yugoslav , so ... 
  most of us already know english ( mandatory in schools ) , but many have families in austria or germany from the yugoslav era who are ready to help them immigrate and find work - hence , german is the most popular language on duolingo for us . 
  and here i am struggling with french ... ugh ... 
   while the fsk needs to become a proper army you . 
  do n't . 
  need . 
  want more of your tax money to go to a bunch of cousins and bros in military uniforms doing fuck-all ? 
  then sure , go right ahead .
