  we had to run around with canisters to public water pumps so we could cook , wash , drink , and flush our crap down . 
  there was no gas . 
  people who had cars did not drive them , but they held on to 2l coca cola bottles of gas in their homes , in case of an emergency . 
  emergency services did not work very well during those times , and if someone got sick , the only solution was to grab that 2l bottle and dunk it into the car 's tank and drive like hell . 
  hospitals used whatever fuel they had to run generators so people on life support and babies in incubators would n't , well , die . 
  my neighbor was riding his tomos low powered motorcycle home one night ( the only thing you could actually ride due to it 's fuel economy ) , but the power was out for days , so there were no lighs , no street lights , no anything . 
  unfortunately for him , an unlit horse-drawn carriage was clopping along the road with some pipes and whatnot in the back ... he slammed into it at full force , messed up his spine and pierced his lung . 
  he was in the hospital on life support , and the power outages were very frequent . 
  he somehow lived , but it was a close call . 
  while kids were not allowed to go to school , it was a requirement and a duty for every working adult to show up for work . 
  this was hard to do , as there was no gas , no electricity , etc. 
  all borders were closed shut . 
  no one was to enter , no one was to leave . 
  my grandfather died in neighboring croatia when his tractor slipped in rainy conditions and wound up in a ditch . 
  my father was n't able to attend his funeral ( a man of fighting age , what do you think ? 
  ) , but my mother did . 
  she went to the border guards , asked if she could pass ... the serbian border guards were courteous and let her through and wished her good luck , while the croatian border guards were confused that someone actually showed up at the border at all !, 
  they would n't let her through at first , but after she presented the death certificate of her deceased father ( which was faxed to her ) , she got through . 
  croatians , hungarians , serbs live in my home city of subotica . 
  they were all drafted to fight against nato . 
  if you think nato was only `` fighting serbs '' , you 're gravely mistaken . 
  so , there you go . 
  propaganda , no electricity , no water , bombs , corruption , a collapse of society . 
  i could go on , but there are those with much gruesome stories than mine . 
  i got bombed in serbia , my cousins in croatia got shelled during the wars in croatia , my other cousins in bosnia got shot at by snipers . 
  fun . 
  fuck this region . 
   what would be easier and faster ? 
  errr ... 
  in that case , they should have bombed kosovo . 
  i see no reason why the rest of serbia should have suffered . 
  we were under a dictatorship , and our dictator has sent out paramilitary formations to kosovo to do his dirty deeds . 
  a very scary time to be a kid . 
  at least i 've learned how easily can shit hit the fan . 
   kosovo 's is n't too bad . 
  you kidding ? 
  it 's the same as with cyprus . 
  who the hell puts borders on a flag ? 
  it also has the same style as bosnia and herzegovina - lukewarm `` neutral '' design by a 3rd party . 
  the union jack is a very nice amalgamation of england 's and scotland 's flag . 
  sour grapes here . 
   it seems to no mainline british politician has ever said that britain should , would or could return to being a global superpower . 
  they did n't outright say it , because the idea would be struck down from the get go . 
  however , they are appealing to the `` old days '' and are romanticizing brexit as a return to the ol' britain . 
   i 'd be very curious to see where he 's said he wants to tell bmw/mercedes to go shove it . 
  there was a debate at oxford , farage was complaining that the eu is * using * the uk , since london is filled with mercs and bmws . 
  apparently , the eu is benefiting more from the uk , than the uk is benefiting from the eu . 
   mr clarkson also warned that britain would be left with `` little influence '' if we voted to leave in the june 23 referendum . 
  i 'm not much of an analyst , but i agree with him here . 
  i 've listened to people like nigel farage on youtube , and people like him honestly think the uk is going to go back to being a huge power , with tons of influence on former colonial territories , driving leyland cars and telling mercedes and bmw to shove it , drinking earl gray and bovril with a nice smile on the face of every proud british man , women and child . 
  those days are gone , man ... europe has been rebuilt , it 's no longer war torn , or under the boot of the ussr , chinese influence in africa is growing stronger , the us is the main ally of canada , not the uk ... times have changed . 
  brussels does suck in it 's own way , but come on , it 's not like every issue in the uk currently is the fault of brussels . 
  plenty of exit-voters will claim the uk will create a new agreement with the eu on free trade and free movement after the exit . 
  well , then what the fuck is the point of leaving the eu in the first place ? 
  change the eu from inside , please !, 
  be the kid on the playground who compromises , instead of packing his toys up and leaving for home . 
  we do n't have to create an `` united states of europe '' , but without the eu in it 's current form , we all would have been squished by other foreign powers in trade long , long ago . 
   with zero problems this is not an immigration problem , this is a uk problem !, 
  begging for money , harassing people , finding lodging without proper documentation is all illegal in the uk . 
  simply apply your laws and you 'll do just fine . 
  do n't give them money . 
   yes , this is how wwi started . 
  no , it 's not . 
  unless you disagree with most historians out there . 
  and serbia can be like switzerland . 
  just you wait . 
  i do n't believe so , because it takes two to tango ... serbia was n't exactly `` minding it 's own business '' and picking it 's nose when this happened . 
  remember : after the collapse of communism and the dissolution of yugoslavia , we were under a dictatorship for 10 years . 
  there was no freedom of the press , `` free elections '' were laughable , you could get shot and killed for being against the government , and plenty of people did disappear . 
  the culmination of the dissolution was in 1999 during the nato allied bombing of yugoslavia . 
  but after that , via the 1244 un resolution , guarantees were given out that serbia will remain whole . 
  milosevic , when ousted , spoke of western influence , how the west will take kosovo away , how we will be sold to the highest bidder , etc. 
  we all laughed at that idiot , but as it turns out , he was partially right , because kosovo got recognized as independent by the majority of the eu . 
  so , yeah ... we did our best to get rid of our dictator , to break apart organized crime , to privatize state owned assets , to make reforms , and after years of doing that , we get `` rewarded '' with the recognition of kosovo , preceded by serbs fleeing kosovo ( from 30000 serbs in pristina in the 1990s , we got to 400 in 2011 ) , then we 're cornered in and told that if we are to make any progress , we should `` normalize relations '' . 
  then you get tons of people shouting `` milosevic was right !, 
  '' , and thus right wing pro-russian activists appear . 
  pro-russian parties , activists and sympathizers view russia as an ally , while the eu is the `` big bad west '' who bombed us and took kosovo away . 
  they play on people 's feelings , and they do so very well . 
  see , now this is why serbia has tight ties with russia . 
  `` hey , some of us will recognize kosovo as an independent state , some of us will not ... what the fuck could go wrong , amirite ?! '', 
  you want a black hole in europe ? 
  because this is how you get one . 
  if you corner serbia into a tight spot and beat it 's head repeatedly , they 'll say `` fuck it '' and turn to russia . 
  now we have an ever more active independence movement in bosnia , which can only end well , right ? 
  nope , but according to vegans , you 're depriving them of what 's theirs . 
   nothing i can get in a supermarket gets close to the real thing . 
  because supermarkets are little shits . 
  they purchase hard , barely ripe , tasteless varieties of tomatoes because they stay fresher for a longer period , but they taste like water and melon skin . 
  same goes for strawberries - they buy the hardest variety they can , but they taste like damn water !, 
  are you implying eastern europeans do n't have electricity and hot water ? 
  you do n't have to consume honey to be a bee killer ( pesticides and whatnot ) . 
  albania and montenegro said they 'll close up and wo n't become a part of any new routes . 
  albania has already send some manpower on their border with greece . 
  croatia 's ministry of interior has stated tonight that they 're keeping an eye out on their southern border , just in case . 
  now let 's see what italy and greece will do , since they 're hit the hardest here . 
  which one , the condom or the ice cream ? 
  do n't know about bulgaria , but the minister of interior of croatia has confirmed that they will close off their border with serbia , and that croatia will protect it 's borders and wo n't let anyone without a valid visa to pass . 
  he was on croatia 's rtl news tonight . 
  http://www.vijesti.rtl.hr/novosti/hrvatska/1935776/orepic-potvrdio-za-rtl-da-se-zatvara-balkanska-ruta-za-migrante-primjenjivat-ce-se-schengenska-pravila/ if germany wants refugees to pass through these countries , they will have to grant a visa to each and every one of them . 
  meh , depends on who you ask ...
