  then you 'll have no issues in spending a few years in portugal , hungary , poland , romania ... 
  while that 's going on , at least try to unite and fuck over isis already . 
  i like the idea of no borders , and it 's something we ( as a people ) should be working towards . 
  but ... baby steps . 
  opening all borders today is like jumping from a mountain with the hopes of going down faster . 
  i. . . do n't get it . 
  serbia 's government is fighting for it 's interests , and kosovo 's government is fighting for it 's interests . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  if it were up to both , there would be no relations or negotiations at all . 
  that 's why there are mediators present - the eu . 
  if kosovo decides to cease talks , this will only hurt them because these talks are supported by the eu and the us . 
  sure , kosovo has every right to refuse to talk , but it also has every right to face the political consequences of doing so . 
  also , this was not what i was saying ... kosovo has decided to halt talks due to the ** eu not allowing visa-free travel for kosovo passports ** . 
  this means serbia is playing no part in this . 
  instead , the eu does n't see kosovo as deserving for visa liberalization , and instead of negotiating and improving their position , kosovo 's politicians are acting like spoiled brats by thinking it only takes a nice smile and a few laws to trick the eu . 
  i know this because this is exactly what our politicians did . 
  ivanovic , oddly enough , was a pro-democracy advocate , and a very mild politician . 
  i ca n't see him committing these crimes , but he may have looked the other way , as the sentencing implies . 
  he still has the right to appeal . 
  anyway , let 's see what happens to hashim thaci and his bros in the near future , if they end up on trial . 
  meanwhile , kosovo is refusing to continue talks with serbia until eu introduces visa liberalization for kosovo . 
  our borders were pretty secure during pre 1990s yugoslavia . 
  then again , the military guarded all borders and had permission to shoot at any time . 
  let us call upon the mighty and wise asotthalom , hungary mayor to help us in this endeavor !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vedkzvodgoo :p, 
  same here , i tried to befriend one and he tried to steal my bicycle in return . 
  and here i wonder why everyone 's parents told their kids to be wary of the roma . 
  the thing is , children * need * to be taught to behave that way . 
  i do n't know what happens inside romani houses and their families , but it sure ai n't anything good . 
  in fact , their culture is so bad , many people are becoming racist enough to start claiming `` it 's in their dna ! '' . 
  romani people who have left this kind of life need to speak up and raise their voices and lead by example , because things are only going to get worse . 
  this is the point where you tell us there was a tornado a few months ago ? 
  right ? 
  ... right ? 
  `` it 's somebody else 's problem now '' ... then the problems come back to bite them in the ass . 
  then they go `` woe is me '' . 
  i ca n't stand roma communities like this , nor communities like this in india ... 
  pick your fucking trash up and throw it on a pile , at least !, 
  why the fuck does everyone have a satellite dish , and they ca n't pick their trash up or trim the plants growing from the base of their buildings ?!, 
  gaaah ... these roma settlements have no sense of community . 
  i can understand being angry and upset due to poverty and discrimination , but why ca n't they have at least some sense of common good inside their own segregated groups ? 
  really cute . 
  how many russians could actually own a dacha during the ussr ? 
  serbia could n't be threatened with sanctions during the 90s , but we got fucked in the ass with a rake while we sang cheerful patriotic songs . 
  whatever you do , do n't think you 'll be better on your own , sanctions sucks for all parties . 
  do not fuck this up . 
  if the eu would cease trading with turkey , it would be a major blow . 
  not that i support such drastic actions , but turkey would be quite fucked in this respect . 
  even sanctions from russia are fucking turkey over in some respect ... 
  does n't the uk have plenty of indians ? 
  how many indians have committed terrorist acts , or protested and gone crazy over a comic ? 
   if we 're not going to get the money we were promised why the hell would be keep preventing them to go because you should respect your own , and other country 's borders . 
   it 's just common sense to send them to europe why the hell is that common sense ? 
  i mean , djibouti does n't want to support serbia during this refugee crisis , so that means it 's common sense to send them all to djibouti ? 
  so you 're telling me all those protests and violence are occurring because the opposition wants those little quirks and issues corrected ? 
  or because they oppose the serbian municipal association fully ? 
  because something tells me it 's the former . 
   then serbia has effectively destroyed its own cultural heritage . 
  in that case , yes it has . 
  edit : although i see no reason why that should be of any relevance to current kosovo events . 
  it 's not tit for tat . 
  no mosques should be ruined for every ruined church , or vice versa . 
  kosovo is trying to be better than serbia in this respect , is it not ? 
   serbia destroyed mosques during the war , even though it was a member of unesco . 
  which mosques has serbia destroyed in serbia ? 
  or are we talking about the army of republika srpska in bosnia ? 
  http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2016&amp;mm=01&amp;dd=11&amp;nav_id=96646 `` pristina : protesters urinate inside serbian church '' ... you relieve yourself , and you fuck up your enemies ' church . 
  win win , i guess . 
   our country but ... you 're in albania , are you not ? 
   association of serbian municipalities in kosovo breaches the constitution of kosovo jesus fucking christ , unlike you , i do n't live in kosovo , but even i know that 's not true . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/kosovo-constitutional-court-approves-the-association-agreement-with-serbia-12-24-2015/1602/6 `` association of serbian municipalities '' is constitutional in kosovo . 
   some turk 's head ftfy other symbols of kikinda have the same style : http://i.imgur.com/moxdkyd.jpg, 
  a. . . fish . 
  okay . 
   floors are for walking on kids play on the floor . 
  also i sometimes lie on the floor to study , or to watch tv . 
  in serbia we reach around 33-37 . 
  and i 'd rather smell a person 's feet than let him mud up my floor . 
  mini balkan cold war !, 
  wooooo !, 
   can i remind you that every time something happened , be it a football match or a political event that made serbians angry , it resulted in albanians in serbia being attacked ? 
  not really ... 
  of course not , but the majority are ( unfortunately ) , otherwise you would n't be left with a fraction of the serb population you have today . 
  do n't think that the serbs are n't intolerant of albanians as well , this is quite true , but at a somewhat lesser extent . 
  people egged on their christmas eve ? 
  ca n't say i did n't expect it from such a tolerant and multicultural bunch . 
  in the case of the attacks in belgrade , they are similar ... actually , pretty much the same . 
  i 'm only disputing the usage of the `` attacks '' in subotica as something significant . 
  it was just something dumb kids do , not much else . 
   but let 's not pretend kosovars are only to blame for ethnic tensions . 
  of course not . 
  but 1999 and onwards , you can only see the serb and romani population drop in kosovo . 
  they are n't state approved in any case . 
  hashim thaci and the like would give their left nut for a civilized constituency , but instead they get `` self determination '' , attacks against serbs , emigration and tear gas in parliament . 
  likewise , plenty of politicians in serbia would really like to get rid of ultranationalists and football hooligans , but they ca n't ( or wo n't ? ) . 
   so pretty much all serbian crimes against minorities are individuals acting on their own depends . 
  those in the 90s were state organized . 
  after 2000. , there was no state organization of anything , however , ultranationalists orgs took care of that . 
  in the case of bajrakli , nobody in their right mind would walk down to a mosque just like that , it was organized and prepared in advance . 
  that was in no case a sudden act of individuals .
