  and with this resolution , they just whacked the hornet 's nest yet again . 
  the war lasted almost 4 years , with almost 100000 casualties ... srebrenica is a big piece of the puzzle , but it 's still a piece of a bigger picture . 
  as soon as this resolution was proposed , newspapers went wild , survivors got pissed , nationalists took the stage ... russia took their chance and supported the bosnian serbs , and thus with a simple veto they got their full allegiance . 
  bravo for them , cheapest political win ever . 
  that 's not the reason why they wo n't hear about it . 
  they wo n't hear about it for the same reasons why they wo n't hear about the rwandan genocide , it 's just not on the radar . 
  driving through the region is still haunting . 
  seeing a shelled out house , almost on the verge of crumbling , with a `` for sale '' sign sprayed on it just reeks of sadness . 
  it 's like a google search away ... wikipedia is fine . 
  lol at anyone who thinks the hague can actually deal out proper sentences . 
  just look at their acquitting rates on all sides ... 
  l i t, 
  slavic people did plenty of exploring , it 's how we ended up down here . 
  turkey occupies the northern part of the island , and apparently nobody cares . 
   but instead just straight out said they do n't want him to talk there erdogan is n't a citizen of germany and has to have at least some common courtesy . 
  since he ca n't , he wo n't get any of it back . 
  my european boner is fully erect, 
  the border dispute is really nothing special . 
  the danube has been wiggling around for hundred of years and nobody cared because it was n't a border . 
  and now it is . 
  croatia wants the border to be set up based on old maps and land ownership records , while serbia wants the danube itself to be the border . 
  in practical terms , serbia 's version is currently the * de facto * one , even croatia kinda supports it ( see : `` liberland '' ) , while the west kinda supports the croatian version . 
  nevertheless , these borders are on inhospitable marshlands and bogs , and are really susceptible to flooding , thus nobody really cares . 
   waking up at 5am  sunday u wot ? 
  three options : accept all refugees from eritrea invade eritrea ignore problem until it goes away, 
  excuse me sir , but us slavs drive only the finest : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hguk8acd1tu, 
  i always thought it was supposed to be `` yellow in the front , brown in the back '' ? 
  based on what i 've seen here , they should . 
  it 's messy , it 's greasy , it 's smelly . 
  pretty much impossible to get . 
  ( except for the student visas , those are kinda ok ), 
  this is actually a very good feeling - you 'll no longer feel excluded or walled in . 
  enjoy it and savor the moment . 
   a little self introspection would go a long way towards creating peace . 
  you know what else would go a long way towards creating peace ? 
  you shutting the hell up once in a while . 
  seriously , here you are preaching peace and retrospection , and yet you 're exactly the type to cause new conflicts by blaming nationalities instead of individuals . 
  you 're completely devoid of any compassion , and you keep showing it here on this subreddit all the time . 
  i do n't even lurk here as often , and i always see your posts which usually have the same condescending tone towards other nationalities . 
  the people who ransacked parts of croatia and bosnia had the exact same way of thinking such as yourself - `` this is nothing compared to what they did to us in ww2 '' . 
  perhaps you should practice a bit of `` self introspection '' yourself , because people like you are what started the war in the first place and who will start new wars in the future . 
  the very same thing can be said for other separatists in the yugoslav wars . 
  first of all , the lawsuit is brought on by some random people and ngos , not serbia . 
  second , i know estonia and your neighbors have a raging hard on for nato . 
  this is completely understandable , having in mind your relationship ( or lack thereof ) with ussr/russia and the suffering you 've endured . 
  you have benefited massively from nato membership , and if i were in your shoes , i would definitely hold on to nato as much as possible ... 
  but please do n't let your relationship cloud your judgement . 
  yes , the lawsuit is dumb , it 's brought on by people with nothing better to do , and there 's no chance of winning ... but do n't just straight away assume nato is in the complete right just because you 've had good experiences with this organization . 
  please understand , serbia is filled with refugees from croatia , serbia and kosovo , as well as people who have done nothing wrong , and yet have been the victims of the 1999 nato campaign ... they 've all lost people , they 've been driven out , and yet they and their families keep hearing stuff like `` this is your fault '' , `` you got what you deserved '' , `` serbia is the aggressor '' ... of course they 'll be pissed and believe they 've been wronged . 
  thus , there will always be some public support for stuff like this , and of course they 'll want their voice to be heard . 
  what do you expect us to do in this case ? 
  tell those people that we 're in the process of joining the eu and that they should shut the hell up ? 
  it did n't even exist . 
  it was created as a result of the bosnian civil war . 
  you ( irish ) , of all people should understand what it 's like when a region is lit on fire due to political and religious differences . 
  this is how wars usually start . 
  there are no good guys and bad guys , just two or more factions who believe they 're in the right . 
  vucic has met with angela merkel ** during the election campaign ** !, 
  it was all over the news . 
  they support him , they constantly assure us that we 're doing great ( which is anything but true ) , and this weakens the opposition . 
  if the eu knows what 's good for them , they should stop supporting autocrats no matter what . 
  i 'm all pro-eu , but i would n't even in my wildest dreams support serbia entering the eu in this state . 
  no , it 's not the fault of `` the west '' of anything , this is all on us , but do n't make it worse , please . 
   invading other lands and ethnically cleansing bosniaks when did this invasion happen ? 
  serbia has n't invaded bosnia , unless you know something i do n't ? 
  in bosnia . 
  perpetrated by certain bosnian serbs , who were just fine in bosnia and did n't see any air strikes in 1999 . 
  in 1999 , however , serbs , croats , hungarians , etc. 
  in serbia were drafted , no matter what their thoughts on the previous wars were . 
  and unlike the wars in croatia or bosnia , this time you could n't escape , all borders have been closed down and protected fiercely . 
  the international community was just fed up with milosevic , and that was what led to the bombing campaign . 
  they tolerated the shit out of him for a whole decade , even went so far to call him the `` factor of peace '' , and then bombed his house in 1999 . 
  there was also the clinton `` i wan na do something big '' way of thinking , as he was on his way out and suffered hard from that whole lewinsky scandal . 
  the same thing is happening with our current president now . 
  we 're again losing our freedoms , wallowing in corruption , but as long as he 's best buddies with the surrounding region , he can have serbia as his playground . 
  if he oversteps his boundaries , he wo n't get bombed again ... we will . 
  in short , nobody cared about srebrenica or any victims of the war , honestly . 
  it was a display of power and an attempt at ousting a stubborn old former communist from his throne . 
  hell , nobody has even heard about srebrenica until recent media attention !, 
  the serbs in bosnia wanting their own state is ... ok ? 
  as well as the serbs in croatia ? 
  what about serbs in montenegro ? 
   albanian land ...  croat land ...  bosniak land ...  serbian land you 're doing the same `` rightful clay '' thing which started the whole shitstorm in the 90s . 
  stop it . 
  why must you torture our souls like this !? 
  every fucking field trip we had usually had this playing on the bus . 
  we 're lucky that neither we nor our parents understood the lyrics . 
  i think the whole place is `` bazaar '' - like , with coverings above . 
  there 's no way the restaurant could be open like that and not endure wind , rain and whatnot . 
  i believe wine was the golden standard until the ottomans banned it in many places . 
  raki ( j ) a was then introduced because it was easily concealed and packed more of a punch . 
  using the term `` muslim '' * these days * is useless , i agree . 
  although the term `` bosniak '' is sure to confuse many people who are not familiar with the term . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_indicted_in_the_international_criminal_tribunal_for_the_former_yugoslavia tl ; dr : * bosnian serb * , * bosnian serb * , * bosnian serb * , * bosnian serb * ... 
  the people from serbia who have been sentenced for crimes in the bosnian war are : ... well , i did n't find any . 
  do bosnian croat camps count ? 
  no , it came from a game i believe . 
   never mind the fact the ethnic group are called bosniaks , not `` muslims '' ( obvious provocation ) `` bosniaks '' is a recent term , though ... is n't it ? 
  i believe before that they were all grouped up as `` muslims '' . 
  in the balkans , we have plenty of police officers who are pencil pushers/desk jockeys , background checkers , filers , etc.
