  however , in subotica , like i 've already stated , no organization took part in anything , just two underage kids acting like little shits . 
  bajrakli was a shitstorm caused by nationalists and football hooligans . 
  no qualms there . 
  i 'm talking about the one in subotica . 
  we 're a multicultural city , and we do n't do that kind of shit here . 
   http://inserbia.info/today/2014/10/subotica-mosque-door-set-on-fire/ oh shut up . 
  i live in subotica , and everyone was horrified about that when it happened . 
  turns out , it was n't an organized or planned out event of any kind , just two minors who threw some burning shit on the door and ran off . 
  they got a stern talk from their parents and that was the end of that . 
   do people have issues with kosovo ? 
  nah ... decades of nationalism , a decade of insurgency , one full scale war , ethnic cleansing , territorial disputes , political instability ... no issues to speak of . 
  does n't matter . 
  the damage is done . 
  the serbs have fled and no one in their right mind of serbian heritage would want to go back , let alone settle in kosovo . 
  there are no more serbs in pristina , nor in prizren ( pictured ) . 
  and what violence and intimidation fail to accomplish , poverty will . 
  from a multicultural region , you 're all left with a great division . 
  bosnia 2.0 , except much worse . 
  fuck the churches . 
  churches can be rebuilt . 
  the issue is that the people that are supposed to present themselves as peaceful europeans are easily riled up to the point where they burn and desecrate holy sites - sites of significant historical importance . 
  serbia will be getting some form of civil partnership soon , even though marriage of same sex people is denied in the constitution . 
  brb , learning chinese mandarin instead ... bazdmeg ... 
  the correct term is 8p8c . 
   same goes for zhirinovsky who said russia should just nuke istanbul and be done with it . 
  aaaah , zhirinovsky ...  in november 2015 after the incident of a russian jet plane shot-down by a turkish f-16 after air-space violation he stated that russia must detonate a nuclear bomb on the bosphoros , to create a 10 meters high tsunami wave that would wipe out at least 9 million istanboulites in a speech he gave to duma . 
  to be fair , he did n't want to * nuke * istambul , just to kill everyone in it via a nuke induced tsunami wave . 
  https://i.imgur.com/8sevfss.jpg ... how awkward it is that all of these flags will have gone go to war in a few years , and that the nazi flag would become synonymous with atrocities , war and death . 
   the un and eulex have done their respective investigation and found nothing of value . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_theft_in_kosovo  * on april 4 , 2014 media reported eu plans to start in 2015 a tribunal , costing $ 170m , and funded by the eu , that will try albanians involved in the organ traffic . 
  absolutely . 
  even more than a bit . 
  because it was made by obscure nationalistic organizations which nobody really cares about . 
  nobody in their right mind would give them a huge wall in a tourist area to paint over , hence only a small random apartment building . 
   then you can kiss goodbye any kind of sanctions against russia i said it before , and i 'll say it again . 
  it 's kinda your fault . 
  serbia did n't really have grand ties with russia until the whole kosovo shitstorm . 
  now our leaders are ready to lick eu 's balls , but they 're even more ready to gobble up russia 's cock since they have veto power in the un . 
  uk has recently introduced weird un resolutions , which made serbia turn once again to russia . 
  compare this to serbia 's ties to the uk during the 90s . 
  a 180 degree turn . 
  we started off fine since the ousting of milosevic in 2000. , we gave amnesty to all those albanian guerillas fighting in southern serbia , we tried getting a solution going for kosovo ... eu optimism was at an all time high , but apparently that was n't enough , and then kosovo was declared independent , leading to a massive , massive blow to serbia-eu relations . 
  this lead to even the most proeu acquaintances i have to declare `` they do n't really care about us ... we 're nothing in their eyes '' . 
  and now we 're stuck . 
  every living day , we get to experience `` kosovo issues '' on the news . 
  anything we do gets prefaced with `` but kosovo first '' . 
  russia knows this , and is using it 's influence to creep in . 
  you have created this split , now enjoy your shiny new balkan black hole . 
  the graffiti was drawn by some obscure orgs , one called `` eastern alternative '' ... yeah , mostly nobody cares , nor have they ever been to russia . 
  you 're the same as the republic of srpska and the rest of bosnia regarding your `` heroes '' . 
  streets , schools and whatnot in the ros have been named and renamed in honor of `` serb heroes '' , while , in the muslim regions , they have been renamed in honor of `` bosniak heroes '' . 
  it 's a pissing contest . 
  and then you get a jashari airport , streets named after bill clinton and george w bush , streets named after us lobbyists , tons of skenderbeg and mother theresa streets , etc. 
  you 're all fucking nuts , and it 's not even funny anymore . 
  better a referendum to join now , than a referendum to leave later ... right ? 
  this documentary may change your mind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0do0xys8ko, 
  romanians ? 
  or romanian roma ? 
  based what i saw on the bbc , it 's the latter , plenty of roma from romania come to the uk and end up in a conflict with the law , either due to benign stuff like sleeping in a public park , or due to other , harder crimes . 
  jesus fuck , ukraine ... get your shit together !, 
  the same goes for kosovo too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-__p6slaloq ... and georgia : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uyrcnjeqyu, 
  i 'm from the north of serbia , and we have 100 % hungarian schoolbooks , but they are written in serbia and are made to fit serbia 's school curriculum . 
  albanian frontmen from the south are just creating a big fuss , as usual . 
  i know enver hoxha pretty much banned religion , but i doubt the result of that would be that 70 % of albanians are undeclared/atheists . 
  i say that even though i 'm atheist myself . 
  60 % islam , 17 % christian . 
   country of origin their country of origin was yugoslavia , which is now serbia , montenegro and ( depending on who you ask ) kosovo . 
  no , they would n't , because ukraine would n't let them have one . 
  just like serbia would n't let kosovo have one . 
  holy crap , now that 's what i call whitewashing !, 
  you 're downgrading this whole stunt to a simple `` shooting at a house '' ? 
  the desired outcome was n't to shoot at someone 's house , the desired outcome was to strike fear into a region of different ethnicity . 
  if something like this had happened anywhere in europe , it would be either due to some weird gang war , or , well , terrorism !, 
  it would certainly * not * be described as simple vandalism !, 
   russia invaded crimea crimea had declared independence and then subsequently joined russia . 
  it 's still inside russia as an `` autonomous republic '' . 
  i do n't like it , but the fact is that more than 90 % of crimea wants independence from ukraine . 
  it is perfectly comparable to kosovo . 
  the only difference is that western powers support kosovo , while eastern powers support crimea . 
   this scenarios will never be comparable and anyone who uses them as such is very simple minded what an awful thing to say . 
  i would say plenty of serbs would vote for an independent kosovo with getting republic of srpska in return . 
  however , this is not something i like in particular , because it leads to nationalistic tensions ... this means russians in ukraine can have their own states , albanians in macedonia can ask for separation , hungarians in romania , hungarians in serbia , serbs in montenegro , russians in the baltics , etc. 
  which is not what i consider to be an eu value , where different creeds and nationalities can mingle freely . 
   why create another problem by keeping kosovo inside serbia , if 90 % of their people do n't want to be ruled by beograd ? 
  why create another problem by keeping republic of srpska inside bosnia , if 90 % of their people do n't want to be ruled by sarajevo ? 
  * to be honest i ca n't see why republic of srpska is n't allowed to unify with serbia . 
  serbia has a nation have finally got of their ass and started to improve their country . 
  republic of srpska could benefit from it considering how serbs are the majority there . 
  it would be much easier having serbia take care of it than eu countries . 
   probably more so because we 're majority muslim . 
  it 's because y' all drive mercedeses . 
  would it kill you to buy a renault , for fuck 's sake ? 
  i 'm all with you regarding the bombing of dubrovnik , but comparing serbia to nazi germany is never a good idea , and feeling superior to anyone in a civil war is a great mistake . 
   * serbia 's eu membership progress , kosovo issues , immigration issues * meh ...  * steven seagal dicks around in a meeting with a serbian official * yes , this is news !, 
   minitel nice touch, 
   expressing their religious freedom there were no hijabs and burkqas during yugoslavia ... or at least , very little . 
  it was seen as something backward and degrading to women . 
  i retract my last argument . 
  jesus , just bring back old fashioned immigration back !, 
  if you 're a plain old potential immigrant , you either have to marry someone , or apply for a temporary job before getting your permanent residency , or you need a certain degree of education , or a somewhat higher level of language ability , or maybe you 'll get extra points if you have someone vouching for you .
