  do we want to end up with another australian aboriginal fiasco , or wind up in a shitstorm which canada caused by screwing with their natives ? 
   in bucharest , on construction sites , i see that most of the workers are roma . 
  on a construction site down my street can we trade ? 
  also , you paying them 200eur/month for a 64hr workweek is not cool . 
   `` educational segregation '' i do n't agree with this statement . 
  in my city , we have separate class groups for serbian/croatian speaking kids and hungarian speaking kids . 
  works fine . 
  on one hand , people insist roma get an education , on the other hand , people insist they keep and nurture their culture . 
  so ... why not a separate class for romani kids with extra activities related to the romani language , culture and arts ? 
  i mean , * if the parents decide to enroll their kid in the first place * , of course . 
  huawei and xiaomi i agree with , but lenovo churns out some really cheap shit . 
  i do n't trust them . 
  the only thing i trust from lenovo is their thinkpad t and x series of laptops . 
  also , phones are cheaper because we 're willing to buy cheaper shit . 
  take any smartphone , ditch snapdragon or any advanced cpu , ditch gorilla glass , use the cheapest memory modules you can find , use cheaper plastics and a low quality battery , install an old 720p obsolete screen which is probably no longer even produced , and use one shitty non noise-reducing microphone ( god , do those suck ) . 
  install stock android on it and you get absolutely no r&d and software development costs . 
  hence : sub 100eur phone . 
  then we buy tons of shit to protect it , while i could throw my old nokias around like there 's no tomorrow . 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's only about unemployment , but also about you ( our orthodox brothers ) working under the table in plenty of areas . 
  oh hey , let me just chime in to say that my city used to be called maria-theresiapolis : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/grb_subotice.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subotica, 
   turkey is fundamentally a stable country . 
  well , there are plenty of instabilities in turkey . 
  remember when serbia `` intervened '' with its insurgencies ? 
  yeah , that did n't end up too well . 
  i 'm scared that turkey may want to take that path as well if they have nothing else left to lose . 
  it 's not decades away , it just stands no chance at all in this current form . 
  even in one hundred years turkey wo n't stand a chance of joining if it continues down this path . 
  if there was a will to reform the country , rejuvenate freedom of speech , make peace talks with rebellious groups , sort out cyprus , and then implement all those eu ascension chapters , turkey could be in the eu in less than 10 years . 
  but that 's wishful thinking . 
  i 'm predicting plenty of `` sour grapes '' and `` the eu will dissolve anyway soon '' . 
  small numbers . 
  however , britain is n't even close to leaving the eu yet . 
  if i 've learned anything from my own experiences , they 'll be flocking to embassies and consulates way after brexit happens if a ) the economy slumps or b ) they find a better job in the eu . 
  i love natgeo 's stuff , especially during those days of the cold war . 
  there was no fearmongering here , no bringing up of political differences ... only a nice map and an insight in culture and demography . 
  many countries will refuse entry on their airport terminals if the customs agent thinks you 're likely to overstay your visit . 
  warning signs : no return ticket home , overpacking , bringing your whole family , not having a hotel/motel reservation , not having a tourist organization vouch for you , asylum request rates , etc. 
  latin american countries have n't been abusing the eu as much , and as such , they get a free pass . 
  turkey is quite a large country with a hefty immigrant population i the eu , and with a visa-free status , there may be a danger of many illegal workers coming to the eu . 
  i should know , i 'm in serbia , and there are plenty of our illegal workers entering the eu on a tourist basis , but we 're tiny and do n't screw things up that much , so we 're ignored . 
  travelling to and from turkey every 6 months ( as to not get banned from schengen ) is easier and cheaper compared to boarding a plane to latin america every 6 months . 
  correct . 
  it 's about interests . 
  when serbia enters the eu , it will introduce both visas and sanctions to russia . 
  at the time being , it gains nothing . 
  and most of the eu gets its gas from russia . 
  why not introduce sanctions in that field as well ? 
  not economically feasible ? 
  well , now you know how we feel like . 
  serbia has been learning a lot about the concept of international diplomacy and interests as of recently ... many western nations recognize kosovo , and yet do n't recognize crimea . 
  russia and its allies recognize crimea , but do n't recognize kosovo . 
  see a pattern here ? 
  it 's not `` us '' , it 's turkey . 
  take a look at the current state of turkey and try to make an assertion why it should join the eu . 
  they simply have n't done enough to join the eu and their country really is n't compatible in its current form . 
  do the same for serbia , bosnia , albania , montenegro , moldova , ukraine or macedonia ... you 'll see a slightly better situation , but you 'll come to a similar conclusion . 
  i personally think serbia deserves to be in the eu , but * not in this current state * . 
  we still have a lot to do , and i do n't want people using their eu tax money to give us fish instead of teaching us how to fish . 
  until we do our part , we should n't complain , and neither should turkey . 
   because last time i checked they did n't need visas , whereas turkey , a member of customs union , could n't travel visa-free since 80s latin american countries need plenty of money for travel costs in order to arrive in europe , thus they get visa-free travel because the chances of someone coming over and overstaying their welcome are slim . 
  on the other hand , you can drive , or even walk from turkey over to the eu . 
  check out the visa policies of small island nations ... they 're mostly very liberal , because if someone has money to come over , they 're not your average joe . 
   leave nato and team up with russia you mean this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_economic_union ? 
  good luck and enjoy . 
  whenever someone in serbia tries to ask `` why are n't we joining the eeu '' , they usually get laughed at . 
  i do n't think they 're called tony blair , but tonibler : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tonibler, 
   kosova it 's called kosovo . 
  i do n't refer to serbia as '' \u0421\u0440\u0431\u0438\u0458\u0430 '' when writing in english . 
  damn it ... almost had me . 
  maybe tourism will even increase , due to people wanting to visit before y' all bugger off from the eu . 
  `` hey guys , i have an idea , let 's make a business district with a bunch of buildings that all look the same ! '', 
  they really do have money to burn . 
  i honestly laughed at orban 's proposal to build a fence . 
  turned out , the damn thing was actually built and actually worked . 
  do n't underestimate people . 
   although muslim by tradition everyone who wears one in albania ( and it is just a recent phenomenon ) is being paid a monthly pension just to introduce this practice . 
  who is paying this ? 
  there wo n't be rapes , but at best , their families will not be happy if they take off the hijab . 
  if christ would come for the 2nd time , he would nuke the balkans . 
  rightfully so . 
  the ussr was most certainly the biggest player , and they deserve our thanks , but poland was shafted hard by stalin . 
  he purposefully left the polish partisans to get slaughtered by the nazis by stopping his troops in their advance . 
  then he , well , occupied the country . 
  and this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre, 
  talk shit about russia or china all you want , but erdogan is really acing this dictator thing he 's got going . 
  serious question : if the video had his voice coming from the toilet , would that constitute a crime ? 
  yeah , i do n't know on what kind of law they base their sentences on . 
  guy kills dozens , but gets a slap on the wrist because `` extraordinary circumstances in war '' or whatever ... 
  mladic would use previous genocides against serbs as an excuse to genocide others . 
  complete nutjob is what he is , a stain in history . 
   i did a brief bit of research and came to the conclusion that the serbian government had committed mass genocide . 
  but she was kinda right ( although only about the first part , though , the rest is bs ) : https://iwpr.net/global-voices/serbia-acquitted-genocide bosnian serb leaders had a mind of their own , and milosevic did n't have that much control over them ( check out the bbc `` the death of yugoslavia '' series ) . 
  the serbian ( yugoslavian at the time ) government did n't perpetrate the genocide , but they certainly could have prevented it by intervening and taking down mladic . 
  imho , i do n't think even a bastard such as milosevic could have predicted that mladic would go nuts like that . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/08/russia-vetoes-srebrenica-genocide-resolution-un  `` our vote against ... will not however mean that we are deaf to the sufferings of the victims of srebrenica and other areas of bosnia-herzegovina , '' churkin said before the vote , adding that such a resolution would lead to greater regional tension . 
   serbia acknowledges that a `` grave crime '' took place and adopted a declaration condemning the massacre in 2010 as it sought closer ties with the west , but stopped short of describing it as genocide . 
   serbia warned on tuesday that the resolution would only widen ethnic divisions in neighbouring bosnia . 
  it 's a political battle . 
  the resolution had jack shit to do with srebrenica , it was just an old fashioned un dick waving contest . 
  maybe if the world took some actual interest in bosnia , the region would calm down , but churning out a resolution once every few years and making a b movie about the event wo n't fucking help .
