  meh , nevertheless , they can pick whoever they want to be , and i 'll have every right to laugh about it if i find it to be fitting . 
  i think the issue is that ( fyro ) macedonia is demanding something ... yet has n't given anything in return . 
  and , take from it what you will , most serbs think the concept of macedonia finding their own new little piece of history is comedic in value . 
  their plans are worth jack shit , as nobody fucking knows what brexit even means anymore . 
  i just want the brexiters to stop being little children and instead of `` brexit means brexit '' actually state what they 're gon na do . 
  what happens to all eu/non-uk citizens living there ? 
  what happens to foreign owned businesses ? 
  what happens to northern ireland ? 
  what happens to companies with eu ties ? 
  what kind of timeframe do the companies and the people have to reestablish themselves elsewhere if it comes to a hard brexit ? 
  at least give them something . 
  if i had a business in the uk , or if i lived in the uk , i would be worried sick about all of this . 
  if a chinese person distrusts the government in public , let 's just say his life wo n't be so bright in the near future . 
   we also need to acknowledge the difficult possibility of a physical border reappearing across the island of ireland . 
  i find this to be quite sad ... a return to the ol' days . 
  calm down , both of you ... 
  i 'll buy you some * burek sa sirom *, 
  spoilers for fuck 's sake ... 
  it 's the picture they use every time . 
  b92 is now shit , and due to being shit , they use old stock photos and free stock photos . 
  they 're not gon na buy a new picture of pristina just because . 
  i 'm from subotica , and they sometimes use aerial pictures from the 90s when talking about my city . 
  when i first saw a god damn map . 
  using your logic , the croatian checkerboard would be tainted as well . 
  just stop . 
  to be fair , they use camo because army surplus is cheap as fuck , warm and of high quality . 
  every farmer i 've met has some gear like that standing by . 
  proper work clothing ( brand new ) is expensive . 
  and before people downvote this guy , yes ... 
  it 's true . 
  serbs from the north felt so betrayed and deperate thay they actually sought russian citizenship via petition . 
  hello and welcome to r/europe . 
  and here i was hoping eu politicians were immune from kosovo/rep . 
  srpska-like independence poo flinging ... 
  the point is to ignore any branding of `` freedom fighters '' . 
  milosevic was a `` factor of stability '' , i mean ... 
  officially ? 
  it 's very hard to get a handgun . 
  you need to prove you 're mentally stable and fit , with a clean police record . 
  the police may come over and ask about you in your neighborhood . 
  if you get your permit , you are limited to a certain quantity of bullets per year , for which you must get permission to buy in advance . 
  when you get your gun , you 're supposed to keep it inside your home . 
  if you want to transport your gun , you need to disable it/field strip it and carry it in a designated suitcase . 
  an ex-cop neighbor had frequent fights with his wife , and one time the police were called . 
  they eventually took his gun away . 
  if you have a gun , you ca n't under any circumstances be of a violent nature . 
  if you want to carry a gun with you at all times , you need to apply for an expensive concealed carry permit . 
  when doing so , you must reasonably prove that your life is in danger for some reason . 
  very hard to do . 
  it 's easier to get a hunter 's single barrel/double barrel shotgun if you 're a part of a hunter 's association . 
  even then , there 's a test to pass . 
  automatic rifles , suppressors , etc. 
  are all illegal . 
  still , that does n't prevent people from acquiring guns , and many who do not have money for permits and whatnot just have a hidden gun somewhere in their house in case of an emergency . 
  those kinds of people usually live in rural areas , where the police response times are more than 15-20 minutes . 
  the official statement is that there are two things to be completed : - the border demarcation agreement with montenegro and - `` the yielding of concrete results in the fight against corruption '' ( no idea what this in particular means ) and campaigns like this to put pressure on the eu are just pathetic : http://i.imgur.com/hr1sfu7.jpg and if you 're this much infuriated by things like this , boy oh boy are you in for a surprise once you even try to open any eu chapter !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutral_country#claim_to_be_neutral yup . 
  ko\u0161tunica thought the time was ripe to proclaim neutrality , i guess . 
  this was mostly done to prevent serbia entering nato in the future . 
  so is serbia . 
  not even kidding . 
  oddly enough , serbia has more military personnel than austria , and austria has a larger population than serbia . 
   all of this because serbia wo n't recognize kosovo aw hell no . 
  you did n't get visa free travel because your country is shit and your government is a bunch of incompetent retards who are only capable of tweeting and complaining . 
  serbia got visa free travel to the eu 7 years ago after tons of hurdles imposed by the eu , because we , too , were shit and our government was also ( and still is ) made up of incompetent retards ( hello , have you seen * the train * ? ) . 
  the kosovo passport requiring visas has nothing to do with serbia . 
  at all . 
  this is all on you . 
  the rest was expected . 
  serbia does n't recognize kosovo . 
  whatever our opinion on that is , the fact of the matter is , serbia is standing its ground and fighting for its interests . 
  if northern kosovo seceded , would n't the kosovo government do the same ? 
  or would they wish them farewell and let them join any and all international org ? 
  look at it from the perspective of a serbian statesman . 
  why on earth would he let a breakaway province get out so easy ? 
  the eu is doing the same to the uk . 
  no favors . 
  no easy ways out . 
  sure , the common folk get shafted , as always , but politics is a bitch . 
  using the euro as a currency without approval is something the eu frowns upon , but tolerates . 
  same as with montenegro . 
  expect hurdles with that . 
  or were you expecting a smooth ride because yugoslavia/serbia 's no more ? 
  kosovo was the poorest province in yugoslavia . 
  what makes you think this would change all of a sudden ? 
  yeah , you joke , but albania and many other balkan nations pay tons of cash to american lobby groups so they could bicker about useless shit in the us as well . 
  nah , that 's aleksandar vulin for ya . 
  he 's got plenty more ideas , just give him a chance . 
   also , the kla was later taken down from the terrorist list and were branded freedom fighters by nato . 
  [ gee ... where have i heard of this one before ? 
   also norway for example does get advantages out of the eu , but also helps the eu , well , they are in the eea , are they not ? 
  yes , but this is n't 1947 with a bunch of tribes with no papers to their name and maybe a few cattle to call their own . 
  this has already been tried by \u0160e\u0161elj in hrtkovci , serbia . 
  he spoke of that calmly just as you did , like people were livestock . 
   unless your leadership suffers severe mental retardation a few days of following any balkan news outlet would give you a clear picture of how ex-yu politicians are re ... mentally challenged . 
   it worked for india in 1947 when millions of muslims and hindus switched places . 
   lol why would any serb be killed in kosovo 2004 . 
   and since im hearing a lot about the elections what is the situation in serbia , is there any more pro europian party the elections are presidential , not parliamentary . 
  oh , and fyi , nikoli\u0107 's party - sns is pro eu . 
  take from that what you will .
