  ... also fish & chips . 
  because serbia actually signed a readmission agreement without any fuss beforehand . 
  this means anyone who enters any eu country from serbia could be sent back , and serbia would accept that person back , no matter their nationality . 
  because turkey is a country of 75mil people , while serbia is a country of 7mil people . 
  because its problematic regions , like kosovo , are still under a visa regime . 
  problematic regions in turkey are not sectioned off . 
  because serbia has tons of eu minorities - hungarians , croats , romanians and bulgarians . 
  because serbia has a specific geographical position and is in continental europe . 
  because turkey 's new restrictions of freedom of speech do not jive with european values . 
  because the amount of illegal serbian workers in the eu is still minuscule . 
  if you think there was n't a few talks about this , you 're gravely mistaken . 
  we have been threatened with a new visa regime multiple times due to illegal workers , and mostly due to fake asylum seekers . 
   nobody 's going to move to canada 4 % of all foreign born migrants in canada are from the usa . 
  so , yeah , i guess * some * will move . 
  anyone coming from those countries is most likely coming for tourist purposes , and they need to come in via plane , so that filters out most unwanted people . 
  turks , however , can abuse this visa-free regime . 
  i should know , serbians do it all the time . 
  they arrive in an eu country and work without permit . 
  i 've worked with credit card processors in europe , and when it comes to scams , these people and their banks wo n't do a god damn thing to hunt down credit card thiefs . 
  so , there 's that . 
  anyway , i 'm not really for comparing theft of money with taking pictures on public property , or playing music online , or fining someone based on an ip address . 
  it kinda looks diseased, 
  you can confess your sins in both . 
  lol , we also have `` limenke '' ... 
  her `` come on over '' ways of dealing with this whole crisis means she had control ... for about 3 seconds . 
  why does germany have to be such a cunt on the internet ? 
  `` oh no , someone 's going to take a picture of your house !, 
  quick , google , blur it all out ! '', 
  `` oh no , youtube is playing * music * without gema telling them they could !, 
  shut everything down ! '', 
  `` oh no , we think someone torrented some shitty tv show , better fine them 1000eur based on jack shit ! '', 
  seriously , germany , get your shit together !, 
  yay !, 
  can we into eu now ? 
  celebrate . 
  the refugees/migrants do n't want you . 
  they do n't want us . 
  we in serbia pride ourselves on being so nice and tolerant to these people , but they 're only here temporarily and do n't give two shits about serbia . 
  they 'll spend a euro or two buying a sandwich or a kebab , and they 'll quickly move on to some other country . 
  that 's it . 
  if they started to demand housing and allowance in serbia , we 'd lose our collective minds . 
  and churchill kinda liked stalin , too . 
  you 're kidding me , right ? 
  are you 8 ? 
  i know what the delta force is . 
  it 's the force that failed spectacularly in retrieving us embassy personnel in iran . 
  and it 's just a military unit made out of * people * . 
  and who are they going to fight ? 
  assad ? 
  assad is protected by the russians . 
  the rebels ? 
  probably not , and there 's tons of fractions . 
  isis ? 
  good luck finding them . 
  newsflash : nato forces are present in afghanistan and iraq , guess where isis is present ? 
  guess where the refugees are coming from ? 
  libya has been fucked up by nato forces ( mostly european ) , and now we 're getting tons of libyan refugees by boat as well . 
  this means you 've done jack shit regarding the overall security situation . 
  the invasion of iraq has been a failure , and there is a general consensus on that . 
  afghanistan is still a shithole as it 's always been , but maybe it would n't have been if the us did n't pour tons of money and weapons towards the religious fanatics known as the mujaheddin , who would eventually turn on all of us . 
  cut the captain america bullshit and grow the fuck up . 
  we have 3 choices to pick in syria : - the rebels - tons of factions , some are thugs and thieves , some are not - assad - a dictator - isis - nuff said unless you are planning on nuking the whole place , or sending in 100000 un troops there to create a puppet government and impose peace , the delta force , or whatever `` force '' you pick is going to do absolutely nothing . 
   and the delta force is a very real , very deadly sfod . 
  and they are going to do a whole fucking hell of a lot more than europe as whole , much less your country . 
  you are a prime candidate for / r/shitamericanssay , let me tell ya . 
  yes . 
  the `` delta force '' will solve everything . 
  and who will they be fighting ? 
  assad ? 
  the rebels ? 
  isis ? 
   after american intervention and nato bombardments over serbia , peace was finally sealed by the dayton agreement in november 1995 and a multinational nato-led force was deployed . 
  i believe that 's a typo . 
  serbia has n't been attacked by nato until 1999 . 
  anyway , i 've seen home videos and news videos made by people during the siege , and i ca n't really find many on youtube in their pure form ... here 's one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yjrxjg3cdm ladies and gentlemen - this is what `` modern '' warfare looks like . 
  this can happen to you . 
  bbc has regional news , as do many others ... and here in serbia we only have fucking rts , aka `` belgrade tv '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jn1x8rdzx0 we do have a regional rt vojvodina , but it 's still not regional enough : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccuu5wkhh7c&amp;t=6, 
  only idiots give these beggars money . 
  offer to buy them food , it will drive them away quicker than you can say `` flippety flop '' . 
  had a nice bottle of chimay yesterday . 
  so what ? 
  they 'll just congregate elsewhere . 
  big whoop . 
  kurwa time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-bgrekkjcg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3jxciwvccg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg0wnema41g, 
   scotland voted to stay and there will not be a second referendum . 
  why not ? 
  scotland voted in to stay in part because of collective eu membership . 
  if this changes , then what ? 
  sweet jesus ... 
  really ? 
  the eu border with hungary has an eu/eea/ch line . 
  why would the uk be excluded from that ? 
   an independent uk did i miss the memo ? 
  since when was the uk * not * independent ? 
   go join the russian customs union then . 
  hardcore anti-eu pro-russia parties ( which make up like ... 10 % of the voting body ? ), 
  are actually advocating joining the eurasian union . 
  while most of serbia 's diaspora lives in the eu , us , australia and canada . 
  i want the uk to stay , provided it 's people say goodbye to the fact that it 's not the 1900s anymore . 
  britain is not a huge powerhouse as it once has been , and they should realize that .
