  they wo n't adopt a british juche ideology or something . 
  nobody can go alone in this day and age . 
  the us is huge , and yet they 're a part of nafta and for military purposes have stuff like norad and nato . 
  china is huge , and yet maintains a grip on many countries nearby and is aiming for countries like the phillipines . 
  russia is huge , and yet they have [ cis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_independent_states ) . 
  if they went alone , they can * maybe * , just * maybe * squeeze through international trade and geopolitical activities . 
  but europe !? 
  a solo hungary , poland , spain , france , finland !? 
  please . 
  there are no more colonies nor satellite states like there once were , the rest of the world does n't live in mud huts anymore . 
  europe and the eu is all we have to protect us from the influence of international superpowers and retain our economical stability . 
  we could go about our lives alone , independent and isolated in our conservative microstates a century ago when we only needed some meat and grain to keep us alive , a few good books and perhaps some good hooch to ward off those boring winter nights . 
  maybe a simple am/longwave radio apparatus . 
  nowadays we need technology , rare earth metals , the exchange of knowledge , connectivity , oil , etc. 
  we wo n't be giving up our smartphones and our cars any time soon in order to prove a point . 
  we wo n't be manually plowing the fields anymore now that we know that we do n't have to . 
  so , yes , the eu wo n't collapse . 
  if it collapses , it will be replaced with another union . 
  if it fails to be replaced with another union , expect tons and tons of pure grade liquefied defecation to shit the fan , * especially * in the balkans , where old wounds still have n't healed . 
  then let it be an official requirement , instead of tippy-toeing around . 
  still , serbia has done plenty of un missions , many in subsaharan african nations . 
  i do n't think this is an issue , as long as it 's not nato and as long as these forces are not used for world-policing . 
   roaming charges this , alone , is the reason why i would enter the eu in a heartbeat . 
  without eu regulations , we 're at the mercy of the phone companies . 
  getting a 3000eur phone bill is apparently acceptable in serbia when you visit greece . 
  fun fact , in serbia , you can limit your phone bill . 
  let 's say ... 150eur . 
  once you reach 150eur , your outgoing call capabilities are shut off , as well as any internet & data functionality . 
  well , sounds nice , but operators exchange roaming information every day or two , and by the time your operator gets a set of charges , your bill will be way way more than 150eur . 
  it 's stable , war-free , which is a plus in itself . 
  but ... our pm vucic has n't * talked * with anyone for the past few years . 
  if he winds up in a tv show , he 'll either be on state tv , or the two privately owned television stations such as pink or happytv who refuse to ask any controversial questions . 
  if , by any chance , there is a call-in segment , seemingly `` random '' people call in to congratulate the pm for his wonderful work . 
  online , every news portal is plagued with what we call `` bots '' . 
  essentially , people with generic names praising the current government and vucic , with massive amounts of upvotes . 
  everyone who is critical of vucic and the government gets tons of downvotes , or thumbs down . 
  there have been numerous distributed vote-machine applications , but when captchas and similar protection mechanisms were introduced , the governing party `` sympathizers '' opened up a secret club online , a website where a moderator posts a link to a news story , and then you 're all supposed to visit it and `` voice your opinion '' . 
  this website is protected by a login page , the domain 's owner is unknown . 
  reddit is currently immune to this , but if reddit was a bigger platform in serbia , it , too , would see astroturfing in this magnitude . 
  this is n't my opinion , or my sole analysis , this is plainly documented : https://labs.rs/en/mapping-and-quantifying-political-information-warfare/ our free media are being shutdown . 
  nothing illegal , of course , it 's just that your advertisers and sponsors decide you 're just not the right fit for them . 
  if you 're controversial , you lose your funding and support . 
  b92 , a once popular opposition tv channel , no longer broadcasts political shows or anything critical of the government , but game shows , reality tv , shitty movies , etc. 
  most tv channels , apart from the cable station n1 , broadcast brain-damaging shit , and if a political topic is introduced in some talk show , it 's sanitized as to not criticize vucic . 
  when journalists manage to find vucic in a press conference and ask a tough question , he 'll get pissed and call them out , their tv station out , ask about their sources of funding , and then ultimately dodge the question only to say something like `` why did n't you ask me about xxx ? '', 
  ( replace xxx with a factory which vucic has supposedly opened up recently , or something `` good '' he has done recently ) . 
  massive amounts of populism unseen since the days of tito . 
  vucic and his compatriots are roaming around serbia , giving tons of taxpayer money as incentives to various companies so they produce a few hundred jobs . 
  tv cameras fucking everywhere . 
  in fact , a factory in my town ( owned by coca cola co. ) was shut down and tons of jobs were lost ... the same factory opened up near belgrade with half the capacity , and vucic was there to attend the `` ceremony '' . 
  the opposition is being crushed from all sides and is even being silenced in parliament . 
  an opposition representative in parliament asks to speak , and the chairman plainly ignores him . 
  when the opposition representative displays visible grief and tries to call out to the breach of parliament rules , he gets a `` warning '' , and then a `` second warning '' in which his wage is reduced by 25 % , and then a `` third warning '' which means he is ejected from the parliament hall . 
  all this within 30 seconds to a minute . 
  since the opposition ca n't get a voice , they have resorted to stuff like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbcy7rx8hsu&amp;t=6s these are papers printed out beforehand , containing pinocchio ( liar ) , and messages indicating that the speaker is in breach of a certain rule . 
  esentially , we 're under a `` legal dictatorship '' , but the eu wo n't do anything about it because vucic is playing nice with kosovo , is keeping the country stable , keeping the refugees at bay , and is ( as he claims ) `` on a path towards full eu membership '' . 
  after milosevic fell in 2000 , everything seemed to be going much , much better . 
  stores were full once again , gas was available , internet access was increasing and tech literacy was on the rise , we were meeting with eu and other world powers and were gaining respect in the international community . 
  most important of all , there were no more wars . 
  people , in general , were optimistic and thought the lost decade of the 90s has passed . 
  one of our singers called djordje balasevic sung a song called [ `` fuck you 90s '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=723wg0rkpse ) at that time , which really hit home . 
  `` the lord had smellt gunpowder , and ran away '' , was in one of the verses . 
  then there was a news report in 2003 , stating that the expected time for serbia to enter the eu was in 2012 . 
  i thought that was too long , but we 'll endure . 
  then our pm zoran djindjic was murdered , conservative parties took over , kosovo declared independence with full support from the us and most of the eu , thus giving rise to russophilia in serbia ... everyone felt betrayed . 
  and now it 's the year 2016 , almost 2017 , and we 're getting nowhere . 
  also , we have a semi-dictator in power who is fully supported by the eu because he keeps things in check . 
  this was not supposed to happen . 
  well , that 's to be understood , we also have old people pissed off at germany , but we also have younger people pissed off at nato . 
  still , such feelings should pass as time goes by . 
  hell , after ww2 , there was already a new european union in the works to prevent future misunderstandings and wars . 
  nevertheless , this `` hopefully never '' bullshit needs to stop . 
  if serbia is not welcome in the eu or the eea , such a thing needs to be said outright , and serbia will eventually seek other opportunities elsewhere . 
  i , personally , would be devastated if such a thing were to happen , but being straight with each other should be imperative . 
  with a history of `` fuck serbia '' and similar comments from you , i 'm honestly trying to find in which way are you contributing to the discussion . 
  why should n't serbia join ? 
  and what should serbia do in order to join ? 
  simple question , no ? 
  i plugged in my headphones ... for this ? 
   i rather be imprisoned for life in a dutch or danish prison than 40 years in a serbian prison . 
  the serbian prison system is quite liberal unless you 're a rapist , hard-core killer or similar . 
  after you 've proven yourself to be of good moral standing , you get to leave on weekends to go home to spend some time with your family , or wherever . 
  your sentence can always be reduced provided you 've presented yourself well to the authorities ( again , unless you 've fucked up really badly ) . 
  the msnbc series `` lockup '' has an episode on eastern europe prisons . 
  i can smell it from here ... 
   foul-bowelled hooligan i do n't even ... 
  was the same in serbia/the balkans until recently ... film was expensive , and you could n't risk it all on a bad smile . 
  look at the camera and shut up . 
  when having your picture taken for your ( mandatory ) id , you are n't supposed to smile . 
  needs some barbed wire for their safety . 
  unfortunately , the only thing the roma and the government agree on is segregation . 
  the roma wish to live separately with their `` own kind '' , while the government actively builds romani settlements , romani buildings , etc. 
  instead of simply treating them like any other citizen . 
  jesus fucking christ ... where was this ? 
  unfortunately , the cost of living in sweden is a teeny tiny bit higher . 
   90 % of our garbage men are gypsies you may be thinking of sanitation workers who pickup trash on the street or street sweepers ... 
  i believe many do n't have a steady job doing that , but i may be wrong . 
  honest question : what should we do ? 
  what should the state do ? 
  like , take away their children and put them into foster care ?
