  fortunately , all who took part in the insurgency were pardoned , if i remember correctly . 
  no action was taken against them . 
  if this had n't happened , we 'd end up with haradinaj x 100 these days . 
   so saying it was illegal is a baseless lie i never said it was illegal . 
  there 's no such thing as illegal in international politics . 
  \u0160e\u0161elj was set free by the icty ... that does n't make him a good guy . 
  what i did say is that these countries were n't independent for years and years , only to be suddenly attacked by serbia . 
  the issue was quite clear - serbian authorities tapped into the resources of serbian minorities in bosnia and croatia , thus creating a need for wars . 
  croatia and bosnia declaring independence did n't sit well with the serb minority , and with the huge amount of weapons amassed since the cold war , resources were n't an issue when sparking new conflicts . 
  since there were no minorities in macedonia or slovenia , nothing special ever happened over there . 
  serbia eventually lost `` territories '' in croatia , but gained republika srpska in bosnia . 
  similar can be said of albania with kosovo , macedonia and the presevo valley . 
  kosovo managed to get independent , presevo valley did not and macedonia ended up with the ohrid agreement . 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  humanity loses more , though . 
  so , to put it short , this was not a case of one country attacking another country ... it was a group of conflicts which were a part of the breakup of yugoslavia . 
  do realize that the concept of countries inside yugoslavia barely existed during tito . 
  original footage of train on its way to glorious holy land : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=codohpu_a8u, 
   everybody is a peculating what russia 's plan is behind serbia 's emboldment . 
  none . 
  presidential elections are coming up ... that 's about it . 
  it 's time to stop posting . 
  dude has like ... 12 % of popular support , or something ? 
  his presidency has been mostly non eventful and boring . 
  he obviously wants to change that . 
  okay , so ... montenegro attacking croatia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_dubrovnik albanian insurgency in macedonia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_insurgency_in_the_republic_of_macedonia croatian-bosniak wars : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croat%e2%80%93bosniak_war none of which have two shits to do with serbia whatsoever . 
  completely different countries . 
  serbia had conflicts with regions which had significant serbian populations in it , and that includes croatia , bosnia and kosovo \\* ( star ) . 
  it 's that simple . 
  `` yeah just no '' is n't an argument nor an answer . 
   if we 're using your logic , does that make serbia a `` fundamentalist christian terrorist '' actually , yes . 
  during the 90s , serbia could be classified as such . 
  christopher hitchens would have worded it a bit better , but yes . 
  spot on . 
  we interrupt this fear mongering circlejerk for the following feature presentation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgoxpw-igok https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mspqgu5jfs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6adggkwmjyi now go ahead and enjoy your sunday . 
  nobody actually gives two fucks about what nikolic says or thinks . 
  montenegro attacking croatia ... albanian insurgency in macedonia ... croatian-bosniak conflicts in bosnia ... also the recent diplomatic issues between croatia and slovenia , as well as montenegro and kosovo ... yeah , everyone fucking loves each other here in the merry ol' balkans . 
  do n't you dare take away that dank meme factory which is our president !, 
   other sovereign countries the whole point of the yugoslav wars was the issue with `` sovereignty '' of these countries . 
  quit playing dumb . 
  no , actually , they 're quite similar . 
  if not too similar . 
   serbian propaganda the whole crimea situation was n't even that talked about here , to be frank . 
  so , i guess crimea was just fine , then . 
  which is shit , compared to nato , i think we 'll both agree . 
   i just feel that this was never intended to improve the lives of people there , just provoke national feelings for the next election or whatever . 
  and thaci gave them what they wanted , a nice incident/conflict for the dumb hillbillies on both sides to talk about with their empty stomachs . 
  well , there was that refugee situation a while back , tons of albanians from kosovo ended up going through serbia and got stranded in my city of subotica . 
  to be honest , nobody gave a shit . 
  that , uh ... that looks like that russian company who made these trains did n't know the latin alphabet and decided to improvise . 
  that 's what they say about the trains from my town to novi sad/belgrade , but people still use it . 
  it 's cheaper . 
  well , you did get that nice `` ibrahim rugova highway '' , so there 's that . 
   people from that region fighting for their rights that 's bs and you know it . 
  the insurgency was going on even when milosevic was taken down . 
  the real cause was secessionist activities and albanian nationalism . 
  or would you concede that the serbs in croatia were fighting for their rights during the 90s ? 
  err ... 
  there was a bus carrying some old folks for orthodox christmas to a monastery in kosovo , and it got stoned ( yet again ) . 
  this shit happens all the time and nobody cares . 
  it 's 2nd page news even in serbia , at best . 
  the train getting attacked would n't be that important . 
  what is important is - votes . 
  if the train were to get through , it would be declared a decisive victory for the people of the north in kosovo ... meaning - more votes !, 
  if the train did n't pass ( which it did n't ) , there would surely be an incident ( which did occur ) and then vucic and his comrades come out and state that the kosovo government is losing their shit over a simple train . 
  division , warmongering , etc. . . meaning - more votes !, 
  in the field of international politics , nobody 's really paying attention to the balkans right now , so the time is ripe for our silly balkan shitholes to poke each other around . 
  keep in mind , serbian presidential elections are coming up . 
  fuel is needed for the fire . 
   freedom and self determination every time you use these words i get a strong urge to puke . 
  north kosovo wants to break off and join serbia . 
  can it do so ? 
  why not ? 
  republika srpska joining serbia ? 
  north of vojvodina joining hungary ? 
  how about herceg bosna joining croatia ? 
  western parts of macedonia joining albania ? 
  we can do this all fucking day , and we 'll just end up with body bags . 
   does your media report truth about what is going on ? 
  yes . 
   and how much bullshit this is ? 
  because then it would n't be * news * , would it ? 
  news outlets have accurately reported everything there is to be known about this situation . 
  as for the bullshit part , that 'll appear as soon as monday arrives and talk shows start airing . 
  and yes , people are facepalming all over the internet and it 's not even sunday yet . 
   sadly the only people that are losing here are the serbian minority living in kosovo that 's bull . 
  we 're all losing . 
  you 're losing . 
  kosovo having access to serbia 's transportation system would be great ( once the visas are out of the picture , one day ) ... but with this kind of shit , the division is getting stronger and we 're getting nowhere . 
   train are full of typos apparently that was in slovakian ( `` srbsko '' ) , so it was n't a typo . 
  still , shit design , stupid political maneuver . 
  not surprised whatsoever . 
  devil 's advocate : accepting kosovo 's independence means showing one 's belly . 
  it also revives the question of republika srpska , and i really do n't want another bosnian war . 
  i would gladly accept any train with painted on cocks and albanian flags , as long as there are some trains running in this shithole . 
   the kla never fought in any territory outside of what is kosovo now https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/insurgency_in_the_pre%c5%a1evo_valley a small name change does n't change things . 
  so ... republika srpska and that retard dodik joining serbia is just fine with you , i guess ? 
  you 're thinking of nato . 
  dude , you live in the balkans ... how do you not know this already ? 
  i mean , for fuck 's sake , look at your own government and their budget allocations ... exact same crap .
