  there 's his name erected on a fountain in subotica . 
   i do n't want to post graphic pictures here but i can if you guys want . 
  please do . 
  then others will post graphic pictures of their victims . 
  and so on and so on . 
  i 've lost family members to the croatian usta\u0161e in ww2 , to the germans , my family members were fired at by serbs and one was killed , and another was killed by bosnian muslims . 
  what should ** i ** do , exactly ? 
  a decade or so after ww2 , germany and france have started creating new alliances and erasing borders . 
  and yet , 16 years after the war , what are y' all doing in kosovo , exactly ? 
  they are n't religious extremists , and i hope it stays that way , but they are extremely nationalistic , even more so than the average on the balkans . 
  a few serbs wanted to go over and visit a destroyed church , but apparently that 's too much to ask . 
  so multicultural , i can already feel it, 
   yeah the situation does n't look good but we are not a failure sir dude ... just recently i 've had tons of kosovo albanians trying to illegally cross the border with hungary near me , along with the pakistanis , syrians and afghanis !, 
  http://www.slobodnaevropa.org/a/migrantski-put-kosovara-ovde-vise-nema-nade/26826053.html eu representatives needed to assure everyone that no one coming from kosovo had any chance for asylum in order to stop this massive immigration wave . 
  i know you may think you 're not a failure , but you are . 
  i think serbia is a failure as well , if that 's of any help , but do n't just take it from me , here 's the failed state index : http://fsi.fundforpeace.org/map/2016heatmap.png, 
   you should be extremely thankful un and nato did not do the same thing in belgrade , they had every justification for it . 
  you are a dumb , clueless psychopath ( un bombing belgrade ... come on ... ) . 
  either that , or a kid behind a keyboard who thinks war is something you do with your wow guild . 
  furthermore , you 've narrowed down this whole civil war down to a few conflicts . 
  it 's much , much more complicated than that . 
  this is n't a disney movie where you can pinpoint the baddie and root for your favorite princess ... yugoslavia was a very diverse place and you simply ca n't boil the whole thing down to `` serbs did this , croats did that '' . 
  i 've lost friends and family in serbia , croatia and bosnia . 
  my friends and family have been shot at , sniped at , bombed , shelled , etc. 
  ** and i ca n't pinpoint the blame on any ethnicity or nationality . 
  ** and yet you think you can ? 
  please , do enlighten me . 
  i live in szabadka , and you 're overreacting or are listening to some jobbik bullshit . 
  what is true is that there was massive corruption when these refugees came to vojvodina , because they needed jobs and places to stay , and thus were given preference in many areas . 
  other serbs , hungarians , croats , etc. 
  were left out . 
  after the us involvement in the middle east , should we not feel bad about the victims of 9/11 ? 
  after what the french did in algeria , should we not feel bad for the victims of all terrorist attacks in france ? 
  after what the germans did in two world wars , why the hell did n't we just annihilate them all ? 
  the lack of empathy in this sub is really too much . 
  i 've payed for netflix here and we all enjoyed it because i managed to go through a vpn and watch the us netflix library . 
  now that netflix has cracked down on vpns and has left us with a fraction of the shows we got to watch , i 've cancelled my netflix membership . 
  i 've tried to pay for spotify , but it wo n't let me . 
  says my country is not supported . 
  i wanted to give you my money , but apparently y' all do n't give a fuck . 
  if it were up to sony , viacom and other fucktards , we 'd all be using drmed cds or cartridges to play our music and shows , and they would self destruct after 3 viewings . 
  yeah , leave , do n't leave , yadda yadda ... 
  but nigel fucking farage is popping up all over the news and twitter !, 
  you 're telling me that the eu is worse than a future with that sorry motherfucker ? 
  seriously ? 
  / pol / is really happy about this , so there 's that . 
   massive global power of course , back when eastern europe was behind the iron curtain , china was scraping dust for rice , the commonwealth meant something , and the colonies were submissive . 
  welcome to 2016 . 
   you 're not in the eu anyway !, 
  yup , and we 're one closed off bunch without any economic perspective . 
  please follow our lead . 
  the eu falling apart means new conflicts and new borders ... just what we need in the 21st century . 
  i 'm sure the uk ( if there is a uk left after this ) wo n't really do well in a conflicted continent . 
  god damn , that england/scotland divide ... jebus ... 
  you could have been a part of the reform , instead you 're taking the ball and leaving the playground because you want to go play alone . 
  hey man , we 're the best ottoman province of all time . 
  of all time !, 
  \\  implying kosovo, 
  bremain ? 
  this is a thing now ? 
  you 're useless !, 
  what do we pay you for anyway ? 
  what happened and when ? 
  germany should be at the bottom list . 
  gema crap and all that , also , if someone downloads something illegal over your connection , it 's your fault . 
  eheh-heh ... well , it should , but imagine a watered down beer : you pour it , and there should be a head - a nice foam , but there is n't one , it just flattens down like you just poured a can of cola . 
  you take a sip , there 's a generic bitter taste , but then you swallow and it tastes like carbonated water . 
  that 's about it . 
  maybe a soft burp afterwards could give you some extra taste with other shitty beers , but not this one . 
  i 'm sure a beer expert could explain it better , but it 's just crap . 
  if i were a sociopathic nutjob , aka - erdogan , i would do my best to prevent my people from travelling abroad . 
  i would rather close them in and try to blame their plight on the eu . 
  the lowenbrau crap they brew here in serbia costs like 0.5 eur and tastes like beer-flavored carbonated water . 
  kosovo is a shithole . 
  and like any shithole , people are jobless and lack perspective , therefore dicking around with extremist views is to be expected . 
  serbia had these views during the early 90s . 
  former nice priests who kept their mouths shut during tito suddenly started blessing bearded thugs carrying weapons , calling for the killing of muslims and the shunning of nonbelievers . 
  expect crap like this to happen in divided macedonia as well . 
  the people emigrating are n't the middle class . 
  they 're the top and bottom of society . 
  the top manages to get working visas , the bottom try and mooch off asylum-bucks . 
  and eventually the bottom gets deported back here only to repeat the process all over again . 
  what you 're left with is an aging society without the top thinkers and intelligentsia . 
  then i have them confused with sweden , who refuse to publish such statistics . 
   they 're leaving because all of the balkans is a shithole . 
  economic migration from the balkans can only be a positive thing for western european countries . 
  pretty much , yes , but i 'm afraid this huge brain drain will leave southern/eastern european countries in ruins , which is something the eu does n't want . 
  the crime statistics are bs , as the police usually do n't report data on nationality . 
   also , serbia was n't far behind albania in fake refugees . 
  errr ... http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:countries_of_origin_of_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_seekers_in_the_eu-28_member_states , _ 2014_and_2015 _ ( thousands_of_first_time_applicants ) _ yb16.png and anyway , most of our refugees are romani families , many of which who fled from kosovo , and some presevo valley albanians . 
  bosnia does n't function . 
  not by a long shot . 
  i 've been to my uncle 's funeral on saturday , and my relatives from bosnia are all pretty much preparing to leave . 
  they say that their muslim neighbors are poor as shit , and yet are more concerned about building cheap , makeshift mosques than they are in bettering the region . 
  you 're underestimating the lengths of balkan pride and stubbornness . 
  and it 's kinda stupid to be requesting serbia to recognize kosovo when even certain eu countries have n't done so . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/albanians-rejected-in-germany-try-holland-instead-11-04-2015  over the course of this year , some 45,000 albanians came to germany in order to apply for asylum . 
  although 99 per cent of these asylum requests in germany are refused , only a fraction of have been deported back to their country of origin . 
  some of those who where rejected in germany are heading for the netherlands . 
   recognition of kosovo will be be a requirement .
