  the design is shit , and any self respecting priest would condemn such a retarded display . 
   but what about his students who are now in power ? 
  get this through your head : they do n't care . 
  greater serbia ? 
  it was all just a nice show which allowed them to gain power and wealth . 
  now that such an idea has been done to death ( literally ) , they 're milking something else . 
  i hate sns as much as the next guy , but come on ... realize that they never cared about `` greater serbia '' at all , if ever . 
  those close ties which serbia harbors with russia ? 
  yeah , they 're not there because serbia just * loves * russia to bits ... it 's for the veto power russia holds . 
  as long as that 's in place , kosovo wo n't enter the un . 
   btw cyprus and kosovo are 2 different cases whatever helps you sleep at night , buddy . 
  i do n't see why you should n't welcome refugees . 
  the only think you 've realized is that these people are n't refugees at all . 
  well , yeah , i had an idea ... 
  but why so suddenly and en masse ? 
   a lot of people 's life goal is to go and live there for fuck 's sake yes , i know , you were in my neighborhood recently , alongside the syrians and afghans , trying to cross over to hungary ... had no idea what the hell was going on or what the hell prompted so much people to gather up at the pristina bus station to come over . 
  interests . 
  will serbia get anything out of it ? 
  well , there 's your answer . 
  also , recognizing kosovo will mean russophilic nationalists will call for the recognition of crimea and eventually the separation of the republic of srpska from bosnia . 
  there 's also the issue of displaces serbs , and tons of displaced romanis , which will come back to haunt you sooner or later . 
   albanians at the time were not allowed in the serb military anymore . 
  which time was that ? 
  serious question . 
   the government needed to stop being so loyal to brussels and vocalise the potential destruction brexit posed . 
  well , of fucking course you should . 
  if everyone had the guts to say it , maybe we would n't even be in this mess in the first place . 
  it should be read , or at least not banned . 
  it 's like telling your kid not to touch that stupid box you 've got stashed in the corner of your room ... he 's gon na touch it just because . 
  man , i can stand that germanic font for titles ... but using it for the whole damn text ? 
  it 's like that guy from the office who really likes comic sans . 
  you 'll have more luck funding it on irc ( #bookz ) . 
   i think hitler was a political genius * for his time * . 
  it was easy to blame the jews for everything ... who are they going to turn to ? 
  their own country ? 
  pfft . 
  same goes for the gypsies and the gays . 
  no one was there to accept them or to defend them . 
  a perfect scapegoat . 
  even the `` untermenschen '' slavs were just fine when it came to occupied serbia , independent croatia , etc. 
  we 're not in the eu , and it does n't bother us one bit . 
  ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ send ^ ^ ^ help, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_belts_of_europe#/media/file:alcohol_belt.png you 're part of the beer belt . 
  you can not leave . 
  [ ** ever . 
  ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1q2f_18cjg ), 
  my friend lives in thionville and he takes offence to this statement . 
  he also works in luxembourg . 
   which did n't happen . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unification_of_albania_and_kosovo  the ahtisaari plan conditioned kosovo 's independence by adopting a multiethnic `` kosovar , '' rather than an albanian identity . 
  still , gallup surveys revealed that 75 % of kosovo albanians would prefer to live unified with albania in the same country . 
  the same support was seen in albania where 68 % of the citizens of albania preferred a unification of albania with kosovo it wo n't happen because that 's not what was negotiated with any western power . 
  kosovo is supposed to be a `` free , independent , multiethnic state '' . 
  if it were to join albania , shit would hit the fan . 
  that does n't mean most of kosovo and albania does n't support such an idea . 
  still , does n't matter ... it would pass , as all serbs , romanis and many others have been driven out . 
   the only united nations member who recognised the republic of kosova was albania yeah ... 
   in fact a lot of romanians from romania call themselves moldovans that 's ... actually slightly hilarious . 
   only 15 % of brits feel european . 
  i 'd say you 're both . 
  people came from the east , and then they came ( or were brought from ) the west . 
  there 's a bit of everything . 
  the most troubling issue is your religion ( since 9/11 and amplified by the migrant crisis ) . 
  nobody will say it outright , but it 's true . 
  islam used to be considered to be romantic , exotic ... now it 's , well , you get it . 
  you were a scarecrow during the brexit campaign : http://i.imgur.com/yyaq5oy.jpg, 
   la chouffe nigga , do you even westmalle ? 
  with the number of eu citizens currently working in the uk , i 'm guessing this is gon na be interesting to watch . 
   this has been the norm for as long as i remember . 
  this . 
  you can seek refuge or assistance from any eu country 's embassy . 
   with the uk gone i do n't think they 'll even leave . 
  sure , they may `` leave the eu '' , but they 'll stay inside the european free market and very little will change . 
  that way , those who depend on the eu will be fine , and those who hate it will be all like `` hurray , we left !, 
  our refugees are relatively docile . 
  there have been a few stabbings between themselves , and trespassing/petty theft on other people 's property ... but most of the time , they behave . 
  i do n't know if it 's because such crimes go unreported , or because our police and military have a `` did n't see anything '' policy when it comes to dealing a few hits with their police batons . 
  witnessed it myself a few years ago - police chasing migrants and beating them into submission because they refused to comply . 
  nowhere to be reported . 
  this should be a un issue . 
  wo n't accept your own fucking citizens back ? 
  here , have some sanctions . 
  giving citizenship to people means having at least some level of responsibility towards those people . 
   we bribe people from the balkans to cooperate in going home ( so that they can come again for a couple 1000 euro 's ) those are mostly the romani , redneck albanians or dumbass `` 4 years of basic education '' serbs . 
  they will not be able to travel back to collect those couple thousand euros , so they legally change their name , get a new passport , and then try to come over . 
  use fingerprinting , for the love of god , and send them packing . 
   serbia : 35 anecdote : there was one guy on a regional online forum who was asking how to check whether he was barred from entering the eu ( sweden ) due to his refused asylum request in germany . 
  he almost got ( virtually ) fucking lynched right there and then . 
  there he was , a jerkface who went to germany to seek asylum , only to return home with some extra cash , and now he wants to fly to sweden to meet up with an old friend !, 
  send them all back and do n't give them a single fucking cent . 
  we had to stand in line at the hungarian consulate just to get a visa to visit szeged a bit , and most of us were refused . 
  this was only a few years ago . 
  and now these fuckers are ruining the reputation of our shitty passport , and soon enough we 'll have to stand in lines for visas again !, 
  what about in english ? 
  which language do the roma speak ? 
  since when ? 
  first of all , there are way , way more people who already know mandarin and have learned a second language than there are people who know a e.g. 
  english or french and have learned mandarin . 
  the language is tonal , meaning just a minor slip up in how you pronounce a word can butcher up everything . 
  it will take more years than you can imagine to learn it , and even then you 'll have issues with it .
