just a note on the giraffe thing , it was pretty misrepresented in the media here . 
  they had to get rid of it so that the giraffe population does n't have mutant incestbabies that will cause breeding problems for generations to come . 
  giraffes are very expensive to keep , by destroying it they freed up room and resources for the next generation . 
  perfectly logical course of action . 
  i should point out that uranium is by and large an alpha emitter , not gamma - at energies unable to penetrate the skin . 
  as long as you do n't eat a chunk of yellowcake it 's safe . 
  gloves are sufficient protection to handle raw uranium and a kilo would be easy enough to handle . 
  a kilo of co2 on the other hand would occupy ~ 5000 cubic meters ( thanks wolfram ! ), 
  a cube ~ 17 meters per side or a sphere of 10m radius at s.t.p. 
  - this would be tricky to handle without some kind of containment , but very fun were it in a balloon . 
  i agree with all other points though - we should be making use of every energy source we have available and prioritising those with the lowest price per kwh . 
  renewables are very appealing at the moment because of the low unit cost , but i feel nuclear wins out for efficiency . 
  breeder reactors are pretty cool , they 'll be able to suck up waste with little trouble - and fusion is only ~ # 50 billion away now , about what the uk is spending to cut train journeys from london to birmingham by ~ 30 minutes , which is fucking ridiculous but that 's a story for another day . 
  my mistake , after reading up , it looks like it 's a uk institutional thing to avoid confusion with the north . 
  thanks !, 
  last i checked it was only the northern counties of the island of ireland that are a constituent country of the uk . 
  ` ireland ' in the case of this article refers to the country known as the republic of ireland , as it has colloquially around the world for the past 90 years . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're suggesting with that second sentence - that the north is somehow excluded from being part of the british isles ? 
  do they not pay tax on their profits ? 
  thanks giving up nuclear , germany !, 
  it 's a bit muddier than that i 'm afraid . 
  sometimes protectionism works - but it 's very much on a case by case basis . 
  iirc in the 50 's & 60 's , many of europe 's car manufacturers were losing a lot of money . 
  the uk let their 's go bust whilst germany supported theirs with protectionist policies - which country produces more cars today do you think ? 
  another example for gov ' t intervention would be oyster fishing . 
  back in the early 20th century oysters were a pretty big staple foodstuff for both the uk and france , they were being pretty heavily overfished and govt . 
  reports in both countries warned of a looming crisis . 
  france introduced regulation to cap fishing and allow the population to recover and the uk let fishing continue unhindered citing each oyster producing millions of spawn . 
  oysters are now a delicacy in the uk , but are still a staple in many french kitchens . 
  to be fair , it works best in a `` weathering the storm '' sort of application when it 's protecting the market from a dip in demand , waiting for it to recover . 
  the cap seems to be more about keeping europe 's ability to make it 's own food . 
  without it , a lot of farmers would go bust , land prices would tank and we 'd either see farming the realm of large corporations/conglomerates or see massive expansion in building work as the cheap land got gobbled up to make cheap housing . 
   hurr durr british bad and stupid . 
  i 'm going to overgeneralise a million little issues because someone who 's been up for 16 hours and coding for 12 said one thing on an internet message board . 
  i meant more for the penchant for everything to be euro < insert whatever here  , everything sort of merges into one after a while . 
  i 'd say the euro-skepticism stems more from vested interests in london worried that moving power to brussels might affect the cushy little corrupt setup they 've got on the go . 
  so only nations that use the euro . 
  i get confused easily when all of these euroterms are being thrown about . 
  so the uk 's agreed to this too ? 
  i 'm surprised more of a fuss has n't been made . 
  i 'd have thought the vested interests in the city \u2122 would have done their best to shut this down or shut us out . 
  do you think she 'd send herself a telegram ? 
  you might not want to take north and south america as an example of successful immigration ... sure , there are many successful countries , but the native population did n't exactly come out of those periods strongly . 
  in fact , i 'd challenge you to find a single migration in all of history which happened without immigrant-on-native violence . 
  i feel like a lot of this anti-immigrant sentiment is from people asking ` why should we set ourselves on fire to keep you warm ? ', 
  and the perception that many of these ` refugees ' appear to be solely economic migrants from comparitively stable countries in africa rather than syria/iraq . 
  they want to immigrate permanently , but they do n't have language or technical skills to integrate and we do n't have the jobs to give them - and every qualified , smart , ambitious person we let in , we 're actually depriving that country of that person for their labour force , perpetuating the cycle as their native country does n't improve . 
  it 's all too much bother , we do n't have to take these migrants , why should we ? 
  i mean i 'm all for looking after refugees in a brief time of need , but i 've seen articles reporting that 60-80 % of these people are men who think they can get rich by just being in europe . 
  do you think they 'll just quietly go home when that does n't turn out to be the case ? 
   reinvading that 's pretty loaded language for a nuanced conflict . 
  the us declared war on the uk ... 
  i guess they 're skirting slander laws until it 's fully confirmed . 
  that or they 're all doing the same shit and noone wants to be the first to open the can of worms by reporting on someone else doing it . 
  yeah , the 48 % are all young , rich and/or university educated ( for that tech advantage ) . 
  it 'd be a wash . 
  uk referendums are non-binding anyway . 
  they 're essentially there to give a broad idea of ` what the people want ' , in all honesty i can see article 50 being postponed to an early general election called just after the new labour and tory leaders are chosen , and if a government is elected on a pro-eu mandate , which is likely after this chaos . 
  it 's likely article 50 is n't invoked at all . 
  weirdly , best positioned to take advantage of the chaos are the lib dems right now . 
  we should see some massive surges . 
  why would we want to move troops east though ? 
  it 's the queen of canada is it not ? 
   the health tourism they bang on about is n't poles though do the daily mail readers understand that though ? 
   unless you 're a raving imperialist who refuses to accept that other nations do n't want to be ruled by britain . 
  lol , grow up . 
  i mean , iceland and the faroes are n't on the same continental shelf so it 's hard to argue that they 're in the same chain . 
  i disagree with your main point though , there needs to be a shorthand geographical term . 
  it would be like referring to the greater antilles as cuba and dominica , completely ignoring jamaica , puerto rico etc. 
  i mean , albion 's just great britain is n't it ? 
  that 's sort of like calling oceania the ` isles of australia ', 
  very . 
  you 'd like to think we could put it all behind us , but it 's not an easy web to untangle , especially when such wildly different things are being taught in schools that turn every discussion into a bit of a shitshow . 
  you could write a doctoral thesis on the names of these islands and still be no closer to a satisfactory solution for all parties . 
  we could always go for something out of left field like ` antipodean oceania ' just to mess with the most people . 
  we have special clouds on these islands , they go closer to the sun so as to obscure it more efficiently . 
   european isles of ireland and britain and mann and white and jersey and guernsey and the hebrides and orkney and faroe and the bajillion other little ones i forgot, 
  yeah , they 're not great . 
  i suppose it 's easy when the known world is n't as large . 
  huh , well til , i always thought they were separate for being close to france . 
  this whole naming thing really is a mess is n't it . 
  so what was the archipelago called in the intervening period ? 
  maybe we could go with that ? 
  these gorgeous islands, 
  we do sort of need a group term for the archipelago though . 
  ` britain & ireland ' is entirely acceptable for talking about people and politics , but not so much for the physical island chain i quite like the ` these islands ' get-around , but i 'm not sure it 's a long term solution . 
  maybe we should have a big vote or something , call them ` isley mcisland-face ', 
   why is n't iceland called a british isle ? 
  for the same reasons the channel islands are n't british isles , even though they 're crown dependencies . 
  the distinction is geographical , not political . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with that . 
  i think you 'd be hard pressed to find a hardcore imperialist nowadays . 
  i think the issue is with the conflation of geographical and political terms and with ` british ' overwhelmingly being associated in the popular consciousness as the colloquialism for the political uk ( united-kingdom-ish does n't exactly roll off the tongue . 
  nor does scots-eng-wel-norire-manx-wigh-ork-etc . - ish ) now i understand why anyone with any familiarity with irish history and politics would want to distance themselves from that , but the * archipelago * that we live on has always been the * british isles * historically and replacement terms such as ` britain and ireland ' are n't semantically complete as they leave out the smaller isles , have unacceptable redundancy ( ` british isles & ireland ' ) or unintentionally include places like brittany in france ( the ` little ' to the archipelago 's ` great ' ) so we either need to come up with a better name to refer to the archipelago as a whole or just accept that it 's a geographical term now and nothing more . 
  personally i quite like ` these islands ' , avoiding all the politics quite nicely , but i 'm not sure it 's a particularly long term solution . 
  tl ; dr : ` british & irish ' is entirely acceptable when referring to the people & politics , just does n't really work geographically . 
  was anything donated back ? 
  i 'd find the exchange of building material between the two sort of beautiful, 
  late august/early september iirc , you want to go while it 's still warm but early/late so you avoid midges, 
  same , although i 'm sure tickets for both would sell out !,
