drivel that they should keep to themselves , but do n't . 
  it also does n't help that everybody speaks english, 
  why ? 
  genuinely curious, 
   all this says is you ca n't live in a different country to your children , and still claim child benefit on their behalf . 
  someone pointed on out / r/unitedkingdom that at least economically speaking it 's cheaper for the uk to pay child benefits for a child that lives in another country than to have the child living in uk . 
  the ideal scenario at least from uk 's government perspective would be for migrants working there to not have any children at all . 
  also : [ romania ex-pm adrian nastase jailed in bribery case ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25630091 ), 
  i 'll drink to that tonight, 
  says the american, 
  some romas are romanians, 
  a comedian made this joke on some panel show from uk . 
  laughed my ass of, 
  my bad, 
  it 's italy actually, 
   i wonder how many of these people dancing to this song would understand the lyrics . 
  all of them . 
  it 's english , it 's pretty universally spoken and understood especially among young people . 
  edit : spelling, 
   you contribute nothing that 's cause he 's a troll, 
  heterosexual prick waving, 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  kishinow . 
  something like that, 
  so that why he 's tagged troll . 
  there are 3 users that i tagged troll in this thread . 
  every time there is a thread about migration and race they come out of the woods to feed on our attention . 
   saab has started manufacturing cars again . 
  do you have any idea who bought them ? 
  edit : spelling, 
   a slovak raped a monkey slovaks look worse in this joke than the hungarians . 
  how about uk stops vetoing everything so we can make some progress . 
  good thing you 're not running the eu then . 
  edit : spelling, 
  clarkson 's head is gon na explode . 
   so you might do well to hush your gums until you start giving money instead of taking it . 
  so wait . 
  because romania takes more money out of the eu than it contributes that means we 're not entitled to an opinion ? 
   warm moist ? 
  sorry , i 'll see my self out . 
  the high speed railway would be from constanta-bucharest-arad . 
  so from est to west, 
  you guys are the winterfell of europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure you just posted a comment from another account and replied to your self . 
  i knew there was a reason you 're tagged fucktard . 
  i hope you get banned for spamming , but then again you 'll just make another account and troll some more . 
  i hope you 're a troll , cause if you 're not then that just means you 're very stupid and that is sad . 
  still waiting on that source . 
  i accept even daily mail articles , anything . 
  give me a fucking source and i 'll read it . 
  or shut up and go back to the daily mail comment section . 
   every political party in the uk has come out against it . 
  against what ? 
  if you do n't give me a source it 's just you making noise . 
  i 've heard no political party has come against it . 
  oh so now you speak for the whole country ? 
  it 's not just your country . 
  there are another 63mil people living in uk . 
   or romania is a horrible place , or she is cheating on him . 
  yeah , i have an ex living abroad and we always meet and hangout when she visits romania . 
  what 's up with this guy . 
  is he trying to steer public attention from something or he is just very sexually frustrated ? 
  and [ irr\u00e9versible ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290673/combined ), 
  seeing that crimes went down over the years . 
  someone must have been doing the stabbing before emigrants arrived . 
  so before emigrants arrived in london there where no stabbings and muggings ? 
  i hoped it was a tardis, 
   they want to turn back the clock and cancel the treaty of trianon, 
  hilarious , this is some hangover stuff right here . 
  yeah but circlejerk . 
  votes not gon na stop people rushing in the uk . 
  you should build a wall . 
  cross post it to / r/europics, 
  wooooow . 
  now i know what that is . 
  you would rub it on your forehead if your had a headache . 
  i wan na know what do you do cause i 'm gon na come there and steal your job . 
  if i ca n't do that i 'm gon na abuse your welfare system . 
  i think they understand perfectly , but just do n't care . 
  i got france . 
  i think eu has way more leverage over the deal that canada . 
  so if they actually try to veto the deal , canada will play along . 
  but again i do n't think they will . 
  it 's just something a politician has said . 
   romanian gypsies are already trying to enter canada illegally from the us on a regular basis . 
  and they 'll cheep coming with or without the visa free deal . 
  can we have a day on / r/europe when we just curs at one another , just to blow some steam ? 
  hey man . 
  keep it civilized . 
   live in a democracy and can express my opinion however i like . 
  true that . 
  only that people are not going to take you seriously if you do n't express them in a more ore less civilized manner . 
   and no - i do not think bulgaria or romania are ready to join schengen . 
  sorry if that hurts your feelings . 
  can you elaborate on that ? . 
  or is just that you do n't want it and that 's that . 
  and do n't give that roma are going to abuse your social system bullshit or that romania is corrupt , cause that is not what schengen is . 
  romania and bulgaria have significantly improved since the 're in the eu . 
  which would not have been possible with out joying the union imo . 
  also  i 'm not anti romania .
