  but there must be someone protecting that building that is n't drunk that is armed . 
  yep . 
  slightest criminal record and you 're banned . 
  in uk this is . 
  what country are we talking about ? 
  the exclusion list in uk is as long as my arm . 
  a driving offence bans you from owning a gun here . 
  any excuse for them . 
  the point is we 're coming from two fundamentally different positions . 
  i can admit i do not understand your position . 
  it is beyond my thinking . 
  to not have the freedom to protect myself wherever i am and to pass responsibility for my wellbeing and safety on to someone else is just something that my mind ca n't comprehend . 
  maybe you should admit you do n't understand my position . 
  you do n't feel like your wellbeing is your responsibility . 
  you 've been looked after by authority your whole life and '' self-defence '' is just something you see on ju jitsu videos on youtube , not an actual thing you are responsible for and could save your life . 
  i learned this after greenfell . 
  two people can not argue if the positions they are coming from are totally alien to each other . 
  very simple when you put it like that . 
  now stop being disingenuous and list the exclusions . 
  so this was within the last 2 months then ? 
  and google has just conveniently forgotten about it ? 
  thats the problem :( not emotional about it though . 
  in the situations like this we have put ourselves in as a species the weak will die first . 
  i can deal with that . 
  and at their funerals we can all pat ourselves on the back and tell ourselves how great we are for not having a gun that requires a human to operate . 
  because we 're so civilised . 
  are n't we cool . 
  you 're the one that seems emotional . 
  i actually give so little fucks you ca n't imagine . 
  unarmed populace works fine for me . 
  i got my crossbows . 
  whoa !, 
  good job that dead person waited for the police !, 
  a good little citizen . 
  of course he had no choice . 
  but you know that . 
  would n't hold her hands down . 
  just would ignore and continue on my way . 
  cut the bullshit . 
  i do n't give a fuck about you , you do n't give a fuck about me and you can pretend it 's different if it makes you feel better but it 's not . 
  i 'd much rather stay quiet and enjoy watching it unfold . 
  not my problem . 
  was n't a very good help . 
  so he shot his way in ? 
  if only there was someone that could have helped . 
  german values are not western values . 
  germans just tell you they are . 
  i 'm not speaking for myself . 
  if we 're being literal they 're not banned in the uk either . 
  making it impossible to obtain is pretty much a ban . 
  was the person that shot the place up let in ? 
  clearly . 
  you just do n't get it do you ? 
  what is '' allowed '' is not what criminals are doing . 
  all you do by banning self defence is giving the criminals an upper hand . 
  because when you ban guns only the criminals have guns . 
  this really is n't rocket science . 
   still do n't see why you have to have a rifle in your house , there are other solutions it 's not something you can understand . 
  you have grown up in a society where you are not responsible for your own safety . 
  you are like a child . 
  you have no idea what the real world is actually like . 
  you have no idea what it means to be responsible for yourself and protect yourself and your family . 
  just because it is alien to you does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  in fact , a lot of people in this world will see your naivety as more dangerous than anything else . 
  that and the envy they feel that you grew up so coddled . 
  i reckon there 's a few people that just attended a nightclub and really could have done with a means to protect themselves . 
  it 's ok though , they 're dead now so they ca n't disagree with you . 
  hahaha . 
  so naive . 
   gun used was m16 ( !, 
  ) , will be interesting to find out how he got his hands on that . 
  police spokesman said that `` unfortunately there is a market for this stuff '' . 
  note : a weapon like that can not be legally owned in germany . 
  and this is why americans find it so easy in arguments over the 2nd amendment . 
  when you ban means to protect yourselves , only the criminals can protect themselves . 
  of course it is . 
  why should our arms industry miss out on opportunity when the competition are filling their boots ? 
  yes they do . 
  so does everyone else . 
  i was just joking . 
  sorry it turned in to this . 
  is n't it pretty much '' i ca n't be arsed '' ? 
  or '' i do n't want to '' if we 're talking all proper . 
  what about him ? 
  i worship no one . 
  what are you talking about silly boy ? 
  pussy ran away and left other men to fight for him in afghanistan . 
  any fighter would love to get in the ring with this hearltess pussy . 
  easy w. 
   had been told to leave the country what the hell did you do ? 
  ask them nicely ? 
  i 'm not getting defensive . 
  simply stating why i was n't buying european cars . 
  did look defensive but i 'm really not bothered . 
  it 's a car . 
  not like i 'll be racing it , it 's just for work and family . 
   but seriously ... american large market cars just are n't that good , methinks . 
  they should either be cheaper , or made better . 
  i agree . 
  still got the japanese .
