  but japanese cars have always struck me as bland . 
  last two cars were audi . 
  current one is a vw . 
  i made the decision for my next car not to be german or french . 
  if i 'm so stupid and you want to laugh and mock me for the decisions we make as a population then i 'll take my stupid , dumb , oh and of course racist , money and send it to the u.s or japan . 
  of course they do . 
  they are in the eu . 
  my username checks out . 
  do n't take owt i say seriously , 
   it 's just it is n't working . 
  hehe . 
   it 's been a major concern here and elsewhere for months . 
  yeah but ... come one ... we know it 's bollocks . 
  like . 
  please . 
  at this point . 
  it 's pretty cringe , the whole russia/trump thing . 
  come on now , be honest with yourself . 
  you 're weird . 
  it 's true . 
  look at your inner cities . 
  you have to say stuff like '' you hate us ` cos you ai n't us '' to appease yourselves . 
  proving my point exactly . 
  everyone plays up their position . 
  how anyone can play up detroit , st louis , l.a , baltimore and atlanta is quite a feat . 
  but hey ... you managed it . 
  so i 'm sure you can see how the russians manage it . 
  anyway , it was n't a personal thing . 
  i stated how eu and uk are playing up their poor positions as well . 
  it 's just an example . 
   signaling that trump wo n't be able to unilaterally lift sanctions is far more important trump never said he was going to lift sanctions . 
  i do n't get that part of the comment . 
  trump unilaterally lifting sanctions was n't even a discussion point for anyone . 
  ever . 
   op was saying that russian tv is making out the sanctions to be good for the russian economy , even though they are obviously not . 
  i was wondering what that message was . 
  well you have to play up your position . 
  anyone would . 
  no mystery there . 
  kind of like how the u.s is like 50 % third world but make out like they 're the best country in the world  or uk 's current situation . 
  brexit probably fucks us , but we 're not acting like that !, 
  or the eu trying to make out like the mass immigration has even remotely been a success . 
  ( yep , we still actually have people telling us this even though the world can see ) same applies to russia that applies to everyone . 
  they will play up their actual position . 
  you asked how they make sanctions a good thing . 
  i just said exactly how they can turn these sanctions in to a good thing . 
  for example . 
  i voted remain . 
  as soon as that geriatrophillic dwarf macron told us he wanted to punish uk for leaving i immediately became a hard brexiter . 
  it 's amazing how well people unite when an outsider tries to screw them . 
  why do you think poland and hungary are running around doing what the hell they want with impunity ? 
  sure , the eu * threatened * sanctions ... but they 're never going to actually sanction them . 
  they still have support inside these countries . 
  screw them all and they 'll unite as a population . 
  i 'm well happy with the current state of french politics . 
  '' omg i love populism now !! '', 
  we 've seen where populism gets you . 
  funnily enough , when it comes to trump ... so do most french people . 
  the cognitive dissonance is real !, 
  was n't that ww1 ? 
  since when was the person making the assumption not the idiot ? 
  say what you want . 
  let people assume . 
  just makes them look dumb . 
  monopoly is just a nice word for cartel . 
  looks like that leaves me with ford . 
  bloody ford :(, 
  you 're not sanctioning putin . 
  you 're sanctioning 150 million normal people . 
  150 million people that could have been on your side . 
  150 million people that did nothing to you . 
  even i see these sanctions as a good thing for russia . 
  way to unite 150 million people against a common enemy . 
  very clever . 
  top marks . 
   the length and depth of anglo-irish animosity goes far deeper and longer than that between the uk and germany , at least on the irish side ... germany and poland get along just fine ... what happened between them makes our little squabble look like a playground scuffle . 
  are n't we friends now ? 
  come oooonnnnn . 
  we dug cromwell up and hung him from london bridge . 
  we did that for you !, 
  i 'm not spanish . 
  in england a plaza de toros is just called '' a field '' . 
  is n't that as daft as some brits still being weary of germany ? 
  are you all there ? 
  the ukrainians are as corrupt as the russians . 
  porkyshenko was a dud all along . 
  but you knew that , 
  i love these posts . 
  it 's like a child that grew 3 inches comparing themselves to the 6 ' 4 '' adult . 
  look at me !, 
  i grew more than you !, 
  what happens if brexit is a success and we want to share the love with ireland but only if they leave ? 
  i 'm not saying it will be . 
  probably wo n't be , but i love me a hypothetical . 
  well of course there 's no possibility . 
  if the irish ever voted to leave ... ... they 'll just make them vote again . 
  edit : haha . 
  got some triggerings there did n't i ? 
  look at my username you sensitive little fairies . 
  they ran out of the room in the north and just stopped .
