[ hmmmm . 
  how ' bout ... ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/uk9vbxlfoaezk/giphy.gif ), 
  one of them is n't worth caring about . 
  i do n't care  i treat everyone equally . 
  minorites seem to * hate * that . 
  edit : actually that came out wrong . 
  i do care about the plight of oppressed lgbtqfdrgtbghbthbetyjka community . 
  that just does n't include you . 
  or anyone else in a non catholic western nation for that matter . 
  pfffft . 
  chill dude . 
  over in uk we have the horror of religious bakeries refusing to serve gay lgbtqjskrithvndirowpalfnbrusl customers !, 
  we 're more oppressed that you 'll * ever * be !, 
  different personalities seeming to disagree when we actually agree . 
  happens all the time . 
  fair play to you , 
  look at my username . 
  do you really think i 'd walk past a girl getting raped ? 
  do n't be a dipstick . 
   i think our positions are not too different after all . 
  seems so . 
  i just ca n't see how the army will help me if i get robbed . 
  on a greater scale i agree with you , but we must have personal rights . 
  i 've appealed . 
  i 've been down personally . 
  was told i 'm lucky i did n't get 5 years at the time . 
  thats how sympathetic they are . 
   no quite the opposite im from walsall which is a shithole , a terror hotspot and ive got an interview tomorrow at a job by the worst school in the country . 
  my wifes from wallsall . 
  i go there all the time . 
  it is a bit of a shithole , must admit . 
   why did you have an illegal firearm in the first place ? 
  i do n't really blame the police for denying you access to new firearms if thats the case mate , you screwed up . 
  it was my grandfathers enfield mk2 . 
  he died after the ban . 
  iirc ( forgive me if i 'm wrong , flag it up , it was a long time ago ) the ban was in december . 
  the first amnesty lasted until march , where i handed my 2 firearms in and kept 1 because i wanted a better price and it was n't actually illegal with a licence under the new laws at the time . 
  ( sold it soon after ) my grandad died in march , so must have been just after the amnesty ended . 
  we cleared his house out in april after the amnesty had ended . 
  i called the local station and explainedthe situation . they told me i could sell it to them under amnesty . 
  i made them put it in writing . 
  thats when i handed in the revolver . 
  thats what fucked me . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
   you 're going to use a bow and arrow in your house ? 
  crossbows baby !!!, 
  are you from one of those posh little suburbs where everyone knows the local bobby and you compare your rifles over pimms and a scone ? 
  i have no criminal record . 
  the police were happy as larry to buy all my guns back in ' 98 . 
  and now they use the fact i had one that was illegal that i handed in during an amnesty and did n't get any sort of criminal conviction for to ban me today . 
  i 'm not anti-authority . 
  do you criticise people in authority ? 
  i 'm sure you do . 
  i 'm not going round acting like you 're citizen smith now am i ? 
  the reason the gun was illegal was fucking bollocks as well . 
  fuck the people that make these decisions . 
  at least i learned a new skill in archery though . 
  not exactly swings and roundabouts but if i 'm ever getting burgled at least i 'm not defenceless . 
  ah yes . 
  because what the authorities say is totally gospel . 
  like how we have '' freedom of speech '' ? 
  the law says we have that too . 
  police do n't give a fuck what the law says when they 're dishing out their decisions . 
  the decision comes down to one person in an office in a police hq somewhere . 
  and that person will do as they wish . 
   from some other posts from you i came to the conclusion that you mostly ( only ? ), 
  care about yourself and maybe your family , all others are on their own . 
  am i correct ? 
  yes . 
  just as i am on my own . 
  do n't pretend you and anyone else would n't trample all over me if it meant a better life for them . 
  just do n't . 
  i used to care . 
  i learned a hard lesson . 
  you wo n't find me caring again . 
   if yes , then i agree we come from two absolutely different positions . 
  i do not only care about my own life , i am willing to sacrifice for the overall wellbeing of all people around me . 
  ** i do however want to defend , not only myself but also others . 
  ** with what ? 
  a swiss army knife ? 
   you do that by having a military . 
  you alone can not keep the russians or whomever away . 
  you need your government , allies and in general other people to keep you safe . 
  the question is not who keeps you safe but rather what system is the safest . 
  the question is not who keeps us safe . 
  but only because thats not even a question for me . 
  it 's obvious , i am responsible for myself . 
   my life has never been in danger and i never think about my safety very often . 
  thats good . 
  thats because you probably live in a country with no gun culture . 
  which i think is what scares people . 
  hell , it even worries me . 
  i do believe there is a difference between self protection and a total gun culture . 
  gun culture is very bad and it 's what has turned the usa in to an un-self aware parody of freedom . 
  a gun should be like your wages . 
  everyone knows you have it but you do n't talk about it . 
  it 's no ones business . 
  it 's simply a means of protection . 
  maybe not having guns in a place full of drunk people is sensible . 
  i will concede that .
