  a lot of them do n't have papers . 
  once we are in schengen they will be able to go to germany on horse carts . 
  the dutch and germans are cock blocking us . 
  to enter schengen , so that all of the roma and refugees can freely travel to the rest of eu . 
  the usa is just as bad . 
  they are constantly plotting and undermining any country that does n't bow down to their will . 
  the america for bulgaria foundation had a budget of 43 million dollars last year and they spend around 2 of it on just 2 news papers ( kapital.bg and dnevnik.bg ) that spew anti-russian propaganda . 
  they are spying on european firms and selling that information to their own corporations . 
  they are killing innocent people for oil and gas . 
  why should we close our eyes to that ? 
  he is blowing the situation there out of proportion in the hope of appearing as a tough guy in front of the nationalists who want macedonia to drop their claims on the name and language disputes . 
  he is a pro-eu populist and the eu wants regime change in skopije , so it 's 2 birds with one stone . 
  we cant afford macedonia , they have 30 % unemployment and worse corruption than even us . 
  it 's all smoke and mirror for the idiots who wear `` bulgaria on 3 seas '' t-shirts . 
  rebuild the berlin wall to limit german eu hegemony . 
  borisov is an ass . 
  he is doing this for some kind of pr stunt . 
  when a truck with police officers crashed and some were killed , one of the parties proposed to send the military to help the police patrol the turkish border . 
  his government refused to send the army , because border control is the job of the police . 
  now 2-3 months later he is sending the military at the fyrom border . 
  what an idiot . 
  because of 9/11 and training camps and a government that was ok with harboring bin laden . 
  pakistan did all of that . 
  why did n't you invade them ? 
  not a good analogy . 
  considering that more americans get killed by toddlers than by terrorists , because of your gun laws . 
  you do n't want russia . 
  you want russia to be broken apart with obedient people in charge . 
  that way you can manipulate them like you do with poland and romania to get their resources cheaply . 
  just look at the history of the cia in south america . 
  especially chile and colombia . 
  that is a travesty that needs to be addressed . 
  the 2 million syrians stuck in lebanon and turkey should be flown to germany , benelux , britain and scandinavia . 
  i am glad that they whiners are leaving . 
  when will you absolve us of your presence as well ? 
  that does n't take the wishes of the immigrants into account . 
  i 'd rather have them all settled in germany , uk and sweden where they will lead happy and fulfilling lives . 
   paying bribes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tu32cca_ig why not just make corruption legal like in the usa ? 
   i owe my parents a lot , not to the state . 
  it 's good to know that your parents crawled out of the primordial pool all by themselves and never got anything from the state i guess . 
  according to your previous post , expanding the eu will `` keep progress at bay '' . 
  we do n't want that to happen , so we should strive for a fragmented and progressive europe . 
  so we should dismantle ( to make manageable ) usa , china , japan , india and germany before we address russia . 
  help them or help the core of the eu ( germany , benelux and britain ) that need cheap labour ? 
  why not help these young people find realization at home ? 
  we ca n't encourage them to jump on the boats either . 
  letting them in will only delude more of them to risk their lives . 
  plus , those boat trips cost 2500 + dollars per person . 
  these are economical immigrants more than anything . 
  i was n't talking about the iraq war per se . 
  i mean the general radicalization of the region in the late 80s . 
  http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2014/12/06/368452888/q-a-j-is-for-jihad the americans helped saudi arabia spread wahabism and terror in the middle east , africa and the west balkans . 
  why should we pay for their destructive divide et impera ? 
  no one gives a shit whether you want to be part of a nation or not . 
  you reaped all the benefits of it including vaccinations , school , roads and freedom to travel , but when it came to paying back the aging people who made all of that possible for you ; you decide to be a selfish prick and leave them to die . 
  you can do what you want with yourself , but do n't spit in the face of the people who gave you that freedom . 
  we have 15 000 refugees . 
  they get 550 euro a month for housing , food and basic allowance , no manual work can cover this . 
  a pensioner who has worked his whole life gets 120 euro a month if he is lucky . 
  there is no way eastern europe can justify these expenses . 
  america started the mess in the middle east . 
  they should take care of these people . 
  what will they work ? 
  can they speak estonian/latvian ? 
  what degrees do they have ? 
  america has been funding eu federalists and dictatorships in europe for the last 60 years . 
  it 's common knowledge that they are a state sponsoring terrorism . 
  most of the people who leave are turks and gypsies anyway . 
  let them go . 
  what about the public education that you received ? 
  your mother 's maternity leave ? 
  healthcare ? 
  it was all funded by pensioners that you are leaving to die . 
  they could , if they wanted . 
  germans hate freedom confirmed . 
  by burning the eu parliament for the insurance money and going our separate ways . 
  i love the french . 
  not only are they sticking to their morals , but they also never miss a chance to take a cheap shot at the british . 
  because of the kosovo albanians who are fleeing to germany . 
  around 5 % of the total population of kosovo left this year . 
  why is ** great success ** in air quotes ? 
  they got almost 4 million votes . 
  why you have to be ashamed ? 
  http://www.fcjrefugeecentre.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/aaareport-with-fcj-logo.doc.pdf what serviceable skills do most of these immigrants have ? 
  how are they going to contribute to the crumbling social system of eastern europe when they refuse to send their children to school to learn bulgarian ? 
  europe does n't need people , it needs skilled professionals and automatization of it 's labour intensive industries . 
  filling eastern europe with people who will end up segregated and conditioned to be a burden on the social system is n't going to end well . 
  the roma are a prime example of that . 
  the eu does n't care what the immigrants want . 
  this is why they will keep sending them back there . 
  i 've heard people call it `` little baghdad '' too . 
  have you been to the center of sofia recently ? 
  there is a middle eastern district forming around the women 's market . 
  it 's filled with halal butcheries and other similar stuff . 
  the thing keeping them there is the dublin 2 agreement that sends them back if they leave bulgaria . 
  germany has send us back around 7000 people in the last 2 years . 
  first of all , there is no chance of this passing . 
  britain , hungary , poland and baltics will block it , because they do n't suffer from the refugees at the moment . 
  the trip costs 2000 to 3000 euro . 
  once a man gets asylum and some money he can pay to bring the rest of his family over .
