  it was a popular move at the time . 
  europe 's condition is terminal . 
  but are you the power bottom ? 
  i think people get anxious when germans start calling slavs a different race . 
   he is betting on ignorance and prejudice . 
  and he is going to win a lot of votes by doing that . 
  they come here , get drunk , start fights and end up in police custody . 
  like bush 's iraq or clinton 's somalia + kosovo . 
  i guess not wanting locals to lose their jobs to corporate giants makes me an asshole . 
  the local shops like ozone.bg ca n't compete with amazon . 
  they will go down if the eu opens the flood gates . 
  the big supermarket chains already established market dominance with dumping prices and by blackmailing their local suppliers to pay fees . 
  i did read it . 
  according to it the small local online shops that i use to buy stuff online will have to compete with amazon and the likes . 
  they will likely go down like the local super market chains and be replace with german giants that syphon the profit out of the country . 
  the copyright law harmonization means that foreign firms will start suing people left and right . 
  no thanks . 
  we still like you guys . 
  the better solution would have been not to fuck up their countries in the first place . 
  they are still predominantly muslim doe . 
  94 % approval for initial requests seems pretty high . 
   under communism , the justice system was a man 's domain -- which shielded fellow men in the ruling elite . 
  what kind of sensationalist bullshit is this ? 
  there is no bustling british society there either . 
  just a village of squatters used as a shield to keep british ships in the south atlantic on false pretences . 
  france was the first to settle the island and it gifted it to spain . 
  spain gifted it to argentina . 
  all british claims are null and void . 
  deal with it . 
  let france deal with the mess that sarkozy started . 
  britain relinquished their claim to the malvinas in 1774 . 
  they left it to spain which in turn left it to argentina . 
  i do n't give a shit about the 3000 squatters ' wishes and desires . 
  they need to get the fuck out and pay reparations for using the islands for so long . 
  it was n't uninhabited . 
  there was an argentinian penal colony and port town . 
  the british forced those people out of their land and settled it with norwegian and scottish fishers and sheep herders to hold on as a port to control the southern atlantic and the whaling in the region . 
  from day one it has been about british imperial ambitions and not about the squatters put there . 
  fuck them . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about the squatters living there . 
  they are britain 's problem . 
  the british displaced the native population of diego garcia to build an american air base there . 
  those were real natives kicked off their land and moved to britain . 
  they should do the same with the british squatters who loiter on the malvinas . 
  this fellow does n't agree with the imperialist british occupation of foreign land . 
  there is a difference . 
   so called from bigoted notions of the sex lives of eastern orthodox christians so , in a thread filled with bigoted and jingoistic comments about argentinians from british people , you link a 500 year old bigoted slur that shows that the british have always been bigoted to other nations ? 
  how does that support your bigoted and jingoistic claim on the stolen islands ? 
  good on argentina . 
  they have the balls to stand up to imperialists . 
   we ca n't sell anything to you because your economy is weak and how will cuts to pensions , public sector jobs and social programs drive up demand ? 
  the previous greek government did everything that the troika and merkel wanted and their economy shrank by 25 % . 
  how will more of the same fix the situation ? 
  obama has no clue as usual . 
  'cause the intellectual capacity of the r/europe posters is any better . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zgpnxdn8k8 and i do n't get why you call serbians fascists when it was croatia that sided with hitler and it was western neo-nazis who fought for croatia in the 1990s . 
  and it 's croatians fighting on the side of ukrainian neo-nazis again . 
   where does this obsession with washing dishes comes from ? 
  the real question is why the eu overlords only hire the balts and polish as dishwashers ? 
  ask them . 
  they get to wash dishes in longon , buy second hand german cars and have torture houses for the cia . 
  so great . 
  that is the point . 
  the eu will fall apart and the national identities will remain . 
  every natural system eventually reaches entropy . 
  any eu `` identity '' will be short lived . 
  no point in getting emotionally invested . 
  throwing greece out would n't help the bad imbalances created by the euro . 
  the only way to fix the eurozone and the eu is to kick out germany and naturally devalue the single currency . 
  just like you did with greece , spain , cyprus , ireland and the rest . 
  fuck them over and impose your will until they pay back . 
  the hrw wrote the same bullshit about bulgaria last year . 
  they did n't back up their claims this time either . 
  they wo n't be leaders of anything . 
  they will keep following orders from berlin and washington . 
  http://www.helsinkitimes.fi/finland/finland-news/domestic/11559-foreign-men-are-in-high-demand-in-finland.html go to finland . 
  those bitches are thirsty . 
  the turkish minority party ( movement for rights and freedoms ) would sue the country in strasbourg and nato would bomb our capital . 
  that 's easy . 
  they just need to go back to spain . 
   or was it just ridiculous hyperbole ? 
  hyperbole ? 
  how dare you !, 
  it was a cold hard fact like `` russia is just a gas station '' , `` russia does n't produce anything '' , `` russia 's economy is in taters '' or `` saddam has weapons of mass destruction '' . 
  wait , did the current president say the last thing or the previous ? 
  i always get those warmongering corporatist neocons who spy on the rest of the world mixed up . 
  germany does n't need partners . 
  they need vassals bound by debt and bilateral trading agreements . 
  that has been their spiel since the great depression . 
  they are not . 
  german imperialism and historic revisionism are . 
  why ? 
  it would be good for the historical context . 
  the germans invaded that land during the baltic crusades where they burned pagans and assimilated the original prussians . 
  getting rid of everything german is the best way to honor the real prussians . 
  the russians should bulldoze ever last german looking building and get rid of every last piece of german text there . 
  good for them and fuck us for being asslickers . 
  now instead of getting transit fees we will pay for them . 
  people on this sub do n't care about objectivity and facts . 
  they want to circlejerk .
