  they stopped the genocide in the balkans when britain and france were looking the other way . 
  the actual emigration from eastern european countries within the eu over the last 10 years is far beyond 10 % . 
  young and educated professionals have been living the baltics in droves since 2008 . 
  they 've been saying this for the last 4 months . 
  the ukrainian government is solving the humanitarian catastrophe by getting rid the people , one way or another . 
  politico , foreign affairs , daily beast , washington post and the telegraph opinion pieces are as bad as rt. 
  except filled with more vitriol and delusions . 
  wow ... what have we done to deserve so much hate ? 
  they have been disgusted by the anti-russian propaganda flooding certain western media outlets with worthless opinion pieces and doomspeak , like this one . 
  what exactly did they bring ? 
  we were a net donor to the eu until 2011 . 
  the prices rose . 
  the smes were overrun by competition . 
  the common agricultural policy is rigged against eastern european farmers . 
  i am surprised that there is any eu support at all . 
  i think you are confused . 
  having a foreign policy that does n't revolve around blowing the usa does n't mean we are russian lapdogs . 
  why ? 
  we have been pegged to the dmark and euro since 1999 . 
  very little will change if we join . 
  people here do n't trust the euro mostly , because of what happened in greece . 
  sucks . 
  the title should read `` france wo n't cancel the deal for the first mistral , because it 's already paid for '', 
  good thing that no one on this reddit jumped to conclusions and hurled insults at the volunteers there . 
  i mean that would be embarrassing . 
  not all taxis in bulgaria are rust buckets like those in the picture ... [ there are some decent ones ] ( http://www.sofia-guide.com/assets/green_taxi_fleet.jpg ) . 
  http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2014/07/16/2345143_varnenski_obshtinar_se_oplaka_na_prokuraturata_ot/ illegal gypsy ghetto gets destroyed , because no one has documents for their buildings . 
  the gypsies start making death threats to the mayor of the district and chanting `` turn bulgarians into soap '' . 
   that bank is being nationalised , so he no longer owns it . 
  vasilev got fucked by his long time buddies from dps . 
  the most commonly circulated speculation is that he was trying to create barekov 's party as an alternative of dps . 
  he wanted to distance himself from peevski and co after the 6 months long protest wave , but dps acted first and destroyed him . 
  the problem is that us regular tax payers will pick up the tab . 
  http://www.focus-fen.net/news/2014/07/05/341661/bulgarias-fibank-ceo-we-thank-our-depositors-and-the-banking-community.html that happened with another bank . 
  first investment bank was the victim of a panic induced bank run . 
  people here remember the bank crisis from 1997 when most people lost all of their savings which is why we have the toughest bank laws in europe and the lowest bank trust . 
  so when they started hearing rumors and getting emails about an possible crash the naive ones ran to the banks and took out 400\u00a0000\u00a0000 euro in a single day . 
  now after fibank was shown to have enough liquidity these people lost their interest rates and had to pay fees for pulling out their deposits . 
  they got used and lost money . 
  here is what is really going on . 
  tsvetan vasilev made a lot of bad loans to firms close to his oligarch buddies . 
  he left the country with 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 euro and is hiding in austria . 
  there are unverified reports that he smuggled as much as half a billion euro out of the bank . 
  the government took control of the bank and will move all regular accounts into another bank . 
  after that they will bail that new bank ( credit agricole ) out with 1.6 billion euro from the government 's reserves . 
  our taxes will go to bail out vasilev 's bank . 
  all accounts linked to vasilev wo n't be protected , but the damage is already done . 
  the whole thing was a huge scam that will drain out our emergency reserves . 
  can someone give me a rundown ? 
  i am not in the mood of reading fiction . 
  i could n't even read it till the end . 
  too much pretentiousness and uninformed gibberish . 
   i think the south stream is good for bg it was n't good for bulgaria . 
  the deal for contractors was signed between christmas and new year in 2013 without any competition . 
  the project was overpriced since the austrians will pay almost half per kilometer . 
  it 's good that it was canceled for now , since the building firm is very corrupt linked to delyan peevski ( notorious oligarch ) . 
  the russian leaders are corrupt like ours , but at least they do n't want to turn us into the ghetto of europe that houses all middle eastern refugees and supplies western europe with wage slaves and doctors . 
  not going to happen . 
  the technology is still experimental and it would cost too much . 
  we are already overpaying for electricity from 2 american hydro electric plants , so allowing more of their firms in our market is a stupid idea . 
   we lost 10 % of our population in wwi we did n't lose nearly as many people . 
  we lost 87 000 soldiers and 152 000 were wounded from 5.5 million total population . 
  we had the lowest casualties rate in the war . 
   on the same path as poland you mean make them usa 's hooker ? 
  even sikorski agrees that poland has been getting fucked by the us and eu . 
  i bet moscow is scared now . 
  what a pointless article . 
  essentially boiled down to usa is good , russia is bad and china is ugly . 
  he probably realized that without putin his country would have been turned into a us vassal state like poland and the baltics . 
  that their resources would have been leeched out by european and american multinational companies and that their economy would have been decimated like the rest of eastern europe . 
  the same as that of the orange revolution . 
  they traded a bunch of corrupt oligarchs with others . 
  they got used . 
  the last one did n't use artillery and bombers against his own people though . 
  so how is this kleptocrat better than the last one again ? 
  the last one killed a lot less people . 
   very small amount tho such people are the vast majority here and in romania , apparently . 
  i honestly ca n't tell ... 
  yeah ... he has been lying for months now . 
  he used the cease fire to sign the association agreement and prepare a new attack . 
  typical oligarchs . 
  the money comes from the bulgarian government , but the eu had to approve it since it falls under `` unfair competition/protectionism '' eu crap . 
  anyone who knows about the lead up to the second balkan war knows why we joined the central powers 2 years later . 
  the picture is simple french war propaganda , nothing more . 
  pretty much . 
  people from my part of bulgaria ( south west ) were forced to call themselves ethnic macedonians on a single census by the communists who feared reprisals from stalin . 
  modern fyromians still cite that census when they make territorial claims ... 
  i would love to see a study on the bush generation and their views on kissinger and reagan 's doctrine in south america , south east asia and the middle east . 
  http://ycharts.com/indicators/europe_natural_gas_price so they will pay what ? 
  15 usd per million btu instead of 10 dollars like the rest of europe ? 
  ukraine has been paying 295 usd per 1000 cubic meters for years which is much lower than anyone else ... their economy would die in a few months at the us prices . 
   a eu `` new deal '' alliance would benefit us greatly if we could pull it off . 
  it would n't , because we ca n't absorb enough money to make a difference . 
  eu money is always locked behind bureaucracy and other bullshit . 
  what is this link supposed to mean ? 
  as for productivity . 
  the 2 countries need investments in order to renew their production plants and create more and better products . 
  with new plants and better machines exports would rise meaning higher wages and more disposable income and need for even more goods . 
  https://www.imf.org/external/np/ms/2013/111413.htm one of the problems is the low domestic demand for goods . 
  people are uncertain and do n't spend money which caused the 2 % deflation earlier this year .
