  they thirst for blood anyway . 
  how untolerant of denmark . 
  they had a large share of jews . 
  does that make their past actions right ? 
  same is true for everyone buying the useless f-35s ( canada , italy , uk ) . 
  this was not an isolated incident . 
  there were 200 more this year alone . 
  germans are such xenophobes . 
  my great grandfather served in the military during the war . 
  he never talked about it to my grandfather and father . 
  only once or twice did they over hear him mention to his cousin ( who also served ) that it was horrible and they had to step over dead bodies . 
  one of my grandmothers who was 9 when the war ended told me that she was scared when it ended , because there was a rumor that greeks wanted to invade her border town and `` collect 2 big baskets of human eyes from the bulgarians '' as punishment . 
  those objectively suck . 
  they have the homicide rate of a 3rd world country and their doctors have the highest suicide rates due to the insurance companies who try to sue them for every minor thing to avoid paying the hospital bills . 
  right . 
  flawless plan , until these refugees decide that they want independence and usa starts bombing belgrade again . 
  apparently not . 
  with all the riots and live tv shootings . 
  good . 
  support your ghettos against your police first . 
  poland invaded czechoslovakia with the germans . 
  invading the fascist polish together with the fascist germans canceled each other out so it was fine . 
  http://www.thenation.com/article/seven-decades-nazi-collaboration-americas-dirty-little-ukraine-secret/ the fact that they worked with fascists after ww2 and continue to do so . 
  from von brain to bandera and beyond . 
  our politicians will piggy back on america until it 's profitable . 
  the second we are asked to do something or the usa loses it 's appeal we are going to drop them , like we did with the previous fascists . 
  they can have our roma . 
  they produce a lot of children from a very young age . 
   the us is bulgaria 's ally it 's a sham alliance like the one we had with hitler . 
  but we do n't have any oil . 
  the west asks them to come and then sends to the rest of the eu . 
  it 's chemical warfare . 
   this is the take on the event by the independent they are just quoting what the forbes guy said and have added `` an expert '' to regurgitate propaganda . 
  only a good guy with a grenade can stop a bad guy with a grenade . 
  i can still hear your lack of counter arguments . 
  or they have no casualties . 
  dude , with your rape gangs and senior politician pedo fame you really should just stay quiet . 
  they wo n't contribute more and it will get worse as time goes on . 
  they are n't welcome . 
  deal with it . 
  looks like western media has moved on from reporting twitter messages as facts to reporting screen caps as facts . 
  fascinating how low journalistic standards have stooped . 
  upa was funded by the usa during the cold war . 
  bandera was given asylum in west germany and the americans tried to use him as a war hero fit to lead ukraine . 
  all of the shit going on in ukraine is america 's long term plan . 
  the usa should take all of them since they ruined afghanistan , iraq and syria . 
  it 's a place where rapists and child molesters do n't do what they please for decades , unlike britain . 
   joke in a sense of economical profit on average they will have 2-3 kids with families and a bunch of grandchildren . 
  they might come to visit them 1-2 twice a year , go to a restaurant , visit the beach or the mountain side . 
  that is a nice boost to tourism right there . 
   again , i put a remark at the very start saying in which case my statement is n't valid . 
  except you are completely wrong . 
  these people will never contribute a cent to our pension funds , they are just going to leech off our taxes . 
  we do n't need them around . 
   first of all , those relatives coming is a joke . 
  it already happens , so i do n't see how it 's a joke . 
   those two kiddos would get the offsprings and their offsprings would get the offsprings , so only in first 100 years their contribution could be from 200 to 5000 years in sum . 
  200 to 5000 years of negative contribution . 
  the local turks and roma have been around for 600 years and they are nothing but a black pit that sucks in money and produces only crime . 
  you like chocking minorities who beg for breath , do n't you ? 
  as much as i hate the british , 2 middle eastern kids would n't have the money to buy a house , pay property tax , pay contractors to do renovating work and have their younger relatives come to visit bring more vacation bucks . 
  the middle eastern couple would drop a litter of 5-6 kids who will be a drain on the school , welfare and likely cause crime . 
  you spend billions to destabilize the middle east and prop up the petrodollar sham that keeps your economy floating . 
  you can shove your cancerous tanks up your ass . 
  europe would n't need protection without the american warmongers in the first place . 
  americans need wars to keep their economy from collapsing , so no surprise there . 
  more room for those of us that stick around . 
  they registered growth in quarter 2 . 
  despite all of the german media propaganda . 
  eastern europe does n't owe these people anything . 
  if you have some sort of guilt to wash you can do it yourselves . 
  leave us out of your bleeding heart crusades . 
  the economy grew under him . 
  he is smiling because he stood up against the neo-liberal eu diktat and walked away with his integrity . 
  the most recent polls give his party 33-34 % votes which means he will be prime minister again if he wants and he can get rid of dissent from within . 
  one might say dark . 
  they can handle it . 
  i believe in them . 
  finland 's economy is doing down the drain . 
  can they afford it ? 
  privatization should have been avoided all together . 
  now the german corporation will start laying off people and hiking prices to maximize profits while hurting tourism and locals . 
  obama , cameron and sarkozi should take all the middle eastern and african migrants . 
  they displaced them with their wars . 
  if they do n't work to pay taxes who is going to pay the middle eastern welfare recipients ? 
  am i still banned ? 
  that was n't the case 10 years ago when you killed 200 000 people to stop saddam from trading oil for other currencies . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2003/feb/16/iraq.theeuro when the euro was soaring and the dollar tanking bush needed to set an example and kill some brown people . 
  germans really want to rule over the continent . 
  once you invade someone for oil the spending will jump up again . 
  let the americans spend their money on wars . 
  it does n't matter what the squatters want . 
  returning the malvinas is part of the argentine constitution . 
  they are going to get them sooner or later . 
  it would be better if the occupiers packed up their shit and got the fuck off . 
  probably because you are intellectually crippled . 
  the counter plan is simple . 
  lower the budget surplus targets , use that money to help those in poverty , make companies pay their workers on time , close tax loopholes for firms registered in neighboring countries ( like bulgaria ) . 
  demand flexible repayment plan so that growth can be achieved . 
  the problem is that all of these propositions have been rejected for 5 months .
