  http://e-vestnik.bg/imgs/art_show/zar_osvoboditel-1.jpg the `` tsar osvoboditel '' monument sits just across the national assembly . 
  it 's a symbol of freedom and a spot where protesters gather . 
  there is a lot of respect for it and russian soldiers in general . 
  the soviet army monument on the other hand is a symbol of oppression . 
  this is why people want to get rid of it . 
  you should n't mix the 2 up . 
  people here love russians , but hate russian politicians and communism . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/bibliotheque/briefing/2013/130667/ldm_bri ( 2013 ) 130667_rev1_en . pdf i heard about the cap a while back on the national television news when they asked an eu official why we have the lowest amount of funds for 2014-2020 . 
  his answer was that there is a 2.5 % cap on funding . 
  i guess the old cap was 3.8 % . 
  the eu funds are capped at 2.5 % of the gdp of the countries so the poorer the country the less money they get . 
  also the absorbtion process is slow and difficult . 
   the eu will have to set a precedence as to how they will handle potential members who want out they need to set a precedent for how they will handle anyone that unilateraly breaks their agreements and commitments . 
  if the eu does n't set an example they will look like an even bigger joke and the uk will be the next to demand for a `` special agreement '' . 
   the swiss will negotiate new treaties you keep saying that , but if the eu wants to avoid looking like a joke it will have to make an example out of switzerland and show to the uk that no one can pick and choose . 
  i love it !, 
  in my post communist country we had our first evolution classes around 6-7 grade ( 12-13 ) and my biology teacher said that if anyone is bothered by the subject they are free to leave class no questions asked . 
  everyone stayed and we had no idea what could bother us . 
  we had grown up with discovery , animal planet and dinosaurs so evolution was something that we were familiar with even before school + it 's a fairly secular country . 
  http://www.themoscowtimes.com/sochi2014/olympic-facilities-still-not-ready.html  the gorki hotel complex was developed by russia 's biggest bank , sberbank , which is owned by the state . 
  due to multiple changes in the hotel complex 's ownership , it was one of the construction sites to experience the most delays . 
  not all of them privately owned . 
  the last picture was amazing . 
  this is what happens when corruption and public funds theft is part of daily life . 
  we have the same problems with eu funded projects . 
  especially with roads and highways that get holes days after they are finished . 
  our national televison had corespondents there and used to dedicate a lot of time to reports from the square , but now there is nothing . 
  i guess things have calmed down so there is n't much to report on . 
  wow . 
  schaeuble had a busy day . 
   you are laying http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/03/14/ar2011031404398.html  on a 2009 trip to bosnia , turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoglu explicitly linked his nation 's balkan strategy to the ottoman empire , which ruled the region between the 14th and early 20th centuries . 
   `` the ottoman centuries of the balkans were success stories . 
  now we have to reinvent this . '', 
   `` turkey , '' he declared triumphantly , `` is back . '', 
   many muslims in the balkans welcome turkey 's growing influence . 
  avdija salkovic , a 25-year-old student , has spent his whole life in novi pazar but considers turkey his motherland . 
  i am not lying . 
  turkey 's goals for our region are really worrying . 
  my mistake . 
  i know they have n't started talks yet so i assumed they do n't have candidate status . 
  i remember reading about turkish projects in bosnia and kosovo totaling around 10 billion dollars or something like that . 
  they call that muslim region their `` foothold in europe '' which is worrying if anything . 
   macedonia is an official candidate fyrom does n't even have a candidate status . 
  they are a long way from admission talks and membership . 
  they really need it though . 
  they have 30 % unemployment and many other economic problems . 
  the problem in fyrom is the same as in many other former communist countries . 
  the political elite there consists of former yugoslavian criminals that want to preserve their status quo . 
  yugoslavia and tito build the fyromian self determination around rejections of bulgarians and greeks as national enemies . 
  now that fyrom is torn apart by ethnic division the politicians are trying to keep the country together with the same old stories . 
  another side is the fact that it 's easy to steal public money by building huge ugly monuments of disputed historical figures . 
  the contractors that won the bids for many of the project are linked to the current ruling party vmro-dpmne and it 's leader nikola gruevski who is acused of rigging the 2008 election , putting presure on free press and being undemocratic . 
  in essence we here in bulgaria want macedonians to realize that we have nothing against them , but we are tired of being called tatars and fascists . 
  once they get rid of their old communist oligarchs ( something we are also struggling with ) they are welcome . 
  turkey wo n't ever be allowed in the eu . 
  they are far too big and would disturb the distribution of power . 
  even olli rehn who was in charge of enlargement stated that the `` free movement '' rule was never on the table for turkey . 
  even geographically can anyone realistically expect the eu to border iran , iraq and syria ? 
  how will that border be properly protected ? 
  turkey should accept some form of free trade agreement or look somewhere else , they simply ca n't be part of the eu . 
  that is a depressing trend that also happens here . 
  good question ... 
  it 's not just in ukraine . 
  the politicians in other eastern block countries are just as corrupt , greedy and impudent . 
  the problem is that these politicians are afraid of the oligarchs and organized crime rings that bought their seats more than their own citizen . 
   and to form some sort of leader group at least but leader groups are easy to smear and even corrupt . 
  just look at the orange revolution . 
  why would the ukrainian people repeat the same mistake ? 
  they clearly need actual change , not a new regime change with the same oligarchs pulling the strings . 
  why ? 
  the eu is n't a panacea . 
  they do n't even offer ukraine full membership . 
  i am all for getting rid of corrupt politicians and sticking it to gazprom , putin and his clique , but the eu ca n't do that . 
  they are mostly concerned with olive oil distribution and cucumber size . 
  same as now , but with much more problems with social spending and a barren eastern europe . 
  i do n't really know where i heard the expression - vierbund , but i like it more than the central powers . 
  and our participations was only limited to keeping the french and british forces in greece and reprisals for the second balkan war in romania and serbia . 
  the people here were so angry with all their neighbours that they sided with their recent opressor - turkey . 
  in the end this war was dubbed `` the second national catastrophe '' . 
  both largely to blame on our saxe-coburg-gotha monarch . 
  i do n't think that there are any plans to mark the first world war here . 
  there was almost nothing about the first and second balkan wars ( 1912 and 1913 ) either . 
  the fact that we were part of the vierbund and lost the war also means that there is nothing but bitter lessons to look back to . 
  that is very common here as well . 
  one of my good highschool friends finished his medical education a few days ago and is also looking for internship abroad ( likely in germany where his sister also studies medicine ) . 
  the problem is really complex since out of his university course of 250-ish only around 50-100 can get intership here in the capitol or other good hospitals . 
  the rest would have to become general practitians or settle for small hospitals where they would n't get enough experience so this is one of the problems . 
  the much better pay for young doctors and many recruitment programs is also a pull factor that reduces the quality of healthcare here . 
  the terrible official pay ( because lets be honest the doctors in this part of europe make a lot of money under the table or in private hospitals ) is really bad which ca n't be fixed quickly enough . 
  there is also the fact that european doctors are moving to australia , new zealand or the united states where the conditions and pay are better than in europe which creates a need to fill positions with doctors from eastern europe , which will bring the healthcare system here to its knees . 
  so the problem is really complex and ca n't be summed up by `` well they are following their dreams hurr durr '' . 
  many of the people that leave would have liked to stay , but the conditions do n't allow them to . 
  why does there need to be `` elites '' in the first place ? 
  the fact that politicians study to be politicians instead of being respectible professionals or business people causes many of these problems with lack of transparency and accountability . 
  instead of focusing on work the politicians focus on gathering money to fund elections and sucking up to lobby groups . 
   they ca n't be that dumb i like to imagine them like the goth kids in south park . 
  self loathing and chronically depressed nihilists . 
  constantly negative about everything . 
  why would n't they . 
  they benefit the most out of the single market and currency .
