  the troika do n't want to solve the mess , they just want to bleed greeks dry and pay off their central banks . 
   there arent easy solutions so instead you will opt for more of the same austerity , rising suicides , emigration , energy poverty and further gdp decline ? 
  when will it be enough ? 
  what is the alternative ? 
  slashing your pensions by another 40 % ? 
  raising vat to 23 % ? 
  [ selling your utilities like in eastern europe ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_privatization_in_bucharest ) the germans are trying to sell you the rope to hang yourself with . 
  you can at least take them to hell with you . 
  until the end of the month when the debt is restructured and plans for real reforms is accepted . 
  it 's a completely valid point . 
  the british are the intruders and need to fuck off . 
  i really hope varoufakis and tsipras hold out until the end . 
  if the imf , ecb and germans get their way again the continent is done for . 
  it refers to everything . 
  it recognizes argentina as a successor of the spainish . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_friendship,_commerce_and_navigation_between_argentina_and_the_united_kingdom  in the context of the dispute over the falkland islands ( spanish : islas malvinas ) , some authors argue that by signing the treaty without making any reservation about argentina 's settlement on the islands by 1825 , the united kingdom weakened its claim the british dropped their claim in 1777 . 
  it was n't . 
  the british dropped their claim when they left in 1777 to fight with the americans . 
  the island was desolate until 1829 when the argentinians started settling it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_friendship,_commerce_and_navigation_between_argentina_and_the_united_kingdom in 1824 england recognized argentina as successor of the spanish viceroyalty of the river plate which included all islands that spain had in the region . 
  the british dropped their claims with the treaty of friendship that they signed with argentina in 1825 . 
  ca n't comment on the issue . 
  we are n't fat fucks like the americans and british . 
  the island was n't uninhabited , stop moving goal posts . 
  the french were the first on the island , 2 years before the british and they gave the island to spain . 
  argentina is the legal successor of spain in the region and as such owns all spanish islands . 
  the squatters are the only thread keeping the islands from returning to the rightful owners . 
  the squatters should get the fuck out . 
  the british expelled them when the stole the land . 
  who gives a shit a village of squatters think ? 
  they were planted there to justify holding on to the south atlantic naval outpost . 
  it was a move purely based on imperial aggression . 
   citizenship was granted to those who were citizens on 1940 ( prior the start of soviet occupation ) and their decendants . 
  that is pure discrimination . 
  they were there to clear the place of nazis like they did in finland . 
  http://www.dw.de/russian-latvians-target-of-discrimination/a-17605939  if she wanted to become a latvian , berezovska would have to pass a language test as well as a history test . 
  she says she does n't want to take such a citizenship test , on principle - it would be testing her loyalty to her country . 
  the united nations has already sharply criticized latvia , accusing the country of not doing enough to encourage integration . 
  after all , every third person living in latvia speaks russian . 
  yet latvian is the only official language . 
  now there are even plans to stop russian language lessons in schools . 
  the un said so . 
  how can people be as racist is you balts ? 
  the british are trying to hold on to the last tiny bit of imperial spoils they have left . 
  they ca n't accept their irrelevance . 
  quite sad . 
  the process includes answering questions like `` were the russians aggressors and occupiers ? '', 
  and the only way to pass is to answer `` yes '' . 
  they are asked to degrade and insult themselves based on their ethnicity . 
  fuck your naturalization laws . 
  yeah , seriously . 
  they need to stop discriminating against the hundreds of thousands of people who are denied citizenship status . 
  the racism in estonia is awful . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/03/07/us-foreign-aid-ukraine_n_4914682.html the majority of the 5 billion dollars that the usa spend on ukraine ca n't be traced . 
  that money went to groups like pora and the right sector . 
  he got pretty warm welcomes in cyrpus and hungary . 
  just because nyt 's applebaum calls him a pariah does n't mean that it 's true . 
  http://pando.com/2014/02/28/pierre-omidyar-co-funded-ukraine-revolution-groups-with-us-government-documents-show/  pando has confirmed that the american government -- in the form of the us agency for international development ( usaid ) -- played a major role in funding opposition groups prior to the revolution . 
  moreover , a large percentage of the rest of the funding to those same groups came from a us billionaire who has previously worked closely with us government agencies to further his own business interests . 
  in addition , the european union spend 500 million on tymoshenko , poroshenko and the right sector . 
  `` ngos '' like pora have been funneling money to extremists for years . 
  you have to be total idiot not to understand who started the war in ukraine and why . 
  no one in the government was informed about this . 
  the americans were buying weapons for isis . 
  they just armed and funded the fascists that stormed the capital . 
  the same fascist that burned 60 people alive and continue to kill more . 
  with the neo-nazis fighting your war and beating people on the streets do n't you think you are being a hypocrite ? 
  the double irish . 
  leeching money from other countries instead of working would be good . 
  would n't be their first time the romanians conspired with nazis agaist russia . 
  i told you that your economy is comprised of bubbles like twitter , overpriced housing and the petrodollar . 
  you claimed that you are a major exporter and producer . 
  the reality is that you are neither a major exporter nor producer which you finally admit . 
  the only reason you `` final dollar output '' seems so large is because there are 320 million useless pieces of shit like you . 
  if there were 320 million polish they would produce and export more in total . 
  your stupidity is only surpassed by your ignorance fueled pigheadedness . 
   number one exporter of final goods in the world , number two exporter of all goods in the world and that 's only as of recent or  manufacturing makes up only 6 % of the us economy and the vast majority is never exported because we need what we manufacture pick one and stick to it you idiot . 
  you have a sham economy that relies on dollar usage around the world . 
  without the petrodollar you would be worse off than somalia . 
  usa per capita exports 4700 dollars a year poland per capita exports 5000 dollars a year you are living in a bubble propped by chinese loans . 
  you produce nothing of value . 
  your largest export partners are china and mexico . 
  you take their raw materials and resell them to them by exploiting nafta . 
  plus , your per capita export figures are laughable . 
  you are a typical inbred retard with no grasp on reality . 
  it does n't fit their agenda . 
  that 's the reason . 
   i like this guy . 
  do n't say that . 
  the herrenvolk will start down voting you soon . 
  the government in kiev is a bunch of us backed neo-nazis . 
  what do you expect ? 
  everything else you have are trendy bubbles like twitter and facebook that fail to create a profit . 
  you are worthless without the wars you create to sustain your war economy . 
  saddam and gaddafi wanted to stop trading their oil in dollars which is why your governments went to war and killed hundreds of thousands . 
  saudi arabia still plays ball , when they stop we will see . 
  and the biggest consumer by a large margin , which is why you are gluttonous pigs that invade countries over it . 
  the petrodollar is the only reason the americans are relevant . 
  this is why they are fighting with tooth and nail to keep it .
