  in reality most of them end up in shanty towns and too ashamed and poor to return home . 
  google the title and it opens without paywall . 
  so it 's more of an inferiority complex than a superiority one ? 
  yes . 
  people are always fake and overly friendly when they deal with foreigners . 
  if the germans did n't get stopped even more people would have been exterminated . 
  there are more albanians outside of albania than in it . 
  will they annex the whole world ? 
  long gone ? 
  just a few more years and all kosovo albanians will have moved to germany . 
  then things might change again . 
  i know when it joined and i know when our economy was doing better . 
  eu membership is a shitty deal that should be avoided . 
   you guys joined in 2007 . 
  and it 's been shit since 2007 . 
  6 % yearly gdp growth until 2008 vs 1-2 % after . 
  yeah , it was . 
  not like they would lose much by staying out . 
  eu membership is shit anyway . 
  it 's called an `` usie '' when there are multiple people . 
  nice try washington , but the greeks are not total idiots like the bulgarians . 
  what can you do about it . 
   i dont wish for a related flood of russians and central asians in our lands ( high crime , drugs , tb , hiv etc. ) . 
  the british are saying the same about you and me . 
  good for them . 
  now lets see how borisov cries for compensations from junker and gets nothing . 
  what would the benefits for russia be ? 
  their internal market would be flooded by german , french and spanish produce that is propped up by the cap and it would screw over their domestic producers . 
  what can russia export to europe that it does n't already export ? 
  a single market with europe only helps europe , so it 's not going to happen . 
  i had no idea that dissent opinions are against the rules . 
  how is being a german colony any better though ? 
  i do n't see why he is mad . 
  if he believed in tatcherism ( modern robber baron capitalism ) the new ukip and their coalition with the conservatives will be exactly what he wants . 
  is there a kickstopper page , because i do n't want an european republic ? 
  so the germans are uberhumans ? 
  germany should pay it 's reparations . 
  it was around 30 000 people when i subscribed to it . 
  it has changed a lot and for the worse since then . 
  so far they only canceled a few privatization deals that were not favorable . 
  selling off your state assets when their value is at rock bottom ( as suggested by the troika ) is not smart . 
  good . 
  the ez break up should be done like ripping off a band aid , better do it quick . 
  the real question is if they are going to leave a trail of depleted uranium and cancer after them like the american tanks . 
  why are finns getting dumber ? 
  it 's not varoufakis fault that the eastern europeans jumped on a sinking ship . 
  http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/statistics/basics/ataglance.html 78 % of all new male infections are between gays and 63 % of all new . 
  3/4 of new hiv infections are of young gay men who are less than around 3 % of the total population . 
  testing the blood for aids/hiv is expensive and difficult as it takes 6 months for the virus to be detectable . 
  blood from different people is mixed together and tested together to save money . 
  if 1 of them has aids/hiv all of the blood is dumped . 
  it 's just cheaper to not let young gays donate blood . 
  of course . 
  you are hypocrite that ignores all the fucked up shit that britain and usa did during the war ( like starving 3 million indians to feed the british middle class ) , because of your victimhood complex . 
  grow up . 
   ttip will become reality whether you like it or not the way it 's dragging along , delayed and with all the opposition ? 
  there is a good chance that it wo n't . 
  they are openly mocking europeans with this farce . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marocchinate and in italy , in one instance alone the liberators raped 60 000 women and killed 7000 italians . 
   we wo n't leave anyway . 
  of course you wo n't leave . 
  you are like a tick on the scrotum of europe , you are n't going anywhere until forcibly removed . 
  look at india and africa . 
  your q1 growth is 0,2 % and you still have n't recovered from 2008 . 
  you will get fucked after you leave . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/economics-blog/2014/apr/24/uk-economy-seven-things-need-to-know-ons-g7  3 . 
  britain 's financial services sector grew rapidly between 2006 and 2009 . 
  the uk economy has long been a dominant player in financial services , along with the us , but growth in the sector between 2006 and 2009 was particularly rapid . 
  by 2009 , the sector accounted for 10 % of uk gdp , the highest of all g7 economies . 
  the second highest was canada at 6.7 % , and the lowest was germany at 3.9 % . 
  the dominance of the sector in britain meant it was hit harder by the financial crash . 
  its share of the economy fell by 2.9 percentage points , while it remained roughly stable in other major economies . 
  output in the uk financial services sector is still 13.6 % below pre-crisis levels according to the latest ons data . 
  financial services are a key part of uk exports . 
  britain has the highest ratio of services exports to gdp in the g7 , at 13 % . 
  it also has the biggest share of financial services exports by some way , at 29 % in 2012 . 
  the second is the us at 15 % , with japan exporting the least at 3 % . 
  britain depends on it 's financial sector more than any other major economy . 
  they benefit greatly from capital outflows from asia and europe . 
  how will you replace that 10 % of your gdp ? 
  with reliant robin exports ? 
  the uk relies on it 's financial sector to pull the rest of the country out of the mud . 
  without the eu they have nothing . 
  they were the second poorest member in 1983 . 
  he thinks that slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania , bulgaria , croatia and greece are dirt poor shitholes that would die without eu handouts . 
  totally worth it . 
  get over your victimhood complex . 
  it 's been 26 years . 
  more like planned parenthood centers that do std screens , give free contraception , place those spiral things and shelter underaged girls who are forced into marriage by their families or abusive partners . 
  i do n't find it interesting . 
  europe should invest in female reproductive rights in africa . 
  this is almost as funny as when poroshenko said that he will force eastern ukrainian children to hide in basements afraid of shells until kiev wins the war . 
  child murder is so funny in r/europe . 
  that 's almost as impressive as the malvinas referendum results from 2013 . 
  i grew up in the 90s after the state apparatus failed . 
  the only energy and bustling there was came from criminal organizations capitalizing on the chaos . 
  russians also remember the 90s . 
  the author is either delusional or disingenuous . 
  what a load of shit . 
  it was the young turks ' government who carried out the genocide .
