  isis are their creation and the drone strikes on syrian civilians that nato does are n't going to stop them . 
  if they lose control of the oil trade they will lose control of everything . 
  their dollar has no value . 
  this is why they keep arming isis and saudi arabia . 
  that money was spend on their military industrial complex . 
  they ca n't sustain their country without wars and the petrodollar . 
  it 's worthwhile investment for these fucks . 
  http://www.trade.gov/afghanistan/  on september 15 the american chamber of commerce in afghanistan will host a dinner at the jw marriott marquis hotel , dubai , uae . 
  the theme of the event is `` mining your own business . '' it will coincide with the u.s. department of commerce industry spotlight event -- `` emerging afghan extractives and energy sectors '' -- also being held in dubai on september 15 . 
  the dinner will provide an opportunity to learn about the benefits of amcham membership as well as chance to network with stakeholders in the afghan extractives industry . 
  when the dust clears and mouth breathers like you forget about it . 
  north atlantic terrorist organization should be disbanded . 
  america is only using it as a front to steal oil and fuel wars . 
  it has lost it 's meaning a long time ago . 
  good . 
  varoufakis is spot on as usual . 
  too bad that the german fucks will do anything to shut him down . 
  luxembourg and that needs to change . 
  those fuckers steal from everyone . 
  he is born in kenya after all . 
  why stoop to the level of fyrom and make ugly statues ? 
  instead there should be a documentary about the cometopuli dynasty . 
  the supposed armenian roots of the mother of samuil . 
  the long war between his father and the regent . 
  the long war between samuil and his brothers . 
  how samuil murdered one of his brother 's entire lineage except ivan vladislav , who in turn betrayed samuil son gavrail and killed him in exchange for support from the bysantines . 
  the real story of these dynasties is more interesting than game of thrones . 
   are they ? 
  where exactly ? 
  i would like to see it . 
  http://www.usatoday.com/story/theoval/2015/02/20/obama-rudy-giuliani-love-united-states/23734637/ obama 's populism and tired cliches about how usa is the greatest country ever is what got him re-elected . 
  jingoist american retards eat his shit up . 
  fuck those bottom feeding low lives . 
  also , you can drop the shit . 
  you are too ignorant to discuss my country . 
  the americans are beating their chest and chanting `` we are number 1 '' . 
  at least we have parental leave , live to retire and get 20 paid vacation days . 
  they should import more russian gas . 
  that is why crimea joined russia instead of becoming another kosovo . 
  those people are working part time and on minimal wage . 
  the number of americans who pay 30 % of their income for rent has doubled in the last 10 years . 
  wages are falling behind inflation rate . 
  your economy contracted by 0.7 % last quarter . 
  obama is a big failure . 
  obama is the one making bold statements while disregarding the pile of shit that he is leaving behind himself . 
  dumb ass . 
  a territory that had a referendum in 1994 to join russia and was stopped after kiev send tanks against it . 
  crimea was autonomous and never a part of ukraine . 
  get over it . 
  greece leaves the euro . 
  europe gets fucked beyond belief and eu breaks apart . 
  i bet russia can spare a few billion for that . 
  the cap is unfairly rigged against the new members . 
  if it was scrapped the western farms would go down and our products would be able to fill the gap . 
  [ our milk sector would n't be destroyed by imports from france , germany and denmark ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/167567/dairy+producers+in+bulgaria+predict+wave+of+bankruptcies ) . 
  the london city launders between 29 and 60 billion dollars a year . 
  from the saudi sheiks , african warlords , the dictator of kazakhstan , etc. 
  the list is long . 
  all of that blood money trickles down london 's economy . 
  the author should mind his own pig stay . 
  your government just blackmails the rest of the continent . 
  tony blair ? 
  because the idiots here are too stupid to realize how shit uk , germany and netherlands are ? 
  what is different between the video and the comments ? 
  what makes it propaganda other than your preconceived notion that it must be ? 
  there is a video showing the whole thing . 
  police did nothing . 
  the camp was set up by people sick of poroshenko 's lies . 
  why is no western media reporting on it ? 
  what more do you need ? 
  the average nobody that frequents r/europe is not interested in stories that show that his world view is n't correct . 
  and i do n't like how junker helped corporations avoid hundreds of billions in taxes while he was prime minister and how he smothers the whole debate about the issue while he is commission president . 
  this inferiority complex nonsense is getting painful to watch . 
  he should just wait a few days for kiev to start another failed offensive and blame russia for it instead . 
  by the way where is sikorski ? 
  that 's the german in him speaking . 
  what is going to happen when reichskaiserin merkel 's rule ends ? 
  polygon is a worthless rag . 
  they whined to blizzard about showing too much female asses . 
  italy has the best looking people . 
  german women are build like tanks and british men have no teeth and have weird foreheads . 
  you have no idea how much money your friends the saudies are spending on spreading radical islam here . 
  http://e-vestnik.bg/imgs/bulgaria/harmanli-islam15-2.jpg gypsies pose with the isis flag on facebook and talk about killing bulgarians for being kafir . 
  http://e-vestnik.bg/imgs/bulgaria/harmanli-islam15-2.jpg you are joking , but a lot of imams were arrested for links to saudi arabian radicals and some gypsies even post with the isis flag . 
  a lot of roma women are wearing full burkas . 
  we have the highest proportion of muslims in the eu - 13,5 % . 
  we have ethnic turks , pomaks ( balkan converts ) and roma converts . 
   in transnistria no common border with russia not yet . 
  yet none of that takes away from the fact that you are warmogers responsible for the misery of half of the world . 
  poroshenko makes putin look like a hero who protects his people from american and european vulture capitalists . 
  it would have been better off if the usa had ceased to exist in 1989 . 
  then clinton would n't have sent vulture capitalists from harward that created the oligarchy in russia . 
  iraq would n't have been invaded . 
  syria would n't be a huge concentration camp where the cia arms isis . 
  the world would be a better place if you did n't exist . 
  let the americans waste their money on the military lobby instead of fixing their schools that produce the highest incarceration rate in the world 750 per 100 000 , their for profit tetrary education that that just generates debt and their bloated health system . 
  let them spend money on the baltics instead . 
  the imf and ecb should go fuck themselves . 
  it is sad , but the germans want their interest payments . 
  people rely on savings , help from their families and loans/pawn shops to scape by .
