  the problem is that the communist and turkish coalition are unimaginably impudent . 
  they show up every single day and lie about the protesters . 
  they have threatened to fire protesters working in the government . 
  they have accused the protesters of being organized and bribed by foreign countries while their own `` supporters '' are being shipped around by buses from all around the country . 
  much of their `` base '' barely speaks bulgarian at all . 
  every single day that the current coalition is in power is a wasted day . 
  they need to get out right now , before they manage to change the voting laws in a way that will cater to them . 
  they have wasted every opportunity so far and there is no reason to believe that they are capable of anything other than lying and stealing . 
  it was a farce . 
  both sides brought busses with `` supporters '' from the poorest parts of the country . 
  the socialist and turkish party one was just painful to watch . 
  their supporters didnt even know the name of the pm they were brought to defend . 
  http://bnr.bg/sites/en/news2013/pages/30%2009%202013%204.aspx bulgaria is 8th in the world in terms of police per capita . 
  the whole system is a relic of the repressive organs of the communist days . 
  back in the 90s the police was the umbrella that kept the mafia rings safe for the right price . 
  the police can never stop corruption , because they are far too deep in themselves . 
  he is also macedonian , we know . 
  fyrom has always been a source for a good laugh . 
  it also highlighted the practice of selling children in these communities . 
  as someone from the bulgarian part of the macedonian region i disagree . 
  they ca n't be called macedonia nor can they be part of the eu , because they have territorial claims to my home region . 
  they are lying about some fictional minority here and about made up historical claims . 
  i fully agree with greece 's stance on this . 
  the only way to deal with fyrom is to humor them . 
  google the title `` finns eye growing russian presence with apprehension '' it 's the first result . 
   i was just saying that in case the parents are n't the current roma suspects . 
  sorry if it came out in an offensive way . 
  no offense taken . 
  sadly we have plenty of poor people desperate enough to sell their children . 
  http://variety.com/2013/film/reviews/alienation-review-venice-1200601851/ the whole story is like a viral promo for this movie . 
  it won some award in venice film festival . 
   or maybe her parents are some poor semi-literate blonde ethnic bulgarians . 
  i know it would be plausible if it was romania instead of bulgaria . 
  they are not ethnic bulgarians . 
  it 's not 100 % clear that they are the parents even . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24657552 they have other blond/red haired kids as well . 
  it 's weird . 
  they have been targeting people from those 2 countries for years . 
  students have been complaining about having to wait for months for `` yellow papers '' even though they are allowed to work for a few hours a week to help out with expenses . 
  the whole thing reeks for double standards and scapegoating . 
  the foreign companies have access to the land now . 
  they just need to register a company and they can buy all they want . 
  what did the international firms do instead ? 
  they are selling inferior products in eastern europe . 
  http://www.euractiv.com/consumers/food-products-lower-quality-east-news-504026 the second class citizen status wo n't be solved by rolling over and accepting every eu directive either . 
  it does n't . 
  if european companies wanted to buy land here they would have done it by now . 
  this extension does n't change anything for anyone . 
  the price of land here is cheap because of a few reasons : 1 . 
  the land ownership is fragmented which makes it a pain to buy large quantities . 
  the water distribution systems are nonexistent . 
  almost all of them were stolen and sold for scrap metal which makes using the land for farming a huge challenge and a monumental investment that would take years to pay off . 
  the land can be used to grow only specific crops . 
  it 's not great for some crops . 
  all of these and many more factors make this move pointless . 
  if european firms wanted to fight the oligarchy or the agricultural mafia in bulgaria they could have done it years ago . 
  currently the land is being bought by chinese firms willing to invest and they are n't part of the eu . 
  as i said , the technical criteria is covered . 
  there are infrared cameras across the border with around the clock surveillance and mobile units that pick up almost every single illegal immigrant . 
  this has been proven in the recent months with the syrian refugees . 
  all of them and all of the north african immigrants get detained in a matter of minutes . 
  a fence will be build soon as well . 
  their borders are no worse than the italian , greek or spanish borders . 
  the countries that are blocking the admission have other motives . 
  it 's probably just dirt . 
  the conditions in the roma slums are horrible . 
  no water , no electricity and no plumbing . 
  finland , germany and the netherlands are against the admission of bulgaria and romania to the schengen area so it wo n't happen in 2014 . 
  the technical criteria has been covered since 2012 . 
  the oposing countries say that they do n't want those 2 countries , because of corruption , but that 's likely not the main reason . 
  even now people from those 2 countries can travel across europe freely since they are european citizens , but they need to provide some id when entering schengen ( which is not a problem for most people ) . 
  the countries who are against the admission are far more afraid of poverty immigration from those countries . 
  they are trying to appeal to voters in their own countries by waving the finger at romania and bulgaria while being completely powerless to do anything meaningful . 
  what this refusal to accept the countries into schengen does is further alienate and marginalize the 2 countries . 
  this just fuels even more euro scepticism and people in the 2 singled out countries feel even more like second class europeans . 
  it would be better than the pile of shit that the eu is now . 
  and greece , and turkey , and cyprus , and spain ... seems like those are all british/germans in general . 
  roosters are n't kept in coops . 
  coops are for female chickens who lay eggs . 
  even your insults are limp as fuck . 
  no wonder france has so much cuckolding . 
  hasim taci smuggles drugs , arms and humans . 
  he has the blessing of clinton and bush . 
  of course i can blame them . 
  is n't the chicken the national animal of france due to their cowardly nature ? 
  why does your picture feature the wrong flag behind it ? 
  i am confused . 
  i like how you have sourced evidence for your claims . 
  usa and europe ruined the region and placed criminals in power . 
  they should n't be rejected , they are your product . 
  they have always been the centre of people smuggling . 
  however when local women and children were shipped to western europe as sex slaves no one batted an eye . 
  nato and kfor have even been facilitating human trafficking for a decade . 
  i do n't eat tripe soup , but snails and frogs are objectively more gross . 
  http://www.nydailynews.com/news/money/snails-save-economy-working-bulgaria-article-1.381834 it 's a true fact . 
  our farmers were forced to grow snails for france after we joined . 
  the frenchies ca n't get enough of that crap . 
  it was proven that western companies ship sub-par products for eastern europe , so i do n't understand the problem here . 
  we do n't need any planes . 
  the warmongering americans will protect us .
