   nearly all water in europe is used for something and turning millions of cubic meters of it into waste water is n't an option . 
  chevron wanted to frack and pollute the most fertile region of bulgaria . 
  that is never going to happen . 
   instead , we should isolate them along the same lines that was done with south africa 30 years ago why do n't you start with israel and saudi arabia ? 
  they have far worse human rights issues . 
  it 's a pretty good assessment of the situation in the eurozone . 
  too bad that most people fail to realize how bad the single currency is . 
  i do n't think it will . 
   it 's a single leaked email , not letters and it does n't say that . 
  i 've read it . 
  i 've also read it . 
  while they were arguably right about the bsp 's goal to appease voters by screwing over evn and cez , the mail talked about a coordinated anti bsp position from all of his media outlets . 
  his letter called for a mass mobilization of effort of containment of the event and a counter offensive involving the european commission , european ambassadors and opposition parties . 
   his `` action plan '' was telling his editors to look into stuff so they can report on them . 
  the leaked letters were advising his journalists to trash the government over anything energy related and call barroso 's office for comment that can be used against the government . 
  if you go back and read some older euractiv artices about bulgaria you will see that it 's always dnevnik and kapital that shit on the whole country in order to get political gains against the bsp . 
  this is why they used the picture of volen siderov in this article . 
  they makes the whole country look like assholes infront of the eu . 
  why not ? 
  they buy property here and invest in local business . 
  funny how their sources belond to ivo prokopiev ( owner of dnevnik and kapital ) who was caught distributing an `` action plan '' to discredit the current govenment before the election . 
  this is just the latest episode of the dirty smear campaign going on before the election where the oligrachs fight eachother and smear the whole country with shit . 
  their blood tax ? 
  their jizya tax ? 
  their ethnic cleansings ? 
  their forced conversions ? 
  most bulgarians are pro-russian . 
  ever since russia freed us from the turks . 
  even when we joined the axis we refused to declare war on the ussr and send soldiers to the eastern front . 
  hitler was pissed . 
   their developing country gets free money we did n't get anything during the first 3 years while in the eu ( mainly due to stanishev 's government at the time but still ) while paying our share of contributions ( 360 million euro a year ) . 
  this free money myth needs to die in a fire . 
  at first i wanted to argue against your post , but you are basically correct . 
  eastern europe was rural and behind the west even in the late 18th century . 
  we missed the age of imperialism when britain and france got their industrial boon . 
  but the same was true for japan and south korea who managed to find a niche . 
  their high tech manufacturing , born out of necessity and lack of resources allowed them to advance and surpass a lot of european countries . 
  the main problem that held eastern europe back was the lack of competition . 
  everything made here was ugly , clunky and took a shit ton of resources to make . 
  our country had heavy metal manufacturing that relied solely on imported materials which was incredibly cost inefficient . 
  everything was doomed to collapse from the start . 
  ** bulgaria ** bay ganyo balkanski . 
  sadly over a century after the book was written in an attempt to ridicule our oriental mentality it still holds true . 
  escpecially the later part that deals with the political process in bulgaria where roma votes , bribes , fraud and intimidation are the only way to get into power , sadly still the case . 
  ;( video is funny though, 
  our interior minister commented on these reports and called them outright lies . 
  he says that our border protection agency keeps all cctv footage and interested parties are free to look at it . 
  our border is one of the best surveyed in europe so i believe him . 
  he also dismissed the accusations from people in turkey who claim that they have been tazed , our border patrols do n't have tazers . 
  the human rights watch report that is sensationalist and blown out of proportion to further some unknown agenda . 
  there is still a lot of animosity between us and serbians . 
  we allowed nato to bomb them and they had a bit more freedom during the cold war than us which pissed off people at the time . 
  also every time serbians are mentioned in our history books we are at war with them . 
  the few i have met around sofia have been fine guy and girls . 
  here the semen for artificial insemination is imported from denmark for that reason . 
  do n't drink that . . 
  it 's basically poison . 
  better tourists than the cheap germans or drunk british , that is for sure . 
  or maybe the bullshit that foreign policy and the daily beast spew does n't deserve a better response ? 
  then how did the eu manage it in the last 5 years ? 
  what next daily beast ? 
  was putin responsible for september 11th as well ? 
  when we applied for eu the nato membership was like a conjoined twin that we had to accept as well . 
  nato is clearly trying to encircle and intimidate russia + it 's operations in the last 15 years have been extremely questionable . 
  just because bulgarians are n't hellbend on revanchism like poland or the baltic states does n't mean that they suffer from stockholm syndrome . 
  most people have seen what the eu and usa have to offer and are not interested . 
  only as , because europe does n't have the balls to say `` no '' to the usa . 
  stuff like the nsa , drones , cia torture houses in poland , petrodollar and much more are just allowed to continue while the eu does n't dare to say anything . 
  i would call that anything other than genuine partnership . 
  what is so bad about a multipolar world ? 
  i am sure people in cyprus , bulgaria , greece , spain , portugal and others will disagree . 
  some evidence would be nice though . 
  i also want to see europe freed from the us dollar and nato . 
   and russia , is the same imperialist russia that is based on the superiority of the russian ethnicity and the supremacy of tsar the same russia went to war in 1877 to stop the ethnic cleansing of bulgarians and lost a lot of people to free the balkans . 
  this is why , for the majority of bulgarians , russia will always be put before any other country . 
  also , your whole infomercial type presentation is embarrassing to read . 
  the only thing missing was a crying bald eagle . 
   ethnic bulgarians have been deported to siberia and bulgaria is repopulated by ethnic russians such rational arguments . 
  i am now convinced that fracking and ttip are the way to go . 
  estonia and latvia had some of the worst recession and austerity during the euro crisis + one of them needed bailout . 
  all 4 of those countries have lost between 5-10 % of their population due to emigration since 2004 . 
  what i was asking is `` why should more countries be paranoid and revachist towards russia like them ? '' . 
  out of the 10 former east bloc countries only these 4 have been excessively anti-russian + far too pro-us which is a bad thing . 
  poland even had cia torture houses and what not . 
  why should they ? 
  i am almost certain that the article is a joke , but who knows . 
  i was gon na say . 
  the atricle itself is also great . 
  i absolutely agree with amnesty international ^ for ^ the ^ wrong ^ reasons, 
   bulgaria is cheapest , but rapidly catching up bulgaria 's growth has more to do with exposing the grey/shadow economy and increasing productivity by laying off low skilled workers and keeping better paid workers , but with more responsibilities . 
  quite the misleading title and article . 
  the pictures do n't show much . 
  that 's because we are lean and good looking by default ... 
  so i guess the romanian and bulgarian hate rhetoric ran it 's course and wilders decided change up his act ? 
   progressively escalating economic sanctions . 
  and who will compensate our losses ? 
  we suffered from the yugo-embargo and the 2009 gas crisis . 
  now we will suffer again by losing tourists due to visa and other issues , south stream was put on ice by the ec and our property market depends on middle class russians who buy houses for their retirement homes ( the rich buy houses in spain/italy ) how will the eu compensate us ? 
   why do n't they deface the shipka memorial as well ? 
  lots of russians died there too .
