  well after reading the article i kind of like the idea of stopping the practice of highly skilled workers doing low skilled and badly paid jobs . 
  from this and other similar posts in r/europe it seems that this party has some decent suggestions like harder punishments for minimal wage abuse or exploitation and such . 
  obviously i do n't know enough about that party and their track record of keeping their campaign promises , but it seems like they have some good ideas that they try to present as eurosceptic to gain more votes . 
  the theme of all british parties seems to be `` nah , guys . 
  we hate the eu more than those other guys '', 
  from the millions of working and tax paying migrant workers in germany ? 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25628791  `` if britain gets our taxpayers , should n't it also pay their benefits ? '', 
  and italy , and greece and many others . 
  the mass emigration started in the 1990s true . 
  but the article itself is about future loss of population  the draft report by the migration research academy - which will be published in full next spring - finds that following poland joining the european union in 2004 , mass emigration has affected many regions of the country negatively . 
  so it 's you who has n't read the article and is needlessly hostile . 
  that is what happens when you have a common labor market and not nearly enough effort to equalize it 's regions . 
  do n't worry . 
  we are the second least desired destination and we got over 1 million romanians last year . 
  the people in the tourism industry love you guys . 
  russians , greeks and romanians are some of the best customers acording to many in the industry . 
  everyone here is sick of the typical pub crawling british or scandianvian youths that make a mess and dont bring in any money . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  this kind of speech will only serve as ammunition for the euro skeptics whos only rhetoric boils down to `` they want your sovereignty and national identity '' . 
  and even if there was n't a crisis and internal fighting between west and east and north and south the idea of use revolts me . 
  if the choice was between being an insignificant region of the superstate or remaining dirt poor , but on the map i 'd pick the latter . 
  i doubt it . 
  the term european here is linked to a functioning economy , rule of law , decent wages , quality of life and social support . 
  everyone in our country knows that we are light years behind most of europe when it comes to those . 
  so it 's natural that people do n't think they are european . 
  there is also some selfloathing and believe that europeans think we are lesser than them which also makes many people think of themselves more like `` dark/shady balkan individuals '' * than europeans . 
  * \u0422\u044a\u043c\u0435\u043d \u0411\u0430\u043b\u043a\u0430\u043d\u0441\u043a\u0438 \u0421\u0443\u0431\u0435\u043a\u0442 - a figure of speach about people from the balkans . 
  they are driven out , because of the eu . 
  youth on the move and the big countries economies that force the peripheral countries firms to close down . 
  the whole thing is rigged in favor of the older countries which is why talking about choice and following your dreams really moot . 
  people should n't be hearded out of their homes to fill cheap labor shortages in germany . 
  in the last 7 years the negatives have been more than the positives . 
  there is constant finger pointing , criticism and a noticeable second class treatment from the side of the eu . 
  the regulations are hitting smes really hard . 
  many diary farms have been forced to close down . 
  the unfair cap hurts local production and has turned us from an exporter to importer . 
  there is no representation in the european parliament where the parties are controlled by the big countries . 
  the currency is benefitting some and screwing over others . 
  the outflow of young people is leaving many regions empty ghost towns . 
  doctors and engineers are sucked up leaving key possitions vacant for years . 
  there arent enough young people to fill the gaps nor willing immigrants that would work for 40-50 % of the median eu wages when they can go somewhere else . 
  it seems like our ( and many other eastern countries ) will just implode in a few decades . 
   but he stated that he wanted to be one of the ` big guys ' , meaning a superpower . 
  he said that he wants to europe 's voice to be heard . 
  not to be a superpower , but to be able to resist pressure from usa , russia , china any others . 
  europe wants and needs to have a coordinated foreign , economic and eventually defense policy in order to protect the interests of it 's citizens from the rest of the big guys . 
  without the eu even the big countries like france and germany would be nothing more than us `` yes men '' without any leverage . 
  or maybe they are just hypocrites ? 
  http://www.commondreams.org/headlines03/0520-08.htm  the united states is alone among the world trade organization 's 144 members to oppose a december agreement in doha giving developing nations stricken by aids epidemics the right to ignore drug patents and import cheaper , generic medicines . 
   washington has justified its opposition to the proposal by calling it a license for unfair competition , said mark greyson , spokesman for phrma , an umbrella lobbying group for the pharmaceutical industry . 
   `` it 's not about the poor countries ; if it were about the poor countries everything will be over , '' he said . 
  he is completely right about bush caring more about the corporations than people 's lives . 
  i do n't see why they would use bulgaria as example ? 
  people here are incredibly disillusioned with the eu and the constant scapegoating against bulgaria and romania . 
  when a lot of people look at europe they see finger waving and blaming . 
  they see that they are second class europeans . 
  they forgot the `` sorry '' at the end . 
  what research ? 
  all i saw was an opinion piece without any actual proof . 
  i was talking about the economic terms which were n't that great . 
  but the eu is fragmented and incapable of playing that hand . 
  the a10 are disillusioned and looking for alternatives to the east , the south is crippled by unemployment and uncertainty while the biggest 3 ( france , uk and germany ) are preoccupied with internal goals and increasingly ignoring the rest of the continent . 
  it 's becoming more and more obvious that brussels loses it 's appeal . 
   `` we would have eaten grass to rejoin europe , '' one senior central european politician recalled that is one of the reasons we got such a bad deal when we joined . 
  people here looked at the eu as a panacea that will fix all their problems while it just brought even more . 
  i hope that ukraine and moldova manage to get better deals than we did . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/the-economy-is-desperately-in-need-of-more-productive-young-immigrants-8931222.html they need to deal with the actual benefit leeches . 
  done . 
  it has nothing to do with the eu , but we should have jailed all the politicians from the 1990s before starting talks for joining . 
  we accepted every single condition without thinking it through or considering the consequences . 
  the eu made a huge mistake by let us join with such a corrupt political class and so much organized crime . 
  here the grudge is against the turks . 
  which is why russians have always been seen as liberators . 
  even during ww2 when we were on the side of germany we refused to send soldiers to the eastern front . 
  we never declared war to russia either , but that did n't stop them from declaring war on us ... 
  even though we did n't kill our jews the communists installed by stalin held the largest anti-fascist trial and killed 3000 `` nazi sympathizers '' without trial . 
  and still , even today they are still seen as liberators and brothers . 
  russians are once more the preferred tourists and preferred real estate buyers . 
  here we only hate gazprom , rosatom , putin and his clique and their local puppets . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2013/11/poland-and-eu?fsrc=scn/rd_ec/polands_emigration_headache poland is the best example what the eu does to the eastern countries . 
  it 's young and productive people have been sucked by the west leaving a crippled workforce and unmanageable social expenses . 
  the eu funds for poland have ended , the growth provided by the infrasctructure funds is over . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21266330 the biggest enemy to small business are the eu regulations . 
  poland like all other eastern countries does n't have the finances to cover everything so more and more people will lose their farms and work in the coming years . 
  you clearly have no idea about how the eu works , so just stop it . 
  just because you would does n't mean anything . 
  do you have a clue how expensive the eu is ? 
  new building standards , new automobile standards , new food standards , new competition from established european firms , new business regulations that completely drestroy the small business and the list just goes on and on . 
  saying `` no '' to the eu is n't the end of the world . 
  especially since in the eyes of germany , france and britain the eastern countries are only markets and sources of cheap labor . 
  i find that extremely hard to believe since my country joined 7 years ago and there has been no reduction at all . 
  merkel and our corrupt politicians shake hands and take pictures together while nothing improves . 
  in fact it keeps getting worse due to imposed taxes and regulations . 
  ukraine really should n't rush like we did . 
  they need to make sure that joining the eu does n't screw over their economy . 
   the future of russia does n't seem that bright even when compared to the troubles of the eu . 
  associating with russia will surely not help improve the ukrain 's problems with corruption and graft . 
  and association with the eu will ? 
  how ? 
  just look at greece , spain and italy where it did n't help one bit .
