   germany is not weaseling out it is though . 
  canada has no foreign policy . 
  they even canceled their space program , because the americans asked them to . 
  this kind of ass lickery is nothing new . 
  1960 is not after it 's reunification . 
  germany never paid back it 's full debt after the reunification . 
  that was just a fraction of the actual damages . 
  at the london conference greece agreed to negotiate the payment of the remaining money when germany is reunificated , germany never paid it 's debt . 
  that is still 10 times less than what germany is getting from the qe . 
  http://i.imgur.com/28fe535.png over 25 % of the 1 trillion euro qe program will go to germany . 
  how is that for free money ? 
  we paid greece 50 million dollars back in 1947 . 
  italy paid greece 105 million dollars back in 1947 . 
  only the german freeloaders refuse to pay back their debt . 
  bunch of parasites . 
  pay your debts . 
  who gives a shit about your politicians and electorate ? 
  greece agreed to wait until a reunification for it 's reparations and you never paid them back , even after the fact . 
  time to cough up . 
  the ecb is printing 1 trillion `` free money '' euro and going to give over 25 % of them to germany ( via qe ) . 
  who is the freeloader here ? 
  but will they keep the pedophiles from leaving belgium ? 
  and by `` work '' they mean free housing and welfare . 
  if they do n't like it here they should leave . 
   they tend to be strongly disliked by a specific segment of the population . 
  yes . 
  by people who are not total idiots . 
  american ambassadors behave like governors placed to rule foreign colonies . 
  the last american ambassador here was a notorious jackass , much like the current british one who talks too much . 
  http://www.standartnews.com/english/read/standart_exclusive_germany_starts_sending_back_syrian_refugees_back_to_bulgaria-1421.html germany send us back 3000 syrians in 2013 and 3000 + more in 2014 . 
  even if they leave , they will be send back . 
  why ? 
  because i see that the eu is shit ? 
  it 's amazing how blind people here are . 
  only 9 % see that the eu is a failed piece of trash . 
  it does n't matter if they take offense or not . 
  it 's an objective fact that their economic space is nothing more than lebensraum and an apendage of the german economy . 
  the labor intensive and badly paid jobs are moved to poland while the skilled and well paid stay in germany and get parts and materials from poland . 
  at the meanwhile poles buy second hand german cars and eat german scraps . 
  it 's sad and pathetic really . 
  the germans wanted to turn them into dependent client states like poland or southern europe , but it did n't work . 
  as if germans did it for any altruistic reasons . 
  they wanted to export to russia and get those sweet sweet hydrocarbons in return . 
  without any competition . 
  or when a german soldier told my great grandmother to smother her baby , because it was crying during an evacuation . 
  so many things to be thankful for . 
  what a shameful event . 
  seeing how france and germany conduct themselves during the last 5 years of financial and other crises ? 
  why not ? 
  france and italy have constantly shown far more understanding and solidarity with the rest of europe while germany has behaved like a loan shark and strong man . 
  germans will always be germans . 
   your source did n't really mention that the british prime minister disraeli was condoning ottoman atrocities on your people or was at odds with an independent bulgaria https://www.stratfor.com/weekly/disraeli-and-eastern-question  the results of the congress were mixed , but still positive enough for disraeli . 
  by revising the borders and sovereignty of the erstwhile greater bulgaria along with some other concessions , he bought more breathing room for the turks , whose empire would limp along for another 40 years until the end of the cataclysm of world war i. 
   but was propping up turkey really necessary to safeguard india ? 
  and did n't the anti-russian attitude that bulgaria adopted within a decade in any case disprove disraeli 's analysis ? 
  these are the questions his biographer blake asks . 
  but there is a larger , more important question . 
  the fact that disraeli felt british foreign policy had to override the reality of the atrocities and continue with its pro-turkish theme is understandable . 
  the foreign policy of any great power is often tragic because interests of state periodically clash with interests of a higher , universal morality . 
  but the fact that disraeli was not bothered by it is less understandable . 
  by apparently seeing the atrocities primarily as an inopportune nuisance , he did not see his resulting decisions as tragic at all . 
  there are many sources and many analyses . 
  most of them agree that what disraeli and bismark did was an atrocity . 
  http://www.britannica.com/ebchecked/topic/84194/bulgarian-horrors the british trade route to india needed russia out of the mediterranean . 
  disraeli needed the ottomans to control both sides of the bosphorus and he did just that at the expense of bulgarian lives . 
  levski and many other 's did n't like western europe either , with good reason . 
  we got screwed by the british who wanted to protect their trade route to india ( via turkey ) and by germany . 
  people here hate him and rightfully so . 
  after the april uprising he said that bulgarian lives are `` not worth the healthy bones of a single pomeranian grenadier . '', 
  bismark is one of the reasons bulgaria was cut in 3 pieces at the 1878 berlin conference . 
  if he had stood up to disraeli and negotiated better conditions for the balkan nations at the expense of the ottoman the balkan wars could have been avoided and the catalyst for ww1 would n't have happened . 
  fuck that guy . 
  i once saw two men kissing , but this is the gayest thing i have ever seen . 
  i do n't see how these rules will make this sub-reddit less of a circlejerk . 
  their vassals in warsaw and the baltics are getting restless that the usa is cutting staff and funding and directing it to their wars in the middle east so they need to put up a show for the unwashed masses east of berlin . 
  these pathetic displays are the best they have to offer , so i would n't worry . 
  what does mass sterilization of disabled and roma less than 50 years ago tell us about the human capital of a society ? 
  nato created heaven on earth in kosovo with their bombs . 
  why would people want to leave ? 
  http://tinyrevolution.com/mt/mt-static/images/flowers.jpg http://tinyrevolution.com/mt/mt-static/images/flowers2.jpg reminds me of this . 
  because we do n't take as many pills as scandinavia . 
  never . 
  i do n't feel european at all . 
  where are the compensations ? 
  his government fell due to a corruption scandal . 
  if poland liked him he would still be prime minister . 
  * last month a 21 year old girl was killed by a gypsy for about 20 euro . 
  he was already convicted of murder and had served a 13 year sentence . 
  he has 5 children all placed in state institutions and paid for by us . 
  * last week a 64 year old man was killed by a group of 14 and 15 year old gypsies for telling them to stop harassing a girl . 
  * horror stories about robbed , killed and raped elderly people happen all every few months . 
  so , you could say it 's pretty bad . 
  fuck the people who want to pay less for energy , as long as brussels keeps washington happy . 
  on the way out . 
  do n't let the door hit you where the good lord split you . 
  so spending millions on operation in iraq and afghanistan , getting bulgarians killed for american oil is very smart ? 
  why not ? 
  [ germany behaves like the mafia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xgamprxv48 ) , so why should n't people call them out on that ? 
  why ? 
  ca n't they stay on their own continent ?
