  the worst part is that the eu gives 6000 euro for every migrant , so i am afraid that all 40 000 might end up here , because of the greedy fucks we have in office . 
  germans man , as unfunny as ever . 
  [ wild card , bitches !, 
  then nato will bomb your hospitals , bridges , schools and your chinese embassy . 
  you better get ready for armed insurgency and autonomous regions propped by nato then . 
  have they started fighting corruption ? 
  if they have , why is biden 's son still board member of that gas concern ? 
  she is the ruler of germany , the largest economy of europe . 
  she is bland , boring and predicable . 
  germans love bland , boring and predicable stuff so she is a perfect fit for them . 
  her being a woman has absolutely nothing to do with anything . 
  ukrainian refugees would n't want to stay in eastern europe either when they have free borders and can move to germany or britain . 
  it 's not worth watering down consumer protection and health regulations . 
  it 's fine . 
  kosovo and albania are under the protectorate of usa , so they can support terrorism if they want . 
  same with turkey and saudi arabia . 
  bathing in the blood of defenseless animals is what makes danish people , so happy . 
  yeah . 
  the media needs to give credit where credit is due . 
  it 's an american plot to destabilize the region and block the turkish stream pipeline . 
  because they pop anti-depressants like smarties . 
  the americans are cooking up something dirty . 
  you can expect military escalation in the middle of june by kiev so that the sanctions stay in place . 
  stop letting swedish people in norway . 
  well , your flair shows that you are from northern turkey . 
  good . 
  otherwise the 29 million romanians and bulgarians living in england will sway the vote . 
  i find both disgusting and misogynist . 
  it 's very problematic that you are trying to present the latter as acceptable . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/10880548/why-i-want-an-arranged-marriage.html arranged marriages in britain are `` empowering '' , but in chechnya they are `` barbaric '' . 
  what are you going to export to europe ? 
  the french and spanish get thousands of euro in subsidies to make cheap milk and food , how are you going to compete with them ? 
  the germans will use you as cheap labor on their farms and factories like they do with the polish . 
  you fucked up by trusting them . 
   they 're fighting there own people so they can be independent and more russian focused they were a bunch of fascists from the right sector and svoboda who chanted anti-semitic and anti-russian slogans . 
  the right leaning oligarchs gave them money , food and weapons to camp at the square so that they can get into power like in 2004 . 
  the americans gave media and financial support to tymoshenko , yatsenyuk , klithcko and others to get rid of yanukovych who wanted a better deal from the eu . 
  the eu wanted free trade with ukraine . 
  a deal that benefits only germany and a few other eu states . 
  yanukovych wanted more aid to modernize his country before allowing eu produce to flood it 's markets . 
  fuck the eu . 
  time for germans to suck it up and shave off most of the debt . 
  their pig headed approach of holding the euro hostage until syriza falls apart is clearly not working . 
  we lost 200 000 men trying to liberate the bulgarians in macedonia and they have been spitting in our face for the last 70 years . 
  we would n't lift a finger . 
  hasans and aishas . 
  britain was stripped of it 's `` world power '' status during the suez canal crisis when the us president threatened to destroy their currency . 
  they have been playing second violin since then . 
  i wish voting here required being literate . 
  only 2500 per person for enduring hell ? 
  what a load of populist bullshit . 
  the usa never gives money . 
  they drop bombs or give old equipment so that they can buy new bombs and equipment from the military industry which in turn can use some of that money to pay for neocon politicians re-elections . 
  do n't expect anything else from the americans . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/employment_social/social_monitor/images/ineq_1.png poland , latvia and uk all have higher income inequality than bulgaria . 
  the roma are an outlier , not the norm . 
  there will be less than 5 million people living here . 
  all roma will have moved to sweden and all turks will have moved to germany and britain . 
  80 % of people will be concentrated in the 10 large cities and the other 20 % will be foreigners owning summer houses near the beach or winter resorts . 
  if we are lucky , japan will have developed robots and people will have basic income . 
  if we are not lucky the world will be going to war over the last reserves of helium left and antibiotic resistance will wipe out the human race . 
  allowing foreign agents to instigate riots and mass unrest by handing out cookies and bribes is worse . 
  ask nuland . 
  they are going to sell them to anyone who wants to buy . 
  to be fair , it 's a shitty song . 
  some of the students from turkey do n't drink while all of the bulgarian turks love to go out and drink with their colleagues . 
  it really depends on the individuals , but as a general rule the turkish students do n't bother to learn bulgarian and that hinders their interactions . 
   most of the time i can tell they are turkish only from their names mostly , because bulgarian turks do n't look like actual turks . 
  it 's super easy to spot a turkish student in the university i went to . 
  they have bigger heads and shorter hands , their foreheads are elongated , their hair and beards are not as straight . 
  it 's even easier to recognize turkish girls in the university . 
  they have bright red lipstick , long blond-ish dyed hair , big butts , rounder jaws , lots of eye liner and generally shorter . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxr8urrh1ac poverty in the usa during the 80s was notoriously bad . 
  it still is in detroit and other industrial hubs . 
  it takes a special kind of ignorance for louis to pretend that russia and eastern europe were a special case when it took them less than a decade to shake off crisis of the 90s and rebuild . 
  especially when the usa still has regions like baltimore and new orleans where the murder rate is higher than in nigeria . 
  it 's a stupid and offensive `` story '' . 
  the louis sucks ass . 
  i would punch him in his bald fat ginger fuck-face , if i had the chance . 
  not only for this video , but because he is an overrated hack that does n't understand comedy and hates clowns . 
  because poverty and homelessness in washington and new york in the 1970s were any different . 
  he is telling a story in which he is completely ignorant of the situation of the people around him and he has n't bothered to understand their situation even 21 years later . 
  he is an pretentious prick . 
  it 's a pretty stupid and offensive story . 
  the orphans sniffing glue in the 90s were anything but funny . 
  what a pretentious fuck . 
  i would n't attack serbia and greece in 1913 . 
  focus on a diplomatic solution for parts of macedonia to prevent the thracian genocide of 1913 and keep odrin . 
  it 's going to shit and that is where it belongs . 
  you cant sell the machine to people who are unemployed and you force to cut their food , medical and other expenses to pay you back your interests . 
  you can either give them room to breathe or you can kiss your debt goodbye . 
  they are european citizen and can shit where they want . 
  the top performing pisa countries base their whole education system around getting good scores on pisa tests . 
  their students are n't completely rounded individuals , just bees that do well on tests . 
  there is no tangible guarantee that these scores will result in better job performance or more efficiency . 
  radio free europe is just using the results to bash eastern europeans . 
  http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2015/1/pisa-scores-are-overrated.html http://www.bbc.com/news/business-32608772  but a leading uk head teacher , sir anthony seldon , criticised such league tables as `` arguably doing more harm than good '' . 
   `` they are skewing schools and national education systems away from real learning towards repetitive rote learning , '' said sir anthony , head of wellington college in berkshire . 
  pisa scores are n't all that . 
  it 's funny how american media dismisses these tests as not objective to grade their own students , but they use them to bash eastern europeans .
