  it 's happens here as well . 
  it 's my least favorite thing to do , but das herrenvolk are asking for it and someone has to do it . 
  of course she does . 
  all of the changes britain wants are aimed against southern and eastern europeans . 
  cutting benefits , removing free travel , blocking people from using the nhs , forcing them to wear a symbol on their cloths , etc. 
  i lost 100 karma defending greece today . 
  i know that this sub is shit . 
  it 's hard not to take borderline retarded posts seriously . 
  force of habit , sorry . 
  now do one about the british doctors leaving for australia and new zealand . 
  they have a budget surplus . 
  if they did n't have to pay back interest payments to germany they would manage just fine . 
  plus new investors would approach them once they are able to generate growth . 
  tens of thousands in the future . 
  the first 7500 in a few months . 
  they do n't need money transfers nor do they need austerity . 
  they need to stop paying back to imf and ecb . 
  16 000 so far and [ tens of thousands more will be send back from germany ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/165754/three+eu+countries+'to+send+7500+refugees+back+to+bulgaria' ) in the future . 
  fucking krauts , always rigging the rules to only benefit themselves . 
  good . 
  fuck the creditors . 
  their problems were caused by the bad monetary union and lack of oversight over the banks who were lending too much without risk assessments . 
  when the banks started sinking in their own shit they got bailed out and all of the blame was shifted to greece . 
  the banks should have been left to fail and wipe out the pensions of the germans and french instead . 
  a land bridge to greece , an outside border that houses unwanted middle easterners , tens of thousands of doctors and nurses and loyal puppets in the face of borisov and stanishev that do everything asked of them for a few scraps . 
  you do n't make people rich by chaining them with debt payments , by restricting who they can trade with and by dictating at what age they are allowed to retire . 
  the germans want more control over the rest of europe ? 
  quelle surprise . 
  it 's obvious that this sub reddit is a circle jerk of pro-eu shills that ca n't handle dissent and resort to personal attacks and conspiracy theories . 
  like you . 
   should not be a moderator of / r/europe or ** any other subreddit that aims to be neutral , civil or serious ** . 
  good thing that this is r/europe then . 
  it wo n't be fine unless something is done about it . 
  ataka voters love germans , because they love nsdap doe . 
  you are not allowed to complain about your diminishing quality of life and future prospect as long as you can afford toilet paper . 
  bild does and it 's the same . 
   italy is country that has been , in the last 20 years , capable of keeping its accounts under control and of ranking as one the best performing countries in europe and in the world the germans do n't care . 
  you are southerners therefore lazy mooches . 
  yeah , give the biggest warmongers an excuse to arm themselves to the teeth . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  their police was caught discriminating against white male applicants . 
  why would this case be different ? 
  he was n't from africa , otherwise they would have given him a house and a pension . 
  we should stay in until the gypsies move to france and sweden . 
  not true . 
  there are a lot of sweatshops in europe that employ asian migrants . 
  italy has an textile production region where half of the workers are chinese . 
  foxconn has a factory in the czech republic that employs vietnamese and central asians , not all but some . 
  they are checking good routes for invasion . 
  they are interested in other androgynous beings ? 
  chief . 
  in honor of the only book he has ever read - winnetou . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-swedish_war_ ( 1788 -- 90 )  the western powers -- such as great britain , the dutch republic and the kingdom of prussia -- were alarmed by a string of russian victories in the russo -- turkish war ( 1787 -- 1792 ) and lobbied for the war in the north , which would have diverted the attention of catherine ii of russia from the southern theatre . 
  it was at their instigation that gustav concluded an alliance with the ottoman empire in the summer of 1788 . 
  however , only the ottoman empire was willing to ally with sweden while great britain , the dutch republic , and prussia rejected efforts to form an alliance this is typical pre-19th century behaviour . 
  western empires and autocracies banding together against russia to distract people from their internal messes . 
  so you ca n't counter that water tight rebuttal and you are going to stoop to ad hominems ? 
   that 's one of the reasons why even today , russians have a preference for strong leaders . 
  why ca n't it be the other way around ? 
  europe 's constants aggression against russians and the successful resistance by their strong leaders feeds their desire for strong leaders ? 
  if european werent such imperialist dickbags russians might have been able to loosen up . 
  `` europe '' in this context means germany , france and britain . 
  they are pretty united about exploiting everyone else for their own benefits . 
  `` europe '' wants week neighbors and client states that can be controlled by handouts and waving visa free travel in front of them . 
  it 's a shitty project that only benefits 2-3 countries . 
  at that time , chief borisov was beating his chest how romania is failing to absorb eu money , because of incompetence and corruption while he was giving the contracts to build highways to constructions firms close to himself . 
  now the chief is back with a new government and has vowed to make you breathe his dust again . 
  fighting over last place is * so fun * . 
  we are a special case , because our whole economy was a sham held together by handouts from russia . 
  we used to get train loads of ore to produce heavy metals thousands of kilometers away from the dig sites . 
  every piece of our industry was unsustainable and unprofitable . 
  we were getting tankers of oil for next to nothing . 
  our largest export partner was the ussr . 
  of the warsaw countries we hit the ground the hardest . 
  he is right . 
  latvia and estonia have little time left . 
  we are n't that different . 
  we used to be ruled by the same dynasty for a while . 
  romanians used cyrillic until 1850ish . 
  their desire to be considered little france is a recent development . 
  they are nice people with a rich history and culture . 
  the second largest tourist group we get are russians . 
  this year half of them will not come , because we are spineless eu whores . 
  all countries in the eu are equal , but some will become more equal than others . 
  it was part of our history as well . 
  do n't forget that . 
  the ottomans used to pay ethiopian christians money to turn african slaves into junichs to be used as harem guards and prevent them from having children . 
  the ottoman had a very strict racial structure where the church was handled exclusively by greeks , trade was handled by greeks and jews , janissaries were mostly serbs , bulgarians and albanians because they had a knack for military and administration . 
  turks are very familiar with skin color based racism . 
  https://medium.com/all-about-women/i-am-not-a-feminist-a9ab54270d1f  let 's suppose , as many people do , that a primary goal of feminism is equality . 
  then let 's look at the most popular iteration of feminism , as represented in the signs of beyonc\u00e9 and julia and assess it against this fundamental aim . 
  we find that what is sought is not actual equality of the sort that would , say , redeem poor women , or men , from poverty and powerlessness but a very conditional equality . 
  our era 's widely practised feminism sees wealth and power inequality as a necessary condition . 
  the only problem feminism has with unequally distributed wealth and power is that women do n't have their unequal share of it . 
  american feminism is a product that is labeled and packaged by corporations . 
  eastern europe and asia is where real feminism actually existed and the results are that women here perform much better in education and work without whining about quotas . 
  she is turkish . 
  she should account for the crimes of her fathers and pay the greeks , armenians and us some money for the centuries of abuse and oppression . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.segabg.com/pic/11531/708870-l.jpg ) is very funny , but you need to understand the political context . 
  kudos to the estonian minister .
