  our aggressiveness and military outlook is not at all the same as germany 's . 
   and you forget that in the bigger operations , like uruzgan , that the germans are also part of the same operation . 
  that actually proves my point . 
  the germans were in the relatively uneventful north . 
  we were in the shit in the south , along with the brits , americans and aussies . 
  we went to iraq , they did n't . 
  we went to mali first , they joint way later . 
  we 're bombing iraq and syria , they 're not . 
  i could go on , but i think my point is clear . 
   foreign politics of netherlands and germany are way more in line with each other than the foreign politics of netherlands and the uk . 
  not if you look at our military deployments . 
  we are way more likely to deploy alongside france and the uk than germany . 
   you usually need the acceptance of both participants to do something legally . 
  that 's exactly the problem . 
   though i ca n't see dutch tank battalion being sent abroad , for good reasons . 
  contrary to what normally happens in the military world , we for some reason learn from our mistakes . 
  seeing as tf uruzgan begged for armored support during our stint there , i can see heavy armored units being deployed during our next adventure abroad . 
  the thing is that these sort of cooperation schemes rarely work out . 
  train as you fight is going out the window with this kind of thing . 
  to use a historical example : the uk/nl landing force was a fully integrated force , ready to jointly deploy . 
  on the eve of operation iraqi freedom , the brits were ready to go invade iraq , but we did not join the initial invasion . 
  this led to disappointment , frustration , and anger from both sides . 
  mark my words , the exact same thing will happen here , except to us . 
  we will deploy somewhere , and the germans will not join us due to their strict rules on military deployment . 
  luckily , we 'll still have the tanks then . 
  tiny member state , but also the sixth economy of the union . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  most people in / r/thenetherlands vote on d66 or pvda . 
  my point is that canada is a strong ally of france and niger is under france 's military protection . 
  it is almost a colony . 
  it is a lot harder for britain to protect bp 's wells in the middle east . 
  that 's not exactly the same . 
  judging from the comment above , france has guaranteed access to those resources . 
   the song was created around the 80 year war , it was sort off our theme song for all the `` duitsen '' ( germany and netherlands were 1 empire ) fighting the spanish , this included the dutch , it was meant to promote our comradery . 
  this is not correct . 
  matter of fact , the holy roman empire ( that included all of present day germany ) supported spain . 
  the only germans supporting the dutch were mercenaries and the duchy of nassau . 
  i think the lesson to be learned here is that some people care and some do n't . 
  lets not speak for all dutch people . 
  you 're right , china does have strategic bombers , however india does not . 
  the united states and russia both have strategic bombers . 
  the uk , france and china do not . 
  i edited my post , sorry . 
  china , france and the united kingdom are all incapable of independently sending bombers far from its shore , since one needs bomber for that . 
  there is only one other country besides russia that can independently send strategic bombers far from its shore . 
  probably to show that they are still relevant and have the capability to do such a thing . 
  that 's just speculation though . 
  i really doubt that theory . 
  how exactly would they test that ? 
  the french could scramble 10 minutes later to confuse the russians , and moscow probably knows that . 
  the french probably knew where those bears were from the moment they left russian air space . 
  response time has nothing to do with it . 
  i ca n't really imagine the 43rd mechanized brigade conducting hybrid warfare in the streets of antwerp . 
  the comparison is skewed anyway . 
  north holland or south holland are probably just as rich as flanders as a whole . 
  moreover i guess belgium would become part of the kingdom of the netherlands , not a subsidiary to the netherlands . 
  i agree . 
  this rumour has been floating around for quite some time now and the italians never made a move . 
  maybe the hostage killings were the final straw , but i still do n't really see it . 
  [ royal netherlands navy ] ( https://www.defensie.nl/english/organisation/navy ) is the name we use ourselves . 
  i think its a linguistic reason . 
  royal dutch navy is kinda weird . 
  interestingly enough , before the last paris attacks , the rnlaf had actually conducted more missions above iraq than the arm\u00e9e de l'air . 
  i personally would n't see my country joining a political union ( wherein i would still have a democratic vote ) with our neighbors as losing independence . 
  i 'm just worried that my country will not have a say in international affairs , especially since a large majority of our hdp depends on revenue generated abroad . 
  how about the fifty years after that ? 
  to me european federalism is about ensuring europe 's independence well into the 22nd century . 
  but that is not what is happening in the video . 
  they are argueing if the should we fire back russian icbm 's are in the air . 
  they decide not to . 
  however you see that there actually is a majority in favor of firing once london has actually been hit . 
  they will still retaliate . 
  according to / u/crnaruka it was 700 in total in 2015 compared to 700 in january/february . 
  massive increase . 
  nothing in comparison ? 
  i would call it a pretty dramatic increase . 
  but trident is supposed to be deterrence . 
  the point made by the committee is that once deterrence has failed , there is no point in killing more people . 
  nuclear genocide is already happening , why contribute to it ? 
  at least that is what i got out of it . 
  does n't the same thing apply ? 
  what is the point in firing back ? 
  in the mind of that committee , trident was only a deterrent . 
  once the deterrent has failed , there is no point in firing it . 
  but those same commitments are already useless . 
  why kill a few millions more just to prove that you would have done so . 
  i think you misunderstood what was happening . 
  the americans and russians were already about to fire their nuclear missiles at each other . 
  what would have been the point in even firing ? 
  the deterrence had already failed . 
  yeah but would be the point at firing them at all ? 
  would n't it just be a petty act of revenge beyond the grave ? 
  why participate in the genocide ? 
  the point is that they have their nuclear weapons for deterrence , once deterrence has failed , what 's the point in firing them ? 
  the only thing you would do was kill ` innocent ' russians that would already be killed by the americans . 
  at least that is what i got out of it . 
  at first i was really annoyed by baroness falkner , however at the last meeting i really felt bad for her , she was n't exactly right but still . 
  three quarters of dutch gdp comes from revenue earned abroad . 
  that means we are extremely dependant on international trade and politics . 
  by ourselves we are ` just ' the world 's 27th economy and we have decent international influence .
