  i myself just prefer the netherlands to holland . 
  i think it sounds nicer . 
  but i agree that it is a bit pointless to go around correcting people on the internet about it . 
  very well point taken . 
  i live outside the randstad though , that might have something to do with it . 
  besides football do we though ? 
  i 've never really heard someone refer to the netherlands as holland . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted . 
  georgia was an outright invasion . 
  russian military units publicly entered the country and engaged georgian forces . 
  our philosophy exam is waaaaaay different . 
  you ( on my level , havo ) get 3 hours . 
  sixteen questions in total first you get an exercise with a context story . 
  first exercise : ** fort europa **  lampedusa is an italian island in the mediterranean . 
  the inhabitants of this island live mainly from fishing and tourism . 
  every year tens of thousands of immigrants try to get to europe via lampedusa often in rickety and overcrowded boats they cross the mediterranean sea from north africa . 
  regular such a boat is sinks and the immigrants drown . 
  the italian film terraferma takes place in and around lampedusa . 
  protagonist is the 20-year-old filippo . 
  he and his grandfather ernesto have an old fishing boat . 
  one day , as filippo and ernesto are fishing , see they have a boat at sea african immigrants . 
  ernesto warns the italian coastguard and they give him the command to keep away from the boat . 
  but when a few of the immigrants jump in the water and start swiming towards filippo 's boat , ernesto decides to save them . 
   it is , after all , an old law of the sea   that dictates that you need to help people in need on the sea . 
     the next day the police seize the boat of  filippo and ernesto . 
  they have offered assistance to illegal immigrants and that under italian law is illegal . 
   many fishers do not agree with this law . 
  they believe that the law of the sea outweighs the law of the state . 
    in the philosophical discussion about duties there is a difference between positive and negative duties . 
   robert nozick and peter singer differ with each other on the whether we are obliged to help those in need  questions are like this : explain whether the law of the sea is a positive or a negative duty . 
  then argue with the positive and / or negative duty : * whether the fishermen according to singer , need to help illegal immigrants at sea , and * whether the fishermen according to nozick , need to helpe illegal immigrants at sea there are about 5 or 6 questions per exercise and three exercises in total . 
  well eurosceptic political parties would be anti-integration . 
  well that 's encouraging ... 
  does anyone have the numbers of spain , netherlands and/or scandinavia ? 
  * - ^ ^ ^ still ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ really ^ ^ ^ see ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ point ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ this ... 
  sure mate . 
  the f-16 's would 've flown anyway . 
  i agree . . 
  no problem . 
  no i 've never been to that sub ... 
  i 've never been racists towards anyone . 
  not on reddit and not in real life . 
  you got me confused with someone else mate . 
  uh dude , do i know you ? 
  i do n't even recall saying anything about turkey the last few months ... 
  what 's the point of this op ? 
  wat is je punt nou ? 
  but why wo n't they just move tactical warheads from omsk to sevastopol for example ? 
  further away from whom ? 
  they move closer to turkey and greece , two strong nato nations in the region . 
  a similar outlook on world politics ? 
  what outlook would that be ? 
  britain seems far more ... ambitious than denmark . 
  the uk also has more global obligations and special overseas ties like the special relationship , the commonwealth , hong kong etc. 
  i know that denmark is active overseas , in afghanistan etc. 
  but i do not think the countries can be compared . 
  unless i 'm wrong of course , i 'd be the first to say that i 'm not overtly familiar with danish foreign policy . 
  something that will only happen again once the qe enters service . 
  but even then , the submarine escorts will be nuclear . 
  so your argument is a bit weak . 
  there are only two examples of a conventional cbg operating with diesel-electric submerged escorts and one of them :  s\u00e3o paulo has suffered from serviceability issues and has never managed to operate for more than three months at a time without the need for repairs and maintenance is not really operational . 
  so there is only on nation , india , that uses conventional escorts for its conventional carrier forces , and they are getting another akula class , so their idea of a conventional cbg is kinda shaky . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't really follow . 
  what is your explanation for these people stealing that water ? 
   oh , people of african descent are native to europe now ? 
  if i move to the us , does that make me a native american ? 
  if i move to china , do i become native chinese ? 
  not that i agree or disagree with you , but i feel like this is a faulty statement given the context . 
  you have no idea if these people were born in britain or not . 
  the leo 's have shown to be capabel in reinforcing the abc islands though , there was a big exercise in 06 ' i believe , where we landed an entire battalion on aruba and cura\u00e7ao [ this is a pic from back then . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mbfnvwk.jpg ) i think we bought that second lpd 's specially for this . 
  and what do we do , we sell them . 
  i do . 
  is this about srebrenica ? 
  denmark send its cv9035dk 's along with it 's leo 's and it was great success . 
  i expect the 43rd to want to get in on that . 
   in irak you were n't part of the initial invasion force and only remained there for 2 years . 
  and you were n't part of that mission at all . 
  you asked for examples , i gave them to you . 
  as for mali , there is a big difference between logistical support and actually sending attack helicopters and sf . 
  your ground element came to replace our forces . 
  moreover , you did not provide half the planes the french used . 
  you send a grand total of three transall c-160 's and a a310 mrtt . 
  by that standard we also did more initially , seeing as we send two kdc-10 's and four c-130 's . 
  it is n't a contest , but yours was a bad example . 
  iraq during oif . 
  iraq and syria currently , as in we are bombing and germany is not . 
  mali initially . 
  korea if you want to go further back . 
   iraq was politically a shit storm . 
  in the end only a handful of trainers went . 
  this untrue , two battalions of marines were sent to iraq as well as support elements . 
   also mali mostly only a commando mission , after france asked for assistance . 
  point being ? 
  we went in hard , with apache 's , chinooks and sf . 
  germany came in way later  what i mean to say is that the dutch foreign war policy is not blindly walking behind the usa , like the uk . 
  and not being the primary part in an invasion . 
  the dutch foreign war policy is that we help everyone who asks for help . 
  while the german foreign war policy is less active , it 's basically the same . 
  i 'm no expert on foreign policy but our willingness to deploy military does not at all correspond with germany .
