  slowly replace them with a more common tank like the leopard . 
  for an apc/ifv take something like the swedish cv90 or the german boxer . 
  air force is a bit more tricky . 
  the most simple thing would be for all nations to adopt the eurofighter , but i do n't see the french and the swedish giving up on dassault and saab . 
  this might actually be a good thing . 
  the us air force also employs a wide range of planes for different roles . 
  let saab , dassault and eads cooperate and provide europa with a sufficient air force . 
  the combined european navy would be the biggest navy in the world , with 66 guided missle ships , 58 submarines and 4 aircraft carriers it is a force to be reckoned with . 
  i do n't think there has to be much change in this area , european navies already cooperate much , so further integration should be a little bit easier then with the other branches . 
  in terms of size it should probably number a good 700k men and woman . 
  its main role should be to protect europe while still being able to maintain the peace around the globe if needed . 
  nuclear weapons is more of a personal opinion . 
  they are a useful deterrence but not really needed . 
  please note that the above is a personal '' analyse '' of an armchair general and it would probably only work in an european federation of some sort . 
  this would n't work in the current union because the member states have different interests . 
  if a military coup occurs in suriname , do you really think that danish marines would be willing to go in because the netherlands want to ? 
  sorry for the wall of texts and the mediocre english . 
  tl ; dr = a real eu army would only be possible in a unified europe . 
  you do n't get the point , there is a pretty big difference between for example the nsa and the defense intelligence agency, 
  that 's not really the purpose of a military intelligence agency, 
   this is an excellent point . 
  the least integrated people i would know are nigerian christians . 
  the thing is , in places like france the most ` foreign ' immigration was from muslim countries . 
  this allows people to paint groups a single colour completely the opposite with me . 
  in my experience sub-saharan africans integrate better then northern africans . 
  nigerians and kenyans learn dutch and try to find jobs in the construction and service industries , while moroccans and algerians are very religious and have troubles interacting with society . 
  of course this does n't apply to all nigerians and/or moroccans, 
  i think you misconstruing some of these comments , if someones brings up crime statistics of immigrants in a thread about boys of north-african descent that 's perfectly on-topic . 
  if someone says most of the africans in nigeria are black , and another person replies with statistics showing that most africans in nigeria are indeed black , then its simply stating the facts, 
  maybe they are afraid of riots or claims of racism and are kind of forced to give minimum sentences, 
  the parents of kids behaving badly are monitored by social services and the police . 
  and you are the one constantly creating these links . 
  i 'm not saying all immigrants are criminals . 
  i 'm merely stating the fact that , although they a pretty slim minority in terms of population , they still make up almost 50 % of all crime . 
  this is a problem and it needs to be dealt with in an adequate social way . 
   but there is no way to possibly no which of the immigrants are these ` bad apples ' of course there is , these are the kids that are getting arrested and are on the watch lists of the police and in some cases even the aivd . 
  and i 'm not inciting hate against anyone , i 'm merely stating the facts . 
  buy a dutch , german or french newspapers and see it for yourself . 
  i believe that immigrants are being treated poorly and are prone to racism and because of that a lot of them retort to crime . 
  sigh , you do n't get it do you ? 
  because of a faulty upbringing of their children and a very wrong , sometimes radical social circle this minority occupies a massive percentage of the prison population . 
  i do n't blame immigrants as a whole , i blame the ( predominately muslim ) portion of the immigrants that refuse to integrate in european society and instead act like they life in the middle ages . 
  these people hide behind fancy words like multiculturalism while they blame society for not accepting their children , while they sent their children to islamist schools and refuse to punish bad behavior , instead relying on faith to bring them on the right path . 
  so when the majority of the crimes are committed by immigrants its wrong to blame them ? 
  its not the majority of the north african population , its a majority of the crimes, 
  but some of the allegations in this thread are correct . 
  i know for example that the crime rate for moroccan youth is higher then ethnic dutch youth in my country . . 
  i would n't say that this is a racist thread . 
  people are simply calling for more severe punishment, 
  i think you do a good job . 
  how is it wrong though ? 
  as far as i know there is n't a consensus as to the precise area eastern europe refers to . 
  i know some people that call germany , austria and the czech republic , central europe . 
  to them everything east of germany is eastern europe . 
  the same thing is happening with pilots in the netherlands , every year hundreds or even thousands of students apply for flight school . 
  after finishing flight school , some of them actually have to pay airlines so that they can have flight hours . 
  43rd mechanized has seen plenty of action though , and so have several elements of the 1st panzerdivision . 
  my point is more that we tend to be more . . ` enthusiastic ' with our military . 
  i 'm afraid our guys will end up fighting in the middle east or north africa without the germans . 
  on paper its all great but the reality is a little different . 
  as for the tanks , several isaf countries did bring their tanks to afghanistan . 
  i believe they had a positive impact . 
  bad move in my opinion . 
  geographically and culturally it makes sense , but these are military matters . 
  the netherlands uses their military in a very different way compared to germany . 
  i fear that while these units might train together they will never actually fight together . 
  train as you fight -- fight as you train is well established within the system of the most militaries . 
  however now we will train with germans but we will fight alongside the british and the french . 
  no that 's a holland-class offshore patrol vessel . 
  i believe that was [ zr.ms . 
  where is france in all of this ? 
  i have barely heard anything from paris on this entire matter . 
  you do n't even have to that far back . 
  you can just look at the number of children in each of the generation of your own family !, 
  i was hinting more towards things like colonialism , slavery and general barbarism . 
  while you 're not necessarily wrong , that attitude will bite us in the ass somewhere this century or the next . 
  wo n't be long till 8 billion people start openly asking if the west deserves its '' luck '' . 
  that 's a lesson that all societies learn along the way . 
  you have the right to fight for it though . 
  indeed , having a lot of children has kind of been an insurance policy for a lot of african and asian households . 
  when child mortality reaches '' normal '' levels these countries will no longer have such a high birthrate . 
  i do n't think they would even be in the eu to begin with . 
  they probably would have to renegotiate everything . 
  and spain could just veto their membership bid . 
  true , i guess . 
  not to be pedantic but iran is n't an arab country . 
  the point he is making is pretty obvious . 
  he 's saying that far-right eventually leads to death and destruction . 
  but has something really been achieved that way ? 
  thanks !, 
  does anyone have the full premise ? 
  i would be bitter too if i was n't living under the holy light of our glorious king [ willie the fourth ] ( https://i.imgur.com/o3rdr7i.jpg ) . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't get where your hate is coming from . 
  you 're mistaking batner for some kind of country-wide grudge against your nation . 
  how are things in belgium by the way ? 
  any talk of increasing the defense budget ? 
  it is n't as simple as that . 
  the nsa does not handle '' in-country spying '' . 
   it is responsible for global monitoring , collection , and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . 
  and they assist the us military and other agencies and provide them with the data the nsa collects if necessary .
