i ca n't even remember the time we had our old currency , let alone convert its price . 
  i see ireland leaves along with the uk . 
  is the analogy that bad ? 
  he is not wrong . 
  6 million will not decide the fate of 60 million . 
  does n't gazprom sponsor the champions league ? 
  exactly, 
  this is n't going to be a popular opinion judging by the tone of this thread , but i think letting 100,000 people a year drown in the med is kinda morally wrong . 
  the funny thing is that few people in europe feel like america is paying for us , while lots of americans feel like they are paying for europe . 
  you think this is about responsibility and being uncertain about the future intentions of europe , while i 'm pretty sure that the current leaders of europe have this perfectly figured out . 
  the only responsibility we have , is making sure that europe 's interest are protected and that we continue to grow strong . 
  the last three decades we have had the united states protect our interest worldwide , while we stepped in where we thought it was necessary . 
  if the united states no longer is a reliable ally/tool ( depending on who you ask ) , we move on . 
  do you really think that a group of countries that are older than western civilization in north america are uncertain about our future intentions ? 
  we have played this game for centuries . 
  when america no longer provides what we want , we 'll invest in the means that will get us what we want . 
  but that 's not happening as long as there is n't any reason for us to change . 
  even after the obama administration tried to pressure the eu by pivoting to the pacific , it quickly moved thousands of extra troops and billions of dollars to europe the moment russia started stirring around . 
  make that two decades . 
  after that we 'll see . 
  funny thing is , its not like america can reduce spending once it cuts of '' euro defense spending '' . 
  because if you force us to militarization , it will mean that we 'll be another potential threat . 
  it ' l be interesting to see how the us handles china , europe , and india . 
  maybe that 's why you 're paying for us . 
  maybe you do n't like the idea of losing worldwide influence . 
  because like it or not , europe is still a 192.5 billion extension of your military . 
  would suck to lose that . 
  then again i do n't even agree with the hypothesis in the first place . 
  sorry i do n't really follow , according to you why would europe spend more on defense if the current superpower ( the us ) is in our pocket . 
  as long as their interest remain in line with ours there really is n't a reason for europe to change anything . 
  europe is powerful enough to defeat all upcoming superpowers and the current one is pretty much our bitch , enabling us to strengthen our society . 
  i do n't agree with your hypothesis , but that would be my answer . 
  she is not reflecting her own opinion . 
  she is stating that : * the european union has been established by the relevant treaties among the member states . 
  the commission , as the guardian of those treaties , is responsible for overseeing their implementation , including the implementation of provisions related to the accession of any european state to the union * the treaties apply to the member states . 
  when part of the territory of a member state ceases to be a part of that state , e.g. 
  because that territory becomes an independent state , ** the treaties will no longer apply to that territory . 
  ** these are not opinions , this is european law . 
  i do n't understand how you can disregard a statement by the european commission on the matter . 
  christina mckelvie of the scottish parliament asked if scotland would ` inherit ' eu membership . 
  the eu said no . 
  plain and simple . 
  i 'm not going to argue with you on this if you are unwilling to accept that scotland wo n't insta-join the eu . 
  i know right ? 
  the vice-president of the european commission on justice , fundamental rights and citizenship does n't know shit . 
  i do n't support scottish independence !, 
  ^ ^ ^ pleasedontletusdrown, 
  it says '' proud of our boys '' our boys in this case being the national squad that was playing in the 2008 uefa european football championship . 
  most of the time the phrase is used to refer to either our troops in the military or the national football squad . 
  [ that 's willem - ** alexander ** to you , british pleb ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b7gwbii.jpg ), 
  ] ( http://www.murdoconline.net/2008/orange_tank.jpg ), 
  he is always either '' president van de verenigde staten or president van amerika '', 
  the spanish one is really cool . 
  it really has that shard vibe going on . 
   when asked about washington 's budget plans and the threat of further sequestration in 2016 , bush said it was too early to estimate what effect they would have on the company 's future . 
   `` while the u.s. budget continues to be challenging , we have potential long-term opportunities , '' he said . 
  well judging by your source , their revenue took a hit of 400 million dollar , seems pretty affecting by me . 
  good long term investment . 
  those storages may come in handy some day . 
  this was 2 years ago , the full extent of the downsize was n't know back then . 
  [ today was a good day ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2cs0lm/internet_users_per_country_in_europe/cjil5co?context=3 ), 
  yeah , suck on that finland !, 
  jezus dude . . 
  no not just the netherlands , nato countries in general . 
  the problem is that interest-groups want to force the military to lower training standards so that women can join the more physical demanding mos 's . 
  this is a very bad idea because it will weaken these units overall . 
  women should be allowed to try to join every unit , but training standards should never be lowered just because they are women . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_bosnia_and_herzegovina_to_nato better hurry up then, 
   do you really believe that politicians act without the support of the ` powerful ' in their countries ? 
  what makes you think that putin is a crazed dictator when he enjoys over 80 % support in his home land ? 
  is n't this the same thing i 'm saying ? 
  then the kremlin will get in an uncomfortable position in regards to the oligarchs . 
  crossing the border from brabant into flanders is such a typical experience . 
  you go from a smooth driving experience to some kind of gravel road that probably has n't been worked on since a goddamn roman legion marched over it . 
  a mayor i supposed to be better then this . 
  and who the hell does the mayor of hilversum think he is . 
  saying things like that . 
   ah , did they give them a new name already ? 
  i was just getting used to the air assault name :p yeah , its a bit strange . 
  the brigade can use the name air assault when helicopters are used in combination with infantry as parts of an offensive operation . 
  but seeing that all our helicopters are part of the defence helicopter command and that the 11th air mobile changes names to the 11th air manoeuvre when they work with helicopter command , the 11th air assault name never gets used . 
  so i guess the 11th is only called air assault when they work with helicopters from allies . 
  * ministerie van defensie , fucking logic since 1813 *, 
  when the 11th air mobile ` detaches ' from the german division to deploy to ukraine it will be supported by units from the defense helicopter command . 
  when these two units work together they form the 11 air manoeuvre brigade . 
  technically you 're correct on the kct , 1 and a half company are deployed to mali . 
  if there are also commando 's deployed with the researchers ( something that i can find no source on ) , that still leaves 2 companies that can be made ready . 
  1,5 in mali 0,5 with the researchers 2 companies that can be deployed within 2 weeks . 
  11 air mobile still exist , its been integrated into the german division schnelle kr\u00e4fte . 
  a division is usually composed of three brigades . 
  11th air mobile is one of the three brigades in the german division . 
  it can still be deployed without german consent . 
  consent of both countries is only needed if both german and dutch units are deployed . 
  only one company of the kct is deployed to mali . 
  one company is ready for deployement , and 2 more can be made ready within two weeks . 
  the kct backed up by the 11 air mobile could very easily take donetsk airport and the crash site . 
  they could then proceed to evacuate the bodies and maybe try to secure some evidence . 
  it wo n't happen of course but it could very easily be done . 
  armored elements might have been cut , but our airborne infantry capability 's are still top notch . 
  there is a chance that germany would veto too after these statements .
