  the uk would maybe veto too to discourage scotland . 
  during the war the south was under spanish occupation/influence for way longer then the rest . 
  the reformation never really took a hold there . 
  during the revolt the southern provinces aligned with spain . 
  and a lot of the treaties signed between the dutch republic and spain during the war guaranteed the protection of catholics in these provinces . 
  in our case it definitively has to do with the eighty years ' war, 
  well if the russian people wanted that then its fine by me . 
  you do realize why they want to rename it ? 
  for them the name is n't about stalin , its about the legacy of the city and what it endured during 1942-1943 . 
   he personally shot billions of innocents to death that 's quite a feat, 
  if you 're just going to blatantly ignore what i 'm saying and turn this into an anti-putin circle jerk then i do n't feel obliged to continue this discussion . 
  meh , it seems like the citizens of volvograd have wanted this for a long time . 
  besides if putin wanted the name changed he could just do it , i doubt anyone in russia would care . 
  they seem to have a selective memory . 
  it was n't even his own idea . 
  i understand that you have a problem with putin , but if the citizens of volvograd want to rename their city , i see no reason to not honor their request . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/world-war-two/9839666/russia-revives-stalingrad-city-name.html  fifty thousand people signed a petition to this effect handed to president vladimir putin on wednesday , with instigators including the russian communist party , noviye izvestiya daily reported . 
  the industrial city was renamed volgograd , or volga city , in 1961 after khrushchev exposed stalin-era abuses including purges and forced collectivisation . 
  it had been called stalingrad since 1925 . 
  in recent steps to revive the stalingrad name , a plaque outside the kremlin walls commemorating the `` hero city '' was recarved to read stalingrad in 2004 on putin 's order . 
  do n't the citizens of volvograd want to rename the city to commemorate one of the most ( if not the most ) important battles in the history of mankind ? 
  the way i see it renaming the city honors the 2,5 million people that died there . 
  i feel like the citizens of volvograd could n't care less about stalin . 
  i genuinely do n't see the connection with the name change . 
  can someone explain ? 
  i disagree with your points but it makes me sad that you 're being downvoted just because people disagree with you . 
  like someone else already said : '' nufin better then a good old europoor vs amerifat circlejerk in r/europe '', 
  i do n't blame them for trying to come here . 
  i do blame our governments for letting them come here . 
  thanks !, 
  how exactly is peace measured ? 
   the best answer i 've found to this question is that lend lease undeniably made the red army 's victory faster and easier , but was not decisive enough that without it the red army could n't eventually achieve the same result . 
  mark harrison in this [ 1 ] essay http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/fac/soc/economics/staff/academic/harrison/public/lendlease.pdf ( dated but still useful )  puts the peak of lend lease at 13.2 billion rubbles out of 129.4 billion total . 
  lend lease trucks are often brought up as being critical for sustaining the red army 's advance , especially in major operations such as bagration and jassy-kishinev . 
  lend lease imports were certainly enormous , but the soviet union had its own even larger prewar truck fleet along with captured vehicles . 
  lend lease trucks made up around 5 % of the fleet in january 1943 , 19 % in january 1944 , and 30 % in january 1945 . 
  very few of these trucks , or indeed any trucks ( around 12,000 out of hundreds of thousands ) were used for supply operations . 
  their main use was in artillery penetration divisions , along with other artillery formations , as prime movers . 
  this gave strategic artillery greater mobility , allowing it to help in quickly reducing festungs ( areas to be defended to the death under hitler 's orders ) and pockets . 
  corps and divisional artillery remained tractor or horse drawn . 
  so lend lease vehicles were by no means decisive , but definitely very useful . 
  source for this is a gavtu ( main automobile directorate of the red army ) report which summarizes vehicle usage in the red army . 
  the ussr would probably have won the war without the uk and the usa . 
  luckily the western allies opened a second front . 
  translation : '' i swear ( promise ) allegiance to the king/queen , obedience to the law and submission to martial discipline . 
  so help me god almighty ( this i promise ) . '', 
  maybe he means the armed forces ? 
  what about it ? 
  where does he imply that ? 
  seems like he is hinting to golden dawn and the npd . 
  great speech , its sad that he feels sorry he gave it . 
  no problem , its amazing how closely matched we are , considering our vastly different population size . 
  you guys really put us to shame . 
  i made a neat little table comparing finland and the netherlands capability | finland | netherlands : -- | : -- :| -- : gdp in millions of uds | 247,389 ( 41th ) | 800,535 ( 17th ) gdp per capita | 47,129 ( 14th ) | 47,633 ( 13th ) | total population | 5,266,114 | 16,805,037 | fit for military service | 1,868,134 | 6,324,217 | defense budget in billions | 2.87 | 7.1 active '' frontline '' personnel | 36.500 | 47.660 active reserve personnel | 357.000 | 32.100 total number of fixed wing aircraft | 145 | 160 total number of helicopters | 21 | 64 serviceable airports | 148 | 29 total tank strength | 270 | we sold all of them to finland\u0ca0_\u0ca0 total afv strength | 1392 | 1087 total self propelled gun number | 72 | 57 towed artillery | 689 | 0 total mlrs | 70 | we sold all of them to finland\u0ca0_\u0ca0 merchant marine ships | 97 | 744 total navy strength | 160 ( this includes pc boats from the border guard ) | 56 number of submarines | 0 | 4 number of frigates | 0 | 6 ( four of these are classified as destroyers by some ) number of mine warfare ships | 19 | 10 patrol craft ( pc ) | 19 | 4 number of deaths in combat in the war on terror | 2 | 27 current biggest overseas military deployment | afghanistan ( 165 soldiers ) | mali ( 378 intelligence , sf and apache 's ), 
  point being ? 
  countries that have a large population naturally also have a large military . . 
  and is finland willing to send troops to places like afghanistan and mali , or are they just going to free ride article 5 ? 
   why does the us have the highest number in the world of almost all military equipment ? 
  maybe because its also one of the most populous countries in the world ? 
  nope they would just be another pair of countries not paying their nato dues . 
  i really feel like it is n't that black and white . 
  there will always be people that are against war . 
  during total war these people become a liability because they do n't contribute to the war effort . 
  conscription forces them by law to do some national service . 
  you know you are allowed to refute my statement instead of making a witty comment . 
  nice to see someone 's stepping up . 
  the u.s ca n't watch our back forever . 
  they have interests in the pacific and africa . 
  we need to step up our game . 
  he is not entirely wrong , if every member of nato had the same lax attitude on military spending the alliance would be a hollow shell . 
  european nato members need to step up their game or they risk getting left behind with their with their pants down after america 's pivot to the pacific . 
  i think you 're right , a federation that includes the uk will probably always be a dream for some and a nightmare for others . 
  to be fair , a federation with the uk in it would be significantly stronger than one without . 
  uhm ... its canberra ... 
  i wonder what would happen if you asked a random guy in downtown toronto what the capital of australia is . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a fair share of people would say sydney or melbourne . 
  6 is katan ( ga ? 
  ) a or something and 7 is probably kinshasa . 
  3 and 10 have french names . 
  that 's all i know, 
  there is not a military on this earth that would win in a conventional war with the us . 
  that 's a fact . 
  you might not like it , but it 's the truth . 
  come on be honest here . 
  moldova should just pursue nato membership , you guys are n't ready for the eu . 
  hi , thanks for giving us the opportunity to ask you questions . 
  what is your opinion on european military spending ? 
  how do you feel about nato 's 2 % norm ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  explain to me how the v4 control the visegrad battlegroup and how this new defence agreement is the same as the one signed in 1990 . 
  you clearly do n't understand the differences between the v4 , the visegrad battlegroup , nato , the eubg and the csdp . 
  the battlegroup is not part of the v4 , it is made up of soldiers from the v4 . 
  the v4 has no operational control over the bg , its mission is decided by the council of europe . 
  the agreement to make a new battlegroup was made in 2011 . 
  the new agreement specifies more military cooperation within the framework of the eu and the eubg 's . 
  it has nothing to do with nato . 
   they signed this agreement 20 years ago huh i guess i should check my calender then , i did n't know it was 2031 . 
   it 's part of the v4 group you silly goose no the battlegroup is composed of soldiers from the v4 group . 
  its not part of the v4 . 
  it will be part of the eubg 's .
