   considering that the main focus of this joint force is to help african countries and eventually projection of forces it does n't say this in the article . 
  also from the article :  it 's a very ambitious project we 're starting , but we do n't want to put up any barriers to other european countries that do n't share our ambitions . 
  i think that wat / u/heinsz7 is saying is right . 
  if this think is to become the basis of a european military force , it should n't be only germany and france that lay the foundation . 
  what 's ironic is that italy , and possibly germany , will purchase the f-35 , so the french will be the odd ones out . 
   as i said , i am not very knowledgeable about the relationship between the dutch and the germans . 
  i ventured a guess . 
  but the way you describe it make it look like you are very dependent on the german hardware . 
  you could also say that germany is dependent on us , as we provide them with amphibious capabilities , and two full combat brigades . 
  my point is that if we are not to be included in these talks , why should we not focus on our cooperation with the united states and the united kingdom ? 
  we have integrated 50 % of our major combat units into the bundeswehr . 
  the belgian navy is under dutch command . 
  the benelux airspace is joint controlled . 
  certainly we should be among the first to be asked when it comes to experience with european military integration . 
  incorrect . 
  66 dutch companies are contributing to the direct or indirect development of the aircraft . 
  i 'm wondering where you are getting your numbers . 
  spain has around 130,000 active personel . 
  poland has 120,000 but a much , much larger reserve force . 
  spain has a smaller armoured force , smaller logistical force , smaller artillery force , and an equal number of fighters . 
  [ spain 's military budget is apparently smaller than that of the netherlands ] ( http://www.igae.pap.minhafp.gob.es/sitios/igae/es-es/ejecucionpresupuestaria/documents/mensual%2011-16.pdf ) . 
   for example , the dutch got rid of their tanks so it is hard to cooperate with them . 
  and for fighter jets , they are not interested in developing new ones as they only need a few squadrons of those so theu would rather purchase . 
  but that 's why we integrated our mechanized brigade into the 1st panzer division and got a dutch-german tank battalion in that brigade to give us back our tank capabilities . 
  i think you 're underestimating the level of cooperation between the hague and bonn in this . 
   for example , the dutch got rid of their tanks so it is hard to cooperate with them . 
  and for fighter jets , they are not interested in developing new ones as they only need a few squadrons of those so theu would rather purchase . 
  but we are currently in the process of developing a new fighter jet . 
  we are a tier 2 partner in the f-35 project , a fighter that germany is also looking at to purchase as a replacement for their tornadoes . 
  i 'd say that our military cooperation with germany is more far reaching than that of france and germany . 
  yet the benelux is n't represented , even though we have indicated a willingness to participate . 
  so why are n't the netherlands and belgium involved ? 
  dutch-german defense cooperation is perhaps the most far reaching in europe . 
  because poland is a major military power within the eu . 
  more so than spain . 
   i think that italy are actively involved and volunteer on this . 
  i do n't know if this is the case . 
  it would seem logical , but is not mentioned in the article . 
   poland clearly posterized their trust ( and corruption ) for american industry only . 
  if you 're referring to the helicopter ordeal , then yes , that was indeed a bit shady . 
  however the fourth military power of the e.u ( excluding the uk ) should not be ignored if this force is to be a success . 
  if this remains a primarily franco-german initiative , eurosceptics will use it as an excuse to prove that france and germany are forcing europe to integrate behind its peoples backs . 
  then maybe they should have just said that , instead of just saying '' fuck it , they wo n't notice this guy suddenly has three legs . 
   we have to work together for european immigration , but we also need to be open for other partners , '' said goulard , who only became french defense minister two weeks ago . 
  `` it 's a very ambitious project we 're starting , but we do n't want to put up any barriers to other european countries that do n't share our ambitions surely it would make sense to start including countries like italy and poland in these talks then as well ? 
  it seems like france and germany are frequently meeting to discuss these european defense matters , but other eu nations are rarely if ever present . 
  i love how you 're not even trying to hide the racism . 
  what american products are there that are frequently bought but that do not include it services and products , technological items ? 
  are n't most american cars assembled in europe ? 
  why not just strip citizenship and deport everybody that commits a crime then ? 
   france has deemed them high value targets this is not illegal in anyway why are they using iraqi 's then ? 
  if it was legal , surely the sf themselves would do the job . 
  fun fact : it is believed that the tower dates from the first half of the 14th century , being first mentioned in chronicles dating from 1354 . 
  th funny thing is that , not counting auxiliary and replenishment ships , the german navy and benelux navy are about the same size !, 
  yeah i 'm having trouble imagining it . 
  in the netherlands you do . 
  vmbo at least . 
  well , what i meant was that without russia having to worry about turkey , they can move forces from southwestern military district , to western military district . 
  i never claimed that . 
  if turkey leaves nato , we will all need to step up our game . 
  the russian federation will then have at least two more field armies to reposition to the western military district . 
  the germans did the persecuting . 
  then thousand jews , gypsies and other undesirables gassed ** a day ** in auschwitz and treblinka . 
  there is no reason to believe that you guys would not be next once they were finished with the jews . 
  the question is if germany is willing to accept them . 
  iirc sarkozy offered joint-ownership of france 's nuclear arsenal to germany , but merkel refused . 
  bruh , we 're going to the finals . 
  that 's not at all the same thing . 
  if orban was specifically calling out macron during the election campaign , then you would have a point . 
  this is about a working relation between two men , not about what they think of the eu . 
   take out the most eu funds source ? 
   hungary is n't nearly as important as you think . 
  i 'm curious as to how important you think i find hungary . 
   eg the uk is important and has at least some leverage . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  this has nothing to do with the uk . 
  the european union . 
  like i said , if macron becomes president , he will most certainly need to work together on important issues , by lumping in orb\u00e1n with putin , he 's already jeopardizing his working relation with orb\u00e1n . 
  not sure if it is smart to call out orb\u00e1n like that . 
  if macron wins , he will still need to work together with hungary . 
  after all they are an important country when it comes to the immigration crisis and the v4 . 
  that 's delusional . 
  our union would never survive both france and the u.k leaving within two years . 
  regiment, 
  zeggenschap is something different than commandovoering . 
  we 're talking about dutch units being under german command . 
  just like our military was under nato command during the cold war , under northag . 
  back then our government also retained the final world . 
  did n't mean our units were not under nato command . 
  [ yes they will . 
  our units will actually be fully under german command , integrated into the command structure of the 1st panzer division and the division schnelle kr\u00e4fte by 2020 . 
  i know there are a lot of federalist and very pro-eu redditors here , so i 'm curious if any of them can also think of some arguments against a federal europe . 
  the look of all those people and european/world leaders walking together united gives me goosebumps . 
  especially seeing merkel , hollande and renzi holding hands . 
  the terrible events of the last few days really seem to unite the continent . 
  they 're directly responsible for the death of 193 of my countrymen , and they constantly threaten the sovereignty of our allies in eastern and northern europe . 
  i do n't fear them , but i do think they are the enemy . 
  not in the netherlands . 
  25th and the 26th is when we celebrate . 
  it depends on the minority .
