  indeed . 
  a 25 year old syrian refugee might be satisfied with being a cleaner all his life . 
  not many 25 year old 's that i know would be happy with that . 
  furthermore if that 25 year old syrian is more qualified to do a job than the european , i have no issue with the syrian doing the job . 
  hopefully you 'll get to experience that very soon !, 
  that 's a very interesting ` analysis ' of what happened . 
  you could also say : '' no hard feelings about steamrolling belgium , after which you needed france to help you out . '', 
  belgian independence was a mistake , just think of what our football team could 've looked like . 
  we would 've had at least two world cups by now . 
  we did our part during the napoleonic wars , world war 2 , korea , iraq and afghanistan . 
  moreover , beaten by the british ? 
  we arguably won three of the four anglo-dutch wars , so i 'm not sure if we 're the '' beaten '' ones . 
  as for srebrenica , that could just as well have been irish u.n forces instead of dutch . 
  the outcome would have been the same . 
  without air support the enclave could never last . 
  he 's in south korea on a diplomacy/trade mission aimed at strengthening ties between the netherlands and south korea . 
  are you sure of that ? 
  i thought only 800 bcm of the original 2600 bcm was left . 
  thailand and china seldom criminal ? 
  or are you referring to their citizens when coming to europe . 
  yeah , if that were the case the united states/canadian militaries would n't be as efficient as they are . 
  drug usage in the netherlands is actually lower than a lot of other western counties , such as italy , france , and the united states . 
  french operations are separate from the un ( which is what he linked ) . 
  i do n't think that 's needed . 
  the weapons are relatively secure , moreover the u.s ( and the turkish government ) would never let those weapons fall into '' enemy '' hands . 
  did not know that . 
  thanks . 
  i still doubt it would happen . 
  would n't spain be in opposition ? 
  i think it actually is from s.t.a.l.k.e.r. . . 
  good luck to you guys too !, 
  i hope both the eu and the uk will get stronger from this . 
  we also kicked each others ass a couple of times . 
  that 's a strong basis for any kind of partnership !, 
  ca n't germany simply veto the proposals ? 
  her concert in the netherlands sold out in record time , so i 'd say she 's popular . 
  this and the graph of op miss foreign policy and military issues though . 
  i 'd say those are pretty important points in the integration process . 
  but that 's not entirely the same is it ? 
  it would be more like one of your neighbours or maybe the guy who packs your food in the store disagreeing with it . 
  i 'm guessing they 're swedish celebrities . 
  quite an assumption . 
   we are realistic enough to realize that a war against russia would wipe out our nation . 
  maybe this is the case because of the pathetic state of our collective militaries ... 
  following that line of thought , nato is also obsolete . 
  [ you got it . 
  does it apply ? 
   this article states that the certain minimum rules of war apply to armed conflicts that are not of an international character , but that are contained within the boundaries of a single country . 
  the applicability of this article rests on the interpretation of the term armed conflict . 
  for example , it would apply to conflicts between the government and rebel forces , or between two rebel forces , or to other conflicts that have all the characteristics of war but that are carried out within the confines of a single country . 
  a handful of individuals attacking a police station would not be considered an armed conflict subject to this article , but only subject to the laws of the country in question . 
  i think it is hard to argue that the international security assistance force operations in afghanistan are not of an international character . 
  moreover a detained unlawful combatant may be granted the rights and privileges of a prisoner of war as described in the third geneva convention , but the detaining power is not required to do so . 
  moreover , i believe that the part of the convention you linked also specifies that when there is a armed conflicts within the boundaries of a single country , the laws of the sovereign nation overrule those of the convention . 
  i believe that under sharia law , the taliban fighter would be allowed to have been shot . 
  an unlawful combatant is a person who directly engages in armed conflict in violation of the laws of war . 
  from wikipedia :  modern laws of war regarding conduct during war ( jus in bello ) , such as the 1949 geneva conventions , provide that it is unlawful for belligerents to engage in combat without meeting certain requirements , such as wearing distinctive uniform or other distinctive signs visible at a distance , carrying weapons openly , and conducting operations in accordance with the laws and customs of war . 
  impersonating enemy combatants by wearing the enemy 's uniform is allowed , though fighting in that uniform is unlawful perfidy , as is the taking of hostages . 
  so the taliban fighter was the one breaking the geneva convention . 
  he did n't actually break the geneva convention . 
  the convention does not apply to unlawful combatants . 
  have you considered the thought that those countries are successful because they live in the shadow of their powerful neighbors ? 
  they have essentially outsourced their security and foreign policy needs to their larger neighbors . 
  moreover , what is all that wealth and prosperity worth if one could one day march in without consequence and take it for themselves . 
  i think that to say power is an outdated instrument is naive . 
  all the nations you mentioned , from hong kong to norway to liechtenstein , exist under the power of larger nations , larger nations that are effectively calling the shots . 
   wilders will still be pm what are you basing that on ? 
  he is n't even ahead in most polls . 
  moreover , a centre-right coalition is nearing a majority in the polls . 
  and thus it is really expensive compared to other 4/4 ,5 generation planes . 
  sadly the rafale is really expensive , compared to other 4/4 ,5 generation aircraft . 
  anyone know when this was asked ? 
  is this info from 2016 , 2008 , 2001 , 1918 ? 
   so they can get there , but ca n't do any serious patrolling and nor can they get back without a refueling . 
  it would make port depots a much more obvious target . 
  kinda true , but this is the [ topography of the dutch caribbean ] ( http://www.dcnanature.org/wp-content/themes/dcna/images/small-map-home.gif ) . 
  our ships could refuel on the sss islands before proceeding to the abc islands . 
  moreover , the [ hnlms karel doorman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hnlms_karel_doorman_\\ ( a833 \\ ) ) would certainly partake in the conflict , providing replenishment-at-sea . 
  moreover , i 'm rather sceptical in regards to the venezuelan air force capability to make a significant impact in a war . 
  i am not sure what state their equipment is in , and how many flight hours their pilots get . 
  as soon as one of our zeven provinci\u00ebn-class frigates gets in the area , its pretty much over for their air forces anyway . 
   thanks for the overall procurement information . 
  i find it very interesting . 
  no problem !, 
  yes , one is even permanently stationed there . 
  they have a range of 5,000 nautical miles and the distance between the netherlands and our caribbean territories is about 4,100 nautical miles . 
  most , if not all of our equipment is purchased with the requirement that it can reach the caribbean . 
  moreover , the islands all have a local militia/reserve element . 
  there is also a company of marines permanently stationed there , along with a rotating company of the army , and a rotating platoon of marines . 
  if you count the venezuelan corvettes , you should count our holland class too . 
  moreover , we have more submarines ( 4 ) . 
  more importantly , the venezuelans ca n't get their forces on the island as easily as we can . 
  we have dedicated transport ships for the purpose of getting our marines ( and armor ) on the islands quick . 
  as far as i know , venezuela does not have such capacity . 
  moreover , i think it 's fair to say that our forces are much better trained and equipped than those of venezuela . 
  our tankers ensure that we could get fighters and airborne forces on the islands quickly , as well as apache helicopters . 
  i doubt venezuela would get far . 
   i shall go to ikea and settle the score . 
  dude , you 're confusing us with norway . 
   it has emerged that the dutch authorities knew about the scandal in november but did not inform the eu until nearly 8 months later on july 20 .
