  of course it would be right to attack the netherlands then , if germany had vowed to defend cameroon then its their moral obligation to do so . 
  what that guy is saying makes no sense whatsoever . 
  if the germans invaded the netherlands tomorrow and the british came to help , i would n't be wining about the elites , i would be immensely grateful . 
  politicians gon na be politicians . 
  with some modifications the rafale can carry the b61 too . 
  f-18 can carry it without modifications . 
  the f-35 is the only plane that can drop it from its internal weapons bay . 
  i can search for the report for you tomorrow morning . 
  but from the top of my head i believe it had a lot to do with the fact that the f-35 would produce a lot of much needed jobs in the dutch aviation industry . 
  the ministry of finance also calculated that quitting the jsf-program would be more expensive than continuing . 
  end result is 37 purchased jets . 
  i should also note that while the f-35 is surrounded in a lot of controversy and problems , it 's still a good plane that has some excellent features . 
  it 's just so goddam expensive . 
  the gripen ... 
  they were made public by the dutch air force . 
  i believe they were : f-35 = 6.97 rafale = 6.95 eurofighter = 5.83 f-16 block 60 = 5.80, 
  well first its a beautiful aircraft ( but fighters are n't picked for their looks ) . 
  second its way cheaper than the lightning . 
  and third thanks to the former it would mean that we would n't have an inventory of 37 fighters . 
  but the klu chose the f-35 and i 'm sure they made a fine decisions . 
  they are the experts after all and i 'm just an armchair general . 
  the rafale , gripen , typhoon and hornet ( current main fighter of the swiss air force ) were compared on 6 different points : air policing , defensive counter air , air interdiction , offensive counter air , reconnaissance and strike missions . 
  the rafale scores highest in all six of the sections with the eurofighter coming in second . 
  the gripen fails to outperform the rafale and in some sections even loses to the hornet . 
  at the end off every section is a short footnote like [ this ] ( http://puu.sh/5raxw.jpg ) , in all the sections the rafale is the recommended candidate and in almost all the sections the eurofighter comes in second . 
  dassault was offering to lower its price to contend the swiss government . 
  that in combination with the air force report shows that dassault was by far the best contender . 
  politics screwed dassault . 
  i ' l quote / u/timoleon :  well , it 's one more case ( of many ) that shows defense procurement not to be merit-based , but political . 
  http://files.newsnetz.ch/upload//1/2/12332.pdf you should read this report from the swiss air force , it shows how dassault was royally fucked by the swiss government . 
  maybe dassault should seek an alternate deal , offering to replace the a-4 skyhawk with the rafale m . the nae s\u00e3o paulo is a french ship anyway , a french fighter complement would fit right in . 
  rafale was a very close second in the dutch fighter replacement program . 
  ( losing by a 0,02 margin to the f-35 ) such a shame . 
  and the us would probably block gallileo in return . 
  [ actually ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xy4yhpevyzw ), 
  '' no-no , not that one , that 's too warm ! '', 
  damn . 
  yeah but that 's because of politics and public opinion not because our troops are inadequately equipped or trained, 
  maybe the time off asymmetrical warfare ends with our withdrawal from afghanistan . 
  who knows ? 
  while the isaf suffered pretty serious casualties i do n't think that we lost the military aspect of the '' war '' . 
  i do n't think there even was any possibility of victory with the strategy we followed . 
  we sent the entire military prowess of the western world to play police and construction worker for 12 years , expecting that the taliban would just go away . 
  this needs to stop , the eu countries combined have the biggest navy in the world . 
  surely we can spare some to patrol the med and search for boats . 
  explain please . 
  just do it . 
  oppose the hive-mind . 
  i want perspective from both sides . 
  i see , thanks for your opinion !, 
  political , social , cultural , personal , whatever floats your boat !, 
  interesting , how do you think this change in population will affect you ? 
  even those , its such a shame, 
  mothballed , they will probably be sold to indonesia ... 
  i have good and bad news , the good news is that they can carry bombs now , the bad news is that you should add another 100 million to that number . 
  tanks were used to great effect in southern afghanistan and showed that they still have a place in the 21st century , especially with the rise of active protection systems and systems like crows . 
  tanks, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r2vt8em2ac ), 
  dude , what are you talking about , you are the one posting about argentinian and spanish success and then you proceed to rant about how their claims are invalid and illegal etc. 
  you 're being really illogical here . 
  edit : in the future you should be a little bit more clear about your point when you post seemingly random wikipedia links . 
  so you do n't support the claims but you post wikipedia links of victories and overseas territory 's of the countries that are making said claims . 
  what 's the relevance of those links, 
  whats your point ? 
  that spain and argentina have some small success in keeping overseas territory ? 
  why not ? 
  no i was talking about france, 
   army group nordic , army group center , army group south etc ect . 
  english , german and maybe french as languages ( nordic countries may have a different language ) . 
  the military 's of germany , austria and the benelux in center . 
  france , spain , italy and greece in south etc. 
  in terms of equipment , some things need to be slowly removed , like the ariete and the abrams . 
  slowly replace them with a more common tank like the leopard . 
  for an apc/ifv take something like the swedish cv90 or the german boxer . 
  air force is a bit more tricky . 
  the most simple thing would be for all nations to adopt the eurofighter , but i do n't see the french and the swedish giving up on dassault and saab . 
  this might actually be a good thing . 
  the us air force also employs a wide range of planes for different roles . 
  let saab , dassault and eads cooperate and provide europa with a sufficient air force . 
  the combined european navy would be the biggest navy in the world , with 66 guided missle ships , 58 submarines and 4 aircraft carriers it is a force to be reckoned with . 
  i do n't think there has to be much change in this area , european navies already cooperate much , so further integration should be a little bit easier then with the other branches . 
  in terms of size it should probably number a good 700k men and woman . 
  its main role should be to protect europe while still being able to maintain the peace around the globe if needed . 
  nuclear weapons is more of a personal opinion . 
  they are a useful deterrence but not really needed . 
  please note that the above is a personal '' analyse '' of an armchair general and it would probably only work in an european federation of some sort . 
  this would n't work in the current union because the member states have different interests . 
  if a military coup occurs in suriname , do you really think that danish marines would be willing to go in because the netherlands want to ? 
  sorry for the wall of texts and the mediocre english . 
  tl ; dr = a real eu army would only be possible in a unified europe . 
  what they 're doing in mali does n't really seem to represent an isolationist policy . 
  yeah we get a lot of the golden age in high school . 
  i am talking about the total number of ships . 
  even tough they have have more aircraft carriers and submarines the eu navy would still be bigger, 
  and still its the biggest economy in the world . 
  army group nordic , army group center , army group south etc ect . 
  english , german and maybe french as languages ( nordic countries may have a different language ) . 
  the military 's of germany , austria and the benelux in center . 
  france , spain , italy and greece in south etc. 
  in terms of equipment , some things need to be slowly removed , like the ariete and the abrams .
