  that 's pretty major . 
   de landmacht only has 2 brigades . 
  i have no idea where you 're getting this from . 
  we have have three brigades . 
  the 13th light brigade in oischot , the 43rd mechanised brigade in havelte , and the 11th air mobile brigade in schaarsbergen and assen . 
   spending more money on an inferior product is not profit , even when said inferior product is build by your neighbor . 
  name one piece of equipment that germany produces that is inferior to what have . 
  germany and france produce the best military equipment in europe , on par or better than all competitors . 
  i have no idea why you think we would be receiving or producing inferior equipment . 
   for heckler and koch , for all the others there would be massive losses . 
  the tax payers losing more money , the soldiers getting inferior equipment , the politicians facing budget increases or cuts in other expenditure . 
  again , inferior equipment ? 
  the hk416 is probably the best service rifle in the world . 
  it would be a upgrade compared to our c7 's and c8 's . 
  moreover , hk already supplies weaponry to a large number of member states . 
  other suppliers like fn , fb radom and steyr could provide service pistols , crew weaponry and light machine guns . 
  and the canadian military . 
   the transport helicopters ( chinooks ) and refueling aircraft too , and the navy armement as well . 
  most of the vital naval equipment on board is french . 
  ammunition is indeed american . 
   the mainstay of the land forces is swedish ( cv90 ) , fenneks and boxers are n't ` major equipment ' . 
  how are the cv90 's '' mainstay '' if only one brigade in the military uses them ? 
  if the fenneks and boxers are not major than neither is the cv90 . 
   indeed , hence there 's no profit . 
  i have no idea what you 're getting at . 
  if the entire european union was to switch over to heckler and koch and rheinmetall equipment , there would be massive profits . 
  what exactly are you getting at ? 
  do you think european military integration is pursued due to pressure from the french-german defense industry ? 
   most of our major equipment is american . 
  only the fighters , attack helicopters , transport planes and the patriot system . 
  almost all our land vehicles are german or dutch-german . 
   i 'm sure they do , but it will only cost us money . 
  that 's not how profit works . 
  i 'm not sure you know what a rant is . 
  look , i do n't get why we are still having this conversation . 
  you 're giving the impression that you think the entire european military integration project is something that is started to benefit the franco-german defense industry . 
  if you truly believe that , this discussion is pointless because you 've clearly made up your mind about this . 
  most of our major equipment is french or germany anyway . 
  both thales and rheinmetall have dutch subsidiaries . 
  it 's not like we would n't profit . 
  every government is influenced by business entities . 
  sounds like how things are going now . 
  no , it is about saving money . 
  it is fine to be against the idea , but at least try to come up with some good arguments instead of semi-conspiracy theories about how this is all a heckler and koch plot to increase their market share . 
  money is saved by streamlining equipment procurement and pooling maintenance and other logistical support . 
  while i do n't even think a european army would work like that , i also think the loss of the gdp from a member state would greatly offset any potential profit from nord stream . 
   the problem is that spain has no big enough industry or anything to replace all the tourism it attracts . 
  this is what that guy said . 
  and this is correct . 
  no industry in spain could replace tourism . 
  if the netherlands was to lose all tourism overnight , our economy might also collapse . 
  i 'm not sure what the controversial point here is . 
   word on the street is that word on the street is bullshit and unreliable , prone to wishful thinking and many other types of bias . 
  whatever dude , it is up to you if you want to believe it or not . 
  if you do n't want to , that 's fine by me . 
  we know it was guy with a middle-eastern look . 
  it makes no difference to me whether he was moroccan , turk or algerian or tunisian . 
   if one tiny group is responsible for a hugely disproportionate amount of problems with gay people , then it makes sense to target them . 
  but they are n't a tiny group . 
  they are either a sizable part of the population , or they are a very small community in cities like amsterdam and rotterdam they make up 25-40 % of the population . 
  in leeuwarden that figure is probably more close to 4 % . 
  in cities like eindhoven , maastricht and groningen , gay violence is predominately a crime committed by white guys . 
  in the cities outside of the randstand we do n't care about all the shit moroccans and what not do , since our problems come from the countryside , so targeting moroccans would not get us anywhere . 
   i read the facebook post . 
  it seems like a strange story . 
  it does n't say that the helper was a moroccan either , just an unknown person with a `` tint '' , ie could be anyone that is not completely white ( so you 're jumping to conclusions to support a narrative that you like ) . 
  also while those idiots started insulting them , even their own account says that one of the lesbians initiated physical contact . 
  word on the street is that it was a moroccan guy . 
  point is , it was n't a white guy . 
  moeroever , this is just one of multiple incidents . 
  just look at what / u/nupulantsi said . 
   nobody that i know has ever expressed anti-gay sentiment . 
  not my family , friends or anyone i grew up with at school , or even anybody that i 've ever known well enough . 
  even the idiots . 
  whether people are gay or not is just not on people 's minds and makes no difference to them . 
  maybe you 're just lucky . 
  i think you 're forgetting that there is more to the netherlands than just the randstad . 
  do you think all the anti-gay violence in limburg , friesland and brabant is being done by the huge muslim communities there ? 
  http://opiniepanel.eenvandaag.nl/uitslagen/73121/peiling_2_3_homo_s_durft_niet_overal_hand_in_hand http://binnenland.eenvandaag.nl/tv-items/73107/homohaat_in_nederland i live in one of the most progressive municipalities in the country , yet gay people are frequently attacked by white dutch . 
  it 's just the way it . 
  we have a problem with gay acceptance , and just saying that it 's due to the arabs is shortsighted , and will not sufficiently be tackled unless we take a broad approach . 
  you ca n't lose 5 % of your economy in a short time span . 
  does n't matter if its tourism , e-sports , or basket weaving . 
   it is sickening . 
  but i do n't see any mention of which descent the attackers or the helper were . 
  facebook link at the bottom of the page . 
   if they do have a cultural dutch background , i just do n't get where the gay-hate is coming from . 
  this makes me laugh . 
  i 've met a ton of dutch folks that disapprove of gay people . 
  we tolerate , remember ? 
  does n't mean we like them . 
  no , it 's more about sports and job practice . 
  maintaining marksmanship in the police force and the military is a major pain in the ass right now . 
  just go to sikkom groningen , or just any nightlife facebook page about groningen . 
  you can also just search about gay violence in / r/tnl . 
  it almost always happens on saturday night , and it 's almost always `` farm boys '' from the province coming to the city to get drunk and start shit . 
  this particular case comes to mind , because i myself was clubbing that night , while at the same time that shit was happening , sickening . 
  cherry on top is the fact that a moroccan guy helped them out after the attack . 
  my point is that someone ca n't claim that anything above 1 % is n't a large part of the economy . 
  the user above made it sound like losing 5 % of the economy is something a country like spain could survive .
