  i 'm just highlighting that when we 're talking about national economies , even the smallest percentage represent massive figures . 
  compared to what ?!, 
  massive as in a massive part of your economy . 
  if a country would lose 10 % of its economy in a short time period , it would enter a catastrophic recession . 
  we did n't even lose 10 % during the 2008 recession . . 
  oh , you said `` all major gay attacks '' , so i assumed you were talking countrywide . 
  maybe a weird question , but what will this result in for tourists ? 
  i 'm going to barcelona in july . 
  will the barcelonians we encounter be pissed at us ? 
   tourism in spain represents around 8-10 % of our economy . 
  that 's an absolutely massive percentage . 
  you ca n't just lose 8 % or even 5 % of your economy . 
  it is a complete hassle to purchase a firearm in ( western ) europe , let alone use it . 
  restrictions could be a bit looser , but the public is very much against it , so it ( sadly ) wo n't happen . 
   there 's a big difference between the severe kind of hatred above and name-calling . 
  all major gay assaults as of late in the news have indeed been perpetrated by what appear to have been young moroccans . 
  acting like every community somehow bears equal guilt for homophobic violence in amsterdam is incredibly disingenuous and counter-productive . 
  this is actually incorrect . 
  there has been a recent string of anti-gay attacks in the north , all committed by either dutch or mixed groups . 
  it 's not an argument , it 's an observation . 
  you 're delusional . 
  new greece . 
  that will surely calm things down . 
  that does n't make it british spending . 
  otherwise it would just be spending from the dclg . 
  it semantic , but still . 
  from europe ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  yes , the u.k. heavily contributes to those funds , but at the end of the day they 're eu funds . 
  it 's not like we call the iss the russian space station , just because russia contributed more than a lot of other countries . 
  leclerc 's have not seen `` way more '' combat . 
  arguably the leo line has seen more . 
  not exactly correct . 
  we still have tanks in a joint dutch-german battalion , and we certainly still have mechanized infantry , both dutch and belgian . 
  no , raeder and quisling heavily persuaded hitler to invade norway . 
  himmler also wanted to invade scandinavia , but for different reasons : he wanted new recruits for the ss . 
  hitler was pushed over the edge by his fears of an allied intervention in norway , as part of a plan to support the finnish during the winter war , and if the british occupied norway they could close of the baltic sea . 
  the irony lies in the fact that during the subsequent invasion the surface fleet of the kriegsmarine was so heavily depleted , that raeder was no longer useful for hitler , and thus d\u00f6nitz and his u-boats rose to prominence . 
  source is * the second world war * by antony beevor, 
  initially hitler did n't even want to invade norway , but he was convinced by the kriegsmarine . 
  shows that he was n't just invading countries for shits and giggles . 
  lend-lease tanks constituted between 30 and 40 % of heavy and medium tank strength before moscow at the beginning of december 1941 . 
  [ i for one am glad that we were liberated by the 1st canadian army instead of the 2nd belorussian front ] ( http://i.imgur.com/enaxl0e.png ), 
  the 13th light brigade will most likely end up in a french formation ... 
   how do we know you have n't been asked and turned the proposal down , in order to not endanger your f-35 deal with the us for example ? 
  if that was the case , this project wo n't get very far anyway , as a majority of european countries are buying ( or are planning to buy ) the f-35 . 
  i found this report of the government . 
  it is in dutch : https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewiy84za15_uahuhklakhq-2cp8qfggsmae&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.rijksoverheid.nl%2fbinaries%2frijksoverheid%2fdocumenten%2fkamerstukken%2f2017%2f05%2f04%2fkamerbrief-met-verslag-informele-raad-buitenlandse-zaken-met-ministers-van-defensie%2fkamerbrief-met-verslag-informele-raad-buitenlandse-zaken-met-ministers-van-defensie.pdf&amp;usg=afqjcnfqj4e8avqcpsck8xksvcnchmquuq&amp;sig2=59ycxsrhqmqn45muyhu-fq main points seem to be : * dutch government strongly supports the pesco initiative * calls for deployment of eu battle groups in africa . 
  * more financing for eu battle groups this one is the most important imo : * the eu should be very ambitious when it comes to european defense cooperation . 
  this goes for the coordinated annual review on defence ( card ) and for pesco it seems like the dutch government is certainly enthusiastic . 
  note that this is a very recent report ( may 15th 2017 ) . 
  but is n't the budget you 're referring to only $ 900 million total ? 
  whilst important , the administrative costs of nato is n't really comparable to actual military spending . 
  if franco-german military cooperation remains just franco-german , it would be huge loss for europe . 
   you guys need to speak up we do n't need to speak up at all . 
  senior military leadership seems to meet almost every two weeks , our minister of defense is constantly in bonn or bergen , and memorandum after memorandum is being signed on further cooperation . 
  yet this pesco concept remains a franco-german party . 
  the tornado will need to be replaced , regardless of who occupies the white house . 
  waiting until 2022 and buying of the shelf is not far fetched at all . 
  these things tend to survive the fickle winds of diplomacy . 
  i would not be surprised if the groundwork is being laid behind closed doors , with a democratic administration in 2022 closing the deal . 
  like i said , we will just have to agree to disagree . 
  i hope you are right , but i do not believe this to be a good start . 
  really ? 
  ' a blue collar slave factory '' ? 
  that 's a good one . 
  these were the options : an expensive plane that is partially constructed in the netherlands , providing us with jobs and profit , or an expensive plane that will need to be replaced within 20 years . 
  poland 's t-72 variants are just as capable as spain 's 2a4 's . 
  moreover poland also has 260 leopard 2a5 's and a4 's . 
  spain has a 159 fighters while poland has only 84 . 
  even while not counting the older su-17 's i 'm still getting to 92 . 
  moreover i 'm not counting undelivered aircraft . 
  i 'll concede the naval points . 
  naval assets are not a priority of poland . 
  even still . 
  poland is very dedicated to its military advancement and the polish military will continue to grow the coming years . 
  spain is not in a comparable situation . 
  does n't the spanish military have a large debt problem as result of downplaying on equipment ? 
  moreover , how well funded is the spanish military ? 
  poland is on 2 % of its gdp , spain is on less than 1 % . 
  that is bound to lead to operational issues . 
   that 's the most important thing . 
  it does n't profit to the european industry , at all . 
  it does profit european industry . 
  we literally get profit from this structure . 
  sure , we do n't have ** all ** the r&d knowledge , but it is a lot more than what we would have gotten if we bought saab or rafale . 
   where would you draw the line ? 
  military cooperation between 2 nations ? 
  exchange of intel between 2 nations ? 
  common taxation ? 
  it 's not up to others to decide what france and germany are doing with their government structures , and if they are starting to integrate them . 
  why are n't we invited to any v4 meetings ? 
  how is that ok , but cooperation between france and germany is n't ? 
   then they should n't call this the start of a european military force , but the start of a french-german military force . 
   but currently , some german and french shipbuilding industries are in competition for netherlands submarines , who 'll likely go to germany at the end of the day . 
  well it is almost certain that damen will get the contract . 
  i do n't think the germans and french can counter damen 's entrenched lobby groups in the hague . 
  well i do n't think we 're going to agree on this one . 
  i see your point , but i do n't think excluding the other treaty of rome signatories in such an important matter is wise . 
  do we need or want to ?
