  you are confusing the visegr\u00e1d battlegroup with the v4 group . 
  no you 're not . 
  the first concepts of what eventually became the eu battlegroup program were conceived in 2004 . 
  so there is no way that this v4 agreement predates this . 
  actually the eu combined have more combat aircraft then russia ... 
  iceland is a strategic asset to nato , that 's why they are in the alliance . 
  their membership is more of a benefit to us then it is to them . 
  you guys actually spend 2 percent of the us defense budget on your military with 7 percent of their population . 
  ( i was bored so i calculated it , you were pretty close ), 
  lock on , modern air combat follows a similar plot, 
  why is the netherlands not on this chart ? 
  we are russia 's biggest importer ( 44 billion/8 .7 % of russia 's total export ) . 
  and on top of that we export 22 billion worth of goods to russia ( 7 % of russia 's entire import ) . 
  i get the feeling that you would enjoy this subreddit then : / r/credibledefense, 
  a intervention into the ukraine would probably be a nato one , and seeing that the bg 's are ( supposedly ) very rapid formations they would be on the front line the first , along with the nato response force and the ukrainian armed forces . 
  after that its probably the polish 2nd mechanised corps followed by eastern europeans ( provided that they join the conflict ) . 
  then the heavy hitters finally join the fray ( the american 2nd stryker cav regiment and the german/anglo/french forces ) . 
  interesting stuff . 
  you almost forget how much war sucks . 
  but seeing that this is the real world and not supreme ruler , this wo n't happen since putin is n't dumb and neither are merkel , hollande , obama etc etc. 
  the crimea will just fester with russian '' peace-keepers '' and pro russian militia until the situation stabilizes . 
  ^ ^ at ^ ^ least ^ ^ i ^ ^ hope ^ ^ so . 
   the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations . 
   the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used . 
  that 's from the the budapest memorandum . 
  its not a mutual defense treaty , but just letting russia steamroll ukraine is just morally wrong . 
  i though americans valued liberty and justice over all ? 
  is letting ukraine be partially annexed by russia justice ? 
  what kind of message does that send to your allies ? 
  the battlegroups in questions are formed around a rapid reaction battalion from the strongest nation in the battlegroup ( sweden and greece ) . 
  the battalion is supplemented by artillery , air defence , logistics and intelligence that is provided by the other nations in the bg . 
  additional support in the form of air , naval and special forces assets will be allocated based on the operational tasks the unit is expected to perform . 
  these units have trained together and are on paper combat ready . 
  ( it should be noted that there indeed have been reports on lacking internal cooperation , but these reports stem from 2010 and the swedish commander promised that the issue would be tackled ) as for the second part of your post if the crimea wants to secede that 's great for them . 
  they should be given the freedom to do so , provided this happens in a orderly democratic fashion . 
  if russia forcefully enters the crimea with the intention to speed this progress along , its an act of war against the sovereign nation of ukraine . 
  international law will be blatantly ignored and the russian federation will ( again ) put itself above the unsc and above the nuremberg principles . 
  while i agree that the prospect of european troops dying in some ( with all due respect ) eastern european clusterfuck just blatantly sucks , we can not let russia just annex a part of another nation , a nation that the uk , your country , guaranteed the sovereignty of . 
  russia ca n't just be allowed to bully the former ussr around like its 1960 . 
  on a side note hampering russia 's control of the black sea and in extension the mediterranean is in europe 's strategic interest . 
  i think it is in europe 's best interest to no let russia take the crimea . 
  me responding to the second part of your post is just my opinion on the matter and it should not be seen as anything else . 
  i respect that people see things very differently . 
  its a very complicated and delicate matter . 
  russia 's military is most certainly not a joke , not even when compared to the soviet 1960-1980 period . 
  putin and medvedev have been reforming the military the past decade and billions have been pumped into modernizing its equipment . 
  in terms of naval strategy and inventory , command and control and logistics russia has a more capable military then china at the moment . 
  still no match for the us of course , but do n't underestimate the bear . 
  he has a point though , you ca n't just force people to give up their nationality and become part of the russian federation . 
  helbroc and the nordic battle group are the 2 eu battlegroups on station . 
  so sweden , finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , ireland , norway greece , bulgaria , cyprus and romania are the first responders in terms of war . 
  you make it sound like there is a some kind of separate council of eu politicians that decide where and when the battlegroups go . 
  use of the military is controlled by the european council which encompasses all of the eu heads of states . 
  if the eu goes into an armed conflict its because the member states want it . 
  not because van rompuy or barroso want it, 
  to be fair , the situation in ukraine will inevitably affect the eu in the coming decades . 
  not to be pedantic but when exactly is a flag blooded ? 
  eurofor led isaf for a year and during that time at least 5 soldiers from eu countries died in combat . 
  adding to that , eu missions to hotspots around the globe also suffered casualties . 
  why was n't the the flag '' blooded '' then ? 
  well suriname used to be dutch ... 
  [ uhm ... ] ( http://troll.me/images/angry-samuel-l-jackson/sarcasm-motherfucker-do-you-speak-it.jpg ), 
  yeah , creepy as fuck, 
  no , i 'm suggesting that the minister of defense should n't be the commander and chief . 
  the german defense minister is the commander and chief of the bundeswehr though , to me it would seem that someone with a military background would be more appropriate for such a position . 
  encryption is n't same thing as spying though . 
  the way i see it is a nato member helping another nato member out in secure military communications . 
  conscription probably would n't work for an eu army , but national service is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  it does n't have to be in the armed forces . 
  especially if a military is to wage war or keep the peace as you say its smart to keep conscription , when you 're applying power projection in foreign much smaller and weaker countries where the main resistance is insurgency you 'll need an volunteer force . 
   in the first case you want conscription . 
  you want mass reserves to replenish losses . 
  but the men forced to fight must believe what are they fighting for . 
  if they believe in the cause they will rally to mobilization . 
   in the second one , specially if the war is unpopular , you want an army that is detached from society , something like a warrior class where there is basically one option to go and fight . 
  it is very important to break association with common folk . 
  a couple of countries with conscripted yet highly regarded militaries are denmark , switzerland , austria , norway and singapore . 
  conscription is n't necessarily a bad thing though . 
  it would be the worlds second in terms of personnel ( after china ) , it would be fourth in number of tanks ( after russia , china and the us . ) . 
  we would have the second largest navy ( after the usn ) . 
  on terms of combat air craft we would come in third after russia and the us . 
  we would be third in nuclear weapons and attack helicopters after russia and the us . 
  the thing is , the eu lacks logistical capability , most notably air-to-air refueling and air lifting . 
  this severely impacts its power projection . 
  edit : the carrier number is also debatable , britain 's acquisition of a second queen elizabeth class is uncertain at best , and france wo n't be getting a new carrier . 
  queen elizabeth also wo n't be operational until 2020 . 
  that brings the number of carriers to 4 . 
  only the french one is nuclear powered and none are super-carriers ( this will change when the elizabeth gets into service ) . 
  for comparison russia wants to have 4 nuclear super-carriers by 2023 and china wants to have 3 fleet carriers by then . 
  the us will still have 11 super-carriers , with the nimitz class being replaced by the gerald ford class . 
  wait , id cards are n't mandatory in the uk ? 
  bosnia was n't the last time we went and even then we participated heavily in the bosnian war . 
  we flew 1194 sorties during deliberate force and also scored an air to air kill against an yugo mig-29 . 
  srebenica was an anomaly , we were unprepared and they caught us of guard , it is in no way a reflection of our actual performance in the war . 
  define '' last time '' and '' you people '' . 
  sweden is n't neutral , its non-aligned . 
  well the alternative is rwanda 2.0 , i 'll take an eu combat mission to the car over that any time . . 
  its fucking bullshit that people are still dying as a result of world war 2 , fuck that . 
  war sucks ass . 
  so you 're saying that belgium should just have laid their weapons down and let the germans march on paris ?
