  the field of candidates in such events is not random , it is the winners of smaller regions . 
  a better question would be : are non-white women participating in the entry-levels in a proportional way ? 
  excuse me , but this is a case where the security of the child is in jeopardy , and the fact that noone but the father and the children did speak polish in a very tightly-controlled surrounding was a potential security risk . 
  he could have threatened them to achieve different behaviors from them . 
  it can not possibly be the role of the jugendamt to have translators for any potentially-used language on hand . 
  official languages in hamburg is : german . 
  it would probably have been fine if the father in this case would have provided a translator . 
  [ relevant law on that thing . 
  how does the ability or knowledge of someone to remember a historical fact change the historical fact ? 
  another reason given , yes . 
  reason for getting danzig back : the german population was being described as `` surpressed '' by ( in the sense of `` surpressor '' ) the polish-controlled city government . 
  heh , i need to get that movie . 
  sounds like fun ( and probably a little like `` the good soldier \u0160vejk '' ) . 
  [ of course they do n't . ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schleierfahndung ) . 
  i do assume other schengen countries do have comparative laws . 
  for stating historical facts ? 
  read contemporary texts ... 
  that was the reason , not the reason * given * . 
  kaczynski should remember that poland surpressing the german minority was one of the reasons given for the german attack on poland in ' 39 . 
  ** edit ** : it surprises me how many / r/europe readers are reading-impaired . 
  oh , enlighten me . 
  what is not true ? 
  * that there are random id checks ? 
  hell , i have that as an obviously german-speaking german in germany . 
  * that not having id is a hassle even for schengen natives when the police asks for it ? 
  * that not having valid id on you as a non-schengen native will result in even more trouble , and you can very easily be considered an illegal immigrant ? 
  * that non-producability of a visa is against the visa statutes and can result in multi-year banishment ? 
  ... if you happen to be an eu citizen . 
  random id checks do exist effectively everywhere . 
  being an non-eu-citizen without valid id will result in trouble , up to deportation and banishment for up to ten years from the schengen zone , depending on where you are caught and if the police has had a good day or not . 
   sarah luzia hassel-reusing whose work includes [ putting drunk drivers back behind the wheel ] ( http://www.mpu-beratungsstelle-wuppertal.de/sarahluziahassel.html ) and does sound like the wet dream of / r/shitredditsays , [ is known for putting rather nutty stuff in front of the bverfg ] ( http://oedpbergischland.blogspot.de/2012/08/eilantrage-zur-verfassungsklage-von.html ) . 
  comparing `` crimes against humanity '' against anything happening in greece right now should be grounds for mandatory education on where this concept comes from . 
  having to pay your bills and only work with the cash you have is not a crime against humanity . 
  i am not arguing that disabled people are n't human beings . 
  i 'm arguing that they are choosen * because * they are disabled , not because they are musicians . 
  while it might be considered `` giving them a hand '' , it makes their display pretty much a freak show - it specifically draws attention to their disability . 
  this is true for every people living under every political leadership . 
  common folks usually are decent . 
  ruling elites , however ... 
   how is that anything but positive ? 
  [ linguistic imperialism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/linguistic_imperialism ) exists . 
   do you want to able to speak with fewer people ? 
  by that reasoning , we should adopt chinese . 
   all countries adopt english as secondary language . 
  actually , i 'm for finnish . 
  because if you want to fuck up people 's lives , let 's do so to the greatest extend possible by choosing the major language with the fewest native speakers . 
  i just quizzed my 16-year-old little sister . 
  she could easily give me the names of 10 us singers . 
  she knew 3 or 4 musicians from all over asia and south america . 
  she did n't know anyone from spain , or italy , or ireland , for that matter . 
  i think it 's one more data point that verifies what i thought when i was her age : youth culture happens outside of the eu . 
   seriously , who would n't ? 
  me , for example . 
  the song was a 5 at best , the whole thing screamed publicity stunt , and differently from ... some people , i prefer people winning on the merit of them being * good * instead of just being good at causing a controversy . 
  i know this is going to be controversial , but i feel this is a political decision , not one based on merit . 
  just like when last year , germany sent a female band up there which could n't sing , but had ukrainian members . 
  or when the blind person sang . 
  or when a fake transgendered person `` won '' because we wanted to show how progressive the eu was . 
  or about half a douzen such decisions that i do n't recall . 
  wait , a daughter interviewing her father now is considered a beacon of journalistic integrity in a sea of propaganda now ? 
  you are arguing practicality , as / u/confoederationis argues if the legal framework for such moves exist within eu law . 
  seriously , i doubt anyone here even wants the us or australia in . 
  good !, 
  i 've been in the one on display in sinsheim ... it felt like a corpse . 
  that the `` museum '' does n't seem to care about preservation , shows items ( including one of the rr engines ) in what appears to be a factory hall without much lighting or explanation and that they had the audacity of putting a female mannequin in one of the passenger seats who is touching herself did not help , either . 
  it 's nearby russian counterpart ( they also have a tu-144 ) did n't fare much better , either . 
  let 's return the bird to flight . 
  that 's what it is meant to do . 
  the fact that we do n't have anything comparable in technological pioneering work and elegance today is one of the great tragedies of our time . 
   beating your wife is against the law , no ? 
  only if it is not done with consent . 
  even the americans have something called `` spousal discipline '' , which is a wife agreeing to corporal punishment for acting against the wishes of her husband . 
  so , if the woman agrees , why not ? 
  remember : eu-lovers want a federalized united states of europe . 
  that 's how it would look like . 
  i am pretty sure they consider themselves citizens of the islamic state . 
  we should recognize this organization as a nationstate , thus depriving them of our citizenship ( or actively kick them out ) , then bomb the shit out of them . 
   you ca n't force countries to accept refugees . 
  they are in the process of trying to proove the opposite . 
   what about the opinions of the citizens ? 
  what if they do n't want to be forced into a multicultural society ? 
  who the fuck cares about what the citizens want ? 
  remember these words once there 's election time in poland next time : `` you have to vote for one of us ''   so it would n't benefit anyone since they 'd all try to cross the border into germany . 
  which would then be an individual illegal act which can be punished individually by sending them back to wherever they came from . 
   the sanctions themselves could ultimately be cheaper in the long run than by supporting thousands of people on welfare . 
  a problem that can easily be solved by increasing the sanctions . 
   the quality of the music & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; this clearly is a subpar , student-level version of this piece of music . 
  obviously , he meant staged as in `` some media company being behind this , given the semiprofessional video-shooting and the kinda scripted intro '' . 
  given how many of these there are , these are definitely staged . 
  [ have a very similar example from n\u00fcrnberg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a23945btjyw ) . 
  dru-nk with joy . 
  four syllables . 
  i think leaving out the combustion element here is ok , because that 's really not what this is about . 
  also : joy -- e-bi-rous, 
  do they speak somewhat-decent german ? 
  then their skills are pretty much worthless . 
  no , english wo n't help them in the vast majority of jobs over here . 
  you 'd be surprised how little of us actually are able to even order a beer in english . 
  if we can not do that , how are we supposed to give work orders to skilled workers ? 
   germany 's social system is based on the principle that many young , working people support the retirement-funds for old people .
