  terrifying , overengineered and perfectly impractical - the state of german military development . 
  was n't portugal the country with the one-use submarine ( because it could dive ... once ) ? 
  ... remember the sbz ? 
  trust me , we do not want any more eastern areas back - the soviets did a good job making them unattractive . 
  has anyone noticed the russian polandball at 0:17 ? 
   i have a question . 
  the russians ( media , politicans ) always claim the ukrainians are fascists or the fascists want to fight them . 
  are there actualy any fascist `` forces '' ( or parties ) involved ? 
  look no further than the [ goddamned zdf ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/medien/ukraine-konflikt-im-zdf-hakenkreuz-und-ss-rune-protest-von-zuschauern/10685462.html ) , then decide for yourself ( btw : the zdf claims they are only `` free corps '' , not nazis . 
  free corps with ss insignia , but not nazis . ), 
  ca n't decide if that 's the worst dive or the best one i 've ever seen . 
   which was appropriate since it was the greek government that shelled out the lion 's share of the cost for the building 's renovation . 
  i guess it was the serbs who shelled it out in the first place ... 
   he is one and send fighters to syria . 
  then it should be easy to charge him with creation and membership in a terrorist organization instead of teasing him with this unlawful uniformation bullshit . 
  in fact , it is . 
  it 's not uncommon for people on stag night to be dressed similarily , some even have a police-themed party . 
  `` party police '' t-shirts are perfectly unpolitical and would not be covered by the law . 
  and sharia is not an ideology , but an in-itself unpolitical aspect of one . 
  technically , they called themselves `` police '' - in english , not `` polizei '' - in german . 
  that alone is enough to distinguish them from `` assuming titles and badges '' , so this is not a $ 132 case . 
  thankfully , we live in societies in which guilt by association is an outdated concept , do n't you think ? 
   that this kind of behavior is not allowed that 's the question . 
  is going around town and asking people to stop behavior verboten ? 
  is it verboten once you wear t-shirts of the same color ? 
  actually , it has been shown that a higher court thinks the vests might be an uniform . 
  the highest german court , however , ruled that to qualify as an uniform , the uniform itself needs to be `` intimidating '' . 
  now , how intimidating is a car-security high-visibility vest to you ? 
   period . 
  whenever someone uses that , i imagine him/her wearing a brown uniform and a little moustache . 
  `` basta '' is a bad way of discussion . 
   if they 're not found guilty , they 'll continue , and once they 're established these guys patrolled * one * time for about * four * hours - they stopped long before a lawsuit was even on the table . 
  this is a publicity stunt , not the establishment of a iran-style religious police . 
  personally , i 'd have no problem with that , just as i would have no problem with the extreme left wearing mao t-shirts . 
  it 's an expression of their - arguably rotten - personality , and it makes them easier to identify and avoid . 
  well , it does appear the french only have one fighting war hero - jeanne d'arc - and they turned her over to the enemy . 
  ah , the big questions of mankind , 
  welllll ... in the 1980s generation , we still associated poland with car thieves . 
  `` come to poland for your vacation - your car is already there ! '', 
  ( for the non-german readers : back then , cars were still holy for us germans ... essentially what cows are for hindu indians ) . 
  that has waned a little in the last years , though . 
   stupid jokes from ignorant kids how do you identify a french-made tank ? 
  one forward gear , six reverse gears . 
  that is really insightful information on the unit numbers ... but how does he want to proove that missile came out of a unit designated as ~ ~ 322 ~ ~ 332 ? 
  edit : typo, 
  it 's deader than the moon . 
  i would be really interested on how they want to proove that . 
  it 's not like the launcher 's serial number is imprinted on the rocket , nor it 's shrapnel . 
  well , the stripper , if her costume is too similar to a real one , could find herself in front of a judge for \u00a7 132a stgb . 
  the mere common association of a group to a political ideology does not automatically make any uniform they were automatically illegal . 
   the sharia police falls under that law actually , the courts are torn over this , which is the problem . 
  also , the uniform needs to be `` intimidating '' according to the bverfg . 
  yes . 
  still , their high-visibility jackets did n't read `` political islam police '' . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's a medevial islamic law system . 
   rural bavaria , the north sea or to bonn to our non-german friends ... that 's the hit-list of undesireable places to be , in ascending order . 
  that 's a very shaky lawsuit . 
  `` sharia '' is n't a political ideology . 
  so , albania is basically poland 's bielefeld . 
  niche to see some things are universal . 
  this is mostly related to the rail network having been designed in times when there were actual borders . 
  outside of a few high-speed links , there is very little new rail construction going on nowadays . 
   it will make production under more stringent environmental standards more competitive . 
  actually , it lead directly to china now being the main producer of solar cells , and i 'd wager that their environemtal standards are n't really comparable to ours . 
   that would be true if they slashed the subsidies for fossil fuels , nuclear energy and claimed all the past subsidies to those sectors in excess of those given for renewables back . 
  thus establishing the basis for the `` good subsidies/bad subsidies '' line of reasoning . 
  and here i was thinking the problem was actually china hiking up their rare earth prices and the state slashing funds for promoting solar energy ... thus making the market fairer . 
   my mother who never really work will outlive my father and there is a huge chance that ( if i was n't there ) she will live in poverty . 
  in germany , the surviving spouse gets a large part of the pensions of the deceased one . 
  it 's called `` widow 's rent '' . 
  sure . 
  but when was that ? 
  times , they are a-changing ... do we really see a paedagogic advantage in asking 6-graders to tell the class about their favorite anal experience ? 
   this family is not bad in itself and it probably look like a lot of great family in europe . 
  well , the fact that the artist took extra effort to make the kids look bad/demented is telling . 
   this was expecting goosestepping ss soldiers . 
  am positively surprised  + + + would click again . 
   germans have < 2 kids , not 3 . 
  which is * one * of our * major problems * . 
   in my whole life i have never seen germans like this . 
  which is probably the point . 
  you should leave the house more . 
  also , you probably should go into more rural parts of the country . 
  it 's called * hypophora/anthypophora * and is one of the classical devices of rhetoric . 
  last time i checked ( ~ 2014 ) , solar companies were dying left and right because lack of funding . 
  actually , no such thing will happen . 
  the vast majority of europeans do n't care , and the few that does are easily labeled as nutjobs . 
  and all we have to do is to pump money into china to get those precious rare earth metals needed for solar cell production . 
  you do n't need to . 
  people learn in kindergarten the concepts of `` mine '' and `` yours '' . 
  if someone buys something , it 's theirs . 
   it 's a shame fraktur is completely gone today . 
  yeah , another victim of nazism , which considered fraktur to be `` jewish '' . 
  someone does n't understand what no true scotsman means . 
  but then , you do n't use their iconography or their battle hymns, 
  by that logic , it would be perfectly fine to celebrate hitler 's birthday , because hitler 's birthday has been celebrated before he became political . 
   so i would wager that if the state fell apart the now liberated people would be suspicious of both democracy and socialism initially you can see a similar effect in the former gdr . 
  if now , 25 years after reunification , you want to find antidemocrats , the best bet is to go into former gdr territory . 
  yes , i am aware there 's the `` everyone happy , free and equal '' ideology .
