  ... yet . 
  it 's not like germany , out of all the countries in the world , could n't produce a nuke in little time . 
  been there , done that . 
  eventually had a doctor tell me i 'm actively limiting my life with my caffeine intake . 
  went cold turkey , now substain my awareness levels mostly by meditation . 
  it works , but it 's a bitch to explain to your boss . 
   it worked for france and britain in wwi and for france , britain and the us in wwii . 
  that 's ages ago , and it depended on a population that was ill-informed and easily swayed by crude propaganda ( `` the hun-ape 's comming to rape your girlfriends '' ) that does n't work once people are interconnected ( seriously , how many people really think computer games cause school shootings ? ), 
   and nuking russia would be a bad idea , because they have a working missile defence system , while we have not . 
  i would caution against calling a missile defense `` working '' if it has n't ever been tested under realistic conditions . 
  that being said , if the russians do have a working missile shield , they 're decades further than anyone else in the world ( the us fails gloriously when it comes to missile defense , and * they * should know ) , so attacking russia would be an even worse idea . 
  of course , every system has a `` maximum amount of coverage '' , so just send them twice as many missiles . 
  it or emt ? 
  they will fight until it 's clear they 're losing . 
  then they will put up a draft , and fight till they 're losing . 
  eventually , we would have to draft eu citizens to win - and in a democracy , that 's political suicide . 
  putin does n't really have * that * problem . 
  and if russia still is losing , they can always just nuke us from orbit . 
  such a strike would hurt europe much more than a retaliation strike would hurt russia - because there just are n't as many relevant targets . 
  at the end of the day , everyone loses - but some lose more . 
  they also will throw wave after wave of soldiers at you until you lose . 
  and if that does n't work , they 'll nuke you . 
  trust me , we learned that lesson the hard way . 
  twice . 
  yeah ... that kind of behavior also once extended to tobacco :p do n't worry , though . 
  they eventually will find something else to feel `` wow , much mature '' about . 
  for minors . 
  of course , do minors really need to drink coffee ? 
  i guess it 's still different . 
  you can easily drink three litres of energy drinks in a short time . 
  try drinking a litre of coffee in the same time . 
   and who would actually be willing to push the button ? 
  well , i would . 
  better still , [ make it automatic , and put it outside of your control ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fail-deadly ) . 
   because you really think it would n't mean also the end of europe , that russia would n't retaliate ? 
  do you think you can win conventional warfare with russia ? 
   around the time putin gets bored again and invades somewhere else and people wonder who will help them . 
  one targeted missile at moscow would solve that problem . 
  make it four to limit vulnerability in a second-strke scenario . 
  announce that any attack against your country immediately will lead to nuclear retaliation . 
  save tons of money on toys like tanks or aircraft . 
  total cost of ownership : neglible . 
  the ukraine 's error was agreeing to the budapest memorandum . 
   besides , would you look after kids if you had them ? 
  or would you constantly leave them with soneone else ( the nato big boys ) while you go do stuff ? 
  we call it `` kindergarten '' - but in reality , i 'm a friend of the `` old '' way to raise kids , e.g. 
  give them tons of freedom . 
  when i was 8-10 , i roamed the area on my own , built forts in the woods , and had a great time . 
  i feel sad for the kids nowadays who have schedules packed worse than mine and who have helicopter parents/caretakers watching their every step . 
  i would do neither , within reason . 
  a title alone wo n't get you a job . 
  networking does . 
  networking in mint will give better job opportunities than networking in `` history of marxist feminism '' or even business administration that being said : of course it 's about labor cost . 
  coffee has between 480 and 600 mg/l , so it 's sketchy ... coca-cola has 136 mg/l of caffeine , so the rule does n't apply . 
  source : the [ kantonslabor basel-stadt ] ( http://www.kantonslabor-bs.ch/files/infos/e_coffeinkaffee.pdf ), 
   i can understand being over qualified , but she already has a job . 
  provided that she is doing that job well , i do n't think her over qualification should count . 
  she is not a german citizen . 
  she does a job a german national could do as well , and reasonably-qualified german nationals are available on the job market . 
  the responsibility of a country first and foremost is for their own citizens . 
  in other words : it 's meant for the benefit of the country , not the benefit of the immigrants ... ... *** like everywhere else in the world ***, 
   especially because i do not know the amount of available positions for people with a ma in social sciences in germany . 
  we have no shortage of people with - to be blunt - rather worthless and easy degrees . 
  we need more mint people . 
  do n't fuck other people 's shit up - do n't need an oversized military . 
  when will the us/nato understand ? 
  it 's a language thing . 
  for some reasons , some countries do have a qualified pronoun in german ( `` der irak '' , `` der iran '' , `` die ukraine '' ) . 
  i was not aware that 's diminutive in english . 
  it is my understanding that `` majdan '' just means `` place , traffic crossing , central location within a city '' . 
  the ukraine is then littered with `` majdans '' - euromaidan is the insurrection that happened on and around the majdan nesaleschnosti in late 2013 and early 2014 . 
   that assumes that the current ukrainian government would slaughter peaceful pro-russian protesters . 
  given there are clear indications that some of the maidan deaths were caused by proukrainian snipers , and they openly talked about nuclear arms to be developed ( and the west looking the other way ) i would assume * anything * when it comes to the ukraine . 
  especially when they feel threatened . 
   the west does not like it , because nobody they trust was able to follow the proceedings actually , they do n't like it because it 's their arch enemy working there . 
   and at least the crimean tartars are very unhappy with the outcome , and they make up more than 2 % of the population they did n't go to the referendum , according to the sources i 've read , so they forfeithed their vote . 
  he who does not vote does not get to complain . 
   then the options on the referendum ballot were `` join russia now '' or `` join russia later '' . 
  actually , that 's western propaganda . 
  it was `` russia now '' or `` return to the constitution of 1992 '' , which was the one they actually had before the maidan mess . 
   and there were armed forces active on crimea , most likely deployed by russia . 
  does that make any afghan/iraqi election illegitimate because nato/us forces being present ? 
   and the referendum was held very shortly after it was announced . 
  frankly , with 76 % russians on the crimea , i do n't see why they bothered with a referendum after all . 
  it 's a clear case . 
  some people do n't like to be pushed around for years by a potentially antirussian ukrainian security apparatus * for years * . 
  transparent ballot boxes also are insurance against an evil dictator stuffing them with tons of pro-votes before the referendum even has begun . 
  envelopes are unusual in elections ( i followed elections in three different western countries . 
  armed guards at election places are not unusual in potentially dangerous places where voters might be target for terrorist attacks . 
  we got them in afghanistan and iraq all the time . 
   also , have there been many legitimate referendums where one side gets 97 % ? 
  the saarreferendum 1935 - which was held by the impartial league of legends - had 91 % of the population vote for the return to germany . 
  i would have to find more examples . 
  just because a number is high does not mean it 's illegitimate . 
   a proper referendum works without armed forces and a lot of preliminary preparations . 
  if the will of the people is clear , why would you make them jump through hoops , like the scots ? 
   add to those facts that the ukrainian law states that a legitimate referendum would have to include the whole ukrainian population . 
  that 's about as irrelevant as it gets , given that the crimeans did not consider themselves part of the ukraine at that point of time anymore . 
  still , why follow the oppressor 's rules ? 
  you do secession because you do n't like their rule ( s ) to begin with .
