  there is no excuses to be uttered , and no analysis to be taken . 
  electing a fascist faction is wrong , period . 
   i agree that germany should know better , that 's why imposing harsh economic conditions contributed to this outcome . 
  the situation is not comparable . 
  versailles was about humiliation and destroying our economy . 
  the austerity package is about enabling the greek economy . 
  two very different things . 
   the u.s. has recovered better from the crisis than most eu countries - thanks in part to a more ambitious economic stimulus program . 
  hahaha , yes , keep believing that . 
  i hope you stocked up good in food and ammo for great depression ii . 
  `` die rechnung wird zum schlu\u00df gemacht '' ( = you will get the bill when all is said and done )  if a newspaper happens to be located in a country you deem to be doing badly overall , its editors and op-ed writers do n't have the right to publish critical analyses of what 's happening in other countries ? 
  they have any right to do so - it just is not exactly a trustworthy source . 
  would you trust a greek newspaper op-ed from 2007 saying everything is ok and every other country is a fuck-up because they do n't get fourteen wages per year ? 
  i am writing what i write because of my nationality . 
  we showed the world what happens when you vote nazi . 
  for sixty years , we have been the whipping boys for that decision , the assholes of the world . 
  anyone voting nazi post-1945 , knowing what they are capable of , is an asshole . 
  now we are going down the `` freemasons are everywhere and our downfall '' route . 
  what next ? 
  jews ? 
  you can protest , but it would be more efficient to start digging yourselves out of the hole you created by yourselves . 
  how many of you have a vegetable garden ? 
  how many of you have started to create small groups supporting each other , based on principles of self-sufficiency ? 
  how many of you have started to produce ? 
  a single person with a mental problem has committed suicide when his economic situation was about to became `` unbearable '' . 
  cry me a river . 
  we have that every other week over here . 
  current statistics speak of 20k homeless - that 's laughably little , and if we only had that few , our politicians would happily dance in their offices . 
  this is not a culture clash or me hearing propaganda , it is you having examples for the end of the world that seem like a quarrel in the kindergarten . 
   for your information the number of homeless people has increased by 30 % since 2009 , soup kitchens can not cope with the demand for foodm neither can shelters . 
  those are relative numbers . 
  if there were three homeless people in 2009 , and now there are four , this still would be a 30 % hike . 
  do you have absolute numbers ? 
   to say that greeks are not impoverished by looking at one person is rubbish . 
  what i am saying is that if you have enough energy to protest against politicians ( and with that - the ones most likely to get this fixed ) , then you have not met real hardship and you need to get your priorities straight . 
   save the goebbels-esque propaganda for der spiegel , please . 
  heh , it 's funny because der spiegel is more than just left-leaning . 
  someone who can waste food is not impoverished . 
  you need to get out of your first-world-problem kind of thinking . 
  how many people starved to death in greece in april of 2012 ? 
  if merkel wants to be re-elected , she better gets her behind to kiew should our team be finalists . 
  absence would be noted by a far margin of her voter-base , which often is n't the brightest bunch of people = soccer fans . 
  ... or about the gas princess . 
  ... from a newspaper in a country that is just about to enter it 's third recession within a decade and has 15 trillions of debt , always hoping the chinese wo n't call dibs . 
  take that , 
  ok , let 's assume by `` bavarian '' , you refer to oberbayern . 
  their culture is a lot more `` krachledern '' than the austrian gem\u00fctlichkeit , more gung-ho . 
  more related to beer , too . 
  i just got a webcam in athens on my screen . 
  i see people sitting in cafes while cars run around . 
  plus , said webcam has electricity . 
  the situation is not yet catastrophic . 
   an anarchist party is an oxymoron [ appd ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarchist_pogo_party_of_germany ), 
  after a few * thousand * years of fighting each other , i think it takes more than just a little economic trouble to bring them together . 
  as a german , i completely disagree , for the simple matter that versailles is not comparable to the situation greece finds itself in . 
  versailles was designed to be an act of humiliation and cutting our economy to a level where it would break together , after the people was starved by a war that raged on for four years . 
  the austerity measures are designed to be something to * help * the greek economy , an economy that was starved by unsubstainable wages and entitlement programs ever since 1974 . 
  what we make the greeks do at the moment is what we did to ourselves post-2000 , with the so-called agenda 21 : cut wages and entitlements , help the economy . 
  our real wages shrunk ever since 1994 while at the same time the greek wages multiplied . 
  we created new industries while the biggest thing greece did in the last twenty years was having olympic games . 
  it seems our strategy worked , and it will work again . 
  will it be hard ? 
  incredibly so . 
  but in a few decades , even the most stone-headed greek will agree everything turned out for the better . 
   some of them might as well be , but the vast majority of them are not . 
  yes , they are . 
  they voted for a nazi party . 
  you ca n't be not an asshole and vote for neo-nazis . 
  there is no excuse . 
   publicly humiliated with water , eggs , yoghurt thrown at them obviously the greek people is by far not as impoverished as the media tries to make us believe if they can abuse food like that . 
  those are the same people who for decades get paid more than their work was worth . 
  14 wages a year is unsubstainable . 
  having an arms race against the turkish is unsubstainable ( because they actually do have some industry ) . 
  at some point , your creditors will just stop giving you money . 
  if greece does n't stop acting like a spoiled kid , and soon , the results for the greek people will be catastrophic . 
  i think dismissing a whole class of historic sources is never a good idea , especially if they change the basis of your complete argument . 
  yeah , that 's what the history books we have in school say . 
  read some of his letters . 
  you will find him not a warmonger , but a hunted person , overstrained with his task in a situation that was less than clear . 
  to have a war , you always need two parties . 
   we need to pass that growth on i do n't see how it is fair for us to work our asses off with no increases in wages for more than a decade while countries like greece had wage increases in the two-digit area , and now we should continue to work our asses off so they get out of their mess . 
  there are a * lot * of letters from wilhelm ii that show he did everything in his power to * prevent * an outbreak of a war when all surrounding monarchs were gleeing at the idea to give the orders . 
  him failing is not exactly his fault . 
  wow , it seems your monarch has no security details at all . 
  which is actually good for the people around you . 
  interestingly , i do n't feel like i am partying . 
  this feels like hard work . 
  yeah , the faux nobel prize . 
  nobel still turns in his grave someone boasts about that . 
  those are two opinion pieces , not hard data . 
  the data ( four values ! ), 
  are not sourced . 
  by a guy who just got awarded a honorary doctor in portugal . 
  really ? 
   spain . 
  ( was in better economic shape than germany circa 2008 pre-crisis . ), 
  and on which measurements do you claim this to be ? 
   moreover , economic theory , and even history , suggest that austerity on a already depressed economy makes it even worse . 
  ah , keynesianism - but it 's spend in down times , repay in good times , not - as it has been done in reality spend more in bad times . 
  austerity is always good , no matter the time or location .
