  easy : outside of oil and scotch , what is your industrial output ? 
  as soon as oil runs out , we got another greece , complete with kilts and bagpipes , sheep and booze , only colder and less of a vacation spot ... 
  therefore : i do not think europe really needs an independent scotland ( though i do love the scenery and especially hiking around loch lomond ), 
  well , yes - but that 's not how the esm is supposed to operate - it is specifically designed to have no democratic oversight . 
  having to ask defeats the purpose . 
  not to mention that the bverfg alreads has ruled it unconstitutional to give fiscal responsibility to the esef - and is likely to decide similarily in case the esm is to be controlled by the ep . 
   will this referendum be binding ? 
  if the bverfg decides that the esm in it 's current form is anticonstitutional ( because it irrevocally gives away parliamentary power to an non-state entity ) , then the consensus is to create a new constitution that allows for this specific action to be taken , and that indeed is one of the cases when a referendum is necessary ( `` this grundgesetz is valid until the day a new constitution is enacted that the german people have given themselves in free decision . '' ), 
  effectively , this might become a constitutional reform ... or not : the german population likes it 's grundgesetz , and it hates the fact that they should pay for southern countries . 
  my money is on such a referendum to fail spectacularily . 
  i agree they do not trust the german population , but it is not because of 1933 - they just do n't like being reminded the steps they have taken for decades have been , are , and will be highly unpopular , and the only reason they have not been thrown out in elections was the fact all relevant parties are in one boat when it comes to the eu . 
   a referendum might be necessary if a new constitution is introduced , but i do not see this happening . 
  technically , there is only one case in which a referendum on the federal level is legally necessary and binding : when it comes to changing l\u00e4nder borders . 
  effectively , however , the grundgesetz does allow for referendums on all cases , it just is not being used : art 20 ( 2 ) codifies that the population is to be enabled to express it 's power by elections and referendums . 
  with that logic , you could have 100 % tax rate from the first euro - the state will give you welfare to live on ... after all , high taxes do not seem to hurt you more than low taxes ... 
   whats wrong with `` who has nothing to hide has nothing to fear '' ? 
  [ said best by daniel solove ] ( http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=998565 ) ... or , more mass-compatible , by [ the same author in the chronicle ] ( http://chronicle.com/article/why-privacy-matters-even-if/127461/ ) . 
   i will start protesting surveillance , when they start suppressing democracy with it . 
  only then it will be too late . 
  information once gathered will eventually be used against you , and likely is already at this moment . 
  your trust in your masters will be your fall . 
   i like society how it is now , it is much better than things used to be . 
  and thus you are trying to destroy the basis of this society ? 
   by your logic , if neo-nazis would say that they like their german bread , suddenly everyone who says they like german bread are neo-nazis ? 
  bread is apolitical . 
  wanting dissenting voices out of a geographic region is not and an anti-pluralist , anti-democratic idea . 
   this is stated even in national constitutions . 
  there are a lot of very ... colorful constitutions in this world . 
  the ones limiting civil liberties too much ( and yes , owning property is a civil liberty ) usually get thrown to the dustpile of history eventually . 
   an extremely rich person , which might even used unfair practices to abuse the market to his/her favour , wo n't take the money to his/her grave . 
  he * might * , so better take his wealth from him while he is alive to spend it in african wars ( yes , france is invested in the african military situation ) . 
  what this will lead to is * people approaching the 1 million/year treshold to suddenly get paid in luxury company cars , expensive vacations , of course all of this will be gifts , on the paper they will earn 999999,99 $ * people * over * the treshold leaving , and taking their money with them , thus hurting the french economy . 
  i am all for helping my fellow countrymen , in a reasonable manner . 
  but i do not like to be robbed ( even if i am miles away from the 1 million bucks/year mark ) . 
  50 % of all income for the state - at maximum , is reasonable . 
  having to give more means working for yourself less . 
  if you work for the state every second day of your life , that ought to be enough . 
  working three out of four days for the state - that 's excessive . 
  note that this is only about income taxes . 
  in reality , with consumption taxes , we all pay far more than 50 % of what we earn to the state ...  i 'm not sure if i understood the `` prison sentence for 9 months a year '' comment . 
  this is only effective above the 1 million euros threshold , and only for that portion . 
  so it is ok because only the rich fatcats are to be affected ? 
  all men are created equal and stuff sure flew out of the window quickly ... [ article 14 of the the european convention on human rights ] ( http://www.hri.org/docs/echr50.html#c.art14 ) specifically mentions a ban on discrimination based on property or the lack thereof ... 
   stop assuming things . 
  i 'd be happy to give up more of my privacy , as long as it helps finding out more criminals or tax evaders especially . 
  ah , the old `` who has nothing to hide has nothing to fear '' argument . 
  give up more of * your * privacy , if you want . 
  you can start by stating your income slips here ... 
  but stay the fuck away from mine . 
   you are very welcome to leave and please do so . 
  and that 's the argument often uttered by neo-nazi that sane germans hear all the time when they do not conform to their cozy little world-view . 
  no , we will not leave . 
  we will change society back to an acceptable level , and that means we want our telephones untapped , our bank accounts private and our highways without automatic license-plate photo boots . 
  orwell 's 1984 might be a masturbation-help for some of you , for most of us it is a warning . 
   i did n't write `` live '' but `` base their activities '' . 
  so not only do you want to get rid of the rich guys in france , you also want to get rid of their investment in frances economy ... that sounds like a really good idea . 
   fleeing your home state during a crisis is the most shameful and unpatriotic thing to do i am german ... patriotism has been pretty nicely eradicated within us post-45 , and that is a good thing . 
  but let 's play with the idea . 
  effectively , patriotism to us is being a rather ~ ~ fascist ~ ~ totalitarian idea . 
  this money is the result of their work , which comes down to lifetime . 
  effectively , france is planning to depriving them of the fruits of their efforts and their lifetime , to an unreasonable amount . 
  75 % tax is robbery , and effectively a prison sentence for 9 months a year . 
  there comes a time when you have to call it quits . 
  you know , once they do n't live in france anymore , france is no longer their homestate . 
  that , btw , is exactly what they are now threatening with . 
  so , in your definition , eu citizens are prisoners of their respective nation-state ? 
  because that is what it takes to keep them on your turf to pay your taxes - how well that works you can see in the gdr example . 
  privacy is only ok if it is you whose privacy is concerned ? 
  i am used to be ashamed of being a german - now , for the first time , i am ashamed to be an eu citizen . 
  time the swiss to finally annex baw\u00fc ... 
  so you advocate a war of aggression against switzerland ? 
  does n't seem to be an paneuropean mindset . 
  after the fiasko the swiss had with their bilateral treaty with germany ( which germany has attacked even before it was signed ) , i doubt they are too willing to get pressured into anything . 
  actually , i was referring to `` opt-out '' becomming a law in germany in november ... 
  who would have thought ... 
  i am sure switzerland will be thrilled to take them up - they even do speak french ... 
  ... and likely were not able to pay for them . 
   doctomoe wrote `` we have n't had a transplant scandal for decades '' and i responded . 
  actually , we do have the scandal * now * , with it 's reason happening in the last decades , 
  if this scandal has taught me anything , it is that doctors are people as well , and people do bend rules if they are motivated enough . 
  if a chefarzt gives the go , and lowly doctor m\u00fcller wants his/her promotion , i can very well see this happening . 
  yes , it might be a worst-case scenario , but worst cases do happen . 
  erm ... 
  source ? 
  as our current regensburg/g \u00f6ttingen situation has shown , * some * doctors have been more than willing to bend the rules a bit - no , not this specific rule , but once you start ... how can you make sure they do follow the braindead convention ? 
  i might one day need a transplant , yes . 
  i also might one day die of natural causes . 
  i am still not willing to sign a chance of survival away , or let the state decide to do so for me with an opt-out variant . 
  i 'm giving blood . 
  that needs to be enough . 
  as i happen to have exactly one life , yes , that 's reason enough for me to freak out . 
  the welfare of many is more important than the welfare of one , until you are the one ... 
  oh , we have n't had a transplant scandal for decades , either . 
  just because it has not been found out yet does not mean it does n't happen ... 
   this shit 's never been a problem here in france . 
  i will bookmark this and will rub it under your nose once something similar happens in france ... 
  well , technically , because we do n't want doctors to decide if our organs might be worth more in someone else when they decide to reanimate us or not . 
  are you aware of the [ peter principle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_principle ) ? 
  [ and because it is so nice , what we are about to get if we force ~ ~ village idiots ~ ~ competent politicians to speak english ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icoo7ut1p4y ), 
  well , if you say so ...
