  you 're preaching to the choir . 
  eventually , though , after round and round and round of doing this , people just accept that they either have an eternal struggle , that there will never be a final , pro-net-neutrality status quo . 
  the net is over , we will eventually loose this war . 
  give it to the regulators and see if they will become happy with it while we create the next thing that does not need them , grassroots-style like the early net was , and use it for a few decades before the leeches come moving in . 
  i 'm thinking anonymous wifi mesh networks . 
   no , that 's not patriotism well , you might want to read up on quotes in the vicinity of the [ house un-american activities comittee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_un-american_activities_committee )  and the us does n't execute people for the political ideology . 
  boy , you really live under a rock , do n't you ? 
  they executed ( most likely ) framed anarchists , libertarians who declined to accept a court 's jurisdiction , they extrajudicially kill every single day right now because people disagree with their worldview with drones , often accidentally hitting innocents under the guise of `` the war on terror '' . 
  and that 's just the pretty open stuff we know about . 
   so we 've established that a country can have the death penalty and not be a fascist country . 
  agreed ? 
  sure . 
  but how do you call a country that has abolished the death penalty and it 's new , far-right authoritarian government wants to reintroduce it after what appears to be a staged coup ? 
   you seem to be confusing patriotism with fascism . 
  so , saying that all $ ideologygroup should be executed for their political ideology is now patriotism ? 
  maybe you 're far more fascist than i first thought . 
   the us is not a fascist country . 
  not yet . 
  the us has - for a long time - shown clear aspects of a protofascist society , including but not limited to the extreme display of nationalist symbolism , even forcing children as young as five to take oaths on the flag , a hero-worshipping cult , supremacy of the military , designation of ever-switching scapegoats ( the english !, 
  indians !, 
  slave owners/abolitionists !, 
  the chinese !, 
  the japanese !, 
  communists !, 
  illegal immigrants !, 
  middle-easterners !, 
  terrorists ! ), 
  the ground is prepared - all it really takes is someone to seize power , and the us will be worse than anything we have ever had in history . 
  i honestly believe the only reason this has not happened yet is the vast availability of weaponry and thus the chance of a well-armed opposition . 
   turkey has more active personnel than france , the uk and germany combined and still , that military could n't even stage a simple coup . 
  unless you believe in a false flag operation , of course . 
  that 's easy : we 've been `` saving net neutrality in europe '' every six months for the last decade or so . 
  eventually , people just do n't care anymore . 
   europe will warm to the idea as more tragedies inevitably happen . 
  sure ... europe always oscillates between freedom and fascism . 
  right now , we seem to be on our descent to the latter ^ 1 - but there will be more enlightened times again . 
  [ 1 ] some countries on a faster pace than others, 
  actually , i was referring to / u/sulod using breivik as an example as compared to the more obvious elephant in the room ... particularily when a most likely right-wing briton talks with a german . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  extremely unlikely , but not impossible . 
  what is this ? 
  an attempt to circumvent godwin 's law ? 
   would you say the certainty of anders breivik guilt is questionable ? 
  it 's 99,99999999999997 % certain . 
  i 'm talking about the 0,00000000000003 % chance of the justice system having made an error . 
  ah , another enemy of human rights ... capital punishment is by definition a human rights violation in a system in which ultimate certainity of guilt is impossible . 
  also mention the close ties we have with turkey , both because of the refugee deal , and the fact we have a million turkish citizens living here - enough for erdogan to actually come here and speak in large convention halls when he 's on the campaign trail . 
  total fom . 
  anything else would cost europe more than it 's worth , giving the uk an unfair advantage in future trade . 
   indeed the uk has an appetite for german cars , and will no doubt continue to buy them . 
  however , trade barriers hurt germany in this arrangement : the uk will not buy as many if the price increases , it 's simple supply/demand/price interaction . 
  given that we have an underproduction right now , i do n't break much of a sweat . 
  other buyers will be happy to fill the gap you leave . 
  they just think of us as the major opponent of their economic interests , and have been since 1871 . 
  after the brexit fiasco , you should have learned there is that what politicians say , and that what they really plan to do . 
   article 2 actually , no proof is needed - and no violation of article 2 - a * clear risk * is sufficient . 
  and your track records with minorities in the last few weeks was not particularily stellar . 
   norway not letting us in the eea gives us more bargaining power with the eu . 
  so , you have less options , and somehow that makes you the stronger one in negotiations ? 
  what a wicked worldview you have . 
   we know it actually hurts the economies of the eu more so if you are actually trying to use economic warfare against us , there 's always article 7 . 
  that 's nice . 
  it would be great if there were some more routes in and out of str - right now , it sucks having to drive to four different airports depending on your destination ... 
  and that applies to * both * irish teams . 
  lovely people . 
  noone is surprised - many banks have told they 'd do exactly this . 
  and that is a problem ... why ? 
  most of the stuff i buy on german amazon is either made in china , or in germany ( because that 's where all the publishers are ) . 
  as a customer , i give a rat 's ass if there are three layers of middlemen who all want to get paid for inferior services, 
  all communes i know take voluntary donations happily . 
  just ask for their iban and send them some of your money . 
  people do not live in city centers because of small stores taking up space , but because of cultural and job opportunities - both of which are not exactly dependant to the corner bookstore in significant numbers . 
  because the state ^ tm knows how to spend your money better than you do . 
  so , how much has the paris mayor promised their tax payers to pay less if amazon pays taxes in paris ? 
  oh , a whopping * nothing * ? 
  color me surprised . 
  as a customer , i got the choice between a ) a small store which i have to drive to after work , find a parking spot , to find they do not have the item i want , but they can order it at a premium , but only begrundigly after i declined their offers for inferior , available stuff and worthless `` extra insurances '' , then drive there again four days later to retrieve it ( if it actually did arrive ) , but which pays taxes to the local overlords or b ) a website where i pay significantly less and which delivers my stuff to me the next day , but which pays taxes to another overlord somewhere else . 
  decisions , decisions ... small stores die for a reason - they 're horribly bad . 
  i will be in britain for a week in late august . 
  i probably should get that `` emergency medevac insurance '' ... just in case, 
   why have the brits voted this man in ? 
  well , the alternatives were n't too stellar , either . 
  it 's almost as if they * want * their country to be unattractive for it 's citizens . 
  and that 's why it should be common sense for a terrorist to do exactly that - kill people in emmerdale . 
  i wonder why it 's not happening . 
   carpet bomb the shit out of the peasants oh , now sweden starts to commit war crimes for volvos ? 
  sweden , differently from north korea , does not have surpression bombing capability . 
  north korea , thankfully , just does n't have the fuel . 
   north korea 's military tech is extremely outdated . 
  to use their aircraft as an example they 're still using sukhoi su-7 's which were developed in the 1950s and were phased out by almost everyone else in the 1980s and 1990s . 
  sure . 
  there * still * is strength in numbers . 
  a gripen 's chance against enough of those su-7s looks pretty grim . 
  north korea , of course , also has mig-29s and su-26s , which might also be a little dated nowadays , but are a lot more capable than what you like to claim by bringing up the su-7s . 
  and that 's just what they got in the air . 
  they also have a multitude of air defense systems , including the buk , the s-200 , and the kn-06 system ( which in itself seems to be very similar to the s-300 ) . 
  unless sweden has military capabilities and support structures that rival those of a superpower , i see no way they can actually hope to win such an engagement . 
  so , how much does this factor into the fact that every single swedish soldier - whom i have a lot of respect for - has to potentially kill 144 malnourished north koreans ? 
  are they twice , ten times , a hundred times more efficient when well-fed ? 
  and still they 'd be vastly outnumbered ...
