  let 's make it a nice , round 40 million people who actually are attributable to germany , or 30 million if you do not factor in the holocaust ( which for reasons unknown always appears in the ww2 death toll ) . 
  now , that 's surprisingly close to the [ numbers caused by us aggression * after * 1945 ] ( http://www.sott.net/article/273517-study-us-regime-has-killed-20-30-million-people-since-world-war-two ) . 
  pot , kettle ? 
   i do n't think i 've ever actually heard someone seriously accuse austria of being responsible for ww2 . 
  read more historians . 
  the european part of ww2 was possible because of nazism , which was * led * by an austrian and which only rose into power because of economic hardship caused by ww1 , which in turn was ignited by austria . 
  they just did a great trick of convincing the world that hitler was german and beethoven was austrian after post-1945 . 
  also , they were economically uninteresting for either faction of the victors . 
   and more stringent procedures will be set in the coming year i would guess that given those tests are done with fresh , new automobiles , the next round of software cheats is `` be in ( engine-wrecking ) cheat mode while the total odometer is below 10000km , then switch to `` real '' power while going easy on the engine , replace cheat software and damaged parts during the first annual service . '', 
  it 's not exactly rocket science to win against regulators . 
   it 's nice that you think vw should get a medal . 
  i like engineering ingenuity and pragmatic solutions to problems . 
  this should get a ton of upvotes - / u/brichals has some very true points . 
  you do sound surprised , but it 's rather easy racking up such a bill in a small group of four people if you go to the right places . 
  cash is freedom . 
  it works regardless of machines , electricity , or net connectivity . 
  it 's immediately understood by anyone . 
  it has no transaction fee overhead . 
   i can change channel on the tv during an ad segment for how long ? 
  50 years now ? 
  that 's why ads usually are syncronized within a minute or two over all channels . 
  german-austrian relations in the first half of the 20 ^ th century are very complex , and in a way , the austrians were responsible for both world wars . 
   it is also fun how you fail to mention that germany was occupied for so long because they proved they could not be trusted after ww1 . 
  actually , we were an interesting geopoliticial staging ground . 
  if we had been in the middle of africa , americans would have gone by 1955 . 
  see iraq . 
   that 's why most of those bases are still ours and it is our prerogative to give them up . 
  you might want to read up on the legal basis of their continued existance . 
  the us pays us good money for them being allowed to remain . 
   however , you ca n't whitewash history like you just did . 
  whitewash ? 
  germany had two wars in the 20 ^ th century - how many did the us have ? 
  i 'd say germans are the more peaceful nation ... 
  the one thing germans have learned in the last 70 years : it 's better to sell them overpriced stuff , bleed the beast slowly than risking confrontation . 
  it 's not like we have n't come frighteningly close a douzend times in the last 60 years . 
  first part we had to establish after some weird austrian guy took over , but the second part , pretty much , yes . 
   we 'll much rather have some american forces around just in case . 
  my point being that you wo n't get destroyed despite , but because of american forces . 
   ty americans , ignore western europe , they 're a bunch of pussies . 
  there 's a fine line between heroism and insanity . 
  actually wanting to be a prime target clearly is over that treshold . 
  nah , you just do n't have a very good understanding on the finer workings of the english language , it appears . 
  well , we read a lot of weird lawsuits and criminal charges happening in the states , so i would n't rule it out  did you know that it is perfectly legal to shoot whales from a moving motor vehicle in kentucky , but not land-living mammals ? 
   sure , as long as you keep your nice immigrants within your own borders . 
  german emigration is surprisingly low , and those who do emigrate seek warmer climates and better opportunity than europe can provide . 
  nah , back in the good old days , the main nuclear battleground would have been germany , with poland - for instance - having been a rather unimportant target . 
  good thing that changed , i guess . 
  but would we for them actually doing the right thing for once ? 
  sure , as long as you keep all your nice radiation within your own borders . 
   those germans must have been cia spies i guess . 
  given we have had some incidents with us intelligence agencies in the last five years or so , i would not be surprised in the slightest . 
  still , john german and peter mock from the little-known `` international council for clean transportation '' , they could n't think of less obvious names than that ? 
  i wonder how long it takes until east europeans understand that this is just their front yards being prepped for conversion into a nuclear wasteland . 
  now that i have looked up the numbers , more like 1/6th ... seems the hispanic and asian communities grew exponentially since the figures i had from the 1960s . 
   an independent university team no such thing ever being heard of before ...  found the defeat device funny , given it was not a device , but software , huh ? 
   the epa tried to work with vw actually , the epa started criminal investigations , as is their right , and vw kept silent , as is their right . 
   i 'm not aware of other companies that continued to lie like that well , microsoft comes to mind . 
  or dow chemical , for that matter . 
   vw is barely a blip on our radar do n't worry , they control more of your market than you might be aware of . 
   but you have seen all the problems in european cities ( especially milan ) this winter from particulates staying in the air at street level . 
  ah , feinstaub , mostly created by trucks and burning wood stoves . 
   i highly doubt we are engaging in any kind of protective vendetta i would argue that * because * the impact on the us market is low , but it 's a big thing for the german market , it 's a prime target for economic warriors ...  vw was advertising their cars as `` clean diesel , '' what a joke . 
  well , not * those * models , but the bluemotion ones . 
  of course , americans of all people should know by now that all advertisement , regardless of it 's origin , is essentially lies . 
   and vw has lobbied the eu to postpone stricter emissions limits in europe . 
  which is a good thing . 
  i like cars affordable and able to drive wherever i want as compared to a green mafia restructing car use in cities . 
   it 's a federal crime to tamper with emissions on your vehicle ooooohhhh , a federal *** crime *** ... so how many life sentences does the average coal roller get ? 
  vehicles get impounded and destroyed ? 
  a law that is not enforced is for all practical reasons nonexistant . 
  not that such an us federal law actually existed in any enforcable way ( the clean air act is mostly a toothless tiger ) . 
  if there was , states would n't rush to set up state laws . 
  ... all while you could buy the very same golf for 10k less in the states . 
  which is why we prefer to buy japanese . 
  so it was merely a coincidence the us found an error and attacked one of the backbones of german industry the very moment ttip was put in question ? 
  sure . 
   this is one of the most egregious acts of fraud i 've ever seen , and it 's hurting the health of people around the world . 
  and yet , [ these are street-legal in america ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=coal+rolling&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=653&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewia2etg6ejlahvd-g4khdubap0q_auibigb ) . 
  pot , kettle , anyone ? 
  only that those did n't matter much . 
  i would even argue that there was no `` illegal '' cheating involved . 
  the task was to produce at most x nox in laboratory conditions . 
  vw achieved that . 
  it 's more a `` kirk and the kobayashi maru '' scenario . 
  they should get a medal . 
  to be truly unbiased here ... america happens to be 30 % german . 
  while the tanzverbot is controversial , it is n't actually strictly enforced nor is it as harsh as that quote says - and it does have a reasonable explanation behind it . 
   yes but he was walking across a street with the walk signal and a woman did n't look and drove into him . 
  or maybe she just did n't want to loose her license ...  maybe if everyone has the insurance , they do n't care and just let the insurance pay it out , actually , those insurance companies fight teeth and foot not to pay out anything - but they do it so you do n't have to . 
  also , in the european system , in most cases the losing party has to pay both sides ' lawyers ... so it 's likely to settle out of court . 
  well , let 's wait for that fancy referendum of yours to play out before we talk about percentages , shall we ? 
  ignorance is bliss , and deporting someone does not mean they get executed . 
  also , i do n't think we have any moral obligations towards terrorists . 
  nah , the problem is forgetting where the polish-russian border is . 
  should be easier now with gps ... 
   so you are saying someone would come after you for slipping on your driveway at 6am and get money from your haftpflichtversicherung ? 
  yes . 
  you have a `` verkehrssicherungspflicht '' , you are responsible that the public walkways in front of your home are safe by municipal law . 
   i 've been told that if i do n't have that insurance and somebody jumps in front of my bike , i would have to personally pay for their stupidity nah - but the jumper is likely to be responsible for paying your damages . 
   i know a guy who got hit by a car while crossing legally at a stoplight and the woman tried to sue him for damage to her car .
