  we are in this mess because we have * not * been austere to begin with , some even less . 
  that was in 2006 . 
  not everyone works at the kempinski . 
   and actually the really hard part is making the beds , shaking duvets into covers in the air , i am sorry to hear of your friends ' problems , but actually making the beds i found rather easy and enjoyable compared to the whole other ( sometimes quite literally ) shit jobs . 
   * minimum wage is raised drastically ( for sake of explaining )  * some ( mostly inefficient ) workers get laid off  * some people enjoy the raised wage ( most likely efficient/educated workers ) mba mode : * decrease the wages of people earning just 30 % more than minimum wage to minimum wage . 
  the labor markets are full of people wanting to work , if worker drone # 4711 does n't like it , it can go . 
  * get padded on the head by the ceo, 
   where hotel room cleaners already get paid $ 1000 / month after taxes + tips ? 
  ( so basically $ 10 / hour before taxes . ), 
  excuse me while i laugh . 
  when i was a student , i worked as a hotel room cleaner . 
  it was extreme work ( ever tried carrying 60 bedsheet combinations up four levels because of lack of an evelator , and * then * work ? ), 
  i earned roughly 2,30 $ per hour . 
  still , it was better than nothing for the months i did it . 
  obviously you never had the joy of dealing with german tax laws . 
   minimum wages in denmark are negotiated between workers ' unions and employers surprise , that 's exactly how it works in germany , too . 
  my point was : if this was merely a program to rescue the wharfs , any buyer would have been good . 
  oh , which military alliance encompasses both germany and israel ? 
  i was not aware ... or is it a bilateral `` military friendship treaty '' which we could just as easily also have with any other country ? 
  if so , then the law is rather toothless , right ? 
  i 'm sure the iranians would * love * to buy a few dolphin-class submarines . 
  they 're good boats . 
  technically , the precedessor to the dolphin-class , the 1970s era gal-class submarines , were `` german '' submarines , too , financed in part by germany . 
  the idea that we only supported the israeli navy after the second gulf war is wrong . 
  influence comes with * direct , long borders to areas of the world described as `` powderkegs '' and outright war zones ( iraq , anyone ? ), 
  * human rights abuses galore * growing islamic fundamentalism in the turkish population * honour killings * the whole kurds problem * bellingerent notions towards the middle east * illegal annexiation of european neighbors ( cyprus , anyone ? ), 
  * another nonfunctional economy . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  we know what happened the last time someone fucked with icelandish fishing waters . 
  cod wars were epic . 
  these guys do n't have a military , but balls of steel as they faced the british navy . 
  give me one good reason why turkey should be part of the eu . 
  just one . 
   i wonder what changed . 
  they shut up and went , obviously not accepted here . 
  few stayed , mostly to lurk . 
  i 'd say they are about 50-50 . 
  in / r/europe , however , non-cheering for the eu automatically means the pro-eu crowd goes to a downvote rampage , while the eu-cautious just have given up a long time ago and gone to smaller subreddits centered about their home country . 
  for myself : ** contra ** . 
  the eu has prooven to be antidemocratic and is used as an excuse to circumvent our constitution . 
  i 'm not even talking about us paying for stupid stuff . 
  european coexistance can work without the eu . 
   he still could 've guarded the text better , though . 
  which would have clouded the the message . 
  grass is a nobel laureate because he knows how to drive the point home . 
   for example , putting blame explicitly on governments , not states excuse me for not remembering the escalating pro-peace demonstrations of tel aviv  and not leaving the rest of the near east uncriticised . 
  in a nuclear exchange he paints as the extremely-nonacceptable final happening , a border dispute and firework-style kazam rockets from lebanese territory are ... irrelevant . 
  actually , grass mentioned within the text the reaction it woud evoke . 
  there 's no way a german can critizise israeli politics without being called an antisemite . 
  it 's a barely habitable desert . 
  who wants to go there ? 
  so , germany has no longer a law against hehlerei ? 
  it is a very ... interesting situation if a nation can define its own actions as lawful , do n't you agree ? 
  ... within the legal framework of switzerland . 
  if you want to extend german law to foreign territories , you are acting as if saudi arabia wanted to get a database of all female drivers in germany , because driving is illegal for them in saudi arabia . 
   it 's a steuerstraftat . 
  ... only in germany . 
  when you can tell me what criminal act the nationstate of switzerland comitted against germany ... 
  industry espionage is a punishable crime both in switzerland as well as in germany . 
  tax evasion is not . 
  ( it 's only an ordnungswidrigkeit ) see the difference ? 
  i am personally ashamed to live in a country that engages in criminal acts and hostile tactics against it 's neighbors and has the audacity to criticize them if they protest . 
  i think there are times when the zentralrat should just shut up . 
  70 years after , every time they are trying to attack something holy to us for a publicity stunt will drive the population more against them . 
  and they have learned first-hand what it means having a majority against them . 
  it 's hard and morally ambivalent to demand integration by muslim immigrants , but still accept this kind of behavior from people of hebrew faith . 
  we need to be aware of what happened . 
  but we do n't need to be aware every single time someone thinks a little thing we do makes us nazi again . 
  what i was telling you is that it does n't matter where their allegiance is . 
  they become glowing french patriots the second they realize they have a german in front of them . 
  but hey , nowadays , they are our friends . 
  or that is what the media wants us to believe . 
  hm , try to go to alsace as a german . 
  they speak perfect german there , even with each other ... unless they realize you 're a kraut , then it 's dialected french all the way ... assholeism at it 's finest . 
  makes me wonder if there is a reason the four generations before me consistently fought them . 
  in germany we call this the `` normative kraft des faktischen '' : an unenforceable law gets ignored . 
  for a popular example , see the pirate bay . 
  thus , indeed , you could argue that rules or laws only are useful as long as there is a kind of bully organisation to force you to adhere to it . 
  in early history , this usually was the construct of a deity , now it 's the state . 
  on the international level , only wars and trade sanctions do really work ( and the gateway hurdle is too high to punish `` minor '' things like most genocides or violations of marine treaties for that ) . 
  i 've studied political sciences , with a specialisation in foreign and security policy . 
  our views may differ . 
  law that is not enforceable is not law . 
  might makes right every time . 
  would you go to prison voluntarily , or would the state have to force you into a cell ? 
  which work because of voluntary submission . 
  once a nation does n't subscribe to your set of norms , the military scaremongering starts , and eventually it will lead to war . 
  right . 
  this includes trade and real war . 
  which effectually comes down to anarchy on the international level . 
  which is what we have today . 
  there is no such thing as `` public international law '' . 
  laws demand for a leviathan to enforce it , and such a leviathan is absent on the international level . 
  there are bi - and multilateral treaties , which in the end are unenforcable . 
  it 's funny because this would not have been a problem if said dane had paid via sepa . 
  you are overestimating the importance of france . 
  france fails , and who pays the bills ? 
  it 's easy wanting to talk about where the ship should sail on borrowed money . 
  i think we can talk about * france * again when they get their own financial mess under control . 
  there 's a reason why they got downgraded .
