  [ it seems not only did the greeks accept a first austerity program to be ** allowed ** to join , most greeks were in favor of doing so ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/1095783.stm )  many greeks feel that germany has fired the 1st `` bullet '' in an economic war , obviously , many greeks are morons being controlled by the greek rainbow press . 
  when we wage economic war , we leave nothing behind that could complain . 
   that way , nobody in the world can claim to be our allies , thus we would n't have to produce weapons for them anymore . 
  think of the inpact on industrual production !, 
  think of the loss in jobs !, 
  we actively * want * the world to be a hard and dangerous place , we need it for the economy . 
   and needless to say , the bundeswehr needs to go too . 
  let 's see ... a neutral country in the center of a continent , defenseless . 
  how long do you think we will stay neutral before someone decides to just annex us ? 
  oh , believe me , we 've been through worse . 
  go to rwanda and tell that to the tens of millions ( over time ) of people who never got the chance to live and have a family , that the murder on their ancestors is in some way inferior to the murder of jewish ancestors . 
  go to armenia , or russia , or the united states . 
  hell , go to cambodia . 
  elevating one as the worst thing ever and completely ignoring the other is factually and morally wrong . 
   never to allow something similar to happen again anywhere in the world ... still , we fail pretty regularily in preventing genocide . 
  maybe it 's just time to grow up and accept humans are humans ' wolves . 
  ... it 's microsoft , which is an instant no-buy on the cellphone sector for me . 
  yeah , yeah , the workplace prisoner 's dilema . 
  it 's what caused our downfall . 
  now imagine if all the greeks would decide to not do unpaid overtime . 
   i work around 10-12 hours per day [ ... ] i get payed for far less . 
  here is your problem . 
  by doing unpaid overtime , you are actively destroying jobs . 
   if prosecuted , you 'd be forced to sell the house and return the money . 
  as world history shows , that 's a rare thing to happen . 
   i think we 're starting to move a little too far away from the issue ... what were we discussing again ? 
  thank god this is not usenet , 
  well , i am not exactly ... free to , am i ? 
  imagine this : you are born in a prison , and grow up there , because your mother happened to be a criminal . 
  the prison gives you food , shelter , some education , even a job . 
  are you guilty of your mother 's crime , even though the support you get is not something you can exactly choose to have or not have ? 
  it also works for pensioners , if they had the foresight . 
  employees will eventually find other ways to get paid , or we will see labor market strikes until purchasing power rises again . 
  we have done it before , we can do it again . 
  there is no collective responsibility . 
  there is shared responsibility , and giving the country and thus it 's inhabitants a responsibility means applying an 1/82 * 10 ^ 6 guilt . 
  and frankly , yes , i refuse to accept what you may think `` my share '' is . 
  well , is n't that why you invest in stuff having worth instead of paper ? 
  gold does exist , and has a incredibly stable worth for the last twenty centuries or so . 
  so i should feel some guilt for the random chance of having been born here and not in somalia . 
  excuse me , but i refuse to consider myself guilty for a eyewink of fate . 
  right . 
  i do claim no superiority because of long-dead thinkers , however . 
   this is a stigma you should carry as a german . 
  debt is not repaid yet . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  i was born 12997 days after we capitulated . 
  i was not involved in the war , or in any of our atrocities . 
  i carry no debt , and i do not feel i deserve a stigma for being born within the wrong geographic area . 
  wunderbar , two anti-deutsche bitchslapping each other . 
  let me get my popcorn . 
   but bus tickets are included in the hartziv-moneys :\\ hell , yeah , 13,88 $ / month [ 1 ] . 
  that 's one round-trip per month . 
  with potentially three arge-appointments , which might be on the other point of the landkreis , miss one , and off your monies go . 
  you * can * get the bus tickets reimbursed , but then you have to wait for a month , and effectually , they only reimburse tickets they keep ( so if you bought a cheaper return-fare ticket , you 're out of luck ) . 
  [ 1 ] based on the regelsatz of 2008 . 
  probably slightly more now . 
  `` die tafel '' works when you are in an urban area . 
  try doing this on the countryside , where the next one is 30 km away , and suddenly , getting there is more expensive ( bus fare : 7 $ / 15 km over here , one-way ) than just buying food locally . 
  heh , germany ! = the states . 
  `` making work for oneself '' means mandatory health insurance of at least 300 bucks/month , immediate vat taxes ( which have to be paid in advance , based on make-believe figures from the finanzamt ) , and still finding time to actually do work for food . 
  many try . 
  most fail within the first year , not because their business would not work , but because the red tape breaks their neck . 
  usually , they end up even deeper in debt and despair . 
   yours sounds ideal . 
  ours would be ideal if there was enough work . 
  unfortunately , there is n't . 
   do people express concern for the homeless ? 
  they are a scorned population in texas ; everyone assumes they are lazy , insane , drug addicts , or on the run from the law . 
  i feel we see them as two major groups - `` native '' homeless , which often are ( rightfully ? ), 
  considered alcoholics and hang around in front of supermarkets , and east-european ( bulgarian , romanian ) professional beggars and ( if they are kids < 14 , because then they are untouchable by the law ) pickpockets , which may or may not be actually homeless . 
  the `` local '' homeless know better than to hang around where they are visible . 
  they do get 14 $ / day from the social office ( which they have to get in person , every day ) , and just try to stay out of trouble . 
  the `` foreign '' homeless are very visible , it 's part of their modus operandi ( ca n't beg if noone sees you ) , and are usually by large parts of the population ignored and despised , mainly because they are seen as criminals . 
   does that mean that germans can end up with literally nothing , as in living on the street with just the clothes on their backs ? 
  that happens in texas . 
  there are beggars in the streets ; like in india , there are people who sleep on the streets and have nothing . 
  yes , that does happen . 
  we do have emergency shelters , especially for families , but we also have about 240000 homeless people , mostly single men . 
  families about to become homeless routinely loose the right to raise their kids , though , with the kids getting ferried to orphanages . 
  there are two schools of thought here . 
  on the one hand , yes , germany does provide housing , education , food and medical care to all people , by the means of a social program called hartz4 , which gurantees every person ~ 360 $ / month plus `` rent for an adequate flat '' . 
  what is adequate is different from town to town , and you are only eglible for hartz4 after you sold anything you owned before , even after losses , which can in certain constellations destroy your retirement funds . 
  hartz4 , however , is designed to make people work , and when there is no work , you get some kind of weird stanford prison experiment style management , with the social workers forcing people through all kinds of hoops - they do have the power to stop providing social security monies , e.g. 
  deprive people of housing and food , and that happens frequently for things like `` has not shown up at an appointment we set a day before '' , just because they can . 
  in reality , the relative wealth of the population has decreased ever since we started our austerity measures , especially the very poor ( whose social security was massively cut when we enacted hartz4 . 
  hartz4 should make us angry , very angry , but in reality the media has created an air of `` unemployed people are responsible for their own plight '' , and they have become convinient scapegoats for our society 's woes . 
  getting money from the arge ( localized structured on the county-level responsible for paying out h4 ) will make you a pariah in your community quickly . 
  hush , do n't tell reddit , lest the ones accusing us of wanting to `` punish '' the greek will crawl out of their holes . 
  yes , poverty exists in germany . 
  massively so . 
  it 's a result of our austerity efforts of the last decade , but it 's also one of the reasons we do n't need to get bail-outs . 
  i think it 's just a matter of fairness . 
  it 's too easy to spreat vitriol against people , especially when the so-called 1 % are hit . 
  but it 's not a good way to discuss things . 
  the `` diplomats do n't pay income tax '' rule did , and does make sense , considering the political ramifications . 
  even in washington , there will be some sort of excise tax . 
  technically , she does pay taxes , e.g. 
  she does not pay * income * taxes . 
  big difference .
