  this clearly is to avoid people selling drinking water for 50 bucks when normal resupply lines are down , and has nothing to do with a b2b setting . 
   https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichcodearticle.do?cidtexte=legitext000006069577&amp;idarticle=legiarti000006307749&amp;datetexte=&amp;categorielien=cid my french is a little rusty , but this law explicitly says that income and expenses caused by daughter or mother companies abroad are to be considered in-country income and expenses . 
  this clearly is not describing transactions between companies on the same level . 
  also , there 's a whole bunch of exceptions in that law in which case that rule is completely thrown out of the window . 
   http://www.senat.fr/leg/ppl12-726.html * proposition de loi * literally translates to * ( the ) proposition of a law * - this is a pipe dream by some senate guy/gal , not a law . 
   german foreign transactions tax act ( au\u00dfensteuergesetz -- astg ) section 1 tells us that we may not offer our related companies abroad any price that is significantly higher than we would pay for to a competitor . 
  now , how many companies are there in luxembourg that offer mcdonalds-related and - normed services ? 
   general tax code ( abgabenordnung -- ao ) section 90 para . 
  3 describes the duty to cooperate in order to help the tax office understand the nature of the business relationship with companies abroad  corporate income tax act ( k\u00f6rperschaftsteuergesetz -- kstg ) section 8 para . 
  has absolutely nothing to do with business transactions to companies that may or may not be related to yours and which are abroad . 
  honestly , that 's a weak attempt . 
  i am sure you can name one if they are so plentiful . 
   the bka should define which powers they need for optimal efficiency . 
  they do , all the time : they want to do * everything * . 
  de maiziere only recently talked about the `` supergrundrecht sicherheit '' , which trumps all other human rights . 
   at 8 $ -10 $ the big tasty that one 's more like 5 $ here - unless you want the meal . 
   since when it overbilling or tax evasion legal ? 
  you are living in a free , rule-of-law country . 
  your question should be : which law makes it illegal to make a bad deal with a foreign company ( = overbilling ) or using lawful measures to limit one 's tax burden ? 
  how about you give us luxembourg , and we give you the saarland ? 
  exactly . 
  how dare they not paying their fair share for massive government surveillance , wars and assorted oppression ? 
  actually , that 's one week of income * for their franchise operators * , who already tax that . 
  i would be surprised if more than 15-20 % of the money that 's taken in in the stores actually goes to mcdonalds , the franchise holder . 
  that guy gave someone the bird ... sounds like someone who would easily rob a bank ... 
  that 's the point of poe 's law : you can not distinguish real crazy from simulated crazy on the net . 
  maybe your 36 upvoters just are polish nationalist bellicists ? 
  we got some laws that specify which opinions are illegal to talk about - but they are so weakly written that pretty much anything can be made to be covered by them . 
  i think as a community , we have agreed that '' ... , but ... '' negates whatever came in front of the comma . 
  see also : `` i 'm not a racist , but ... '', 
  no , there is n't . 
  you have * freedom of opinon * ( = meinungsfreiheit ) , not * freedom of speech * ( = redefreiheit ) - you can have any opinion you like , as long as you shut up when your opinion is unpopular . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  if they got no papers , and ca n't recall where they come from , it is sensible to assume they come from the one place in africa that does not issue papers and whose ownership changes every forthnight . 
  a video of some russian warplanes over an us vessel in international waters prooves a border violation of russian helicopters in poland ... how ? 
   this is a reason to the war . 
  oh , please , be our guest . 
  on the anniversary of the warsaw uprising , it 's just the right time to go on another suicidal mission . 
  do n't expect either the eu or nato to go all * nibelungentreue * on you , though . 
  it 's also still the 100 ^ th anniversary of ww1 which ignited because of false loyality of military alliances . 
  it 's all about psychology - as long as people fear the atom , even stupid schemes like this will cause terror in their hearts . 
  i guess it 's time to thank the green movement for their fearmongering again . 
  that 's what we got riot police for . 
  rule of law and such ... 
  the beauty of somalia is that there is no central government who needs to be paid off or which needs to be threatened . 
   also , what 's their country if they do n't declare it ? 
  somalia , or any worse place to live in . 
  they will quickly remember where they 've come from when they learn where ignorance leads to . 
  actually , what is the problem you see ? 
  [ erdogan did not cut is supply lines through turkey when he could have done so , while , at the same time , starving out anti-is forces . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/18/turkey-cut-islamic-state-supply-lines-erdogan-isis ) the guy is a terrorist supporter and should be tried in front of the icj . 
   same logic how usa supported foreign islamists before ... * quod licet iovi , non licet bovi . 
  * also , smart men learn from the errors of those before them . 
  i guess erdogan just is n't very smart . 
  it is my understanding that differently from what 19 ^ th century europeans believed , harems were not actually storage areas for sex slaves , but indeed offered some freedoms that women would n't usually have in osman culture . 
   erdogan is not even close to being islamist well , he actively supported the is and tries to silence opposition abroad . 
  if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ... 
  they did n't even mention the name of that slightly successful spanish admiral . 
  my point is that saying that the reall\u00f6hne rised massively ( actually , more like a few puny percents ) in the last short timeframe is cherrypicking . 
   are germans going less on holiday now because the rest of europe had a higher increase in wages since 2000 ? 
  when prices rise and wages stagnate , a population gets poorer . 
  when prices rise and wages rise about the same , it stays about as wealthy as before . 
  when prices rise and wages rise * more * , it becomes more wealthy . 
  and a population that notices that it gets poorer and has been getting poorer in the last one to two decades is less likely to burn money on holidays . 
  ah , yes , more governmemt propaganda . 
  everything is fine , move on . 
  i am , btw , one of the more conservative people around here . 
  given that i am currently preparing for an exam on laws concerning human resources , i would be interested in which part of the urlaubsgesetz you found that ... 
  the people know they will suffer . 
  they just have to decide if they want reforms and suffering now , or later . 
  last time we decided that we wanted it now , we got the agenda 2010 and hartz 4 . 
  if we 're lucky , we 'll be dead before the demographics blow up . 
  delaying the inevitable is the smart move . 
  sure . 
  and did he win ? 
  trust me , merkel is the safest bet . 
  sch\u00e4uble is a fiscal radical with a hard-on for a police state ever since he got attacked with a knive and became disabled , von der leyel is grossly incompetent in any job she picks up , and do n't even get me started on the spd , sailiing under the false flag of social peace . 
  well , there 's a reason why a [ certain stereotype exists about us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bb9v6y0.png ), 
  i know the law . 
  like many laws , persecution depends on the absent of consent . 
  but sometimes , people consent because they prefer job security , and they accept that the necessary needs to be done . 
   could you please state your name and employer ? 
  * points to the sentence about job security above * . 
  nope . 
  i just have a marketing guy drafting contracts and requirement documents with customers for hundreds of man-days , then let 's the customer decide on the delivery date without consulting development because he does n't want to lose the customer and after the signature , it is n't his problem anymore anyways . 
  only that this academic excercise does not save you - see the case of titanic , who showed then-mp bj\u00f6rn engholm naked with an unusually large dick and claimed that that was what they would show if they wanted to produce `` real '' smut - after engholm claimed they produced smut when they showed him in a bathtub , similar to the barschel photo . 
   the right-wing strauss who had virtually no influence outside of bavaria and was the laughingstock of germany ever since the spiegel-aff\u00e4re and the f104g-disaster ... 
  ... but much like schr\u00f6der and schmidt , he had * format * , something merkel lacks . 
  i 'd rather have a criminal be chancellor than the sack of goo we have now . 
  a finer hour , from better times . 
  when men were still real men , women still were real women , and politicians had some balls . 
   then why does one in five germans not plan to holiday at all even in germany ? 
  hm , i seem to be the one in five here : i simply do n't have the chance to * take * vacations - my schedule is booked firmly by projects right now . 
  if i 'm lucky , i 'll get a week between christmas and new year 's eve . 
  and still , since 2000 , the rest of europe had wage increases of 20-40 % . 
  that 's funny , because the last time i saw kohl , he was pretty much a vegetable , barely able to distinguish what was happening around him . 
  it 's never going to see the parliament ( which , under merkel 's rule , has essentially become irrelevant anyways ), 
  i do n't follow your reasoning . 
  you 're essentially saying that everything is good because she said she 'll abolish the 103 , even though it is unlikely she actually does ? 
   ` you ca n't know ' but obviously the vast majority of them are not extremists .
