   of course they can . 
  but not with modern assault rifles and body armour . 
  ... so a subset of a population should be willing to get slaughtered by the central government when they ask for secession ? 
   furthermore they would need the support of a majority , which they may or may not have , but we really do n't know until the citizens are asked . 
  that 's what referendums are for - and the west has issues with the one on the crimea . 
  if a part of germany wants to break away , hell , let them go . 
  if they get supported by an outside power , that 's fine with me as well . 
  [ actually , i would welcome our new swiss overlords ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_switzerland ), 
  * napoleon tried fighting russia and failed . 
  * hitler tried fighting russia and failed . 
  * the us tried fighting russia , and all they got was a hyperinflated military while their society was washing down the drain ... how often do we have to repeat the same mistake ? 
  aka : the reasoning that led to ww1 . 
  strength comes from the will to make unpopular decisions . 
  right now , the rest of europe - and the us - lack that will . 
  we have seen where lack of such will does lead to . 
  * strikes lithuania , luxembourg ans sweden from the list of ` safe countries to travel through * antagonizing the bear is always a bad idea . 
  peace is promoted by letting other peoples fight for themselves and providing goods and services everyone can use - for a fee lower than the cost of invading and occupying . 
  alright ... so , where do i send my iban to ? 
  you dutchmen all owe me money ... 
  actually they wo n't , but apple/htc/samsung will just love the extra money . 
  also , you are aware that by reading this , you first ... downloaded it ? 
  ah , come on . 
  it 's hardly a surprise . 
  in fact , our comedians made jokes about mafia involvement in italian-german immigrant populations in 1995 ( see : badesalz - der giovanni . 
  i do n't think there will be a war . 
  nato is not stupid enough to risk nuclear confrontation over some clay in the ukraine . 
  russia is not stupid enough to risk nuclear confrontation over poland or the baltics . 
  russia will likely absorb some more areas in the ukraine and maybe transnistria , and that 's that . 
  you ca n't disprove a negative . 
  : proove there 's no invisible pink unicorn standing ten feet in front of you . 
  people we like fighting in another country are `` freedom fighters '' . 
  if we do n't like them , they 're `` terrorists '' again . 
   usa has 17 trillion debt and no ones bats an eye the us also controls the dollar , the de-facto world currency , and operates the biggest amount of firepower in the history of war . 
  aka . 
  `` we do n't like your views on human sexuality , so we 're going to let your kids die . '', 
  yeah , that will win their hearts and minds . 
  you depict the german workplace as somwehere where only rational beings work which will respect your boundaries and that you enforcing these boundaries will not have negative effects to your continuous employment . 
  which , frankly , is not true . 
  listen , i know it 's april fool 's day , but giving such misleading information to the uninvolved reader is just cold and wrong . 
  well , the always-existing sword of damocles called `` hartz 4 '' is a good motivator to read you remails/answer your phone anyways . 
  actually , it depends on where you work . 
  i 've got myself a 42 hour week ( it in retail ) , but 48 hours is not unheard of in retail . 
   to see germany offer the tanks and/or upgrade kits for current owners at subsidized rates to nato members . 
  they are already heavily subsidized . 
  as are any defense products we build ( hell , there are countries that get * free * submarines every few years ) . 
  less likely to do something stupid , overly militaristic . 
  the last thing we need is a competent civil leadership calling for war . 
  money is a resource . 
  lack of money will result in them not building their economy , but bring down others . 
  you are not being forced to watch ads . 
  you can shut down the viewing device . 
  you are thinking slavery is only what is usually called `` cattle slavery '' . 
  of course a romanian sex slave working in hamburg 's herbertstra\u00dfe is a slave , even though murdering her or taking her offspring and selling it would not be legal . 
   it 's popularly supported forced labour , i suppose , seeing as most finns support the continuation of conscription . 
  so were most southerners in the us , ca . 
  correction : it has never been abolished . 
  that would take a grundgesetz change . 
  it just is n't done anymore - for the moment . 
  it can be reactivated literally by a simple letter from the defense ministry . 
  merkel will do nothing like that . 
  it 's political suicide , and she likes the idea of being reelected . 
  you do n't get reelected if you act against both the people 's will * and * the will of our industry conglomerates which do have a strong interest in peaceful ties to russia after having been investing billions of euros over there . 
  the defense ministry ( = the hardth\u00f6he ) is run by a person which has not achieved * anything * in her two prior ministrial posts ( amongst other highlights , she believed putting pictures of stop signs in front of websites she does n't like would make them go away ) , she 's all talk loud and do nothing . 
  which is a good thing . 
  steinmeier is an spd minister , a party that 's known for their very pro-russian view and has been for decades . 
  hell , our former spd chancellor now works for gazprom . 
  move along , move along , nothing to see here . 
   if we just stopped giving him oil money , he 'd no money to attack anybody . 
  ... which means then he needs to attack with full force * while he still has some funds * . 
  if you want to see what happens when you cut country 's resources , look no further to what happened between japan and the us up to late 1941 . 
  quote :  the independent mps olexandr donij wrote on his facebook page , musitschko had been executed . 
  `` two vehicles cut his car off the road . 
  he was dragged out and forced into one of the vehicles . 
  then he was thrown to the ground , hands tied behind his back , then two shots to the heart , `` donij wrote without citing sources . 
  truth always is the first victim in war . 
   that masses of `` normal people '' would rise [ eat shit . 
  a billion flies ca n't be wrong . 
  neither can the masses ] ( http://rosasalarose.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/camp-of-tempelhof-1st-mai-1935.jpg ), 
   because russia would not , either , escalate to a nuclear exchange from the russian point of view , that 's a lot less sure . 
  putin needs to show he 's strong , public opinion is less important to him , and if that means losing a city or two , so be it . 
   overwhelmed by nato forces in a regular conflict there would be no regular conflict . 
  attacking an area that moscow identifies as russian is one of the triggers of ww3 , and has been since the early 1950s . 
   russia would back down rather than go to war against nato for crimea . 
  why would they if they know nato wo n't escalate to nuclear exchange ? 
  the romans did n't play nuclear poker , though . 
  obviously the ukraine is not strong enough to defend itself . 
  if you have a group of people who can and add someone who ca n't , the end result is not a stronger group . 
   russian roulette is random . 
  diplomacy is not . 
  it does require an amount of daring and guessing . 
  diplomacy is the epitome of randomness . 
  it works , or it does n't . 
  which is fine when it comes to giving french farmers a few more cents for their milk , but is n't when it comes to decide if we want firt-row seats to the nuclear holocaust . 
   which is why it 's even more important that nato do something to stop russia in its tracks . 
  that train already has left the station . 
  in the end , with moscow , it all comes down to if you want to start the bombers over an unimportant piece of clay . 
  as long as you do n't want to , nato is pretty toothless . 
   gaining a loyal ally directly next to russia , thus reinforcing the east european `` buffer zone '' . 
  unless you wish for war , there 's no reason to want to have that . 
   therefore , expanding `` western influence '' further to the east and that helps us ... how ?
