  true for any country , in one way or the other . 
   no they ca n't just threaten any country in the world with a sub . 
  `` no , gangleader can not just threaten someone by putting a gun to their head '' . 
  yeah , sure , believe what you must to sleep well at night . 
   no , as far as i know you are the only person who wants . 
  and even when we stop here , `` noone '' does n't hold water . 
  i would like to link to the other source , but fascist automod would n't let me . 
  do some google-fu yourself . 
   the vast majority of germans dont want the berlin wall backup , even communist , although a very very small minority of crazy people may want this . 
  of course , you have data to back that claim up , in addition to a medical degree to consider dissidents to your preferred opinion as psychiatrically relevant cases ? 
  obviously , they are feeling quite comfortable with the level of economy they have , given we have n't seen uprisings there ... or maybe you just overestimate the impact of a strong economy to people 's everyday lives . 
  listen to more people . 
  your statement is wrong if there is one person wanting that , and there clearly are such people . 
  with me , you found the first west german one , and i am not exactly alone . 
  so do around 20 % of east germans - hardly `` noone '' . 
  ( this originally linked to dailymail ... and the bot kicked it for reasons unknown . 
  a similar article in the [ spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/homesick-for-a-dictatorship-majority-of-eastern-germans-feel-life-better-under-communism-a-634122.html ) might suffice . 
  hell , it 's even an election promise of a certain party which actually has someone in the ep . 
   russia has only ventured past immediate borders for a short mission in syria . 
  noone likes long missions - the longer you take , the more likely you fail . 
   using your logic , portugal can threaten australia with a sub . 
  they can , until russias anti-submarine forces roll in . 
  which are a good step more capable than vice-versa . 
  maybe we 're just lost in translation . 
  `` being divided '' invokes images of a hard border within the country - which never happened to austria . 
  foreign bases are unnecessary for projecting force . 
  i stated this . 
   russian track record is on my side . 
  well , few military adventures result in clear victories . 
   and once again you say nothing that contradicts me . 
  the argument so far : `` they ca n't do x because they do n't have y '' - `` they do n't need y to be able to do x. . . ''  they have no ability to do any of that past their immediate borders . 
  syria might want to differ . 
   you ca n't create a puppet with a sub across the world . 
  the sub is just a nuke/cruise missile carrier . 
  you can install armies of puppets when you dangle destruction over their heads - willing armies if you also show them how good they will live if they follow your wishes . 
   again , russia threatening to attack random countries gets russia isolated . 
  yeah , it 's not like that actually hurt them much , did it ? 
   i 've heard austria got divided after ww2 , that does n't sound like it worked to me . 
  erm , no . 
  austria was neutral . 
   they do n't have transcontinental trade-routes passing through them . 
  ever heard of alpine passes ? 
  the tolls they take from you and everyone for crossing should be enough to finance their whole states . 
   all in all , they are more trouble than they 're worth . 
  agreed . 
  i guess it 's just healthy distrust for the banks , who robbed us trice in the 20th century , whenever there was yet another currency being phased out , and on a daily basis in-between . 
  just because russia does not follow the same `` carrier groups , air superiority , massive force '' model america does , they are n't less a threat . 
   the joke about coach is you ca n't fly forces all over the world to unwilling places . 
  you transport them to their willing ( because of spite , or because of cash ) neighbor , then use an old airbase there to reload the soldiers into more military planes - thus reducing the need of large numbers of such planes . 
   you need a navy to project . 
  you ca n't project with a sub . 
  depends . 
  to project force , all you would need to do is to park a tactical sub just short of the sea boundary ... the fact that a wrong move could wipe you out within ten minutes * is * force projection in all types but conquest itself . 
  and noone wants conquest nowadays , because that 's just opening a can of worms - better to have puppets to control . 
  and now , both sides want the wall back . 
  grass is always greener on the other side , i guess . 
  the last time russia invaded anyone was afghanistan in 1979 - fourty years ago ... 
  i think the baltics , if there is not a sizeable anti-baltic group in them , are safe . 
   earn rewards i personally think `` earning rewards '' for spending money conditions people for reckless spending . 
  inb4 `` but muh worthless bonus points '' . 
  `` if voting made any difference they would n't let us do it . '' -- mark twain, 
   tell me how russia can project globally ? 
  did you ever wonder why countries with costs usually shit their pants when russian submarines are reported nearby ? 
   will those soldiers fly coach ? 
  russia has a nice set of airlift capability , most prominently the an-124 . 
  sure , overproduction in the west make russia 's number seem small - but how many do you really need ? 
  also , [ us soldiers often fly coach ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_contract_flight ) ... 
   despite the fact that we rebuilt your entire country for you . 
  hahahahahahahaha , yeah , our photobooks are full with americans rebuilding our cities and replanting our forests ... / s you gave us a small loan - which we used to kickstart our economy . 
  and which we have paid back by 1953 . 
   russia has no ability to project globally . 
  their power past immediate borders is suspect and navy is pitiful at projecting . 
  globalsecurity and stratfor seem to think differently . 
  maybe it 's just that you got better information than they do . 
   they are not at war with taliban . 
  must have changed recently . 
   and one criminal politician fleeing to russia is not toppling a government . 
  imagine this : an angry pro-mexican mob forces it 's way into central washington politican buildings , and the democratically-elected president has to flee to canada . 
  immediately afterwards , there are elections of a doubtful nature , and out of the mobsters , they put the richest one into the oval office . 
  given your argument , that would be a-ok with you ...  immediate democracy yeah , not really democratic if half of the country refuses to participate in protest , parliamentary members of the former ruling party have a suspicious tendency to suddenly commit suicide and corruption is high , is it ? `  there were no outside governments forcing it either . 
  victoria nuland might differ . 
  her phone call in which she discussed a pro-western shadow cabinet got [ prominently leaked ... ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26079957 ), 
   the deposit fee is for the shopkeeper , not your average joe depositing money in their checking 's account . 
  i actually worked in retail it for a few years . 
  this is the first i hear of something like that , and i saw all the numbers ... including a three-day search for some problems particularily with banking fees ...  all of that costs money . 
  yes - and for all of that , the bank gets to work with your cash ...  you germans just pay a lot of fees for electronic banking huh ? 
  the only bank i know who actually dares asking for banking fees on an account with regular income is one which takes everyone , including high-risk , bad-credit customers . 
   you probably pay for using an atm that 's not of your own bank . 
  yes . 
  that 's why you use one of your own bank ( most banks have federal networks ) , and you avoid going to the atm more than once or twice a month . 
  also , atm fees is hardly something that 's only happening here ...  you probably pay for transferring or receiving money . 
  nope . 
   you probably pay loads of money for using an atm abroad ( sparkasse takes $ 7.50 within the eurozone - or at least took back in 2014 ) . 
  never heard of something like that , never had funny fees when i was in france ... but then , i got a mastercard debit for abroad ...  ou probably have paid several `` r\u00fcckbuchungsgeb\u00fchr `` s because your payments are not instantaneous , and therefore you can unknowingly make payments with money you do n't actually have . 
  i try to always have half a month 's salary in checking , so that rarely is even a threat . 
   he still got 17,277,180 which was enough to lead his country . 
  actually , it was n't - he got support for a minority cabinet by conservative parties , who thought he would n't survive half a year in office . 
   but they still fought and died in and for vietnam . 
  i doubt many non-native soldiers actually fought * for * vietnam , or korea , or iraq , or poland . 
  many understand that they fight for their country 's interests in foreign lands .
