  well , there 's a difference , and that is who is holding the chequebook . 
  frankly , hollande needs to accept elections are over and if he wants to eat at the adult 's desk , it is time to stop believing in the easter bunny and germany paying french debts . 
  there is no such thing as too severe austerity - creating jobs is the job of the economy , not the job of a government . 
   they wo n't pay it back anyway , see elections . 
  then noone of the affected , and that is most of europe , will ever make business with them again . 
  i do n't think greece is stupid enough for that . 
  the golden rule : he who has the gold , makes the rules . 
  in all fairness , but denmark is n't even in the eurozone . 
  hehehe , yes , trying to blackmail us into doing his will . 
  well , good luck with that , france . 
   regarding `` hilarious wages '' , you completely disregard the cost of life . 
  that is a basic economic mistake . 
  heh , so what are the cost of living in a second-world-country like greece ? 
  i would guess they were paid handsomely . 
   therefore you have no facts supporting the opposite oh , / r/radicalchristianity would love to have you with them with your superior argumentative skills  i never used the word `` porsche '' , so do n't try to use it to counter my point , you will fail miserably . 
  and a link to a statistical database without a hint which exact statistics you are quoting is pretty useless . 
   i prefer a german philosopher 's rule ah , hegel . 
  nice . 
  and so quotable . 
  and perfectly useless , as he tries to make absolute assumptions in a relative world , from a perspective when the main actors on the international level were nationstates , and them alone . 
  not without reason he is part of what we today call `` german idealism '' . 
   without the euro , most troubled countries could just devalue themselves from the mess they are in know . 
  and that wouldincrease borrower 's confidence ... how ? 
  what you could n't do with panzer , you do with bad loans . 
   oh , we could have done it militarily - if we kept that austrian madman in his cell . 
  but seriously , what has germany to win from a few rocks in the mediterranean ? 
  we could sell them to turkey , sure . 
  but who wants to settle there ? 
   that was a word-for-word quote . 
  the `` tough stance '' responds to the `` strict program of austerity measures '' . 
  a lie using an obmission is just that : a lie . 
  you quoted out of context . 
   unless if you also claim that imf is an evil leftist institution . 
  the imf is a pet of the united states , which happens to start the printing presses every time they can to heighten the amount of dollars around . 
  eventually , this will lead to a crash far more catastrophic than either of us can imagine right now . 
  it is not surprising the imf is against austerity . 
   for example , i wrote this above you are creating strawmen you can ignite . 
   a ) greeks are paid `` hilarious wages '' and the cost of life is easily met , getting 14 monthly wages per year is pretty hilarious , and having had wage increases of 12-15 % in the 2000s is so , too . 
   b ) populist media filled with nationalistic overtones , and politicians acting out of self-interest did n't distort any facts regarding greece , and i do n't have to proove the nonexistance of russel 's teapot . 
  it is something you claim , you proove it . 
   c ) the extreme austerity program works and is the best way towards a solution to the eurozone crisis noone knows . 
  but for the moment , we hold the money , and you may have it when you follow our wishes . 
  the golden rule : he who has the gold , makes the rules . 
   few people would deny that low value of the euro has helped german economy tremendously . 
  not my point . 
   then you 'd really got to eat a lot of feta cheese . 
  seriously , when the greek economy is crushed , what are you going to take ? 
  territory . 
  one of the many reasons keynesianism does n't work is that the simple formula `` spend in bad times , repay in good times '' has morphed to `` spend in good times , spend ** more ** in bad times '' . 
  eventually , you do have to repay . 
  the latest possible point in time is when people stop giving you money - which is where the greeks are now . 
   please do , and it will be very interesting to see how well the german industry does when there is n't any poor eurozone countries to keep the value of your currency down . 
  heh , i faintly remember we have done more than well under the dm , an extremely strong currency , and still got peoples to buy our stuff . 
   and i very much sympathize with that , but you are doing it by taking his job . 
  it 's like you are a taxi driver and the bartender takes your car and says that he will keep it until your debt is paid . 
  the bartender can sell said taxi towards the collateral - and that is what eventually will happen . 
   bofinger was [ 1 ] not an opponent of the austerity measures from the very beginning . 
  very selective quoting . 
  you need to add the rest of his comment : he is not for the austerity package because of austerity , but because giving them money would make other economies think they could rely on brussles . 
  two very different things . 
   you are grossly misinformed . 
  unfortunately , populist media poisoned many germans . 
  ah , yes , the evil media . 
  common sense dictates that when you encounter a injured person bleeding massively , the first thing you do is to stop the bleeding . 
  this is what we do with austerity : make them stop bleeding money , for the sake of us all . 
   you just started ww3 then . 
  and if i could do so , i would send the first batch of bombers , and would be proud of it . 
   here 's a better idea : lets start listening to the citizens on a european level , and improve their living conditions . 
  people can improve their own living conditions . 
  noone has to starve , if they worked in small groups on a basis of self-sufficiency . 
  asking for some state to give you money and to protect your god-given right to hilarious wages is not going to cut it in the future . 
   peter bofinger ... is one of five members of the council of economic advisors , the so-called `` wirtschaftsweise '' ( or : `` sachverst\u00e4ndigenrat zur begutachtung der gesamtwirtschaftlichen entwicklung '' ) , and has been a opponent of the austerity measures from the very beginning . 
  as a proponent of keynesianism he holds a minority position in the council . 
  his interview in a left-leaning `` alllround '' newspaper is not surprising . 
   if you listen to the rhetoric used in germany , it sounds very much like the lazy and irresponsible greeks must be punished . 
  not punished , just getting returned to a substainable way to run their lives . 
   it has been known for seventy years that austerity in a slump does n't work . 
  ah , the old argument again , [ hayek vs. keynes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0nertfo-sk ) . 
  i claim that keynes does not work simply because we no longer live in nation-state economies , our system is too complex . 
  on the other hand , you can not keep spending when money runs out . 
  which one of the theories is correct never has been determined , both of them got the faux nobel prize . 
   and it created a huge market for german goods . 
  yeah , because it made every greek buy a submarine from us , the richer ones two or three . 
  stop making things up , and stop repeating propaganda . 
  we got our economy in order because we had innovated and because we tried to keep our money together instead of waging a quasi war against the turkish . 
   so why not return the favor ? 
  let european central bank allow for a higher inflation to make it easier for real wages in greeks to go down . 
  may i point out that germany has quite enough experience with unsubstainable inflation , thank you very much ? 
  actually , we would rather get out of the euro project than accept an inflation  5 % . 
   let germans increase their consumption so that someone can buy greeks goods ( ok , you just have to start to really like feta cheese ) the feta i got in my fridge is from the netherlands . 
   it impossible to repeat that feat in the current economy , where everyone in europe have decided that they need austerity and the central bank keeps the inflation low . 
  we are not trying to save our economy - we are trying not to pay for other people 's debts . 
  imagine you get to your pub every night , and every night you claim you will pay the day after . 
  the bartender is a friend and accepts that , until one day , you claim you want your bill erased . 
  oh , and could he put that drink on the new bill ? 
  that 's the situation between greece and germany at the moment . 
  at some point , you just give up on a toxic customer . 
  being an asshole has very little to do with being superior or inferior . 
  it is just a designation for people with a defective moral compass . 
   regarding golden dawn 's election result , prevention and correction requires analysis as a country who has gone this way , i advocate for war against any country electing a fascist party into a position of power on the national level , and a few decades of foreign occupation just to make sure they never try that again .
