  it once had lyrics to it 's hymn referring the `` german rhine '' , so the association is clearly there . 
  a language really is just a dialect with an army . 
  most germans i know understand allemanic dialects just fine . 
  i wonder if this thread will become long enough to span the country of liechtenstein from north to south when printed out . 
  as if we did not learn that annexing land east of berlin usually ends in economical desaster already . 
  have you been visiting east poland lately ? 
  i think we should just hand it to the russians when the time comes . 
  oh , trust me , anything to ruffle the english feathers as of now . 
  also , scotland is great for tourism , and they make some wicked scotch . 
  even their cuisine - while it takes some getting used to - is great . 
  tourism , food and alcohol - the three elements it takes to become popular with germans . 
  i disagree . 
  so much wasted space , so little efficiency , so unpleaseant to read in . 
  to serve as a battleground for the british and the germans to take their differences out on ? 
  it 's on spotify and google music , and most of it is on youtube in one version or the other . 
  less legal options might exist . 
  discussing this with you is going to be fruitless , because you either lack necessary control of the english language , or are discussing maliciously ( both evidenced by your unwillingnes to understand what `` effort '' means ) . 
  one last thought , though - if we wanted those refugees to bolster up our slaveworker 's class - why would we want the east to take them ? 
  you understand that refugee housing and language courses do not grow on trees , do n't you ? 
  give it a try . 
  it 's catchy . 
  wonderful . 
  a common system means less bureaucratic overhang , means lower taxes for everyone . 
  just kidding . 
  let 's make this more expensive for everyone instead . 
  well , you got my vote if you do . 
  get a rap-battle-musical glorifying our death caused by not following through with our basic convictions ? 
  so you say we should take all the effort , but have little to no influence , even after today , we are being underrepresented in the ep ? 
  yeah , i can see that going to go well over here . 
  the name gives a hint at it 's taste . 
  `` gammeln '' is `` to bum around / to decay '' in german . 
  i think it should just be put in a museum . 
  obviously , people are too stupid for art in public places . 
   and where will that take us to [ where it has taken us before , of course . 
  obviously russia . 
  if you can not defend territory , it 's not your territory . 
  propaganda 101 : `` you just need to repeat a lie often enough and eventually people will start believing it '' . 
   since there is an observable gap between men and women working the same job you do n't get paid for the job title , but for experience and what you can negotiate . 
  if you just roll over and take the first offer , then you get paid less . 
  actually , it 's punishable in germany as well to systematically pay women less than men . 
  but of course , we all know that a `` gender pay gap '' does n't actually exist unless you compare female cleaning personell to male engineers . 
  that still could be true , you know ? 
  clocking in at 8:00 , then doing nothing until you clock out at 20:00 is still zero hours actually worked . 
  in public service , it is . 
  * flashback * i needed a new passport . 
  city hall in small town only has open on tuesdays and wednesdays from 14:00 to 16:00 . 
  i take some overtime off and arrive at 15:30 and get a very cranky public official which wants to throw me out because he has to clean his desk so he can go home at exactly 16:00 sharp . 
  the best kind of efficiency . 
  sounds a lot like southern bavaria . 
  * flashback * me as a student in the early 2000s in munich lecture is on the other side of the englischer garten , a large park in the middle of the city . 
  it 's summer , 32 degrees outside ( and most likely 40 degrees inside the lecture hall with lots of sweaty people ) . 
  i come across a beer garden ( `` chinesischer turm '' , for those who know the area ) . 
  i decide to truance on the lecture and have a beer instead . 
  after all , all can be learned through the literature anyways . 
  buy a beer , sit down , have a good time . 
  notice someone . 
  `` herr professor , should n't you be in lecture right now ? '', 
  `` sure thing . 
  should n't you as well , / u/doctomoe ? '', 
  ( it was a small institute , we knew each other . ), 
  `` i wo n't tell if you wo n't tell . '', 
  and thus , we had our beers , were merry and did not attend lecture . 
  poor sobs who were in the lecture hall probably got the idea after half an hour as well . 
  you need to take into account some people bring their own beer and are n't counted . 
  it 's both about beer * and * environmental friendly . 
   a ) produce european content or that would imply netflix is able to find quality producers , actors and stories in europe . 
  if that was so easy and cheap , they would have done by now . 
   b ) offset all american stuff they want to put on their service by buying up shitloads of super-cheap european shows that have already been produced for tv . 
  which is expensive and lowers overall quality across the service , which means losing customers . 
  without wanting to sound revisionist ... it 's hard to win if just when everyone is overextended and exhausted , a new challenger shows up . 
  i said `` enemy '' , not `` threat '' . 
  common enemy in the balkans . 
  next thing you tell me is there would have been an afghanistan war without 9/11 , or that kennedy would have died of heart attack in november 1963 if he had not been shot . 
  singular events do shape history . 
   a film about the relationship of us wild turkeys with grasshoppers would be of little interest to most americans . 
  and yet , most west-coast movies easily translate to east-coast audiences well . 
   it is . 
  dubs are mostly shitty and detract from the experience imho . 
  i stopped watching dubs long ago and most cinemas around me offer vost for everything except cartoons where dubs are less of an issue . 
  i agree - but for the vast majority of customers , dubs are virtually essential . 
   and chan is a hk actor whose later work since sucking up to the ccp is not up to his former self . 
  hm , i think `` railroad tigers '' is brilliant and easily comparable to , let 's say , `` operation eagle '' , but to each their own . 
   they 're not , they 're forcing the vod providers to offer choice . 
  ... thus taking away choice of other options from viewers . 
   i watched nearly half of the films on this imdb list and was n't disappointed . 
  two , maybe three good movies in that list , tons and tons of historical drama , nothing very innovative . 
  also notice how they each are at least ten years old . 
   who 's to say tha with more funds and more exposure the market would n't develop and adapt to more international ( other eu member states and further away ) audiences ? 
  and why exactly should i as a viewer be forced to finance this against my will ... again ? 
  without military pacts , there would have been no automatism in october/november of 1914 , and while we may have had wars , these would have been a lot smaller , and likely a lot more local . 
  and because things would not have gotten out of hand so much , there would have been no reason for a forced peace , less 1920s poverty and thus no hitler . 
  i think we can all agree that might have been a good outcome . 
   have people forgotten history so quickly ? 
  oh , germans remember ww1 pretty well , where overwhelming loyalty to military pacts led to what essentially is thirty-one years of war and conflict . 
  thank you very much . 
  pre-ww1 germany was also arguabely the most potent military superpower in europe at the time . 
  germans would roll over , because we know that we have the chance of a snowball in hell against russia - unless we never stopped that secret nuclear program of ours . 
   ou think that if the first 100-1000 german soldiers die at the east front , the average german sits and say , ah nothing to worry about lets chill ? 
  the average german would suggest sending the bundestag/regierung that send them there as reinforcements . 
  i wonder if that is related to how often we get compared with nazis from russia 's neighbors .
