  if we talk the past , then we talk about the past . 
  but prussian virtues ^ tm sure are deeply ingrained in the w\u00fcrttembergian mindset even today . 
  the kehrwoche - just to pick an obvious example - is almost enforced with militant force , austerity is almost proverbial with the swabians ( remember ? 
  our variant of the scotsmen ? 
  ) , and may the gods be merciful once a bus runs late ... 
  there 's more prussia in baw\u00fc than you think . 
   in which context ? 
  european integration/cultural genocide , depending on which side of the fence you stand . 
   we 're not going to vote on which music europeans have to listen to , what the appropriate time for dinner is , or whether or not one or another thing should be customary . 
  you are , of course , correct , but with time , such things will be forced upon the local populations . 
  we have had supernational constructs become nationstates in the past , which * always * meant some people doing some oppressing , weeding out some languages or customs , and some people getting oppressed . 
  there is literally no precedent of an integration process ever having been done without the use of force and/or violence . 
  why should we believe this time it will be different ? 
  jokes on you , i happen be in baw\u00fc , never have been prussian ... and the fact that the kingdom of w\u00fcrttemberg was structurally carbon-copied from the kingdom of prussia is easily prooveable . 
  in this specific context . 
  also , your mileage may vary . 
  so , other than pissing off the poles because they would n't get permanent unlimited transfer money from germany , why was it an error ? 
  if i mow my lawn myself instead of asking and paying my neighbours son to do it for me for pocket money , does that in some way render me a bad person ? 
  hm , we do have subscription-based internet newssources as well . 
  i do not see this being vastly successful . 
  maybe it 's a mental thing . 
  and frankly , as a westerner , should they ask for volunteers to rebuild that wall , i would get into the car and buy an extra-large supply of concrete . 
  i did not want to bring that example up , but there you can see what it means to unite economically massively different countries : political extremism , unemployment rates that are not substainable , and having to pay for decades . 
  germany is the only european country who has experienced this directly . 
  getting into a political union with a third-world country is not something a first-world-country can survive well . 
  oh , rallying around the flag against a common enemy ? 
  is it already pogrom time ? 
   i do n't think anyone worth listening to seriously still blames the german people for the actions of a brutal military dictatorship eighty years ago which did n't represent the people then and certainly does n't now . 
  then you are a better ( wo - ) man than most . 
   the initial investment might be painful but it is for the best . 
  that 's what they told us when we were forced to give up the dm , and look where it has led us . 
  a common standard on mostly-similar education is part of a culture as well . 
  so are equal opportunities without sociological or political boundaries . 
  an unequal population can never be united . 
  yep , once again . 
  it 's only a matter of time until that flares up again . 
  heh , funny , but we have n't gassed anyone in the last sixty years or so either . 
  just because you recently stopped being an asshole does not mean the world stops remembering . 
  especially by money . 
   austerity is good when there is waste . 
  austerity fails when it stops investments . 
  i agree ... yet the cases i see in the eu , especially the southern eu today are problems created by massive and organized waste . 
  investments that should ignore austerity rules are only legitimate if the wealth created is larger than the wealth destroyed by debt over the lifetime of the product - and of course only when the debt actually is paid . 
  if that is not given , it is better to starve a country than to let it continue to hurt itself . 
  same difference . 
  everyone got occupied now and then , and everone occuppied someone else . 
  what matters is that these states were heavily influenced by their occupation force . 
  as you obviously do have a computer , you are required to pay fees right now . 
  nationalism works when you have an in-group and an out-group , the in-group being your nation . 
  it 's a major psychological thing , and has worked for centuries ( but only became fancy within the last 170 years or so ), 
  sure , if nrw , swh , hessen and the better part of baw\u00fc follow ( all of which either have been either prussian or heavily influenced ) . 
  let 's see how far the rest comes once it 's all prosit and gem\u00fctlichkeit , 
  values can not be created by commitee , or philosophers . 
  it is something that grows - and frankly , many people will not subscribe to half of that list . 
  in fact , yes , it is a value , or derived from ( and i am aware the bavarians will not like it ) the [ prussian values ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_virtues ), 
  in germany , we call it `` deutschenfeindlichkeit '' =  racism of foreigners against the local german population , in contrast to `` fremdenfeindlichkeit '' =  racism against foreigners . 
  point is : there is no such thing as common values in the european union . 
  you are aware that culture is more than popculture ? 
  it is manners , it is what is deemed acceptable and what is not ( smoking in public ? 
  in the presence of small children ? 
  ) , customs and a myriad more things . 
  for instance : while the pussy riot case is thought of an attack on free speech and the sentence is considered unnecessarily harsh , most russians do n't even see the problem . 
  that 's culture . 
  it should ... but first , we need to agree on some . 
  for example : austerity . 
  see the problem ? 
   if you steal parking sports this is probably the most german fear of all . 
   lie to a judge the fact that he lied has not been determined by the court . 
  it is very possible that in fact this guy has an income of zero , his `` expeditures '' financed by his gmbh . 
   human dignity is n't about money , you know . 
  rightfully so . 
  so why then use `` rich '' as if it was an insult ? 
  i like to believe so every single time i hear about the banlieus . 
   there are a lot of differences between transylvanian romanians and regat romanians [ 1 ] too . 
  germany also has a lot of internal variability , as per the weisswurstequator . 
  and yet , romanians speak the same language , so do germans . 
  germans agree on more things than they disagree on , and i suppose it 's the same thing for romanians . 
   switzerland is also mutietnic . 
  common values  spain too . 
  [ ... and has widespread seperationist terrorism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eta )  the uk is multinational/multiethnic . 
  after centuries of war , peoples subduing each other and enforcing a common culture , after genocide and [ ethnic cleansing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highland_clearances ) . 
  what a victory . 
  a victory fragile and attacked by decades of domnestic terrorism and strong seperationist movements . 
   of course there is much to say about how french was imposed by force to supplant other languages , which i 'm not advocating . 
  i have written somewhere else that once you enforce a common language , cultural peticularities will be destroyed , which leads to everyone 's culture getting poorer . 
  not without reason , enforcing a certain language is often considered cultural genocide . 
  on the other hand , there is no other way . 
  now ... do we sacrifice our culture for a fake unity ? 
  fringe case , welded together by the same values . 
  it 's easy to blame that on nationalism . 
  the fact is that the average german has virtually nothing in common with the average romanian or the average portugese . 
  not in values , not in wealth , not in culture or language or anything other . 
  we do not hear the same music , or eat the same food , or even have similar political opinions , neither domnestically nor internationally . 
  why anyone thinks this is an ideal situation for having an european federation is beyond me . 
  differently from americans , europeans had the chance to witness first-hand what happens to multiethnic countries [ again ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria-hungary ) and [ again ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_german_empire ) and [ again ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ) . 
  a man that wealthy will just lawyer up and have this fine be thrown out in the next court - and rightfully so . 
  insults fly high in christmas shopping , this is not something that should be punishable in the first place, 
  because once you got some money , you automatically loose any human dignity . 
  it 's in article 1 of the grundgesetz ... 
  wait , it 's not ...
