  so the rule that the average joe is responsible for the government 's action is for germans only ? 
  why have a democracy at all then ? 
  and how comes you do n't yet have extermination camps in portugal if you can get away with it ( oh come on , i am sure you have a pesky little minority the portugese would just love to get rid off ) ? 
   historically accurate , but are we extracting the right lessons from those events ? 
  well , time will tell . 
  the south just has stopped spending like a drunk sailor . 
  let 's see where this austerity course will lead us - what germany did back then was starting the printing presses and creating more money , leading to hyperinflation - we will never allow that again . 
  let 's try a different approach and just do n't spend money that would need to be created , shall we ? 
   ... sure and leave the rest of the economy slush down the gutter . 
  we 're an island state of some 450k souls !, 
  do having two or three guys check asylum seekers back story will crush your economy ? 
  things are worse than i expected . 
   come and see it if you want ... well , it 's been sixty years , rebuild already . 
   it 's a matter of degree . 
  you 're asking for trouble with the rest of the eu ... the question is if you want to pay the price . 
  you do not corner a pack of wolfes if you do n't want a few brand-new bomb-craters to think about . 
   these where duly tortured and some of them died . 
  obviously , maltese asylum check processes do n't work too well ... 
  in the spirit of humanitarism , you should work on that . 
   really ? 
  come and see the bomb damage if you want ... what bomb damage ? 
  we have n't bombed anything within the eu for at least sixty years . 
  we rebuilt , so should you have . 
   you 've been trounced twice and hemmed in for good before ... let 's see you trade with no borders outside europe ... you would be surprised how easily that is done ... unless you decide to blockade us . 
  but that would just be asking for trouble . 
  so , send them back . 
  malta does have an airport , and they do have military transport planes . 
  actually , we gave you one world war , the other was an accident in which everyone involved majorly fucked up . 
  blaming us for ww1 , by the way , was one of the causes for ww2 ... we are not into business of ruining the mediterraneans . 
  we just refuse to let them ruin us . 
  unfortunately for them , we have the economic and political will and power to refuse . 
  you know the golden rule , right : he who has the gold , makes the rules . 
  oh , there is a crisis ... 
  but getting all fired up because of two suicides is hilariously ridiculous considering we have two every month related to evictions ... that , and eviction-related homicide ( attempts ) . 
  putting your finger on to dead bodies only show you have no idea what a crisis can look like . 
  so , does malta not have asylum rights , or are you just bad at managing your influx ? 
  portuguese could , you know , set up a new , non-crooked party . 
  your other points are ludicrous at best . 
  what you are saying is that there is no one responsible , neither for economic nor political decisions that obviously were bad ... and sorry , the world just does n't run like that . 
  as a german , that 's the first thing you learn the moment you start getting educated about your country 's history . 
  by the way , nazism and its case , massive economic downturn , did not come from extreme austerity , but from spending like a drunk sailor before that - world war i was way too expensive , in fact , reparations demanded from us was not nearly half of the cost we had to pay . 
  heh , i wish him good luck with that . 
  i hope trafficker joe is a pacifist , or this might mean a few broken legs once this person ca n't cough up the cash . 
  especially as a german , whom everyone as his grandmother always tells we were responsible because we voted in favor of a certain someone , i accept the full responsibility of the common man for the results of a vote . 
  i would argue that the hrm was not a supranational entity even remotely comparable to the eu , ~ ~ the seven united netherlands were in fact ruled by regal families which controlled two or more substates , adding a layer of additional stability - and even then it only lasted for about 200 years ~ ~ , and the first persian empire was exactly that - an empire , not a supranational entity . 
  also : the empire 's vast size and its extraordinary ethnocultural diversity are traditionally thought to have been its undoing . 
  ( wikipedia ) i might only be an armchair 's historian , but i still do n't think these three are even loosely comparable to the eu . 
  ** edit ** : dutch history is hard ... reorganisations over reorganisations over reorganisations . 
  it might be cheaper , yes ... but businesses are not entities of themselves , but run by the evil patriarchy , remember ? 
  they do n't act perfectly logically , and paying the cleaning lady 1000 instead of 500 euros per month so she sits on the board and listens to the company-provided ipod is exactly what the old white men would do to protect their influence . 
  the expenses are little . 
  / sarcasm actually , that 's exactly the strategy outlined by major german companies when the german family ministry tried forcing the idea down our throats . 
  you are , of course , right on the math ... 
  though even if it is added cost , it 's no biggie , we will just make the customers = the average joe pay a little more from now on . 
  after all , it 's all for equality . 
  ... where he will be swiftly pardonned , probably the second he touches down . 
  wait , it gets even better . 
  it happens to be that fat , old , unfit man actually occassionally are employed as porn actory , in speciality flicks ( yes , there is a wide array of tastes ) , mostly choosen for their qualifications and business needs . 
  just like sometimes , there are female members of company boards for their qualifications and business needs ... 
  there is a heavy structural and societal bias against employing fat old unfit men in porn . 
  same thing . 
  quick : give me the longest-existing supranational body with competencies like the eu ... and it 's age . 
  the eu already is beyond the median age for such organisations , with every day , statistically it 's continued existance becomes more unlikely . 
  * the us survived for 11 years as a supranational body ( 1776 to 1787 ) , then became a federal state . 
  * serbia and montenegro survived for 11 years as a supranational body ( 1992 - 2003 ) , then broke up . 
  * the deutscher bund survived for 51 years ( 1815 to 1866 ) , then broke up . 
  * the old swiss confederacy survived for rougly 500 years ( 1300s to 1798 ) , then broke down under military conquest . 
  * the united arabian states survived for three years ( 1958 to 1961 ) , then broke up . 
  so , it seems not only do they all end eventually , they usually end after less than 70 years , and most of them do break up violently ( or they become a federal state ) . 
  the eu is nearing it 's best-before date . 
   no , what i meant is that there is a great demand on behalf of women there 's a great demand on behalf of me to work in porn ... unfortunately , as a 30-something overweight software developer , it just is n't happening . 
  i am for a `` fat , old , unfit male porn actor 's '' quota , enforced by the eu commission . 
  do you see the problem ? 
  which coincidentally are the same politicians who still believe the european union will survive . 
  which , as any historian will tell you from the perspective of history , or any economic scholar , is a fool 's creed . 
  as long as we have national borders , asylum is a national business . 
  i do n't even know it greece * has * asylum rights . 
  we have a process for asylum seekers , they have to proove they have come directly to our shores ( = by plane ) , and they have to proove their lives are in danger in egypt . 
  both will be rather difficult . 
  we also have a process for immigrants : their work skills need to be in demand here . 
  most egypts probably wo n't stand a chance ... 
  while this clearly is bad sportsmanship by the local muslims , i wonder if - had the roles be reversed , any journalist would have shown up at all . 
  [ ] ( / blunateehee ) i remember when my country 's train engineers striked a few years ago ( wanting a 40 % rise ) ... 
  i drove 900 km every two weeks , i had the silver bahn.comfort card , because i sunk a shitload of money into the db . 
  they choose to strike every time i had to go on the trip . 
  i bought a car . 
  not only it is cheaper , it 's quicker , has less drunk people in it , runs on time ... and the engineer is unlikely to strike . 
  the strike cost them a customer who put several thousand euros into their paychecks every year . 
  strikes are always hurting the employee and the customer more than the employer, 
   people committing suicide because they 're gon na get kicked out of their houses while the government is paying for bank owners several million salaries is the first thing that comes to mind . 
  people have committed suicide because of individual economic hardship for decades , it is just no journalist gave a fuck about them . 
  things are just as bad as they have always been . 
  great , so we will create 40 % more board seats we fill with quota women who will be bought to just shut up . 
  estimated cost : little . 
  does anyone see a good reason to abandon the principle of meritocracy ? 
   caused by your common joe but by years of corrupt and ineffective government . 
  so ... what caused the corrupt and ineffective government ? 
  oh , the common joe ? 
  portugal is a democracy - and the facts were on the table for a long , long time . 
  seriously ... it 's hard enough to stomach to pay for greece , but now we 're getting ridiculous .
