   and never going away until they commit suicide , die , or transition and become cured . 
  this , for instance , is wrong . 
  plain and simple . 
   telling someone who is potentially suicidal that they are not allowed to seek an available effective cure simply because you do n't like the idea ... 1 . 
  the idea behind suicide watch is preventing suicide , not making the world a happy place . 
  suicide watch does n't solve problems , it only gives you enough time to solve them for yourself . 
  someone who is about to commit suicide because of debt problems does n't get his debt annulled by suicide watch either . 
  the patient is allowed to seek any cure that is effective once she or he is of age to become an adult . 
  want to become an airline pilot to not be depressed : try it . 
  want to transition into another sex phenotype : sure , if you want , and if you can afford it ( i hear it 's rather expensive ) . 
  preventing a kid from potentially ruining the rest of its live is despicable ? 
  do you allow your kid to play with explosives ? 
   thank god you will never be in charge of anything . 
  who knows ( though i will not be a medical doctor ) . 
  but i 'm grateful that neither will you . 
   there would be no point in putting the kid in the psychiatric ward if they would just listen to her . 
  ... thus opening the interesting option to just threaten with suicide whenever something does n't go after someone 's will . 
  brave new world . 
   `` if all else fails , there is a real and present possibility that pressure from her father , supported by the youth welfare office in berlin , means that alex will shortly be confined in a closed ward of a psychiatric institution to ensure that `` he '' returns to `` normality '' ''   because she is only going there for depression and suicidal thoughts ? 
  that 's a quote from the pinknews.co.uk website , which either has a bad grasp at german , or has manipulated the original text to make the situation seem more dramatic . 
  translation : `` the kid is in danger of committing suicide and has to be put into the closed part of a psychiatric ward '' . 
  the following paragraph does speak of gender-related therapy , but that are the wishes of the jugendamt , which obviously has no idea what psychiatrists do . 
  we are n't living in the 1950s anymore ...  '' ( ... ) setzte das jugendamt die zwangseinweisung vor dem amtsgericht durch '' the jugendamt has won a forced institutionalisation by the local court . '', 
  `` zwangseinweisung '' , `` forced institutionalisation '' is a juristic term solely used for suicidal patients , manic-depressive persons and persons with schizoid disorders . 
  there are technically three ways to get one : 1 . 
  the so-called `` f\u00fcrsorgliche unterbringung nach dem bgb '' , which is a civil-law based method , and which probably does not apply here because one side of the conflict is a public office . 
  this method is designed to protect elderly family members from themselves . 
  the `` unterbringung nach den landesgesetzen \u00fcber die unterbringung psychisch kranker personen '' , which probably * does * apply here , because the public office , the jugendamt , has reason to believe that alex is a danger to him/herself . 
  theoretically you have to ask a court first , but usually patients are caught first , because of imminent danger ( if someone stands on a rooftop , you do n't ask a judge first of you may put him into psychiatry ) . 
  obviously the jugendamt tries to play nice by not having done that , mostly because their prime directive is being as little invasive to family structures as possible . 
  the `` unterbringung im rahmen eines strafverfahrens '' for the criminally insane , think joker . 
  does n't apply here . 
  note how neither of these things even remotely is relevant to gid treatment . 
   i dunno , there 's a lot of people that are n't gon na really want to put up with a crooked mouth just to appease their dna 's will . 
  false analogy . 
  i 'm no dentist , but the removal of wisdom teeth is a surgery , and any reliable doctor only does this in case of medical problems . 
  a `` crooked mouth '' is n't . 
  yes , i am aware that perfect teeth are a high good in the states , over here , we are a little more careful with manipulating the teeth for purely cosmetic reasons , as that leads to damage being done to a system that becomes increasingly unstable from age 40 onwards , even with perfect care . 
   and for a trans male , letting `` puberty take it 's course '' can lead to lasting medical problems such as stunted growth , lots of people are small . 
  nobody is entitled to a supermodel 's body . 
   ovarian cancer ... which is well-researched and can be treated surgically , thus solving the problem . 
  in my understanding the ovaries are irrelevant for trans males in any case . 
   and deep depression . 
  true . 
  people get depressed for all kind of things , and sometimes for no reason at all . 
  the argument `` let 's manipulate a person 's life as it is his/her suspected will and his mother 's ( who has been described individually as being manipulative ) because she/he might be suffering from depression later-on '' is rather weak . 
   there are still practical reasons to want to transition early as well . 
  people of both genders and sexualities usually get cranky and have depressive episodes in their teenage and later years because of naturally-developing hormones . 
  these hormones are responsible for the reason that suicide is the # 1 reason of death for that age group . 
  better snip off all kids ' hormonal glands and genitals , just to be sure . 
  there 's a practical reason to do so . 
  again , that is not the function of the psychiatric ward the kid will be put into . 
  you can imagine anything you want . 
  wisdom teeth can lead to lasting medical problems and are thus to be removed if necessary . 
  that 's a nice strawman you built here , mrs. red . 
   and you seem to rather treat the symptom ... 
  the function of suicide watch is to prevent people from commiting suicide . 
  nothing else . 
  psychopharmaka have prooven to work to prevent suicides . 
  cost-effective solution to a problem that is much more pressing than the gender issues . 
   that 's well and good , but the downside of the person not being trans and taking testosterone blockers is much less than the downside of the person being trans and not getting on them . 
  with that argument , you could theoretically drug any kid who shows interest in toys or roles that are not deemed gender-appropriate . 
  actually , that 's a rather scary thought . 
   there is no going back if puberty is n't caught soon enough . 
  of course there is , and that has been prooven again and again . 
   treat that and you treat the depression . 
  i certainly do n't want to be the doctor who decides someone should have sex-changing/sex-inhibiting procedures at age 11 if i can simply pop him or her a few tofranil . 
   yes , so they can treat her for her obvious signs of gender dysphoria actually , no . 
  just for suicide prevention . 
   the trauma inflicted by her father for forcing her to behave according to the gender he has assigned her to be . 
  erm , getting called `` bad-behaved '' for not wanting to wear a soccer shirt is not exactly what causes a trauma in a normal person . 
   by your logic , the fact that alan turing committed suicide was a clear sign that he was insane and greater measures should have been employed to force him to pretend to be a heterosexual . 
  was alan turing in psychological distress and thus an ill person ? 
  yes , he was , otherwise he would not have commited suicide . 
  where you are getting the idea that i am homophobic from ? 
   the cause of the distress this girl is experiencing ... is completely irrelevant for suicide watch . 
   you are entirely ignoring the individual herself and the clear evidence of a fitting diagnosis , based purely on your own personal prejudices . 
  well , you claim that both the jugendamt , as well as the doctors , as well as the kids father , all are the evil guys and that alex lives with a loving , non-manipulative mother ? 
   if they do go into therapy for suicidal-depressive tendencies the point is : in germany , you do not get the choice * not * to get into therapy . 
  once a doctor decides you are a danger to yourself , you immediately lose that right , and you are brought to the psychiatric ward . 
  doctors are legally punishable if they even hear someone talking about suicide and not getting him or her to the hospital . 
  it 's landesrecht , and i 'd have to look up the local berlin law about this , but it is there . 
   and the therpist or psychologist comes to the conclusion they are suffering from gid if there is this diagnosis beyond any reasonable doubt from the majority of independently-working therapists , not only would i advice not only to delay puberty , but to make sure alex grows up in her prefered gender phenotyp to begin with , which in this case probably means going all the ( hormonal , non-surgical ) way immediately . 
  in that case , the risk/treat assessment looks a lot different . 
   the child identifies as female , lives as a female ... easily attributable to suggestive parenting ...  is registered at her school as a female ... with the help of her mother , most likely ... 
  it 's not as if she had the option to do that herself . 
   is recognized by her classmates as a female long hair ? 
  pink clothes ? 
  hangs around girls ? 
  female !, 
   expresses great distress when forced to wear male clothing you get that bit of information from where ? 
  if you put someone who habitually dresses in skirts into a tight , nonfitting jeans , of course you get someone to act negatively . 
  that is not `` great distress '' . 
   and ** threatens suicide ** when forced to live as a male which makes him or her clinically insane and thus rightfully a case for the local psychiatric clinic . 
   against her will and that of her primary caregiver , to behave and be recognized as male . 
  the primary caregiver here is the jugendamt . 
  and yes , the jugendamt has reasons to believe the gender identity situation is created by heavy influence of the kid 's mother , who is said to act irresponsible and who has great influence on the kid 's development . 
  she has broken off a medical evaluation of the kid when the chief doctor came to the conclusion that the mother is the problem . 
  the case is closed . 
  alex will get ferried to the psychiatric ward , if necessary by police forces , and his or her mother , if she resists that , will probably get taken away custody .
