   ships less than 20 years old that have been repaired in greece are exempt from tonnage tax for a number of years corresponding to one year for every usd100 ,000 spent on the repairs . 
  however , in order to benefit from the exemption , the cost of repairs must have been paid using imported foreign currency . 
  that 's for decreasing the trade deficit and help the wharf industry . 
   tl ; dr i 'm not saying raise the tax rates for the rich , i 'm saying , make sure they actually pay the current tax rates they have to pay , i.e. 
  reduce tax evasion . 
  maybe it 's just not worth the time . 
  removing 10 euro worth of tax evasion from 11 million greeks is better than making some rich guy pay 500000 $ taxes . 
  well , the nordics once [ taxed their successful members of society by 102 % of their income ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomperipossa_in_monismania ) . 
   extreme loopholes for the rich ( e.g. 
  no tax on shipping industry ) actually , taxation by tonnage is the international standard . 
  which , by the way , can come to kick shipowners hard when the ships have less freight than the tax demands . 
  taxation by tonnage is anything but a loophole . 
  i would like to see some figures how the `` poor '' benefitted from the catastrophic fiscal policy of greece , between the time they joined the euro and 2008 , when everything came crashing down . 
  without such information , this information is kinda biased . 
  don the hussar helmets . 
  the best kind of old-fashioned . 
   call me old fashioned , but i would be willing to risk my life for my woman . 
  yeah , for * my * woman . 
  not for some random person in some random village that happens to raise a flag similar to the one my village raises at random times . 
  poland is not , in fact , being invaded . 
   but i 'm saying that working hard might not be enough depending on your abilities and your goal . 
  then maybe , instead of starting civil war-style riots , they ought to work , increase their abilities and think their goals over . 
  just because someone wants to be the first billionaire on mars without doing any work or coming from a rich background does not give them the right to scorch police cars . 
  kids from richer families drive better cars sooner . 
  they go to better schools . 
  they tend to be fed better . 
  why should we single out one aspect - higher education ( in which , of course , richer kids still have better chances , e.g. 
  rich kids get a flat easier ) . 
  i am for a kfw credit everyone has a legal right to , but which has to be paid back in full . 
  so you say that you do not think that there 's a correlation between between work and income ? 
  you are full of shit . 
  there was * zero * violence in stuttgart . 
  yay , just beat up * everyone * . 
   i thought that in germany was slightly different . 
  the stuttgart black thursday had such an impact because for the first time , police targeted senior citizens and school children . 
  it had a wide effect of lost trust with the police with seniors and conservative folks - to the point where i have heard 80 + grannies denying them ( and their less-aggressive `` friends and helpers '' ) any kind of cooperation , a situation that would have been unthinkable ten years ago . 
  every other week , some police guy claims that aggression against them has risen . 
  well , violence causes counter-violence . 
  what kind of lawyer are you if you tell your clients to cooperate with the police ? 
   protip : do what the police tell you and you will be safe . 
  hahahaha , yeah , sure . 
  worked so well in the past . 
  i do not agree with making up excuses about some hypothetical park-walkers rights being infringed by a demonstration which is about saving the fucking park from being destroyed by construction . 
  that 's stalinist-style reasoning . 
  these people do not want to be taken seriously . 
  they are against nuclear power today , against the ecb tomorrow , and against an expanding airport the week after . 
  in reality , all they want is raising a fight . 
  so you are making the point these people are the less-intelligent ? 
  i would agree . 
   i am going to uni and thanks to some `` hippies '' in the 60s i get a lot of financial aid from the state . 
  i would argue you are more inclined to work through your degree if you pay for it yourself . 
  kinda reminds me of driving lessons - the ones who got their license paid by their parents were also the ones who failed the exams . 
  the ones who paid with their own hard-earned money aced on their first try . 
   what evidence and is it sufficient to prove that that was the case ? 
  emails from officials at that time mentioning direct involvement . 
  as several files have been `` misplaced '' or destroyed , we likely will never have enough evidence , though . 
  you could say they have learned their lessons from the past . 
   police are not superhumans , you know ? 
  just because you do not have the means to solve a situation proportionally does not mean you can resort to disproportional methods . 
  you ca n't just have one policeman with an mp5 submachine gun go to a protest . 
   just off the top of my head they did endanger for instance people who wanted to walk through the area , a basic right protected under art . 
  hahahaha , yeah . 
  you would make a great lawyer ^ 1 for an autocratic pseudodemocratic system , making up random situations . 
  so , no protestors for protecting the park so that fictive people can enjoy it ? 
  no matter what you do , you infringe on someone 's rights . 
  i could argue that people like you being alive violate my art 2 ( i ) gg rights . 
  [ 1 ] *** edit *** : when i wrote this , i did not know that op actually * is * a lawyer . 
   a more or less regular act of policing would be just unlawful if it went out of hand . 
  point is there is some evidence that this was planned by the political leadership at that time instead of just `` getting out of hand '' . 
  there have been several parliamentary investigations , and a lot of shredded papers . 
  this is n't just joe policeman having a bad day . 
   so if `` peaceful protesters '' were ordered by the police to go away and they did n't they were be breaking the law which in turn makes violent action by police lawful . 
  look for `` proportionality '' . 
  usually , you do not get shot for a parking violation . 
  the proportional response would be '' [ wegtragen ] ( http://cdn3.spiegel.de/images/image-264076-panov9free-kjip.jpg ) '' , not sending in the stormtroopers . 
   i have no knowledge of the court 's decision in detail but afaik minimum sentence would be 1 year in germany , policefolks have a special , more lenient law , because wearing an uniform should make you * less * responsible for upholding the laws : [ k\u00f6rperverletzung im amt ] ( http://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/340.html ) . 
   lastly : what would you propose police do against protests that endanger other citizens or themselves ? 
  this is a strawman argument . 
  the stuttgart protestors endangered noone . 
  actually , yes , that 's the solution . 
  permanently maiming peaceful protestors ( that image is from the stuttgart black ~ ~ friday ~ ~ thursday , when riot police started attacking peaceful pensioners and school children , one of the major events that caused the cdu government to fall in bw ) is a crime against humanity . 
  the policemen involved in that incident got punished / are in the process of being punished , though their sentences are laughably little ( ~ 9 months on plea , ~ 12000 $ ), 
  i certainly hope the other translations are better . 
  the german one is comically bad and looks a bit like something out of google translate . 
   superb childrens shows seriously , i need to get my fingers on that 1970s style pan tau tv show . 
  good times . 
  the greatest `` no real scotsman '' of them all . 
   i 've seen fiat 126p today ... 
  it must be great car . 
   heh , when i was a student , had little money and need for transportation , i almost bought one of these a few years ago . 
  had a rust hole in the passenger 's door the size of a fist . 
   i am not talking about wonderlands . 
  wonderlands did exist , though . 
  east germany had communist-style industry and still cars , no food shortages ( just shortages in variety ) , and home computers . 
   are you familiar with the term shortage economy [ 1 ] ? 
  up to your comment , no . 
  but you learn something new every day . 
  looks a lot like a problem caused by artificially low prices , though . 
   there is enough chernozem [ 2 ] in russia to feed russia and whole europe . 
  chernozem ... black something ?
