  it would be unwise to poke a waking dragon . 
  well , it is important to have some perspective when all of / r/europe and its armchair generals drum the war drums and demand we nuke moscow already . 
  questioning is not forbidden . 
  once you get three police guys to drag him to a police station , though , once the questioning is no longer voluntarily , it does become punitive . 
  i respectfully disagree that there is any aspect of society more important than free speech , particularly not national security . 
  in fact , i consider free speech the most important of human rights - more important than the right to live . 
  if you take an aspect that negates free speech , such as `` national security '' , immediately everything the government does notch approve of becomes a matter of national security . 
   either way , it is for the better it goes to international court . 
  i agree . 
  what i do not agree is that then the grudges will be ironed out . 
  even if you do not see it that way now , merkel is the greatest friend greece has right now . 
  after a lawsuit , no matter how it will end , any future german government will understand helping what then would be considered `` ungrateful '' greece to be political suicide . 
   there is the 1 billion hoscheft ( ? ), 
  tax evasion never heard about hoscheft . 
  i would think you mean hochtief ( the guys who built you a harbor , virtually all olympic structures and most of the athens airport ) . 
  if there is a case of tax evasion here , your lawsuit is between the greek state and hochtief , the german state having nothing to do with that one . 
  of course , if you decide to start picking out hochtief instead of the larger underlying problem first ... 
  i can not see much more german investment in greece . 
  it 's going to be seen as revanchism while protecting the `` local '' tax evaders from persection . 
   billions siemens stole from greece `` stole '' is a bold word . 
  is this also a tax evasion claim ? 
  because then , the same stuff with hochtief applies . 
   ] meanwhile germany is hiding the prime suspect of this deal ingermany and refuses to hand him over . 
  [ it is unconstitutional to hand over german nationals to foreign governments . 
  ( art . 
  if we are conviced that a trial would be fair and based on the rule of law , we * can * give someone to an eu country . 
  obviously , we do not think so in this case . 
   the only way forward is for both sides to `` iron out '' the grudges , otherwise there will never be a forward momentum . 
  look , i do think you genuinely want a betterment of the greco-german relations . 
  i do fear , though , that the approach the greek government is trying right now will only leave scorched earth , though , which will hurt greece far more than it will hurt germany . 
   also please hold back the `` hand that feeds you '' bullshit . 
  do you seriously think greece is supposed to be thankful for taking on 300 billion $ of banking debt germany did not force you to take up 300 billion of banking debt - these are debts democratically-elected greek leaders have created . 
  what we do is helping you manage to crawl out of it . 
   the worse thing that ever happened to greece is accepting this `` generous '' offer . 
  given the alternative , it was being saved . 
  you * could * have gone argentinia . 
   it has nothing to do with `` racketerring '' , it has nothing , i repeat nothing to do with money . 
  even in the most optimistic scenario the money gained will be a drop in the bucket . 
  given that these demands always come up when they want something and disappear the moment they do get what they want \u00b9 ) : yes , it does . 
  [ 1 ] last time i remember , they demanded reparations to be allowed into the euro even though they did not qualify . 
   what it does have to do with is moral obligation . 
  did greece already pay back it 's moral obligation to the follower-states of former persia ? 
   these are things that a winner does to a loser of a war . 
  making a government without money liquidate assets to get money is not a war tactic or the tactic of a conqueror : it 's modern banking . 
  take up a loan on your house , / r/neutrolgreek , and do n't pay it back . 
  soon , the bank will come and demand you sell said home to pay your debts . 
  same thing , really . 
   now , the greeks have turned the table and decided that it is also your `` moral '' duty to pay for the 0 % interest loan germany took in 1941 . 
  yes , 1941 . 
  if it was a `` loan '' , i got three words for you : statute of limitations . 
  if you treat it as a reparation case , i point at the london agreement as well as the 2 +4 treaty . 
  you got no case . 
  now , which legal framework does greece have for not paying for it 's frivolous spending spree of the 2000s ? 
   germany had a deal with greece to pay for the 0 % interest loan once it was unified . 
  i would very much like to see that agreement , because it 's the first i heard about it . 
  all agreements i know claim we get to pay once there is a peace treaty , and guess what , there is n't . 
   you have a `` moral '' duty to pay those debts alright , let 's hypothetically consider we * do * have a duty to pay that 0 % interest loan of 476 million reichsmarks . 
  in 1948 , we switched the reichsmark f\u00fcr the d-mark with the factor of 10:1 , so that would be a 0-interest-loan of 47,6 million d-mark - or 24,34 million euros . 
  it 's not like that money means much to us . 
  in fact , we have spent more for less important things . 
  the only reason we are going to fight you to the bone is that once you get successful , we will have tons of other countries coming knocking for some `` free money '' ... again . 
  and that , we can not have . 
  greece knows how uncomfortable our situation is in this , so when they do not get what they want , they start poking that thing . 
  how much do you guys owe us again ? 
  how about instead of biting the hand that feeds it , greece just starts getting it 's shit together ? 
  there is no shortage of qualified employees . 
  there 's only a shortage of qualified employees willing to work for peanuts . 
  traditionally , after truth , morality is the second victim in war . 
  military leaders do risk assessments all the time . 
  if the risk of having to pay reparations decades after the war becomes realistic , they will find a way to avoid that risk . 
  it is not a particularily german thing , nor something only i , a potentially-deranged person would come to : the concept of this has been around since ancient times , in fact , it appears , amongst other texts , in chinese annals and the bible ( under the `` killing the sons so they do not come back to avenge their fathers '' aspect ) . 
  yeah , that was mainly because everyone thought they would need their own webserver to run this , and most people would rather not set such a thing up . 
  i am not . 
  i am just pointing out that revanchism may , and in fact will cause results noone would like . 
  actually ... that i would find troublesome from a free speech/human rights perspective . 
  we call it the [ zeitgeist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zeitgeist ) . 
  there was a massive spike in industrialized-warfare-as-hell-on-earth-related literature around 1912 ... 
  well , because they are not terrorists . 
  d'uh . 
  to be an terrorist , you need to commit acts of terror against a civilian population for the goal to change public policy . 
  these guys wrote an open letter . 
  yeah , because they are all idiots who never have seen ammo before , right ? 
  the claims are invalid , and virtually everyone agrees they are . 
  [ there is established legal precedent for this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-16869814 ) . 
  in fact , they even are trying to sue the wrong ones - the federal republic is not the legal successor of the weimar republic . 
  what happens here is greece trying to racketeer itself out of a financial black hole ... again . 
  that being said , with all the monies that directly or indirectly have been paid by us for easing the results of our ancestors wrongdoing , greece shows some balls having the audacity to call in reparations . 
   greece is the one taking something in return for having their country destroyed , getting forced to give out loans to the german army and slaughtering greek people . 
  if this was about * that * , the lesson to be learned would be that next time we get into some kind of war , we make damn bloody sure noone on the opposing side survives this , resulting in no reparations being called in . 
  well , the vast majority of us are against road fees on the autobahn , and still , with a sleight of hand \u00b9 , today , the bundestag put them into action . 
  edit : it never mattered what we want , and it does n't now , and likely , it never will . 
  there is no such thing as democracy in a system where the electable parties all have the exactly same policy ideas . 
  [ 1 ] first , it 's `` everyone pays , germans get reimbursed in full '' . 
  then , the eugh will call that not agreeable with european laws , so germans wo n't get reimbursed anymore , and berlin will happily tell us that the eu is at fault they now have to pay twice for the very same , still-bad roads . 
   oh yeah poor ship-owners are just the richest people in the country . 
  so let 's just chop the richest guy 's head off and steal his stuff . 
  only then , there 's another richest person , so repeat 1 . 
  around 11 million cycles later , the greek redistribution problem is solved . 
   ships built in greece and registered under the greek flag are exempt from tonnage tax until they are six years old yeah , because if you do n't have a provision like that , the new ships suddenly become liberian ships , which also means losing tax income from payroll . 
   ships that undertake regular voyages between greek and foreign ports , or exclusively between foreign ports , as well as cruise vessels , are entitled to a 50 % reduction on the tonnage payable ; that 's for increasing international exchange and tourism .
