  which , in the case of the budapest accords , they do not . 
  good to know . 
  maybe when the russians come and nato is needed for once , poor americans will have a hangover from the day before and not feel like it . 
  i guess i 'm done giving you history and international relations lessons free of charge . 
  go educate yourself before you spout the bullshit your government wants you to believe . 
   nato is a complete failure of an alliance under your ideas if a country could be invaded and not protected by the other countries . 
  nato does not ask it 's member states to sacrifice their own continued existence to help another member state . 
  it 's a military alliance , not a suicide pact . 
   i also have yet to see usa break an alliance yet you claim they broke them left and right after 1945 . 
  you have ? 
  that 's curious ... * the end of the us-ussr coalition shortly after '45 * the us abandoning south vietnam in '75 * the protection deal the us had with saddam hussein in '91 * [ your own embassy considers the budapest accords as `` legally non-binding '' ex post facto ] ( http://minsk.usembassy.gov/budapest_memorandum.html ) ... thus breaching contracts . 
   usa is zero threat to germany yeah ... well , after the nsa thing came out , we think otherwise . 
   as an aside , what do you mean you have a bavarian citizenship ? 
  it 's actually a fuckup in our legislative process and rather funny , but bavaria as a german state still has it 's own citizenship - people with ties to the land of beer are foremost bavarians , and then germans , by citizenship . 
   main threat to germany is usa ? 
  step back and look at the whole picture . 
  who really is capable of fighting a successful war against a middle-sized industrialized country like germany ( or france , for that matter ) ? 
  there are n't too many candidates . 
   i can only assume your mailing address is somewhere in bavaria . 
  while i do not currently reside within bavaria , i do hold bavarian citizenship . 
   you could n't be any more wrong with your bullshit about a military alliance and how it works . 
  read the treaty , not the propaganda . 
  there 's a reason why these things are decided on by lawyers , not the military . 
   you think nato is n't needed , then leave . 
  believe me , i would love to . 
  currently , nato is more a liability than an advantage . 
   i just remember that your opinions are in the clear minority . 
  you will have a hard time finding `` i love nato , let 's bomb $ currenttargetofusinterest '' demos in germany . 
   you are the one that tells tens of millions of people how unimportant they are welcome to the wonderful world of geopolitics . 
  why would we get involved in an unimportant country when they are such a wonderful puffer giving us a few days to prepare ? 
   nato exists for a reason . 
  wrong tense . 
  you was thinking of `` existed '' . 
  the reason for nato ceased to exist in 1992 . 
   usa would n't break an alliance if you carefully read the north atlantic treaty , article 5 says `` as it deems necessary '' . 
  that ambiguity is not by accident . 
  if poland is invaded , we deem it necessary to publically denounce the invasion as an act of aggression . 
  and we would n't have broken the alliance . 
  that being said , the us has broken alliances left and right post-45 . 
   that the rest of the continent would operate the same way . 
  they are free to do so . 
  but they also know that any soldier they send to poland will be missing in their respective state , and their sense of self-preservation is well-honed . 
  they also know that if their little military adventure ends badly , someone got to pay ... and noone wants to pay the ferryman . 
   your country can barely keep spending on their military above 1 % . 
  we can - we just choose not to , because we know it 's burnt money for no good results . 
   having a highly trained military that is severely outnumbered is pointless . 
  i agree . 
  and as the two main threats to our country - russia and the us - easily can provide more soldiers than we have citizens , it 's a fools errand to train more . 
  smaller units have other advantages , though , as the us should have learned by now in their long series of unsuccessful military engagements post-45 . 
  how many soldiers did the viet cong have in comparison the the us ? 
  how many mujaheddin were there in comparison to the red army ( great job on training them and giving them weaponry , btw . 
  worked out so wonderfully for you ) ? 
  size does n't necessarily matter . 
   because it is part of being part of nato . 
  i 'm having the north atlantic treaty on the second screen right now . 
  can you tell me where it says we have to spend 2 % of our gdp on military toys ? 
   no one said you had to be involved with iraq . 
  this is n't about iraq invasion . 
  i very much remember the bush administration asking us to enter the iraq war with boots on the ground , and becoming quite pissed when we told them we would not be part of a `` coalition of the willing '' . 
   freeloading at it 's finest . 
  what part of you are freeloading do n't you understand ? 
  what the us military does is called `` gesch\u00e4ftsf\u00fchrung ohne auftrag '' in our legalese - doing stuff without being asked to do . 
  which , in our legal system , means we do not have to pay you shit . 
  essentially , the us military acts a lot like a hobo coming to your car at a red light and starting to clean your window . 
   you are acting like eu is fourth reich and your comments make that very clear that eu is only about helping germany and germany rules all of europe . 
  while i would be the first to agree that we should get the fuck out of the eu , it * is * true that the decisions that are important within the eu are not made in stra\u00dfburg or br\u00fcssel today , but in berlin . 
   germany turns down helping eu countries just as quickly as they turn down usa . 
  actually , we do help eu countries . 
  we just do n't do anything we 're asked for without wanting a say in it . 
  we did help greece , but not by showering every greek in euro bills , for instance . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita   feel free to read that link next time you want to talk about shanty towns and successful countries . 
  yeah , because gdp , of all things , show what a `` successful country '' is . 
  if we started the moneypress whenever someone burped , we would be comparable if not higher than the us number - but we know that leads to desaster , thus , we do n't . 
   are you under the impression that germany won the war or something ? 
  actually , given where we stood in relation to pretty much everyone we fought ten years after the conflict , it is safe to say that we did not exactly * lose * the war . 
  three decades afterwards , we controlled most of europe . 
  today , we decide who may enter the club . 
   all those circles being run did n't get any actual results . 
  well , we do n't have shantytowns in our cities like you have . 
  we do n't have problems with christian fanatics , our industry is cleaner , has had less toxic spill in the last fifty years , and is more efficient than yours . 
  i 'd say those are solid results . 
   my education is just fine as well . 
  dunning-kruger-effect at work . 
   how about spending the 2 % as requested why would we do that ? 
  to start fighting alongside the us in unnecessary ressource wars like iraq ? 
  to take away steam from our economy ? 
  we 're not stupid . 
  our military is just fine with the 1.5 % they got . 
   about the free protection you get free protection from what ? 
  people living in kandahar ? 
  i think i can live with that risk . 
   how exactly is germany running circles around anything if they avoid action everywhere ? 
  we do believe it 's better to talk and make deals than destroy foreign property and our lives . 
  it 's called `` being an adult '' as opposed to `` being a teenaged bully '' who just relies on their strength . 
  we also do not need to reassure ourselves about our dick size by looking at our guns . 
   they were refused the chance to inspect all the trucks . 
  from what i read , they eventually lost temper and just drove over the border . 
  do you have a reliable source telling about an ukrainian / irc person being denied access to a truck ? 
   the russian military with the trucks kept refusing access to journalists as well on the scene . 
  and why would the russians allow random `` journalists '' access to trucks ?
