  imagine there is not one germany , but actually 16 sub-germanies . 
  much like wallons and the flemish , there is animosy between them ( though not quite as heavy ) . 
  berlin is in the north-east , and next to the area what is both poorest , has least industry and the highest unemployment rate . 
  in fact , they once had a slogan called `` poor but beautiful '' . 
  the further south you go , the richer people tend to be . 
  you also will find more industry , more jobs , and less unemployment down there . 
  southerners tend to think of berlin and surrounding areas as poor , lazy slackers , a bit like the ~ ~ greece ~ ~ 19 ^ th century ireland of germany . 
  so it is no wonder ber does n't seem to get finished , while the similarily-sized s21 project is right on track . 
  and it is your perfect right to consider it that way . 
  still , at least * i * am doing something against luddites . 
  btw : do you , by chance , live in a blurred house ? 
  ... that the conservative cdu leadership had sent stormtroopers to beat up schoolchildren and senior citizens ( the latter being their main voters pool ) did n't help either . 
  personally , i work with the premise of anyone living in a `` blocked '' house being a terrorist pedofile . 
  i do treat people that way , and i tell them why when they ask . 
  people need to understand that antisocial behavior has consequences . 
  it 's `` just '' highly unpopular . 
  now ... ber is another thing . 
  but ber also is in the lazy poor north . 
  wait ... they do have christmas markets ? 
  likely filled with sami-like stuff ? 
  i think i shall have to reevaluate my holiday planning . 
  ludwig ii of bavaria . 
  blew all the money on `` fairy tale castles '' . 
  oh , the horror . 
  i do n't speak russian , so i can not do my own translation . 
  but merely saying you shot 15 prisoners without context is not an indication of a war crime . 
  these could be 15 * fleeing * prisoners , against whom lethal force is acceptable . 
  these also could be 15 prisoners who have been sentenced to death in accordance with article 100 of the third geneva convention . 
  and if the geneva convention even applies , given these people have not signed it , is debatable . 
  there is no consensus about if the third geneva convention is * jus cogens * , and that the third geneva convention explicitly states that parties need not apply it to all conflicts , especially when the foes are not parties , and when enemies do not abide by its terms , does not help . 
  in short : it 's horrible that these things happen , but we should n't start crying war crimes just yet . 
  i am sure the kremlin already is shaking ... 
  yeah , banks you can trust . 
  if the nazis could trust them , arguably one of the most paranoid political leaderships of all time , so can you . 
  they still do today . 
  unless they realize you are german - then suddenly , they all start talking in french . 
   that quotation about 200 years of peace and brotherly love and what have they ever produced ? 
  the fucking cuckoo clock ... 
  excuse me , but the cuckoo clock is a german ( particularily : black forest ) invention . 
  what they * did * invent , though , and in what britain failed miserably to recreate , was banks you can trust . 
  most boring is albania . 
  seriously , whenever i think about them , all i see is gray crumbling stalinist flat buildings . 
  and bunkers . 
  most interesting is vatican city . 
  just think about how much culture they 're cramming in that tiny speck of land . 
  citation needed, 
  turkey is mostly asia , though ( as in : center of population ) . 
   `` i 'm not europe 's last dictator anymore , '' lukashenko , 60 , said with a chuckle . 
  `` there are dictators a bit worse than me , no ? 
  i 'm the lesser evil already . '' i like how desparate that sounds . 
  when you work with utc , it is . 
  that 's because your batteries are recharged after less than three hours , right ? 
   i just found a ton of pre-euro money . 
  mostly coins but a few bills , including some valuable dm . 
  exactly how much money are we talking about ? 
  be aware that even if you can not convert some old currencies anymore , ebay will yield a good result . 
  people dig that old stuff . 
   95 % of our devices switch automatically these days so i never even notice ... 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  / u/loulan obviously is a robot , because he does not seem to have a biorythm . 
  as a computer programmer , you should work on ( dst-free ) utc per default , and use the systems localization features . 
  unless you 're work on an as400 - in which case , you got my sympathy . 
  the timber frame construction is distincively tudor england , so ... that 's kinda cheating , is n't it ? 
  the problem with bodily integrity is not the needle - it is the mandatory medical procedure . 
  schluckimpfungen , too , do carry a minimal risk . 
  schluckimpfungen still change someone 's body and - if they are mandatory - they do so unconsensual . 
  so , if you come from this angle , schluckimpfungen are really the same thing . 
  edit : schluckimpfung seems to be translated to * oral vaccination * . 
  ... fish do contain oil . 
  better not tell our american friends . 
   a us invasion is imminent . 
  i would say an us invasion of norway is about as imminent as a russian invasion of norway . 
   is the blood alcohol test for drunk drivers a ` crass violation of human rights ' in your eyes , too ? 
  yes , it is . 
  and it is even worse , imho , because it is perfectly unnecessary : there are noninvasive ways of determine if or if not a person is unfit to drive . 
   there 's a qualitative difference beyond both sure , there is a difference . 
  but why should n't we , for instance , eradicate century-old genetic illnesses by chemically castrating carriers of the gene ? 
  it 's only a prick with a needle . 
  need no scalpel for that . 
   i do n't see a problem of adding vaccinations to the already existing pool of legal limitations of the right to bodily integrity . 
  and i am for the abolition of any legal framework that violates basic human rights . 
  how about this one : both are a crass violation of human rights ? 
  you mean , other than both would be mandatory/forced state-ordered medical procedures ? 
  you are not a big fan of human rights , are you ? 
  violating bodily integrity , the right the right to roam , the right to assemble , ... ... all for the illusion of perfect security . 
  i did not . 
  i was making an observation about mandatory medical procedures allegedly for the `` greater good '' . 
  you may say i am doing the `` slippery slope '' thing . 
  you would even have a point . 
  but in the end ... mandatory medical procedures * are * affecting basic human rights ( -  bodily integrity ) , and that should be scrutinized , not cheered . 
  and then , nazi germany had mandatory sterilization of `` unwanted '' people . 
  just saying . 
  `` for the good of the group '' . 
  why should i feel proud for having an attribute given to me by pure chance ? 
  should i feel proud to have two eyes ? 
  pride for being male ? 
  originally , they are black . 
  but weather and lack of upkeep eventually make them fade to grey . 
  belgium , the country invented so that britain and germany can sort out their differences , wo n't ever be relevant / s, 
   can we all just breathe for a sec and calm down a bit ?
