  got enough per month not only to have a nicer flat than me , but also helped a few friends out with food . 
   please stop spreading this myth based on 1 % giving one $ , you only need a street frequented by 10000 people per day , and - given a usual working day of eight hours , about 1250 people per hour . 
  a lot of places qualify for that kind of people moving . 
  given the usual tricks ( `` wallet stolen , need to get fare for bus '' ) and picking your targets with some care , a lot more per successful contact can be achieved . 
   the people i know do not make 100 euros , or dollars in your case , per day by begging . 
  not even half of that . 
  euros for me , thank you very much . 
  either way , your people need some training . 
  begging is a high-class work , and just sitting in a place and not doing anything will get you little no nothing . 
  beggars are entertainers , for much of the same reason you posted : the working class loves to have an actor giving them a false sense of superiority , something to look down upon and act generously towards . 
   money goes up , shit comes down . 
  it 's the class struggle in action . 
  \u266c \u266f \u266c \u266b `` arise ye starvelings from your slumbers '' \u266b \u266c \u266b  just because you do n't make as much money as i expect you to make does n't mean you 're lazy . 
  i agree wholeheartly . 
  but we disagree on the kind of opportunities beggars have . 
   germany maintains a medium sized standing army with poor heavy lift capabilities and very little sea based power projection capability . 
  that 's because we do not plan to engage in military adventures . 
  especially the rest of europe should be quite content with that , given our history . 
   so it 's not really our call to make to invade nk when it 'll involve a large percentage of sk ` rs dying . 
  saddam having and * using * scud missiles against tel aviv did not prevent the us or the uk from getting into iraq in ' 91 . 
  `` protecting third-party populations '' is obviously not a priority . 
   that last word there , y' know , the `` dictator '' one , that 's a good reason right on its own . 
  i 'd take a liberal dictatorship against a pseudo-democratic sharia rule anytime . 
   north korea have concentration camps . 
  and you think we should ignore that ? 
  my goodness . 
  so does the united states . 
  now , why are we not attacking or at least embargoing the americans ? 
  because we live well knowing that . 
  we also live well knowing about nk concentration camps . 
  we have known about them since the early 1970s , potentially earlier . 
  we did nothing about them in the last fifty years , and now we are getting comfortable with them for the next half century . 
   nice dose of cowardice that is . 
  sometimes , not engaging in military action is the right thing to do . 
  for reference , see the [ convention of tauroggen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_of_tauroggen ) , which was almost exactly 200 years ago , as an example about how we think doing vasal service for other military powers . 
   sounds like nonsense to me , where was this you read these things ? 
  protocols on the 2 +4 treaty , political advisory papers of the brown government , more popularily accessible and more current : articles by guardian 's simon jenkins or simon hefkins of the daily mail . 
   who is we ? 
  the civilized , militarized west , including the us and germany . 
   i doubt germany even has the military capability to get down there on its own . 
  i doubt you have a good grasp about german military ability . 
  we do n't advertise it , though , so i do n't really blame you . 
   for instance despite the fact that i 'd love to invade nk and completely renew that country , we ca n't , because seoul would be levelled in the process . 
  in war , people die . 
  as we have painfully learned when * someone * decided it was a wonderful idea to targed civilian populations ( yes , i am aware we were not exactly better , either ) . 
   another example , syria , is very complicated , because the russians and chinese oppose it to a decent extent , and knowing how much of an extent is hard . 
  thus , geopolitically inconvinient . 
  and really , i do n't see how supporting the syrian insurgents is a good thing considering assad was a rather liberal dictator and one thing the arab spring has taught us is that now `` freed countries '' become more radically religious and more a quagmire with human right violations left and right . 
   oh right , so let the genocides carry on and just ignore them yeah ? 
  yes , exactly that . 
  not because i like genocide , but because it is hypocritical to just support the extermination of genocide when it suits our policy . 
  we got enough problems to fix already on our immediate neighborhood , syria , libya , afghanistan/pakistan or north korea are none of our business and we should stay the fuck out of there . 
   i would say that 's very german of you except the majority of germans seem to be opposed to genocide these days . 
  false equalisation . 
  not wanting to military intervene ! = supporting genocide . 
  most germans like that our military stays at home for the most part . 
   we 've been wanting you guys to tool up and stop pussy footing about the world since the wall fell . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  i have read dozens of pieces of especially uk origin painting us as wehrmacht stormtroopers in hiding in the last twenty years or so - the last one only days ago . 
  given those standards , we should invade israel asap . 
  it is time the west ^ tm decides on how to treat this kind of atrocity , and if the answer is `` military intervention '' , then apply it to everyone , not just because it is geopolitically convinient . 
  up to then , i am for keeping out of other nation 's internal affairs . 
  btw : says the briton who whenever germany * does * show signs of military action thinks the blitz is comming around for a revival tour . 
  you replaced ethic cleansing done by people you do n't like because of their connections to russia by ethic cleansing originating from people you like marginally better . 
  you dropped a few bombs , then ran like hell in fear of having to commit in fixing what you did break . 
  you bombed civilians on bridges and got fooled by inflatable tanks , laid the groundworks for anti-serb ethic cleansing in the kosovo , and got a more than dubious peace treaty , the `` kumanovo agreement '' , which leads to both sides declaring victory . 
  wonderful . 
  it 's like a monty python sketch gone wrong . 
  you stopped fighting and declared it a win . 
  but for a protection of one dictatorship against another dictatorship , you achieved nothing . 
   the same experiment has been done with german unemployed people , with the exact same result . 
  they tried to prove the laziness of the german unemployed . 
  the main difference being those jobs would have been unsubstainable . 
  a beggar can easily have 100 bucks/day , depending on the location . 
  an non-begging unemployed has - in the worst case - about 360 $ in germany - per month . 
  getting to work for 10 $ / day ( and having to pay for transportation to/from work out of his own pocket ) would actually set him back . 
  the country whose last won war was ww2 . 
  translation : `` we want germans to pay and their soldiers to die for wars we started . '', 
  nope . 
  wo n't happen . 
  no public support for that . 
  that 's why you police wages always have priority . 
  usually , you do not pay sales tax on private sales . 
  as an us american , he does need a visa , and a stamp from immigration and that one is in his passport . 
  btw : us drivers licences are not valid id over here . 
  let me correct myself , especially for you : that 's what peoples and governments , with noteable examples of people who just love and/or hate everyone , e.g. 
  hausgeist , do . 
  frankly , we do n't care if you like our tone . 
  we are believers in the golden rule - he who has the gold , makes the rules . 
  harboring political extremists and supporting such figures , especially in future elections , * will * cause us to reconsider whom we are going to push money to in the future . 
  it is something peoples and governments to all the time ( for instance : there are very few german-north korean economic exchanges ) . 
  if you think this is extortion , then that is your right to believe ... 
  in other news : iran told to allow same-sex marriages and full benefits . 
  not gon na happen , but always a quick way to score brownie points at someone elses ( in this case : irelands ) expense . 
  `` those who do n't remember history are doomed to repeat it . '', 
  it always is a bad idea to antagonize your neighbors . 
  kaczynski is not exactly the most beloved east-european politician over here - and poland * does * want our support . 
  in hamburg , no . 
  in niedersachsen , saterland frisian and low german is accepted ... 
  it 's a l\u00e4nder thing , often a landkreis thing ...
