  everything you wrote can be said about pedophiles . 
  would you accept a `` kiddie lover pride '' parade where those people dress suspiciously and run after kids on the sidewalks / have some kind of `` young boy love '' float where they simulate and/or enact their sexuality with kids they brought with them ? 
  after all , they are being violently oppressed , and they deserve to have a day of celebration where they do n't have to worry about society 's intolerance , do n't they ? 
  it is my firm conviction that what happens in the bedroom ( or the kitchen/the living room / ... whereever ) does not belong in the public . 
  in no way it is my intention to link homosexuality to pedophily . 
  i know these two are very different thing that have no direct cause/effect mechanics . 
  i am just using this rather frowned-upon sexual orientation to make a point . 
  just watched the video . 
  you are of course correct , that was very , very tame and the outrage was in no way a result of public indecency . 
   i thought germany was fairly tolerant of public nudity ? 
  breast-feeding your kid : the most natural thing in the world . 
  being scantly-clad : being frowned upon by the more conservative , but no problem . 
  being naked ... problem . 
  fucking in the public ... extremely problematic . 
  while you raise a few very good points , this was not about being in berlin , talinn or zagreb . 
  the thread starter argued along the lines of `` think of the children '' . 
  while i usually detest that line of reasoning , i was asking the - imho - very valid question if a society should allow people celebrating their own flavor of sexuality in the open . 
  i am not one of those `` there 's a naked breast , my kid will be traumatized forever '' guys , but should my non-existant four-year-old be confronted with displays of vaginal/oral/anal penetration when he crosses the street ? 
  the situations you describe are very similar to what we did until the early 1970s . 
  i have gay friends of both genders . 
  i know from their stories how even today in what you describe as a tolerant country they face hardships every day for their nature . 
  but how does ripping of their clothes , only dressed with a gimp mask and a black leather thong and doing a `` political demonstration '' solve these problems ? 
  i am sorry , but my fellow german does raise an interesting point , maybe without noticing it . 
  first let me say that i am all for personal sexual identity finding , being gay , bi , an bdsm gal/guy , anything really . 
  it is a matter of ones personal ideals and personality . 
  that being said : these gay pride parades are hypersexualized . 
  do we really need to allow this ? 
  would we accept a bdsm parade with close-to-naked chained ponygirls and their masters/mistresses ? 
  would we allow zoophiles simulating the humping of sheeps in a `` zoophile pride '' parade ? 
  again , i am all for gay rights . 
  i just think smearing ones sexuality into the public face , regardless of its nature , might be the wrong approach to get accepted better . 
  and the ogres won . 
  rightfully . 
  was the best song in the contest . 
  actually , both russia and turkey are predominantly asian countries , and azerbaijan is 100 % asian . 
  what you actually wanted to say was [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qehag.jpg ) , right ? 
  his * foster parents * are german , his biological parents are vietnamese , and he was born in viet nam . 
  actually , my stereotypical views of the united states are pretty close to that video ... only with more white and latino people and much more technology . 
  if openly being bribed and shagging great-looking jailbait is the limit on what is acceptable in italy ... how exactly do your immigration laws work ? 
   in my experience germans usually speak english quite well , but spaniards less so . 
  you miss the point . 
  this is not about which languages will have the most impact ( in this case , ignore french and do some mandarin ) , it is about communicating with your fellow europeans . 
  let me assure you , you will get a much heartier reception in germany if you speak german . 
  btw , remember what the economic powerhouse of the eu is ? 
  * by worldwide population : spanish and french * by eu population : french and german, 
  well , maybe , just maybe , the italians are n't that different form us - or the ones living here have adapted . 
  so you fear cultural colonialism . 
  are n't you a little late for that ? 
  your `` oppressors '' have become the oppressed , and the cultural heritage we had and shared ( which included both goethe * and * storm ) is rapidly falling into disrepair because of imported , forced-upon american culture . 
  we , fellow germans , even fellow ( ethnic ) frisians , are arguing about what constitutes german-ness on an american site speaking english , for gods sake . 
   i 'm a pirate , another thing we have in common . 
   and we advocate completely free \u00d6pnv for everyone . 
  ... but there are some things in the program that are downright unrealistic . 
   \u00d6pnv is n't overloaded , at all , it 's underused . 
  you obviously need to come down here and try using our \u00d6pnv . 
  there are days i stand for 45 kms . 
  the \u00d6pnv we have is not underused at all . 
   sinti can trust their clan and are never alone , they 're much more collectivist than us , which is n't a problem : it becomes a problem as soon as this way of living handicaps your functioning in the society and/or makes you ignore the laws of the land . 
   i do n't see why clan-run business should n't reconcile with the rest of society . 
  because actively trying to be different from all the other people is the breeding ground for discrimination . 
  humans operate on concepts of in-groups and out-groups , and any group sufficiently different from an in-group will be considered an out-group , seen as a threat and discriminated against . 
  this is not a specific german thing , either - look at * any * genocide ever , look at * any * discriminatory problem , and you see a group that did not want to adhere to the majority societies way of life . 
   that 's not a roma-specific problem , though , have a look at neukoelln . 
  german schools are n't particularly known to equalise the chances kids have in live . 
  sure , but not having equal chances does not equal having no chances . 
  i stated that in another thread - in my area , we have tons of turks and russian germans . 
  some of them are neuk\u00f6lln-style ghetto kids . 
  some of them excell in school . 
  in the end , the difference is the peer group they live in - if they are in a pro-education family , everything works out ( i have an old classmate who now is an assistant at the mit ) , if they are ignorant to the importance of education , they start hanging out in front of supermarkets and get drunk aged 14 . 
   also , romanes is in urgent need of a literary culture , so that it 's on more equal footing with the majority languages . 
  while this might help the view outsiders have of the language , it wo n't solve the problems at hand , which are sinti caught in a discrimination -  low education -  low income -  discrimination vicious circle . 
  next-to-nobody hates the successful turkish businessman . 
   a sinti mother letting her kid drive to school on its own ? 
  you got ta be kidding . 
  well , if this overprotectiveness is hampering the kindeswohl , its time for the state to step in . 
   thinking about that , i say give the sinti a discounted ticket for one or two adults to accompany the kids of the clan to school , and yet another problem is solved elegantly . 
  and how do you plan to explain to other societally-disadvantaged groups like the hartz 4 folks , senior citizens or similar that this privilege for the sinti ( which will seem like helping them nourish what appears to be a mental illness ) is not expanded to them ? 
  or should there be discounted tickets for everyone , overloading the \u00d6pnv system , resulting in reduced service , rendering it even less useful for the common public ? 
  part of becoming an adult in this society is being able to go to school by yourselves . 
  nobody is going to hold your hand if you get a job later-on . 
   my own mother was born stateless and my family had to pay a significant amount to get her her citizenship , all because my grandfather lost his citizenship under the nazis , due to being a `` half jew '' . 
  this is pretty interesting and the first time i heard about anyone having to pay for a german citizenship , which usually have been thrown around like candies in the cologne carnival . 
  care to go into a little depth on this matter ? 
   the brd is n't innocent , there 's a gazillion of brown fuckups . 
  never stated that - on the other hand , we do n't have state-sponsored anti-roma propaganda posters . 
  actually , it 's quite ridiculous , yes , especially turkey as one of the most secular states around . 
  there are , however , reasons for not letting turkey into the eu , borders with highly unstable regions , frequent military confrontations with greece , regular human rights problems and a freaking civil war ( remember the kurds ) being just four of them . 
  nontheless , you try to set up a strawman . 
   as far as my observation goes , the more right-wing a nationalist is , the more he talks about a unified , pan-germanistic nationalism , to the point of denying individual tribes their identity and subsuming all under an artificial culture . 
  i argue that you could split any group of people into smaller , distinctive subgroups - the british are welsh , irish , scottish and english , who in turn are - besides others - cornwallish , who in turn split into subtribes . 
  the situation in bavaria is that even small towns think of themselves as `` different '' than the neighbouring town . 
  i do n't deny that there are things that seperate us - but argue that there are * more * things that unite us - and thus we * do * have nation-states and `` nation-people '' , we do have the british , and yes of course we do have a german nation . 
  but if we have such a german nation , is it necessarily nationalistic - and even if - is the net return of a small degree of nationalism for the welfare of the united german tribes not worth it ? 
  would countries like schleswig-holstein - or for that matter baden-w\u00fcrttemberg - be substainable on their own , or would we fall back into agrarian developing countries , subject to the constant threat of being assimilated into neighbouring nation-states and being stripped of our cultural heritage ourselves ? 
   nationalism ca n't work if you look for commonalities , ca n't work if you want to unify you unify peoples by either a common cause , a common enemy and/or a common symbol . 
  excessive nationalism ( and we do n't have this nowadays ) is such a symbol . 
   i 'm a catholic nationalist , which is synonymous in spirit with anarcho-syndicalism , and schleswig-holsteinian separatist . 
  so you are a libertarian - that 's cool , so am i. i tend to go into the agorist-minarchistic branch more - i accept that there is the need for a state . 
  i hope my w\u00fcrttemberg gets assimilated into switzerland as fast as possible ( they do have a law to allow this !, 
  ) , not for nationalistic or ethnic considerations , but because i like the swiss way of keeping out of trouble .
