  secondly , you do n't piss in the water you 're going to drink . 
  organized attacks of hezbollah against germany would result in public persecution of their structures , which is a net loss . 
  essential game theory . 
   since german troops are deployed in afghanistan ( muslim country ) why would n't they act similar to the british head-cutters ? 
  not all muslims are alike , and with hezbollah said to be iran-funded , al-quaeda considering them infidels ( like all shi'ites ) and calls them hisballat , or `` party of al-lat '' , al-lat being a preislamic goddess , and taleban being anti-iran , i doubt that 'd be an issue . 
   an international terrorist organization hezbollah is not considered a terrorist organization within germany . 
  in fact , the only countries who consider them terrorists and not legitimate freedom fighters are canada , israel , the uk and the us . 
   but they did blow people up in bulgaria , argentina and some other countries . 
  if you have evidence hezbollah supporters in germany had a part in planning these attacks , send the names to interpol . 
  for now , they have not committed a crime on our soil , so it 's not acceptable to persecute them . 
   also do n't forget that tiny olymptics accident in munich that was perpetrated by similar minded not that large group of people . 
  that was fourty years ago . 
   it took just 2 poorly trained men to turn boston into a militarized zone , just imagine what a thousand can accomplish . 
  why should they attack a country that has no part in their problems and that provides relative security ? 
  in all likelyhood , those 1000 are not trained hezbollah warriors , but mostly middle-aged men and women with a lebanese migratory background supporting some aims of the hezbollah organisation . 
  that being said : we got about 10000 active and violence-threatening neo-nazis , some of which * did * act as terrorist organizations , which i think is a much larger problem than the hezbollah . 
  it 's all about priorities . 
  her political view does not make this statement any more right or wrong . 
  thankfully , we 're not yet that far . 
  ... hezbollah members in germany do n't blow up people . 
  a thousand people out of a population of 80 million is so laughable a number we do n't even register it on the news . 
  i 've been in larger beer gardens . 
  i would n't exactly call this one an `` intact '' specimen like the bbc does . 
  a little suffering now is better than a catastrophe five years from now . 
  trust us , [ we 've been there in ' 23 ] ( http://derhammer123.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/wr-inflation-1923.jpg ) . 
   austria was `` the first victm of nazism '' actually , that would have been germany . 
  thanks . 
  it 's a nice soundbit that appeals to the pub people . 
  it 's the kind of soundbit that ensures re-election . 
  and in the middle to long term , it is . 
  hahahaha ... yeah , right . 
  60 % of our voters would * love * more surveillance . 
  people are stupid , once you slap kids and security on a matter , it 's toxic to even touch . 
  you do n't say ? 
  fugutives in a host country might try to support separatist organisations at home ? 
  of course , whenever something like this is uncovered , there 's a small army of people jumping out of the woods to claim such generalizations is unfounded and an extreme case , that even thinking about it is racism , and that the very most immigrants are law-abiding citizens . 
   the al-quds demonstration has been an annual event in berlin since 1996 and advocates the destruction of the jewish state . 
  more than 1,000 supporters of iran and hezbollah turned out for the march last year that 's about eight traveller coaches . 
  or two planes . 
  not that impressive , really , when you consider even anime conventions regularily reach the 10-15k mark here . 
   the federal republic allows the waisenkinderprojekt libanon e.v. 
  to operate and raise funds , but eliminated its tax exemption several years ago . 
  as far as i know , there is no legal way short of a shutdown that would make them unable to take charity donations . 
  different year , essentially same report . 
  these things write themselves . 
  which is a disgrace and just prooves how toothless the eu really is . 
   but why would china want that ? 
  well , let 's see how obama is talking about human rights on his next trip to beijing . 
  he will get thrown prism right into his face ... 
  it 's a small propaganda advantage to not be seen as the worlds worst place ... by comparison . 
   the is a nagging rivalry between germany and austria warning . 
  inappropriate joke sub-thread . 
  q : what happens if germany sends their ten stupidest citizens over their southern border ? 
  a : average iq is increased in both countries . 
  the country that convinced the world that beethoven was austrian and hitler was german . 
   what poland might have done is not on trial , your arguiment was that poles did not kill jews out of antisemitism . 
  i prooved you wrong . 
  suddenly it does n't matter anymore . 
   hypothetical genocides believe me , for the people who died in polish anti-jew progroms , there was nothing hypothetical about it . 
   polish jews were polish citizens , regardless of any ethnic tensions between them . 
  says an american who probably never set foot on eurpoean soil and likely got all his wisdom about the subject from history channel . 
   because the germans take the awards for both first genocide of the 20th century ( the namaqua and herero in southwest africa ) hardly genocides . 
  hell , as a german i did n't even hear about the namaqua before today - and frankly , neither seems wikipedia . 
  i think you mean `` nama '' . 
  the herero and the nama uprisings were insurrections and bandit attacks against german colonists . 
  pows were taken and put into camps that were ill-supplied , which lead to preventable deaths . 
  the actions of von trotha were outside of his jurisdiction , not checked with his surperiors and made him shunned in german society . 
  do not mistake the actions of one man with a planned genocide . 
   and the biggest genocide of the 20th century ( the holocaust ) . 
  that is a question to be argued about . 
  on which scale do you think the holocaust was the biggest genocide of the 20 ^ th century ? 
  percentage of targeted group killed ? 
  head counts ? 
  of course , from someone whose people use genocide and genocidal behavior as a national pasttime , i should be not surprised . 
  everyone needs a black sheep to point at . 
   so who 's innocent according to your flawless german logic , people who did kill jews or people who did n't kill jews ? 
  do you still beat your wife ? 
  the polish killed jews themselves . 
  we were just a lot more efficient about it . 
   but there was no genocide ... yet . 
  eventually , antisemitism leads to outbreaks of progroms , which are essentially genocides en miniature . 
  [ and yes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom_ ( 1918 ) ) , those existed in [ poland as well ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom ) . 
  the `` innovation '' germans did was making this homocidially efficient . 
   i just do n't think they 're really that relevant to this discussion . 
  once you count jewish death as part of `` polish deaths '' , it is . 
   there were only around 60-70 ,000 residents of the warsaw ghetto by early 1943 , of whom around 13,000 were killed during the revolt . 
  valid point . 
  the dangers of using wikipedia incorrectly . 
   you see how this comparison is so unfavorable for you , right ? 
  i think that 's more in your head . 
  and really , i think you as an american should be very , very silent about genocide and camps . 
  you know , that 's exactly my point . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter , and perception changes over time . 
   but mentioning that `` antisemitic thoughts were prevalent in interwar poland '' is a manipulation . 
  germans killed jews , not poles , end of story . 
  oh , the irony . 
  you actually were n't that far away from us . 
  actually , you took * inspiration * from us . 
  quote from the link i posted :  `` after 1935 , polish antisemitic political parties put increasing pressure on the government to pass legislation that would place restrictions on the social mobility of polish jews . 
  these parties had been inspired by the example that the nazis set in germany with the passage of the nuremberg race laws . '',
