  here , i said it : terrorists . 
  following the definition `` to use violence or threat of violence to unlawfully change policy making '' , they current greek government is . 
  it is time to cut greece loose - like once before , we did when we had the latin monetary union . 
  maybe if we attempt this a third time , we wo n't make the same mistake - allowing greece to enter - again . 
  well , canadians are n't americans , even though the word is spanish . 
   i care about more than my personal happiness . 
  so do i - personal happiness , though , stands paramount , and i am not going to risk my personal happiness for lesser interests . 
   as i said , if you do n't care , that 's fine , but do n't try to take the moral high ground when history has already proven you wrong . 
  when did history proove me wrong that war is a murderous , horrible , petty thing ? 
  when ever was the life of the common man * improved * by warfare ? 
   appeasement only leads to war . 
  when did i ever say anything about appeasement ? 
  my position is n't appeasement , but staying the hell out of military conflicts that we can not win and have nothing to gain from . 
  also , careful appeasement has led to seventy years of peace , which is the longest period of peace we have had in central europe . 
   some of us ( thankfully most ) still care more than what 's in our vision . 
  most of who ? 
  europeans ? 
  then maybe europeans have not yet learned their lessons after centuries of warfare . 
  maybe then it is time for a nuclear holocaust - just try to keep those who * did * learn their lessons out of it . 
  ( `` if you have visions , you should go to a doctor/psychiatrist '' ) . 
   also , back to living under a different flag , communism absolutely wrecked eastern europe , as a german one would think that you 'd see that . 
  what i see is that people still were reasonably happy in the gdr . 
  they did not have our level of consumerism , they waited years for their cars , but they still got community , relative economic safety and - unless they actively were hostile to their rulers - personal safety as well . 
  when i see old images , i see happy people living happy lifes with purpose , not unlike in the west . 
  man can not wish for more . 
  arguabely , i know very little about the situation in hungary , ca . 
  1970 , so i will not comment on that . 
  just to be clear though , i am not a communist . 
  nor would i think that the remote chance of a russian takeover would lead to a communist regime . 
   do n't give me this crap about not caring , you 've been spoiled by living in a comfortable country and you 've forgotten that the real world exists . 
  so would you rather see us in arms again ? 
  the last time , that did n't turn out so well for eastern europe , and - frankly - today 's situation would be a picnic compared to what we did back then . 
   have you taken any classes related to history , governance , or politics ? 
  yes , and they are pretty good in showing that war always is fuelled by economic interests . 
  there are no laws for territory ( but for economically-exploitable natural ressources in that territory ) , for race or religion , there only is the big dollar/euro to be made . 
  of course , you can show me * one * war that was not in it 's core a big raid ? 
   i called you an anarchist because anarchists share your ideas . 
  they want to live only for themselves and they do n't believe in collective benefit . 
  actually , most people who consider themselves `` anarchists '' are leftists and communist , which are * only * about the collective benefit . 
  what you describe is `` anarchocapitalism '' , and i agree that i am relatively near their views philosophically . 
   i love all europeans , i 'm just not afraid to stand up when one of my brothers thinks he has the right to begin invading another one of my brothers . 
  so , essentially , you randomly choose a bully to follow and one to attack . 
  how mature . 
   for someone who does n't care , you seem to be awfully hell bent on convincing somebody who cares about the world to not care about the world . 
  i like to understand enemies of humanity better , and i can only learn about them when they write their views down . 
  actually , a true anarchist would fight to abolish the state - i just do n't care . 
  my life does not revolve around concepts that are unlikely to improve my life . 
  the community i am embedded in does n't care if they 're german , french or swiss , in fact , they are international enough that nationality rarely comes up ( and when it does , it 's mostly about jokes ) . 
  we do care about each other , but we do not care about someone whom we never met telling us to pick up a rifle so that $ bigcompany can make a few bucks more , or their own ass wo n't get rustled . 
   i just do n't like that people like you can vote , vote in a so called `` social construct '' . 
   i just do n't like that people like you can vote , vote in a so called `` social construct '' . 
  so you say your kind should lawfully rob me without me being able to voice my concern once every four years ? 
  how about this : make voting an opt-out process , and link it to paying taxes - no vote , more money ( or better : amount of votes equal to the actual taxes you paid last year ) . 
  maybe then we would get parties which truly are pacifist and willing to improve life and infrastructure instead of just filling their pockets . 
   i 'm just glad that people like you only share these backwards isolationist opinions on the internet . 
  you think ? 
  it 's been a while since i saw a `` let 's kill all russians '' rally . 
  the very study discussed in this threat shows most germans are pacifists , not warmongers . 
   whoa , you 're sounding a bit like a few historical figures there , bub . 
  there are very few radical pacifists in history , which is a shame . 
  so i would wonder , whom do i sound like ? 
   i 'm going to go out on a limb and assume you 're young , i said stupid things back then too or maybe you are just believing stupid things right now and have been brighter in the past . 
  i am sad that there still are people who only can define them by the leaders they follow . 
  maybe one day you will see that your personal happiness does not depend on concepts like `` the nation '' . 
  why is it genocide to do this to one group which historically has horrible parenting that lead their children to become mostly unproductive members of society ( = the gypsies ) , but not if we do the very same thing to social groups which have horrible parenting ( = drug abusers ) , which lead their children to become mostly unproductive members of society ) ? 
  destroying a culture that actually * is * harmful to their offfspring can not be worse than destroying other aspects that are harmful to them . 
  wow , that 's honestly fucked up . 
  for comparison , in germany , you could have lawfully seriously injured or * killed * them to avoid them from leaving . 
  thanks . 
  am scheduled to go to paris next month . 
  will take this into consideration . 
  so , just another armchair general . 
  i do n't care much about how you feel . 
  you * consider * your `` people '' , the `` european community '' or `` a nations political interests '' to be worth dying for - i consider them a social construct , a market to sell goods on , and the interests of some rich people which they want me to die for . 
  can i probably live a nice life if the color scheme of my flag changes ? 
  sure . 
  can i live a nice life if i am dead ? 
  nope , because i 'm dead . 
  war , thus , is always bad , and a matter of last resort to avoid genocides , particularily genocides against the * own * population , or to avoid larger , more damaging wars involving us . 
  there is no indication that russia has any plans to invade us in the forseeable future . 
  so a war is unnecessary and more harmful than beneficial . 
  thus , i would support and go to war against warmongers like you . 
  people rattling their sabers and being all jingoistic are what enabled world war i. 
  we wo n't survive world war iii , so mankind as a species should rid itself from the likes like you . 
  warmongers like you are taking the rest of us hostage in their rambo-style fantasies , and - just like we have the `` finaler rettungsschu\u00df '' for hostage-takers , we have a moral obligation to end the threat your kind poses . 
  neither germany nor great britain has problems paying their debts , so you are comparing apples to oranges . 
  so ... are you a member of your country 's armed forces , or are you just another armchair general expecting other people to die for you ? 
  explaining the stars to ants is pointless . 
  please do some reading before forming your opinion on military doctrine . 
  you obviously are not a child of the cold war , or else you would know a little something about things like mutually assured destruction . 
  please do some reading before forming your opinion on military doctrine . 
  heh , it 's time for * us * to have a turn at souring us-german relations already . 
  we 've been very patient . 
  it 's been an issue a few years ago . 
  you completely take the russian side out of your consideration . 
  watch this youtube video about the [ able archer 83 wargames ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ciy5r-tlie ) . 
   there is no point to use nuclear warheads if retaliation would destruct as much from own areas . 
  this is true if you consider everyone to be level-headed and sane . 
  i thought it is / r/europe 's consenus that putin is n't actually sane . 
   kinda same that everyone were scared of gas attacks in ww2 but none used it .
