  over here , if you can not substain your family , the state actively takes them from you to protect them from starving ... 
   it 's home ownership . 
  he would pay the same money and more if he was renting . 
  which would leave him with even less disposable income for buying food . 
  which was my point to begin with . 
  yeah , only then he would n't put it under `` taxes '' , he would consider them `` living costs '' . 
  so adding them is kinda cheating , is n't it ? 
   my point was that the way the system works , this guy is left with 250 euros per month to feed a family of four , even though he has a profit-generating enterprise . 
  if i have a business generating a profit of 1 ( one ) euro per month ... would i have the moral right to complain my family starves ? 
  noone cares why he does n't get enough money out of his `` business '' - if it is n't enough , it is n't enough . 
   what 's the point of taxing a guy like this so much ? 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i did n't realize you 're lost . 
  this is reddit.com , where we celebrate *** higher *** taxes like it 's four-dimensional christmas , and demand 90 % tax brackets !, 
  you 're looking for mises.org . 
   if he was taxed less , his business would offer a service to people who needed it and no one would be worse off . 
  ... but the state , which is the cummulation of all his fellow greeks . 
  his taxes - so reddit usually says - builds schools and roads and cool stuff like health insurance . 
  so , if i found a million bucks in the mail tomorrow , i 'd be a rich man . 
  not gon na happen , though - much as this guy 's not going to get much sympathy for his tax woes . 
   but i suppose nitpicking to ratioinalise your superiority is easier than challenging your own views . 
  i have yet to see where this view - that within your economic framework - which is the same for everyone in your area - you need to earn amount x to be able to survive - could be challenged, 
  he is not able to substain himself from his `` legitimate income '' , which down the line gives him 5000 bucks per year ( ! ), 
  - before operating costs ( !!! ), 
  - thus he is bankrupting himself . 
   if you earn $ 20k/yr , you can have a small but viable business . 
  it may or may not make enough profit to pay its owner 's rent , but that 's another question . 
  actually yes , it is . 
  `` viable business '' means the owner is able to substain his/her life from it . 
  anything else is a `` hobby '' . 
  check if i did my taxes correctly and apply all the deductions i could have . 
  if my tax statement is correct : try to find a business model that yields a liveable wages in the legal framework i am in . 
  if i ca n't do that , shut down the business and search for a real job . 
  yes , it happened to me ( when ulla schmidt made health insurance mandatory for the self-employed in '06 and suddenly i had to pay ~ 300 bucks per month ) . 
  yes , it did suck . 
  no , there really is no way around it . 
   do you expect a person with a trade and a business to be able to make arbitrarily large amounts of money , and if he does worse than that then he should give up and do ... what exactly ? 
  yes , exactly that . 
  if your `` business '' is not able to substain itself and give you a decent living ( and obviously , in this case it does n't ) , it 's not viable and should be shut down . 
  never throw good money after bad one . 
   he is trying to feed his family with his business , he did n't decide he hit a ceiling of 20k a year and then stop . 
  noone gives a shit what he is trying to do . 
  obviously he 's failing , and thus endangering his family . 
  he should either get his shit together and find a viable business model that works under the changed environment - or he should shut down his `` business '' - which really then is but an expensive hobby - and get a real job . 
  * why * exactly his business has become unstable is irrelevant - could have been taxes , could have been tax enforcement , could have been losing customers . 
  noone cares n the end . 
  thank you . 
  of course , that wo n't make the greeks feel any better . 
  because imf and the troika ... 
  well , i guess the politicians should just try to elect a new people then . 
  one guy doing a simulation of a business . 
  this guy has no business to run a business when he 's bankrupting himself in the process . 
  ... if you have zero overhead . 
  which most businesses do n't have . 
  i would argue a private business owner with 20k income has done something majorly wrong . 
  there clearly is a point where owning a small business just is n't feasible anymore , and this example pretty obviously is below that treshold ... 
  the treshold in germany is at around 30000 $ / year - which makes you live under survivable circumstances . 
  if you earn less , health insurance will kill you . 
  also ... real estate tax only is applicable if you own real estate ( which usually generates income ) , health insurance is not exactly a tax , and an income tax rate of around 40 % for a self-employed person has likely tons of deductions this `` small business owner '' does n't claim . 
  car insurance might be mandatory , but it 's not a tax . 
  it 's operation costs of your vehicle . 
  in short : this kind of milchm\u00e4dchenrechnung ( = naive assessment of a situation , incompetently bad maths ) is exactly why we do n't take greece 's woes more seriously . 
  you could take the weapons and sell them . 
  i am pretty sure for the right sum ( that might or might not come from the eu ) , i can find you someone to kill or kidnap pretty much anyone for you . 
  well , i 'm sure russian interceptors will just land and roll out on trucks back to russian airspace now ... 
  well , shooting at moving targets , anyone ? 
  international recognition of south ossetia undeniably exists . 
  international recognition of kosovo undeniably exists ( by the us and it 's allies/vassals ) . 
  neither is important , though . 
   they start being riots once they 're violent . 
  not before . 
  they were a riot the moment the first meter maid showed up on maidan then . 
  a protest that is declared illegal by a legitimate government/jurisdiction and does n't immediately stop is a criminal act and has to except the state rolling in to disperse it . 
  different kind of support for different situations , but yes . 
   yep , that 's totally right except we ( ethnic russian here ) do n't have any needs to secede obviously , the majority of you disagree . 
   do n't forget about parliament where same `` pro-russian '' janukowytch 's party still has way too many seats . 
  a party which has every right to suppose should they raise their heads again , it 's noose-on-lamppost time . 
  maidan sure told them how to silence opposition . 
  actually , the mob wanted him gone after he cancelled an ukraine-eu treaty . 
  what happened afterwards - and there is good proof the pro-eu-protestors actually shot at their own to cause a false flag - only was an excuse to get the sympathies of the world . 
  protests are democratic - as long as they 're lawful . 
  if they stop being lawful , we call them riots , and then the riot police moves in - regardless of it is kiew , berlin - or d.c. 
  well , the russian parts of the population successfully elected a pro-russian president - janukowytsch - who was removed by a eu-supported insurrection . 
  i would argue that democracy at that point pretty much is dead , and the ethnically-russian population has any right to secede on their own terms - if it needs to be with force . 
  imagine a republican candidate being elected and the democratic party - with support of the eu - starts staging a maidan-like `` revolution '' when half his term is over - and successfully makes the republican candidate flee the country because he - probably rightfully - fears death at the hands of the democratic mob . 
  would n't then utah , the reddest of the us states - which did accept their democratic loss , morally have every right to reconsider the us democratic process and declare itself independent ? 
  [ well , that 's probably related to the danish language ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk&amp;feature=kp ), 
   when you have elected representatives you can change a lot - even the constitution itself . 
  ok . you got a country that 's ethnically overwhelmingly oompah . 
  about 15 % of the population , very densely clustered in the eastern part , is loompa . 
  they ideally got around 15 % of the representatives . 
  they want to leave , the oompahs do n't want them to leave , and the constitution demands a 50 % +1 vote for a secession ... 
  in such an example , the 15 % loompas essentially have become a slave race for the oompah 's if they stick to the democratic process , their representation is worth shit . 
  with 15 % of the representation , the system itself is also unlikely to change . 
  democracy is a good thing in the majority of cases ... but there 's also the tyranny of the majority , and especially in the ukrainian/russian situation we see right now , this tyranny of the majority had to eventually lead to friction - which is what we see today . 
   but the east still has that . 
  we did n't . 
  the question is how much a `` democratic representation '' is worth if the option of secession is by constitutional design unfeasable ( by having the whole nation agree , not just the part of it which overwhelmingly wants to secede ) . 
  what good is a democracy if it is designed to surpress large parts of a population ? 
  i would argue if i park a few tanks in warsaw and poland was n't able to throw me out - then there is no longer such a thing as a functioning polish state . 
  which is exactly what happened in ' 39 .
