  i would like to see how the german court would have any relevance to stuff happening in british territory . 
  german courts have worldwide jurisdictions over german citizens in very select cases . 
  murder is one of them . 
   3 ) austrian government can not issue neither german nor uk passports so until the embassy gets around to it your stateless . 
  how can you infringe rights on something that does not posses them . 
  no , you are not stateless . 
  your nationality status is not linked to you being in the physical possession of a passport . 
  you do not become stateless when your passport is stolen . 
  you do not gain nationality just by receiving a passport . 
   basic human rights are enforce by a state . 
  they are not just something you are born with . 
  i have to ask now ... are you trolling ? 
  basic human rights are * exactly * what you are born with . 
   embryos have no right to live protected by a state . 
  you cite two rulings , interpretations of a law , one of which refuses to answer the question . 
  not exactly a strong argument . 
   it the root of your beliefs ( woman is less important than the fetus ) actually , equally important , but in a `` position of power '' . 
   and that is that even by banning abortion , you will never stop abortion . 
  you will only make it life and health threatening . 
  by banning murder , we do not get rid of murder , either . 
  i do not see how this is an argument . 
   unsafe abortions take the lives of estimated 47 000-68 000 women each year , and millions of women ( around 2 to 7 million ) survive one but suffer long-term or permanent injuries . 
  so because murder might have consequences ( which may involve injury and death ) , we should legalize it so the murderer 's risk is minimized ? 
   first of all , in your situation , the `` very difficult question '' would be considering the life of a living , breathing , talking , thinking , dreaming , feeling human being , who has loved-ones , experiences , memories , someone is shaped by other human beings and who would be missed by many people ( possibly by husband and other children , by co-workers , by relatives , by friends , by neighbors , by whatever , and the other one is a fetus . 
  so should the legality of murder be dependant on how popular the murder victim is ? 
  for instance , if you slice a social recluse open whom noone really hangs around with , should that be legal , but killing the social butterfly suddenly becomes a grievous crime ? 
   but in both cases it would be clear that a woman 's right to life ends when she gets pregnant . 
  but life comes with responsibilities . 
  this includes taking responsibility for life that was created with your help up to the point where it is viable . 
   personally i do n't think it is a `` very difficult question '' at all , but that might be because i like being alive and i am a woman , so there 's that . 
  if i was a serial killer , i might see the legality of murder in different ways , too   but if we get to the real issue your question is , that yes , women will be in danger of dying if you ban abortions . 
  pregnancy involves very small risks . 
  abortion does not . 
   ( let 's be real here , you too ) if you can not distinguish the argument from the person , i do n't think anyone can have an intelligent discussion with you . 
   so i wake up tomorrow morning to find that i 've been kidnapped during the night , put under and surgically attached to another person who will die if i leave , i have no right to leave ? 
  no , ethically , you can not leave . 
   those normal biological functions can leave women dead or with serious health issues . 
  and if this really was that much of a widespread problem , our species would have gone extinct millenia ago . 
  we can do mandatory gene checks at 12 years old ( = before they can reproduce ) and kill anyone with a marker . 
  after all , even if they do not suffer themselves , they still are a risk to the population 's health . 
   i really hope you are n't serious . 
  are you aware how horrible it sounds to compare this ? 
  of course i am not serious . 
  but there really is no big difference between the state forcing you to take a needle with the slight risk you will be crippled for life `` for the greater good '' and the state deciding you are unworthy of life at all . 
  in both ways , the state would decide to risk destroying your life . 
  we have stopped the state to decide on our medical mandatories for a reason . 
  last time we did it , both vacciniations as well as euthanasia was quasi-mandatory . 
   so my mum is german , my dad is british , i was born in austria but we currently reside in italy . 
  what am i ? 
  you are at least german and british . 
  you are definitely not italian ( italy practices strict jus sanguinis ) . 
  you * might * be austrian if you lived there for 10 years and applied for it . 
  the fact that the austrians gave you an identity document is irrelevant . 
    was i german or british before i was born , if abortion is illegal in one state , i travel to another to get an abortion , does the second state comply with the first because it has different rules or are we subject to the rules of the land . 
  the state in which abortion is illegal would sue your mother and the involved medical professionals ) for it . 
  in fact , the possibility exists in german law ( \u00a7 218 , though right now it is not being enforced ) . 
  murder is one of those crimes germans get prosecuted for in germany if they have not been prosecuted abroad , no matter where on the world it happens . 
   even if citizenship is given to fetuses ( which it currently isnt cause you have no birth certificate or document giving you citizenship ) there is no right to life . 
  citizenship is not bestowed upon you by papers . 
  and the right to life is one of the basic human rights . 
   what i mean is that the oath is just a piece of paper ( text whatever ) and it has no divine moral value , not swearing by it , not following it has no consequence . 
  it has no authority as it has not stopped medical malpractice or atrocities from happening nor is it legally binding so that it can be used in such a manner . 
  it still is the cornerstone of medical ethics , and people do get prosecuted for violating it . 
   this makes no sense . 
  yep , i a word there . 
  `` there is a difference between *** not *** prohibiting something and allowing something '' . 
   medical practices ? 
  if you consider live to begin with conception , abortion is not a `` medical practice '' much like shooting someone is n't . 
   so on that note , if we somehow find a way to help people heal from deadly diseases by hooking them up to other living humans for ( x-amount of time ) against their will you would be all for it because not hooking them up to other people would kill them ? 
  it 's a trolley problem . 
  in one case , doing nothing saves a life , in your example , taking action saves a life ( both variants to the inconvinience of someone else ) . 
   getting a disease is also a normal bodily function yet we have no compulsion against removing bacteria/virusses/parasites from our system if they negatively impact our lives . 
  neither bacteria , virii or parasites are human life . 
   ( you have to register a no , otherwise it 's defaulted a yes ) which gives you a choice . 
  if the doctors are a bit overeager harvesting your organs , by not having made a choice otherwise , you have given an implicit ok to accept your life being shortened . 
  if that being important to you , you had the option to say no . 
  if you take away that choice , you are at the mercy of the doctors , and that 's highly unethical . 
  i think we can agree to disagree . 
  i for one do not wish to live in a system in which my life depends on the will of some medical inspector . 
   so it 's okay to keep a woman hostage for 9 months while something she does not want grows inside her ? 
  we `` take people hostage '' all the time when they threaten to kill someone . 
   we can not force people to donate kidneys/blood/bloodmarrow / etc but we can force a single gender to donate her time and body ? 
  one is creating bodily harm , the other is assuring a life created by normal biological functions . 
  hardly comparative . 
   and to continue on the donation thing . 
  we can not even force those donations on the dead ( who objectively `` no longer need those parts to function '' ) this is a protection mechanism for avoiding doctors `` helping '' death so they can start harvesting the organs already . 
  imagine what would happen if only one single such case came to light after a `` forced donation after death '' law comes into effect . 
  forced euthanasia for people with genetic defects is also prooven to help . 
  we can get rid of all kinds of genetic defects that way . 
  i guess we need to repeat the same mistakes every 100 years or so ... 
   it 's not since you gain citizenship in the place you are born , not the place you reside . 
  usually , citizenship is inherited . 
  very few countries actually practice location-based citizenship . 
   the oath has changed over the past 2000 years it has been around , no , it has not . 
  there are new oaths who have been `` inspired '' by it . 
  the ban on abortions still is valid in the hippocratic oath ( which also forbid , for instance , surgery ) . 
  the geneva one , for instance , does not deal with anyone who is not * sick * - and pregnancy is not an illness . 
  so it 's pretty much up to interpretation if geneva allows or disallows non-medically-necessary abortions . 
   as of 1993 , only 14 percent of medical oaths prohibited euthanasia , and only 8 percent prohibited abortion . 
  there is a difference between prohibiting something and allowing something .
