  from the perspective of hayek : insane spending like a drunk sailor . 
   also the first ones to break the criterias regarding policy within the ez were germany and france , did anyone enforce the rules ? 
  there 's a massive difference in risk if france/germany violate the criteria for a year or two , or if other countries with less developed economies fail them for a decade . 
  in the end , it comes down to a question of political will . 
  if we want you in , you will have to recognize new coins within two years . 
   aditionally with about 80 % of our population against the euro i can safely say that we would , rather than to join . 
  ... until you realize that you need us more than we need you . 
   that being said the day the eu starts to enforce penalties against major countries infrigements of various eu treaties you can get back to me it happens all the time . 
   also , that 'd only result in us leaving the eu . 
  as if anyone ever did that before ... thats idle talk until someone successfully does leave the eu . 
  sweden is unlikely to be the first one . 
  international treaties that could well be enforced by daily punitive charges against your treasury . 
  the eu got a process for non-compliance . 
   p.s. 
  i was even correct about the boycotting of german products , there are campaigns going around for which barcodes are german products ( i believe barcodes that begin from 401-440 . . there is a graphic making the rounds [ 1 ] ) , and people are openly talking about boycotting companies like lidl -- they have responded by flooding . 
  [ oh , the irony  ] ( http://www.mennoniten-sinsheim.de/gemeinde_v2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/1597991.jpg ), 
  we believed that in germany as well . 
  eventually , you will realize that you only have the choice between bad and worse . 
  you will be surprised , 
   the remaining non-participating member states acceded to the union in 2004 and 2007 , after the euro was launched . 
  at the time of their accession , they did not meet the conditions for entry to the euro area , therefore their treaties of accession allow them time to make the necessary adjustments -- they are member states with a ` derogation ' , as is sweden . 
  *** these member states have committed to joining the euro area as soon as they fulfil the entry conditions . 
  *** http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/who_can_join/index_en.htm in short : new members have to adopt the euro sooner or later . 
  ca n't have the benefits without the risks . 
   she manipulated the public opinion in such a way to make bailouts unpopular . 
  actually , bailouts always are unpopular when you are on the giving side . 
  merkel did not have to do anything at all ...  meanwhile , politicians in the debtor countries are told to just go with it even though it means they will lose all their political influence in a few months and people will starve . 
  it is awfully matching to the situation . 
  why should she sacrifice her own political future to save those of the other politicians ? 
   why is it fair that greece repays its loans to germany but it does not repay the companies that supply it medical supplies or the doctors who work around the clock saving patients ? 
  can the companies for medical supplies or the doctors bail greece out ? 
  you are comparing apples to oranges . 
   having cyprus destroy its whole economy overnight without any guarantee of any help to re-build it on a sustainable basis is madness . 
  the so-called cypriot economy was fraudulent and parasitic to the rest of europe . 
  destroying it is the only option . 
  and no , we are not in the business of providing everyone with a working high-class economy - that has to come out of the countries themselves . 
   germany and co. are asking to have it both ways and it 's impossible . 
  something has to give . 
  then let 's have national currencies again . 
  i do n't see why we should impair our economy just because certain countries do have a spending problem . 
   the terms themselves were decided so that to minimise the money the creditor countries had to lend and to make them look good politically back home . 
  also , some geopolitics are involved . 
  that are factors , yes . 
  but do you know what merkel would have to do to get a landslide victory in septembers ' elections ? 
  declare that no further monies would be put into bailout funds and that the club med should help themselves , then go over the street and order a currywurst . 
  instead , she opts for bailouts which are hurting her * badly * in the public opinion . 
   therefore , the terms themselves are not curative so ... limiting public spending is not curative ? 
  shutting down one of the banks that caused cyprus ' problems is not curative ? 
  if you spend more than you earn , you will go into debt . 
  limiting spending per definition is helping the situation , thus it is curative . 
   i 'm sorry that you have to live through this but you need to carry that shit . 
  actually , every single person on earth should carry that shit . 
  what happened on our turf could have happened anywhere ( and often did ) . 
   you really believe the bailout terms are curative ? 
  what interest would the troika have in destroying the economies of countries that have the same currency if it was not curative ? 
   if only germany could exhibit the same attitude towards the current debtor countries , then the war reparations issue would never be brought up . 
  if all was forgiven , it can not be brought up again . 
  that being said : reparations are punitive . 
  this is curative . 
  you ca n't be curative with some leeway if you want to solve the real problem . 
   do you really feel this is fair ? 
  seriously , avoiding to sign a peace treaty so you can avoid to pay is completely amoral . 
  there is no peace treaty to sign , and seriously , if we were to sign a peace treaty , we might bring up a few things about the former east prussia and parts of poland which were considered under polish/soviet administration but still parts of germany - yes , kohl declared to give them away , but if there is to be a peace , we might bring it up . 
  do you think greece can convince poland to give up 20 % of it 's territory and russia to give up it 's ice-free baltic harbor ? 
  greece is by far not the only country that has been short-changed by the absence of a peace treaty . 
  whoever wants a peace needs to not redo the errors of versailles . 
   what kind of citation do you need ? 
  it was all over the news and it was scorned . 
  some of the most up-voted submissions in / r/greece deal with this issue . 
  i 'm not sure what you are expecting of me . 
  one link in a language/script i can actually read ( i so regret not having done the * altsprachliche * course in gymnasium ) . 
   first , the greek government has not asked for any reparations . 
  the only thing the greek government has done so far is to do a committee to evaluate the validity of these claims . 
  we both know it is a rigged game . 
  rest assured no payment will happen . 
   second , if they were to ask them , it would be within their rights . 
  germany has paid reparations in the 1960s . 
  we agreed to pay when a peace treaty is signed . 
  there is no peace treaty . 
  case solved . 
   there also was widespread public outrage in greece over the protesters dressed as nazis . 
  [ citation needed ]  the german guy is in an influential position and his racist book becomes a bestseller . 
  the greek guys were a handful of nobodies that everyone scorned but no one cared to forcibly throw out of a protest rally . 
  one versus many . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious what is happening here . 
  you know , there is a whole greek government who played the nazi card when they demanded reparations ... coincidentally exactly the amount they owe everyone else ... once again . 
  ... and there was widespread public outrage about this . 
  which you graciously forget to mention . 
  i praise the mastery of your brewers and distillers , both of which i value myself from time to time , and you claim i have been racist against you ? 
   when germany 's economy succumbs to the inevitable rot in your banking system , which will never happen , because our banking is rather solid ...  the rest of europe will remember the attitude of your politicians , your media and people like you , and nobody will shed a single tear . 
  not that it would ever matter . 
  we 're welcome when we bring money , but not if we are in need . 
  germany remembers well how it was in the 1990s , when we asked if we could pay less into the eu to offset reunification costs . 
  not * get * money , but pay slightly less . 
  a few countries now in need vetoed such a case , and we did n't , paid our eu monies , and gulped up what effectually was the transformation of a second-world country into a first-world one . 
  and now , it is us who are asked nicely . 
  and we are willing to help , but under our guidelines . 
  the north remembers ... 
   it is a heist , a transfer of wealth , and you have absolutely no right to play stern lecturer when we are the ones who saved your ungrateful ass . 
  hahaha , yeah , sure .
