   what plan do you suggest ? 
  taking refugees and pouring eu with quotas , which will never stop . 
  we need to stop it somehow . 
  work with problems once they arise . 
  and realistically , unless we do what you imply - massive destruction of migrant life - it will never stop - you are right on that . 
   you would know . 
  different people have different ideologies . 
  do n't expect that anyone gets a free pass the next time around . 
    i am saying that there is no proof that there are ngos involved in that kind of business   are you sure ? 
  that is a comment thread about an article that 's behind a paywall - which seems to be about italy willing to ignore maritime law . 
   silicon valley has managed to become the center for it-companies , because this is where the it revolution started . 
  compare the amount of paperwork and regulations to set up the same startup in germany and in the us ... that 's a major reason . 
  also , rather conservative banking . 
   a repairable product isn \u00b4 t a sign of the `` digital stone age '' . 
  on the contrary , if people can repair their products , maybe they will get to know more about technology in the process . 
  the point is that we used to * have * repairable everything , and have access to it today . 
  the nokia 3330 , for example , was virtually indestructible , batteries were exchangeable and cheap . 
  noone wanted that once the new shiney came out , noone bought it afterwards . 
  ibm/lenovo thinkpads , to give another example , are virtually indestructible , replacement parts are plentiful , they are dirt cheap on the second-hand-market . 
  noone buys them but a few it guys . 
  people want shiney and slim . 
   prety sure spain , portugal , germany , france , italy , belgium and the netherlads would be in it from day one . 
  add luxembourg , and you essentially have the core again . 
   as merkel did n't start open-border and was n't nick named `` mutti '' ? 
  no , and her being nicknamed `` mutti '' started somewhere around 2008 , shortly after her first election . 
   my reddit nickname   someone calls me fascist i did n't call you a fascist , i suspected that you might be . 
  and about your username ... 
  i have heard there 's a sizeable nazi-paraphernalia subculture in gay culture . 
  i guess these black uniforms really are dapper . 
    i 'm just a guy that is worried more about my own , my families , my friends , my countrymen safety . 
   ~ 30 years to come and we will be the ones that will be paying more money than getting . 
  i wo n't hold my breath if i were you . 
   or you know make a deal with some country and send them back to where they came from , ah , have someone other do the murdering for us . 
  outsorcing . 
  very nice . 
  maybe we need some lithuanian elite diplomats , because obviously *** noone in germany ever thought about that before and our diplomats all are incompetent *** / s ( hint : guess why we were n't friends of getting rid of gadhaffi ? ), 
   i do n't want to kill people , intent is not as important as effect once it 's nuremberg trial time again . 
   how is that a right wing nutjob theory ? 
  are you saying that people from mena are not paying money to be transported to europe illegally ? 
  i am saying that there is no proof that there are ngos involved in that kind of business . 
   lithuanians do n't want economic migrants surprise , surprise : germans , italians and french peopel do n't want economic migrants either . 
  it 's not something you get to choose . 
   migrants do n't want to be relocated here because they though they will live in german paradise where they give you everything for free . 
  surprise , surprise : ideally , they do not get to choose either . 
   i 'd say germany 's membership is flawed see how you survive without us . 
   with invitation of migrants and the only people i hear talking about an invitation are right-wing nutjobs who willfully misinterpret a situation for their own political gains . 
  so i am blunt : are you , by chance , a fascist ? 
   then they ca n't hold any more start forcing and bitching about not taking `` their share '' . 
  we can hold a lot more . 
  the quota system is for the benefit of italy , spain and greece . 
  eventually , the ee will have to learn that if you want the benefits of eu memberships ( and , let 's be honest : it 's money , money , money ) , it has to carry some of it 's burdens . 
  noone needs parasites in the middle to long term . 
   i rather see united european army and navy to protect external eu border sure . 
  conscription office opens at 9 . 
  how many migrants are you willing to personally murder ? 
  do you need a gun , or will a knive do ? 
   from further ngo human trafficking . 
  another one of those right-wing nutjob theories . 
  buy a low-end model : vote with your wallet . 
  i would argue the reason the eu is behind in technology is too much regulation on the national and supranational level . 
  just like this one . 
  the question is if we want to live in some kind of digital stone age forever . 
  just buy some junk from china , it 's as modular as it gets . 
  the options are available , just noone wants them . 
   and then he turns to another stick maker who offers lasting quality . 
  that stick will cost a multiple of the badly-made stick , and the good stickmaker dies from hunger a few years later after everyone has a good stick . 
  so let me compact what we have established up to now : the eu is flawed , because lithuania is unwilling to accept migrants and keep them in place , so they flow back into other eu countries . 
  sounds like the eu is not flawed , lithuanian membership is . 
  actually , we do have the residenzpflicht here , and violations against that can mean jail . 
  this may be a model for lithuania . 
  i suspect them fleeing your place is not unwelcome to you , so you do n't actually enforce such a rule should it exist . 
  we do n't know what le pen might do . 
  i trust that the french economic advisors would have a word with her if she made that kind of decision . 
  just like polish economic advisors had a no-nonsense talk with the pis . 
  sounds less like a problem with the eu and more a problem with lithuanian policing . 
  there is a reasonable plan we all agreed upon when it comes to the migrant crisis - distribute the migrants all over the eu , in ratio to member states ' economic and population parameters . 
  it is as flawless as it gets . 
  not paying enough , huh ? 
  `` why not invest in eastern poland ? '', 
   we do not have such big nationalistic movement like le pen one . 
  excuse me ? 
  is there another poland i do not know about ? 
   you were paying back the money fine until the wall street crash ,  hitler was n't making any ground until unemployment rose . 
  with excruciating effort , which eventually led to unemployment and general unhappiness . 
  the wall street crash was long after the beer hall putsch , and had very little effect on the inner-german political situation . 
  it was a straw amongst a lot of straws , yes ...  `` which will happen never . '', 
  so you got them cleared ? 
  technically , no . 
  it 's a bit of a greece situation , only we * could * , we just do n't want to . 
   britain had a global empire to fix , west germany had west germany . 
  i would wager there was very little necessary to be done in central india , kenya or canada . 
  yeah , keep believing your propaganda . 
  we rebuilt ourselves , with a small loan out of the marshall fund ( about a third of what the uk got ) . 
  do n't make us responsible for your bad decisions . 
  yeah , nevermind that these `` debts '' were bogus to begin with , and people demanding fantasy money from us was the direct cause for a series of events that cumulated in ww2 to begin with ( and did not stop us from waging war on virtually all the world for five years ) . 
  i guess the world just had learned it 's lesson . 
  we did not get our `` debts cleared '' , we just got an extension until there is a formal peace treaty ... which will happen never . 
  we actually paid * some * reparations and debts for ww1 and finished just five years ago or so . 
  also : the uk got around three times the funds from the marshall plan than we did , so ... 
  then screw the other half and push forward without them .
