  schulz might do better , but corbyn is more interesting . 
  also , the spd is changing chancellor candidates and party leaders more often than other people switch their underwear , so ... any individual is unlikely to `` destroy the party '' . 
  because other than that , there are no real `` achievements '' that can be linked to him . 
  do n't know about my fellow countryfolks , but i consider to be `` a dry alcoholic '' to be an achievement that i can respect . 
  yep . 
  schr\u00f6der did what was necessary , but caused the spd to become a fringe party in the process , and merkel waltzed in to reap the fruits of his work . 
  talk about tragic heroes . 
  5 who count , two who are basically forgotten , one the spd particularily want to forget , one who is currently doing well . 
  mostly related that we know what to expect from merkel ( inaction and stability , `` she 's not doing too terrible '' ) , and not what to expect from schulz ( most germans do n't know him , those who do think of a dry alcoholic without abitur and with no outspoken political agenda ) . 
  think of schulz as corbyn , without the exciting party-internal putschs . 
   i find gassing the jews uncomfortable , but to each their own i guess technically , gassing jews was at no point in time legal in germany . 
   it 's not religious , it 's a choice . 
  actually , carnival ( or , like we say , fa\u00dfnacht ) is religious . 
  ... thus denying the ksk to move covertly in afghanistan . 
  thanks , merkel !, 
  enough for it to be mentioned on the [ pariser wikipedia disambiguation page ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/pariser ) - if you follow to the condom link , it explains that `` le parisien '' used to be a condom trademark by a french manufacturer , which i guess explains the etymology of the term . 
  fun fact : germans call condoms `` pariser '' ( = citizen of paris ) . 
   a lot of sausage and potatoes he 'll feel right at home . 
  but where does the potato come from ? 
  yep , but that 's a completely different matter , is n't it ? 
   i also want them to have a bold , forward looking vision `` anyone who has visions should go and consult a psychiatrist '' -- helmut schmidt  it 's not enough to catch us up to the us when it comes to innovation not going to happen , regardless of the leadership . 
  we are technophobe risk-avoiders . 
  failing means `` having failed '' here , not `` having learned '' , there are no second chances . 
  capital investments are virtually unknown for startups . 
   it 's not enough when it comes to averting climate change we actively decided we did not want to do that - that 's why we are in the process of shutting down our reactors . 
   and it 's not enough in order to anticipate , ease and prevent the occurrence and impact of crises such as the ones we 've seen . 
  unless we invest in the military * massively * ( not 2 % , but 20 % ) and start actively using it like the americans and the russians do , nothing will be done about averting crises . 
  crises are created because of other people 's military adventures , and the only way to avoid them is to meddle ourselves . 
  do you want a wehrmacht 2.0 ? 
  because that 's what it would take . 
   change is needed because we need forward looking people , people with a vision for the future that goes beyond just trying to maintain and manage the status quo and barely staving off crises . 
  yesterday , we stood at the edge of a cliff . 
  today , we already took a great step forward . 
   i do n't think this has ever been a concern here in germany , at least not in my lifetime . 
  which , of course , is partly related to the fact that we have no real culture of fancy private schools . 
  there are a few here and there , but why become professional politician if you can become ceo of a dax company and earn 30-50 times that amount without having to cater to joe sixpack ? 
   is his lack of official educational qualifications often brought up in public debate in germany ? 
  see it this way : if an alcoholic middle schooler can become chancellor , everyone can make it in this country . 
  i think that is the kind of optimistic outlook germans need right now . 
   allegations actually , historical facts . 
   die linke wo n't be able to do crazy shit in that coalition , actually , smaller parties tend to have disproportional powers in coalitions ( because everyone remembers schmidt and the links is an actual breakaway party to begin with ) . 
  which is scary when you consider they are communists who want to destroy the economy and the very basics of the grundgesetz . 
   the court heard that the boy 's father had been taking photos of the operation and at one point gestured for his son to turn towards the camera . 
    circumcision is a celebrated rite of passage in many cultures and religions . 
    the boy moved according to his father 's instructions and in the process shifted his pelvis just as the surgeon was making an incision . 
  it is hard to blame the surgeon in this , though . 
   though he will have to wait until he is 18 to know if any further procedures on his reattached penis are necessary . 
  which means the kid still has a chance to become a porn star . 
   linke only 15 years after a communist dictatorship that ruined 40 % of the country and set up the single worst surveillance state to ever have existed no sane person would vote that very same party into power again . 
  not even when they promise free money for everyone . 
   the greens autoritarians who want to ban anything that is holy to the common man . 
  abandoned their pacifist ideas by bombing serbia unlawfully . 
  co-authored the agenda . 
  no good options . 
   true enough . 
  germany of course is in economic circumstances where it can not only afford but would be dumb not to spend more money . 
  it 's literally a win-win for everyone in the eurozone , including germany in general , except for those with an ideological commitment to schwarze null . 
  with a rapidly aging population , rising costs to substain our social net and a world whose economic focus is quickly moving towards east asia and automation , the schwarze null is not a dogmatic idol , but an essential survival necessity . 
   using it to feed themselves so they can maintain the ability to function is the only chance they have of not being paupers some day . 
  i agree - but obviously we have differing ideas about what it means to substain a country . 
  sure . 
  but that does not mean everyone should start putting on their spending pants regardless of their economic circumstances . 
  paupers throwing away their little cash leaves them not richer , but poorer . 
  let 's keep mindless spending to countries that can afford it - like oman , or the vae , or brunei . 
   a civil union really does not give the same impression of societal acceptance of your relationship as the word marriage does . 
  i do n't think a society that belittles same-sex civil unions would consider same-sex marriages to be any more meaningful to begin with . 
  and yet , krugman has a fake nobel prize instead of a big wad of cash while germany has an austerity-powered economic surplus ( while non-austere countries are hardly avoiding defaults ) . 
  in the end , success is what counts . 
  there was no trustable left-wing alternative , and people were sick of schr\u00f6der after agenda 2010 ( and his party is not called `` the party of traitors '' for nothing , or merkel would never have gotten to power ), 
   couples with civil unions do n't have the same rights as married couples . 
  actually , very few people marry because they have adoption in mind . 
  it 's more a tradition thing . 
   the pure laws of nature , like austery `` spend less than you earn . 
  suddenly , you have some money left . '', 
  magic ? 
   gay people as a minority have a pretty troubled history in germany after all . 
  the government murdered homosexual men under hitler and after hitler they were put in jail by the thousands . 
  of course , that was not a particularily * german * thing , is it ? 
  ... which actually will take pressure from our social system . 
  no , but unlogical when you already have a legal construct that is essentially the very same thing . 
  she does n't do much , but that amount is pretty predictable . 
  and after the refugee fiasco , she has learned we like her best when she does absolutely nothing . 
  actually , i am kind of fond of the british press . 
  it 's great entertainment and they have clear positions ( unlike the german press which all are essentially the same paper ( notable exceptions : bild and taz ) . 
  the greens would do anything to get into power , especially the bundesgreens . 
  especially allying with the other party that is mostly about forbidding people to do stuff . 
  nah , that 's unlikely . 
    obviously , the same punishment is either not given , or it does n't impress them , maybe because they are being used to worse in their host countries . 
   could you please rephrase this ? 
  if you are used to casual torture and execution for minor infractions , life in a warm , cozy prison is paradise . 
   every westernized country except for the united states have abolished the death penalty and japan . 
   unless you support both of these punishments , and as you stated nationality has nothing to do with this and that you only support the death penalty and not torture , there are no arguments for deportation . 
  if i supported these punishments , i would want them over here . 
  but i am not - so instead of locking the perpretator up for life , i am giving him a chance of life in freedom in a surrounding more suited to his worldview . 
   actually i do get your point . 
  and no you should n't be allowed to be an asshole in your host country without any serious consequences . 
  they should face the same punishment as everybody else . 
  obviously , the same punishment is either not given , or it does n't impress them , maybe because they are being used to worse in their host countries . 
   no person under any circumstance should be executed or tortured by the state ( or anyone else for that matter ) . 
  we disagree on the execution part .
