  seems like phase 1 has already started . 
  did you catch the news ? 
  you noticed the picture where an eu flag was burned alongside ? 
  those guys are eurosceptics . 
   leaving a currency , something that has never happened before meeep , wrong : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latin_monetary_union funniest sentence : greece was ejected from the union in 1908 , for decreasing the amount of gold in their coins . 
  history keeps repeating , it seems . 
   from another angle , what if the rational decision for greece leads the whole eurozone to shreds ? 
  kick greece out , handle the fallout , never do business with them , ever again . 
  think about adding turkey to the eu . 
  also : fyrm . 
  < sarcasm  in my belief system , it 's highly amoral to cut down trees and put toxic colours in it for spreading of petty information . 
  let 's burn down all the newspaper offices < / sarcasm , 
   i was surprised because there was n't such a broad variety ( brand-wise ) as back home hm , i was in my local kaufland half an hour ago , and saw abot 15 differently-branded h-milchs ... maybe your supermarket is too small ? 
   also , my flatmate looked at it as if it were poison , but i think she 's a bit too `` bio '' . 
  so i figured . 
  wifi radiation , :p, 
  to paraphrase a german minister ( of the interior , now he 's the finance guy ) `` if the constitution is incompatible with this law , then we will change the constitution . '', 
  so ... yes , i do believe they are arrogant . 
  just to fill this ... we call it h-milch , and actually it 's the most widespread one . 
  frischmilch is rare and hard to get outside of the rural areas . 
  correct . 
  but berlin has other problems ... 
  in the last 48 months , we have experienced a new form of crowd-based protests , the so-called `` wutb\u00fcrger '' , who , to paraphrase `` network '' , `` is mad as hell and wo n't take it anymore '' . 
  the most visible of these folks : in stuttgart , only a little year ago , the cdu , who ruled the land since it 's creation , ordered riot police to attach senior citizens , the most likely people to vote for cdu , until then . 
  consequentally ( and with a little help from a japanese nuclear power station ) , they not only voted for a different candidate , but for a green one . 
  this is about as close to revolutionary as you get in the land of the beer . 
  police is now seen as an enemy of the people in southwest germany , even by very conservative old folks , and when a bavarian policeman got shot last week in the adjacent bavaria , i heard people here * laughing * . 
  there have been several unprecedented turnoils in our political landscapes in those last two years , and the political establishment becomes very careful about what unpopular measure - and vds is a unpopular measure - will do to election results and internal security . 
  berlin has stalled the new vds law for a reason . 
  a stern look from the eu will do nothing . 
  and if we get another vds , there will likely be a backslash that will echo . 
  this is not about piracy . 
  this is about how the state has no business in knowing whom i write an email to . 
  negative . 
  we have a bverfg decision that what the eu wants is inheriently incompatible with our constitution . 
  more than 50k people were sueing . 
  the pirates now are at 10 % if tomorrow a new bundestag would be elected . 
  we will not comply , and if our politicians betray us , this will become ugly , fast . 
  merkel is intelligent enough not to open a whole new can of wutb\u00fcrger . 
  cd license plates do not carry cd necessarily . 
  in germany , for example , the format is 0 - [ country code ] - [ number of car operated by this country 's diplomats ] [ optional h for historic cars ] [ alphabetic disambugiation character in case of replacement for stolen cars ] e.g. 
  0 - 65 - 1b would be the first car operated by the embassy of indonesia , whose license plates have been stolen twice . 
  other countries will have different rules . 
  do you refer to the cd ( corps diplomatique ) passports ? 
  those have nothing to do with kidnapping , just with not getting bothered by law enforcement . 
   you also payed more for it through your central bank buying other currencies , then you ever will for the eurocrisis ... that was a macroeconomic measure that was of little consequence to the citizens as long as average wealth was increased . 
  now , we pay , with wealth decreasing . 
   no reasonable way ? 
  have you seen the so called ' 6 pack ' measures ? 
  commission can fine misbehaving countries now , and even large countries like france , italy , germany will find it very difficult to stop themselves being so fined if they break the rules . 
  i leave it for you to decide how much sense it makes to apply a monetary fine to someone already deep in debt and `` forced '' to go in deeper . 
   your politicians simply think that in an integrated financial market , it is cheaper and less risky to bailout few large government actors in the end , this will result in said politicians having a hard time getting re-elected . 
  ours have devolved into basically telling us we are too stupid to understand this , and that we would agree if they 'd explain it to us better . 
  that 's not how you win the hearts and minds . 
  in the end , we tend to be rather conservative , and it is hard for us to understand how our politicians could ever have agreed to let countries into our `` economic sphere '' who where instable even when they joined ( i can remember newspaper articles from large , important papers warning about the greek debt situation back when they joined . ), 
   and what unsc seat ? 
  exactly . 
  it is an example on how large our `` influence '' really is . 
   actually , nobody payed a penny for it ; you just gave it guarantees that were it to incur any losses , you 'd cover your proportional share of them . 
  this is wrong . 
  there has been transfered billions of euros , just not out of the esef , yet . 
   your debt level is beyond the required 60 % celebrate , jubilate , while we had real-wages sink while our neighbor 's ones raised , sometimes b 100 % , in the last ten years , and millions of our people being forced to work in jobs that are little more than surviveable . 
  the state has failed it 's basic function : to protect and increase the wealth of its people . 
   but the workers too can go to where the jobs are better payed language barriers exist . 
  very few italians speak hungarian , very few irish speak german , very few britons speak portugese . 
  in reality , this `` free movement of labor '' is n't so free at all , especially considering this will eventually lead to a situation where people will have to move every other years , following companies around . 
   well , the truth of the matter is that either you band together and become a single nation with member states , or the eurozone will eventually collapse , leaving each nation with significantly reduced buying power , reduced global political influence and a regional economy that is in tatters . 
  then let it collapse . 
  we did well with a strong dm , our exports ran nicely , our global influence was bigger than today ( unsc seat , anyone ? ) . 
  what is there to gain for us from paying debts that others have created ? 
  where is the win situation for us ? 
  what do we have to loose mid - to long-term from a massively increased debts with no reasonable way to make the debt-incurring countries behave ? 
  as a german citizen , the last thing i would want is even more flexibility for our companies to take jobs to second-world countries . 
  we paid in jobs , we paid in wages , we paid in tax increases for this esef monstrosity , it 's time to give us a break . 
  we ordinary germans can only lose , again , in such a scenario . 
  i would be the first to riot on the streets if trying to create something like this would even be publically discussed by the people in power . 
  i meant the discussion ( you were n't even able to speak about a name , and you were excluding any existing source because they were `` propaganda '' ) , but let me tell you how this will result in the serbian people becoming less wealthy in the future ... ... it is bad press . 
  why would i want to create a new branch in what appears to work like a rouge state . 
  `` we are building a car factory in north korea '' is pretty efficient anti-advertisement , and by being extreme right-wing and ignoring human rights , your country had become a little bit more like them . 
  even today many westerners ask themselves why we should do business with a country that took years to `` find '' war criminals , and a country that committed acts of genocide only a decade ago and still has not even asked for an excuse . 
  with no foreign investment , and with the fact that there are no real natural ressources in serbia , you ultimately will become a very poor country . 
  just ask your ex-neighbors , the albanians . 
  so , for the peace of mind of not having to look at gay people on the street ( btw : statistically , 10 % of any population are gay ) , you brought your ountry closer to poverty . 
  maybe it 's time to grow up . 
  it is so cute when people try to dance around the issue , knowing they already have lost . 
  so , which dictator 's dirty laundry should i dig out ? 
   vojvodina rings a bell , it 's a province in serbia . 
   i rest my case . 
  see in serbia , we would not restrict routes . 
  we do n't even ban neo-nazi ideology . 
  why do n't you guys respect the rights of the neo-nazi minority ? 
  but we do . 
  they even protest openly within our city centers ( even if the majority of us do n't exactly like them ) . 
   and neither were the gays banned from protesting because of the protesting - but rather because it would stir violence . 
  one is `` getting jailed because you broke a law '' , this is `` being forbidden to do something because it might get other people to commit crimes '' . 
  it 's hardly the same . 
   regardless , my point was not that the state paid for it , but that the state did everything it could to prevent violence . 
  we have about 12,000 policemen in serbia . 
  you think 1/3 of those should protect a one single 100-people protest ? 
  if this is what it takes , maybe the state should start a campaign to lower such costs by educating the public about simple facts , e.g.
