  op wrote like an attack was imminent , and only the guys in the shining stars-and-stripes armor could rescue the poor locals . 
   and even if you take the broader attempt - we still do not have a requirement to be able to react to any potential threat . 
  yeah , keep misquoting me . 
   defence alliances of the kind of nato and the eu were extremely remote at the time where the theories about statehood were written . 
  the eu is not a defense alliance - they added some defense-alliance-like wording recently , and have recently prooven that they all give a rat 's ass about it if bad comes to worse . 
  i am pretty sure there were [ military alliances in the 19th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:19th-century_military_alliances ) , often way more responsible and more reliable than what we have today . 
  i 'm not xenophobic against americans . 
  i just think their leadership often acts before they think , which has unintended consequences . 
   first of all , something of this kind does n't go unnoticed . 
  what ? 
  having some machine parts and a bit of explosives in a military compound ? 
   secondly , i am not aware that the eurofighters are fit for carrying nukes . 
  they are hardened against nbc environments , which indicates they are designed to operate in such environments . 
  now ... why would they be if they are unable to * create * such environments ? 
  of course , we would never admit that . 
   we keep tornados around because they are our only fighter planes capable of carrying the us nukes that are stationed in germany . 
  or so we want everyone to believe . 
   and last but not least , nukes are useless for defense in a narrowly populated country like ours . 
  only if you think saving a large part of the population is a primary objective - also nukes are for deterrence , which only works if you are going to destroy * enemy * cities . 
   this is actually nothing but a weird conspiracy theory . 
  everything a german does not want to consider is a `` conspiracy theory '' nowadays . 
  of course , the urenco centrifuge is being kept around for sentimental reasons - that the company was called nukem before is just a coincidence , and that they still have n't found the five barrels of nuclear material they 've lost in the 1980s does n't raise an eyebrow . 
  rupert scholz was full of shit when he called for officially german nuclear bombs in 2007 - and the french offered us to participate in their arsenal out of pure neighborly friendship instead of preventing us to create our own ...  how is that even comparable ? 
  yeah , it 's not like we are in a * war * or something . 
  a war many of us refuse to accept , but a war nontheless . 
  it 's a natural law that sometimes , some people just blow themselves up . 
  there 's nothing we need to do about that . 
   it would also not make sense . 
  using our fullest capabilities to end isis and other associated extremist groups does not make sense ? 
  we 've been called out - and we have shown that we are unwilling to defend ourselves . 
  there is no such thing as `` european defense '' . 
   none of them is explicitly talking about a requirement to have a bigger army than the biggest possible opponent . 
  which basically invalidates your point . 
  and if you read what i 've written in this thread , you will have a hard time finding such a statement from me . 
  i said that if you lack the power to defend yourself against an aggressor , your statehood is void the moment that aggressor comes for a visit . 
   jellinek talks about the requirement of the government keeping the monopoly on legitimate use of force . 
  jellinek does not talk about `` gewaltmonopol '' , but about `` staatsgewalt '' , which - as you know - is a term that means both power to defend against enemies from without as well as enemies from outside . 
   the existence of a larger army does not cause this . 
  i never claimed otherwise . 
   the theories on statehood are universally viable despite dating back over a century - however this does not mean that modern elements can not be incooperated . 
   but if they are gobbled up somehow , then new ones will become neighbors and so on . 
  that 's true , but then , like i said above , occupation is expensive and eventually , the cost will outweight the gain - that 's when russia will stop . 
  so instead of going insane , all ee seriously can do before the russians will ( and more likely : wo n't ) attack is raising the cost of occupation . 
  poking them with stupid military excercises is not going to do that . 
   the point is we can give a strong message right now , by helping the states who are in danger , and deter further aggression before it becomes the new world order . 
  we can do that . 
  or we can bring our own sheep home so they do n't get lost in the thunderstorm which may - but more likely wo n't - come . 
   i am pretty sure it would start a war with many parties involved maybe , maybe not . 
  i doubt the austrians have many friends who would love to go to a risky war with us for austria 's sake . 
   the serbs did it in their own country , and still got bombed until they stopped . 
  nah , that was not because of the serbs waging war - post-jugoslavs had been doing so against each other for a decade before . 
  it was because the serbs were about to get help from russia ( and indeed , just before the airstrikes , russian tanks magically appeared there ) , and we liked the idea of a nato stronghold in the balkans - a major and historical russian sphere of influence - in what you now know as `` the kosovo '' . 
   i thought that 's what the security council was created for ? 
  ok , it 's not really working as designed , but at least there is intent . 
  the security council is just another group of people who give - and more often do n't give - themselves permission to use force against others . 
  it 's not exactly legitimate . 
   diplomacy plays a more important role than military strength in this age up to around 2014 , i would have agreed . 
  the world has changed , though . 
  the european security architecture , the established post-war rule that borders are not to be changed by military action , does not exist like it did before crimea . 
   austria has a weak military and is not in nato , but you have n't invaded them yet . 
  and why would we ? 
  they have nothing much we want which we can not buy way more cheaply than what an occupation would cost - both directly as well as in lost international reputation . 
   because we have international law that sane states abide by . 
  nah , there is no such thing as international law , there only are agreements , which will be followed as long as they are useful . 
  to have international law , you need an international law-giver and an international law-enforcer . 
  we lack both . 
   in this case , every european country bar france and the uk ( nukes ) are n't states by your definition . 
  the moment they are faced with a vastly superior enemy which calls their ability to defend into question , yes - even though we got a few screwdriver nations around . 
  it would n't surprise me if there is a german bomb disassembled in some bunker somewhere minus the easily-createable physics package - the eurofighter would not make sense if we did n't have that . 
   we are beyond that point , european defence has always been designed in a way of cooperation . 
  we saw how well that worked when france asked for military support in november 2015 in their war against isis . 
  there is no such thing as `` european defense '' - we all are born alone , and we all will die alone . 
   however they did not lose a single bit of their statehood by doing so . 
  instead of willfully misinterpreting what i say , i would counsel you to read up on the currently-accepted theories on what constitutes statehood . 
  we live in the age of the internet , information is freely available . 
  i even linked to the most accepted theory already ... 
   so what ? 
  does that mean there is only one legit nation on this planet ? 
  if that one nation came for everyone elses asses simultaniously , yes . 
   either you have a seriously problematic understanding of human/civil rights statehood is not a human/civil rights issue . 
  it 's an international law issue . 
   so let 's start a war against liechtenstein , to see if we are capable or defending ourselves ? 
  i would guess an average berlin kiez-school would be able to defend itself just fine against liechtenstein alone . 
  unfortunately , liechtenstein is in a military union with switzerland , so ...  we 're allowed to , cause if liechtenstein ca n't defend itself , it has no reason to exist ? 
  pretty much , yes . 
  in the absence of an international leviathan , there is only the law of the stronger one . 
  do n't break the circlejerk . 
  people here do n't want to see reason or learn , they want to rage . 
   why should i get a free newspaper that turns out does n't have any content but only ads ? 
  i do n't know about the situation in france , but i get just such a newspaper in the mail , twice a week . 
  it 's arguabely annoying , but all i need to do is put a small sticker on my postbox , and that stops . 
   if someone sneezes in/on a newspaper it 's his fault , not the editors ' if a third-party ad network gets infected , it 's not the site owner 's immediate responsibility either . 
  so why use third-party ad networks ? 
  because advertising companies wo n't deal with individual , few-thousand-visitors per day websites , it 's too much of a hassle . 
  if you want to take * that * away , you essentially destroy the ability of small operators to monetize . 
   fraudulent ads are not handed out easily because there is legal repercussions for those putting them up . 
  you should probably read some classifieds some day . 
   because we went on to youtube to get away from television 's more ads than content . 
  you do realize that the guys who make videos for youtube have to buy equipment and invest time , and deserve a buck or two for them ? 
  not to mention that youtube has one hell of a bandwith usage they would likely to see paid , not to mention the many people who work hard to keep the service on-line ?
