  draw a line already . 
  robin and me are talking about the mid-1990s . 
  you obviously are talking about the later 1940s . 
  well , what is a nice final goal for one is scorched earth for the next . 
  you mean the problem is politicians actually do have to care what their population wants ? 
  maybe you want a less democratic kind of political leadership ? 
  and here we are again , walking circles . 
   yeah , this meeting has n't been planned for a while . 
  i am pretty sure when it was planned , they already knew there would be a game on this date , and that there was a high probability of this being one the dfb attended . 
   germany refuses the inflation which is a good thing . 
  we worked and saved hard for our wealth , i do n't see why it should be a good idea to destroy it by inflation . 
  we did that stunt once , and it did n't turn out so well . 
  maybe you remember where that lead us to . 
  people call it ww2 ( now * that * was an keynesian economic program , before , during and after hostilities ! ), 
   remember that , `` sick man of europe '' ? 
  even when we were the `` sick man '' , we pulled through , mostly by being careful with what we spent . 
  and even when we were the sick man , we still pushed monies into the eu . 
  all we are asking is people and peoples start to learn some responsibility with their own money . 
  ** edit : 13:00 gmt : the time krattr and his jubelperser come around to bring the stick for dissenting redditors **, 
   i think merkel actually did a good job this time they wisely put this meeting to a date when germans were watching soccer and still are hung over . 
  once we understand what just happened , there will be an uproar - and if now our economy starts to even hiccup ( and that is overdue ) , she will get the blame . 
  which will be interesting for her reelection campaign . 
   my penis works the same say circumcised as it does uncut . 
  and this is where you are mistaken . 
  yes , you can still progenate . 
  yes , you still feel something . 
  you do n't feel everything though . 
   but if parents want it to be done for whatever reason and it does n't cause problems later in life , i do n't see the issue . 
  appendectomies at birth ? 
   i 've yet to find it . 
  here 's a pointer : you do not own your kid . 
  it is not your slave , or toy , or diy-project . 
  it is a human being , in your custody for a few years , and as such , has a right to not get unnecessarily get cut up because for any non-medical reason . 
   you would n't know what you 've missed if you never experienced it . 
  by that logic , you could saw of newborn 's pinkie fingers - they would n't know what they missed as they never experienced the advantages of five functional ones on each hand . 
  medical necessity is something a doctor has to decide upon . 
  doctors who will have to justify expenses to the insurance companies . 
  insurance companies who will gladly attack doctors and can even cause them to lose their approbation . 
  for a second , i was full of hope . 
  then i understood this was about soccer . 
  i can only wish you are happy with crushing my day . 
   without the allies , you would have been eaten up by the soviets and we all saw what they did to your eastern half . 
  awww , nice . 
  the allies needed western germany as a puffer zone to protect france against the soviets . 
  if this puffer zone was well-off or not was mostly irrelevant . 
  we would have rebuilt , sooner or later , with those 19 billions or without . 
   you may think war reparations are stupid but when one country attackers another , particularly without provocation , heh , you really think wars are planned like this ? 
  ww1 was not a war of aggression from any side . 
  reparations were a way to continue hostilities after the armistice . 
  who sows wind ...  just because a few idiots are intellectually dishonest enough to throw the nazi term around in the context of modern day germans [ ... ] you would be surprised how common those idiots are . 
  try living in our shoes for a day or two . 
  it 's not only the net or media , either . 
   it is rather a hegemon of europe that is unwilling to see itself in those terms . 
  excuse me , but in my dictionary , hegemonial power is not an synonym for `` money press '' . 
  sometimes , you have to act responsibly , and we have a very different view on what the responsible reaction to the situation is . 
  this might be related to our view of responible behavior is hurting you a lot ( just like our way hurt us , badly , ten years ago ) . 
  time will tell which of us is right . 
   having finally unshackled yourself from the weight of the past . 
  you know , this is just the reverse nazi card . 
  `` if only the germans would do this or that , they would be an accepted member of the international society again . '', 
  frankly , we have heard this again , and again , and again . 
   germany , sadly , is afraid to be a leader i do n't think it 's being afraid - we just do n't see a benefit from it , for we are to pull the cart out of the dirthole , and when we are finished , the next round of everyone kicking us around begins . 
  we have done this before in the 1970s , when the british needed our help , we have done this with the gdr ( reunification was the single worst error of german post-war history ) , and now we are asked to help what effectually amounts to the whole mediterranean . 
  it will hurt our population , but there 's literally nothing to gain from , only more antagonizing later . 
   the debt and large scale war reparations forgiveness that was more about learning from ones prior mistakes . 
  do you really think we would not have rebuilt without foreign help ? 
  and we would have been back as a threat some twenty to thirty years later . 
  in fact , we were very much a threat in the early 1970s , economically instead of militarily . 
  war reparations are the most stupid things invented by mankind . 
  in war , things get broken . 
  to unilaterally push rebuilding costs to the loosing party is random . 
   you could just as easily been left isolated and surrounded by imbittered and scornful neighbors . 
  actually , we were . 
  and we still are . 
  germany and germans are accepted by the neighboring countries population as long as we open our purse , but once we voice concerns or do not want to pay , it 's 1940 again , and we are the empire of darkness . 
   greece , for all that we suffered and lost , agreed to forego their claims against germany that 's funny considering your politicians are not getting tired of claiming we still are owing your money ( which , in fact , we are not . 
  you shall get your cash once there 's a peace treaty ) . 
   [ marshall plan fairytale ] unfortunately , that 's not the reason why we were included in the marshall plan ( which , btw , gave us ~ 19 billion euros in today 's money , which is laughably little compared to esm and esef ) . 
  the reason we got rebuilt was a ) to support american production ( because we only were allowed to buy american goods with those monies ) , and b ) because it was clear that should a ww3 start , germany was a primary battlefield , and a well-off , well-armed germany which is allied is useful to us interests . 
  there was little morals , nor solidarity involved . 
   if it was 1/2 the price then it would suddenly become very in demand in germany . 
  feta is 79 eurocents/250 grams right now . 
  i do n't think we would eat twice as much feta if it was 39 cents . 
  nowhere in the world are food prices as low in comparison to income than here ...  this can be applied to everything . 
  sure . 
  show me the world-class greek carmaker . 
  tell me which smartphone cyprus produces , or italy . 
  or - for that matter - spain . 
  sure , there are rare luxury food products that come in mind , but those are not bought more because of a lower price either . 
  champagne will not become a proletarian 's drink just because it 's price decreases . 
   there 's no reason to make something at home if it can be made cheaper abroad . 
  we value quality . 
  for everything else , we have china . 
   are you ready for a thatcherite reform in germany ? 
  you 're overdue one . 
  fun fact : we are in one ever since 1990 . 
  so , pray , what is the industrial output of greece ? 
  what but vacation do you have to offer us ? 
  ( and vacationing you pretty much shot yourselves by playing the nazi card on us . 
  we do n't like to party where we are treated in hostility . ),
