   the problem is germany 's already heading towards a recession anyway . 
  moving to a stronger currency will just push the whole economy over the edge . 
  are germans really prepared to fuck their own economy up like that ? 
  of course i can only speak for myself , but it is a common view in the german population that we have been in an economic crisis since the mid-90s , and that any boom times only benefitted the industry , but not the population . 
  in fact , our real wages have been consistently diminished in the last twenty years . 
   well , perhaps greece could have been saved half a year ago if decisive action had been taken . 
  and what makes you believe we will see decisive action in spain ( where the youth is on the streets and strikes are just around the corner ) or italy ( which is almost synonymus with `` nepotism '' and `` corruption '' ? 
  better play it safe and let them crash . 
   but , if they are n't , i ca n't see how we will exit this recession for the foreseeable future . 
  by doing what we can do best , of course . 
  working hard . 
  selling top engineering to the non-eu world . 
  being innovative . 
  keeping the fuck out of other nations military adventures . 
  the eu has to learn to be a community of innovators , not only a group of states who give each other monies to help farmers . 
  1 ) i agree this will be a short-term effect . 
  on the other hand , german exports worked perfectly well under the relatively strong mark , and after a while , we will manage to balance this effect . 
  2 ) half a year ago , we were told greece could be saved , now they are insolvent . 
  spain and italy are - they tell us - saveable . 
  i am not a political economist , but i have my doubts . 
  1 ) no 2 ) i think there will me a schism between a `` north euro '' and a `` south euro '' , with open interchangability . 
  3 ) i see the former jugoslavian states joining, 
  ah , the eu parliament , where politician carreers go to die . 
  how does it feel getting constantly ignored and ridiculed by the eu organs that are really in power ? 
  i know this might be unpopular , but there are other aspects of the european union where some countries do extremely much , and others do little and reap the benefits . 
  the esef comes to mind . 
  even if we had a european border police ... how would that help solve the lapedusa problem , for instance ? 
  should we start to sink refugee ships in the mediterranean ? 
  for `` common '' scenarios , the local police forces are quite enough , and where they are n't , simple , heightened awareness should do the trick . 
  subsidiarity principle at its finest . 
  yes sir !, 
  all cheer to the european forces , sir !, 
  germany can live without the eu , but can the eu survive without germany ? 
  from a civil rights perspective , the eu has been a desaster for us germans . 
  it 's time to pull the break before worse happens . 
  such as a eu controlled paramilitary `` border protection '' unit . 
  let 's not have assumptions of my idea of germany . 
  your comment is relevant for the efficiency of our current border control system ... how ? 
  and your point is ? 
  besides , our borders are very clear . 
  we reserve the right to control anyone , for any reason , within an area between 0 and 30 km from our borders . 
  this does include people who seem like they do n't belong . 
  it 's safe enough for us , thank you . 
  as a proponent of a `` loose union '' , i disagree . 
  our ( german ) system works perfectly . 
  the greek/italian situation is a problem of greece and italy . 
  bulgaria and romania were not allowed into schengen for many reasons , bad border control being only one aspect . 
  the last thing i need is some bully from malta controlled by brussels and another opportunity for my government to diminish my human rights because `` they were against it , but the eu dictated it . '', 
  for instance , see the eu stanza on airport scanning , and ours . 
  no , mostly because i do n't want my state giving away even more souvereign rights to brussels . 
  we have a system that works well . 
  why change what is not broken ? 
  without being an expert in iceland politics , vigd\u00eds finnbogad\u00f3ttir comes to mind . 
  let 's keep this discussion in english for the sake of our non-german readers . 
  * merkel is considered a puppet with little own power , who got into real politics because kohl both needed an east-german person and a woman in his cabinet . 
  `` kohl 's girl '' . 
  * she was not able to convince her own party to set her up for the 2002 elections and had to cede to stoiber , a politican with obviously no chances . 
  she only became chancellor because of a failed political stunt by the then-governing spd chancellor schr\u00f6der . 
  * she has frequent trouble to keep her ministers in check , and outrightly * flees * abroad to not have to deal with internal politics . 
  * when the shit hits the fan , she relies on low-ranking young `` charismatic '' ministers and the backing of the bild tabloid ( see , for reference , the kunduz affair , or the more recent gorch fock thing ) . 
  those talents are quickly dropped once their regularily shady business comes to light . 
  * merkel has lived in an ideal coalition for the last two years ... without achieving any of her goals . 
  to the contrary , in her era , she even managed to loose baw\u00fc , the only land that was a black bastion since it 's inception , and her coalition partner gets kicked out of parliament after parliament . 
  * eu politics : take a look at a spanish newspaper and see how she brought herself into a position hated both by the eu and her own citizens . 
  and about the intelligence part ... well , intelligence can be defined as `` learning from mistakes '' . 
  lets just agree her track record is not that stellar . 
   strong , independent , intelligent , and powerful woman if you 'd follow german politics , you might have noted that she is neither strong , nor independent , nor powerful . 
  wheter she is intelligent is debatable . 
  i sense a certain reluctance to bail out the italians , should the need arise . 
  on the other hand , he does have a point here . 
  dear open europe think tank , the ruling is not about making saving the eu easier . 
  it is about making sure the process is constitutionally sound . 
  we will not have a constitutional crisis just because of bad budgetary policy of someone else . 
  then let me phrase this a little more blunt : whatever that woman proposes is sure not to have the support of the government she is a part of . 
  she regularily talks about such ( as we think : rather crazy ) ideas to not be forgotten by the media . 
  some perspective ... von der leyen is a failed family minister who tried to create internet censorship laws . 
  a clear nutjob , only kept because her dad was prime minister of niedersachsen . 
  i do not see what makes sound fiscal policy into hysteria . 
  it 's about time we pull the emergency brake before our european partners pull us down with them . 
  france has no major stock market , the states , britain and germany do . 
  such a tax would hurt theory banking sectors far more than it would the french . 
  this is like a tax on professional bike racing , which would hurt france disproportionately . 
  this idea is not gon na fly . 
  even mentioning it is a waste of money . 
  you could call it ... the british empire . 
  most of them already accept the windsors as their heads of state , and the others are likely easily coaxed into it , especially the us . 
  * sarcasm off *, 
  the guy was secretary of the interior , and advocated massive `` security '' laws that would have basically censored the net , built surveillance everywhere and installed a mandatory trojan horse on every single computer [ 1 ] . 
  maybe it was a bad idea to put the victim of an assault into charge of the police . 
  see : `` stasi 2.0 '' we were * more * than happy when he was put into the finance ministry , where he at least seems to make sense . 
  [ 1 ] well , later it got watered down to a trojan horse that would have to be included into the computer should the need arise . 
  wow , sch\u00e4uble , really ? 
  time to check my moral compass . 
  i do n't get pessimistic outlooks such as this one . 
  life goes on , with or without greece , with or without the euro . 
  just lay back and watch what 's happening . 
  i suppose it 's a lot like what we saw in spain earlier : no real demands but for heads on spikes . 
  which might be a healthy thing from time to time . 
  so if i do n't want next-to-naked bodybuilders with neongreen hats humping each other in a `` political demonstration '' to a lady gaga song on a public street , i am now suddenly homophobic ? 
  i should mention this homophoby to my gay friends .
