  conscripts are mostly cannon fodder , anyways . 
  or they could start working on friendly neighborly relations ( looking at your flag here ) . 
  three thousand years of constant hostilities between greeks and neareasterners should be enough to think about the use of conflicts . 
  or they could just accept that they are - de facto - unable to hold their territory and thus are not a state at all . 
   as long as the time in conscription is strictly limited `` until death '' is a strict limitation . 
   non-discriminatory ( so no black people picking cotton ) number of european countries conscripting women : 0  humane slavery is never humane . 
   it is just another societal obligation , much like taxation or obeying the law is . 
  you will make a great untertan , citizen . 
  is there , really ? 
  if i go and enslave a black person to pick me some cotton for only a year , that 's a-ok ? 
  yeah , i want you go and try bribing the german zoll . 
  these guys * glee * at the thought of making your life miserable . 
  i will once i got data ( and not just word of mouth ) . 
  notice the little `` shall '' in there ? 
  yes , in legalese , words have exact meanings . 
  [ actually , the eu itself does not list that as an option ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457 ) . 
  any stay in a member country has to be job related . 
  some member states choose to close both eyes and let self-sufficient eu citizens live there without seeking employment , but that 's not based on our civil rights . 
  i must have outdated information then . 
  6 past 6 ? 
  damn gouda-people , never being punctual ... 
  actually , the syrian involvement is highly unpopular in russia . 
  putin is straining his popularity bonus here . 
  technically , as the eternity clause in art . 
  79 is not protected by itself , it takes a two-stage process ( three if you want to reinstate the eternity clause ) . 
  it 's not impossible , but a hassle . 
  well , the comparison to `` football fields '' is useless to begin with . 
  for starters , football field specifications range from 4050 m ^ 2 to 12000 m ^ 2, 
   are germans ok with this ? 
  there 's the public face which shows approval and `` welcome culture '' , claiming any anti-immigrant outburst is just neonazis acting up . 
  ... and there 's the hidden face , growing discontent , with the immigrants , with the political leadership , with the austrians ( who started just shuttling immigrants to our borders with busses - an without registration , `` it 's your problem now '' ) ... 
  i would not be surprised if this was the final nail for `` germany as a friendly , lovely country '' . 
  actually , for a long time , we did n't , or at least not in the numbers that were arriving . 
  this changed last saturday , though . 
  could take some cleaning and some home improvement , but honestly , that 's not * too * bad . 
  ... especially since slavery through conscription * is * a reason to grant asylum in the case of african countries . 
  not as long as he wants , but as long as he is seeking or holding employment . 
   that 's a lot of people , but it is only a few percent of the 700 million in europe . 
  yeah , only these people do n't go to poland , or spain , or ireland . 
  i know a company the next town over which considers itself `` weltmarktf\u00fchrer '' - in the one product only they produce . 
  if you take a small enough slice , eventually , you will be better at it than anyone else . 
  there is stuff even you are better at than nasa . 
  ... and no budget . 
  honestly , it 's ridiculous what esa has done in relation to the eu 's financial firepower as compared to every other space agency out there . 
  well , thanks to the embargo , i can imagine it 's difficult to get a rental car ... 
  that 's still better than some of the stuff we got ( with high variation between schools ) . 
  which is the reason why kebab shops flourish around schools . 
   also how about benefits for the kids like cheaper ( free ? ), 
  school food actually , school food in germany is usually * more * expensive than home-cooked . 
   exactly . 
  living on hartz iv in germany ( calculator ) is better than how the average employed people live in hungary . 
  by absolute numbers , without taking into effect different price levels or standard of living . 
  hm , munich must have changed a lot since i last have been there , five years or so ago . 
  but then , i usually keep out of hasenbergl . 
   wish france/germany & uk would leave the internet alone . 
  amen to that , brother . 
  i do get your point , but i would still love to know where in bavaria you have seen a noticable amount of burqua-wearers . 
   saying this about southern germany ( bavaria ) i would love to know which part in bavaria has more burqa-wearers than the average banlieue . 
   it has no relevance today , and its power even during its height was questionable . 
  and yet , shouting `` unamerican '' is still a pretty good way to assassinate a character . 
   but if you refuse to accept a court 's decision freisler would approve . 
   find me one person who was killed expressly because they were anti-drone . 
  moving goalposts , are we ? 
   why risk real american lives when you can just risk the well being of a robot ? 
  there is this thing called `` war crime '' , and people did and do get executed for committing them . 
  think about that . 
   america never abolished the death penalty at the federal level . 
  i was talking about turkey - but it 's nice you mistake a country on a level just about to dip into autocratic rule with your home turf . 
  also , it is telling that even turkey , a second-world country at best , was at one point in time more civilized than the us . 
  you are aware that airplanes are usually much , much smaller than navy ships , usually are a lot faster and have the ability to become missing over a larger area ? 
   no , i 'm implying that we elect representatives not to do what the majority wants at any given point , but to direct policy in a certain way after careful consideration of the pros and cons . 
  so , a caste of f\u00fchrers then . 
  of course , we should have learned by now that we vote for what representatives * say * they want to do , just to find out again and again that what they actually do afterwards is completely different . 
  why should public opinion on singular issues be somehow magically be more shit than when it comes to what representatives to vote for ? 
   which for good or for worse is what democracy means nowadays . 
  actually , no , we call that `` representative democracy '' , which had very little to do with actual democracy . 
  [ sure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_earth_observation_satellites#turkey ) ... just like pretty much every country that is not considered third world . 
   usa beer is probably the best in the world . 
  hahahahahahaha ... sure . 
  you need to go out more . 
  you can not just hide a navy ship . 
  they 've got satellites nowadays . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/pruy1ikilcy?t=1m28s ), 
  [ here you are ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/thema/messerattacke_in_grafing ), 
  well , i think anyone who attacks civilians has mental problems - that includes every single jihadist , regardless of skin colour . 
  that white guy should be prosecuted as a terrorist . 
  are you implying that people need an official person to tell them what they are allowed to think ? 
  we could call him/her leader or something ... 
  feel free to . 
  i hope you wo n't find out that parliaments give a rats ass about singular issues . 
  i know that when systems become closed down , historically , people have started to innovate . 
  we have seen that with the darknet , and we will see it again . 
  it 's not hope , it 's extrapolating former events into the future . 
   how is it fair to waste his life by putting him in prison when there 's tiny chance that judge is wrong ? 
  it is n't - but differently from a noose , you can set a prison sentence right . 
   by putting someone innocent in jail they suffer irrevesable damage and their life is wasted . 
  sure ... but by far not as irreversible as death is . 
  actually , i think the next big thing will come once net neutrality has died - people need to have a certain amount of suffering before they start innovating . 
   you abandon the ship before the battle has started . 
  actually , we 're fighting this battle ever since 2004 or so .
