  we get those anyway ... so let 's make italy pay up . 
   manpower and equipment , and italy does n't have enough of those to `` just turn them away '' if thailand and malaysia can do it in the indian ocean , then italy can do it . 
  you could argue that having a mediterranian coastline comes with benefits ( fishery , tourism ) as well as risks ( illegal immigration ) . 
  if we paid for the immigration problem , do we get a share of the monies generated by the benefits as well ? 
  there is no such thing as unreasonable amount of force in germany . 
  `` recht muss dem unrecht nicht weichen '' - the notwehrparagraph does not speak about proportionality . 
  you may use * any * suitable means to stop a unlawful attack on your rights , you do n't first have to consider what the least amount of force you can wield is . 
  but the courts are * very * clear about this . 
  it would be a-ok in germany , because right does not have to make place to injustice . 
  in fact , she would have been allowed to use deadly force against this guy . 
   on november 23 , 2011 , then-president dmitri medvedev again said that russia may deploy iskander tactical missiles in the kaliningrad region as part of russia 's reaction to the united states ' reformulated missile shield plans . 
  your link disagrees with my quote ... how ? 
  i have yet to see one of those . 
  they must be rather rare . 
  so ... how much did you actually go over ? 
  * very * theoretically . 
  if stores really cared about time at checkout , we would have self-checkout systems like we see in the states already . 
   they do not do it so efficiently as the german with their lines in the glasses you should n't fill over . 
  the lines originally were intended so that barkeeps would n't cheat the customers by filling the glasses * under * them , thus shorting them out of a few percents of beverage . 
   heck , they are even hauled back and forth around europe to keep the backsides local , if it were n't for that they 'd be completely intermixed , by now . 
  i thought the whole point in having nationalized backsides was for them to become intermixed ... do you have a source for that ? 
   `` value '' ftfy . 
  there 's no value in time you are not being paid for . 
  your life does not get better if you leave the supermarket a second earlier in exchange for a minimal amount of lost money . 
   the rounding its done after everything is added together you do n't round per items . 
  in an ideal world , yes . 
  but that 's not how retailers think in germany . 
  hell , i did it work for a retailer these last few years , they got all giddety when this thing came up . 
  so you think taxes will be * lowered * because we stop minting some coins ? 
  yeah , sure . 
   but if you consider the time you spent driving there and back , you are in the end losing money , because your time is more valuable than the hard cash you are saving . 
  ah , the opportunity cost fallacy . 
  actually , for most of us , time is rather worthless . 
  you are not going to increase earning if you leave the supermarket two seconds earlier every time . 
  you know you have reached the turning point in language learning when you start understanding puns  congratulations . 
   if you are purchasing 40 $ of groceries and they round up always , at most you are losing 4 cents per purchase if the merchants are being dishonest . 
  if i am buying 40 $ worth of groceries , that 's around 30 items . 
  30 * 2,5 cents loss on average is 0,75 $ loss . 
  which is considerate and essentially a hidden 2 % price raise . .  and besides it should be set per law how the rounding goes that will * never * happen . 
   and anyway , as pointed out already , this all its only if you pay cash , if you pay with credit card you get marked the exact amount . 
  there 's * one * rather expensive supermarket chain in germany which actually accepts credit cards . 
  paying with plastic is more common , but highly discouraged by merchants ( and some even refuse to accept them for smaller purchases ( < 10 $ or so ) ) . 
   it 's also not how it would go . 
  .01 , .02 , .06 and .07 are rounded down . 
  .03 , .04 , .08 and .09 are rounded up . 
  in a perfect world , yes . 
  in germany , though , merchants have prooven repeatedly to be crooks . 
  most likely the item prices will be changed , and traders will do the rounding up * there * - if all the items on the shelves have prices ending with 5 or 0 , there is no need to round later . 
  in that scenario , there also would be no benefit of paying `` passend '' . 
  then maybe your merchants are more honest than ours . 
   ( when was the last time you used a one cent coin ? ), 
  saturday night , paying for bread rolls , i paid the 3,78 $ in a manner that included three one-cent coints . 
   repositories of disease actually , [ copper is about as antimicrobal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antimicrobial_properties_of_copper ) as it gets . 
  you wo n't get infected by a jar of pennies - and you can always just return them to the store to pay with exact change , or carry them to your bank to have them recirculated and their value being put onto your bank account . 
  `` wer den pfennig nicht ehrt , ist des talers nicht wert '' ( roughly translated : he who does not value the penny is not worthy of the pound ), 
   no it will not no one pays with pennies anyway . 
  i do n't know how the situation is in your country , but over here , people often pay `` passend '' - with exact change . 
  exact to the cent . 
   you will save millions by not printing them and melting existing ones for other coins . 
  they save * the state * money - their abolition will make * the citizen * pay between one and four cents more * per item * , * forever * . 
  this will be * really * unpopular . 
   in november 2008 , then-russian president dmitry medvedev stated in his first state of the nation speech that russia would deploy iskander missiles to russia 's western district of kaliningrad `` to neutralize , if necessary , a nato missile defense system . '', 
  however , on september 17 , 2009 , us president barack obama announced the cancellation of the us missile defense project in poland and the czech republic.following the announcement , on september 26 , medvedev stated in a press conference that he would in turn cancel the plans to deploy iskander missiles to kaliningrad . 
  according to the stratfor.com e-mails leaked by wikileaks , there are a number of iskander brigades operational . 
  the leaked stratfor.com e-mail was dated 13 december 2009 :   on september 29 , 2009 , the russian military announced plans to set up an extensive network of iskander missiles throughout the country as part of the broader military reforms underway . 
  according to now discharged general vladimir boldyrev , iskander systems would be stationed in every defense district in russia , but not in kaliningrad . 
  on november 23 , 2011 , then-president dmitri medvedev again said that russia may deploy iskander tactical missiles in the kaliningrad region as part of russia 's reaction to the united states ' reformulated missile shield plans . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9k720_iskander#deployment_and_combat_history do you have better information ? 
   i am referring to your views that appeasing russia at every opportunity is always the right path for you . 
  not at every opportunity . 
  just at those opportunities that have a chance of increasing the chance of an unwinnable war on our turf . 
  yeah , because it will just be another chance for retailers to raise prices ( noone really believes they 'd actually round mathematically ) . 
  in the end , it 's going to be another teuro event ( back in 2002 , some retailers did n't change the prices , just the currency symbol , to rake in some extra profits ) . 
  burnt children avoid fire . 
   ... germany was advocating for acession of these `` third world '' states to nato and eu . 
  i never claimed our political caste was acting in our interest , did i ? 
  i am aware of the original origin of the term `` third world '' . 
  it is generally understood as `` poor countries in the state of failing or already having failed '' nowadays , though . 
  you are mixing cause and effect . 
  the russians started putting their missiles here only * after * the us and poland decided to set up missiles near the polish-russian border . 
  they offered to stop if nato would do the same , nato did n't , so here we are . 
   your journalists ( i think that was spiegel ) were writing several years ago that german territory is in range of these iskanders . 
  which is unfortunate - what also is unfortunate is that we are host to a few primary targets with the many us bases on our soil . 
  it would be wise to rid ourselves from that risk . 
  seriously , stop doing drugs . 
  by now , your writing does not even relate to the discussion anymore . 
  oh , we know russia is spying from us ... but then , we have n't been too friendly with russia in the past , it 's kinda expected . 
  pray , tell me ... what do you consider espionage to be ? 
  the us way of saying hello ? 
  segregation might have been a bit too heavy a word , but russians in the baltics seem to be actively and officially discriminated against , particularily when it comes to citizenship and language rights . 
  people will not suddenly become democrats if you destroy their political party . 
  they will reorganize and go underground , where they are harder to track . 
  the actual observation of basic human rights - even towards idiots - and the avoidance of becoming fascist by fighting fascists is only an added benefit . 
  actually , these people are germans . 
  we did not make the same mistake the baltics did and segregated them . 
  i see you have choosen your username wisely , given you are unable to give your reasoning why it is not an extremely dangerous situation when you put armies right next to potentially hostile territory . 
   belarus is not in eu , sherlock . 
  oh , moving targets . 
  i love that game . 
  you just spoke about estonia being european , not eu .
