  well , is it that bodily integrity is taken seriously , or is it that us prisons concentrate their efforts on punishment while eu prisons are about reeducating prisoners ? 
  k\u00f6rperverletzung im affekt ... three years , tops , on probation if they have not been serial criminals before ... if they get caught . 
  which is unlikely . 
  if they have their passport , they have to accept them . 
  land on their airport and leave them on the tarmac . 
  well , i sure would like to vote in uk elections . 
  and turkish ones . 
  and us american ones . 
  i ca n't , because no dual citizenship . 
  it 's discrimination , considering people with dual citizenship can . 
   but are very much born here . 
  as we both know , germany is a * ius sanguinis * country , which means we do n't give a rat 's ass if someone happens to be born here , it 's the ancestry that counts . 
  most of young muslims in germany do get the choice if they want to keep their turkish nationality , or have the german one . 
  if they want to keep the turkish one , then i do n't care if they never spent a day outside of kreuzberg : deport them if they become criminal . 
   quick question : do you europeans too see a majority of americans as stupid ? 
  bible belt . 
  enough said . 
  it is sad to see a country with so much potential getting lost in discourse about bronze-age skymen 's wishes on someone 's sexuality . 
  i pity any of the few sane us americans for that kind of countrymen . 
  sometimes , things get worse before they get better - and good signs are there : greece 's credit rating increased only two weeks ago because of austerity measures , not because they continued to spend like drunk sailors . 
  you do not need to - but then you better do not complain when real eu member countries solve problems . 
  sure . 
  also the egypt forces fighting against mubarak in the last years , the guys who fought ghaddafi , and every freedom-fighter on the world , everywhere . 
  including the anti-assad forces in syria . 
  spd or cdu are two signs of the same coin - they do not differ that much in their views . 
  still , i would prefer steinbr\u00fcck , for the simple reason that he has prooven that he is a do-er instead of procrastinator merkel . 
   i do n't know anything about excel apart from that it has columns and rows where you can put data in and sometimes these formulas . 
  then you know more than 80 % of my coworkers in a retail store backoffice management building who have to calculate all the time . 
  i have seen people enter values into cells , then add them on a desk calculator , and write the result into the next cell . 
  you are projecting your results and experiences onto everyone , but that just does not work . 
  i am a software developer - but not everyone has to know how to build motors , for some people it is sufficient to know how to drive . 
  actually , everyone learns calculus ( = word/excel ) , but not everyone learns integral calculus ( = programming ) - and if you graduate to integral is partly related in how well you understood basic math . 
  what you want is to first give little kids matrices and vectors and teach them the little 1 * 1 in trade school ... 
  ah , the common misconception that everyone is mentally in the league for programming . 
  frankly , no , they 're not . 
   70 % of the people are too stupid to use even basic functionality . 
  i had a coworker last month who thought `` trash '' would be a wonderful place to archive his emails in outlook ( and got super pissy when trash was being emptied , for he lost about three years worth of old emails ) . 
  most jobs do not need programming skills or own tools . 
  most jobs need applicable software skills , like basic excel and word . 
  teach them how to use these , and who is not able to understand things like basic spreadsheet formulas you do not have to teach programming . 
   you can not make a monetary union while only thinking on germany it 's in their oath of office : '' ... dem wohle des deutschen volkes widmen , seinen nutzen mehren , schaden von ihm wenden ... '' ( ... for the benefit of the german people , increase it 's assets , prevent damages from it ... ) . 
  note how it does not specify the greek , the british or the finnish people . 
  goddamit , do it already . 
  every single day since the 1970 the same shit . 
  either you want to sit on the adult 's table , uk , or you do n't . 
  be an eu citizen . 
  no other requirement to settle in any other eu country . 
  what you fail to address is the fact that up to about 1975 , citizens had very little chance to flee to another country with similar standard of living and lower taxes . 
  today , they have . 
  using historical high tax rates to support higher taxation today is like using historical records of the black death to support witch burnings today . 
  times have changed , it 's not feasible . 
  from a newspaper located in a country that was bailed out in the 1970s , but still does not feel like participating . 
  the uk could just put their money where their mouth is instead of complaining all the time . 
  thank you for so eloquently informing me that i accidentally words . 
  by that logic , when a millionaire buys a fiat punto , it should not be 9000 $ , but 900000 $ . 
  make street useage payable by a yearly fixed fee if you think everyone should pay . 
  a fee equal for everyone . 
  actually , mfs , with a few modifications and hardware add-ons , is a pretty decent simulator , and smaller flight schools use simulators built around mfs . 
   if a future employer decides to use a certain office suite , for example , it 's up to him to train his employees adequately . 
  that 's none of the school 's business . 
  of course , the easier idea is to mandate prior knowledge ( which few people will have ) , and leave ( it to ) it to fix the problems caused . 
  thank you very much for having trained the next generation of ms-word analphabets . 
  as someone who used linux exclusively for years ( and stopped doing so two years ago ) : they are wrong . 
  if you want your kids to have an education useable in the marketplace , they need to be trained in ms office . 
  not office , ms office . 
  no , libreoffice and alike are not even close to the microsoft one in usability and useage . 
  yes , you can lower licence cost ( and maybe even tco ) with opensource software . 
  but you will also render the exercise less worthwhile . 
  they should change it to this . 
  way more awesome than good old beethoven . 
  the bigger picture , however , is `` bailout , bailout , bailout . '', 
  unfortunately , i have to say `` thank the heavens '' for noone caring about the datenschutzbeauftragter , mainly because he seems like a straw man - he can do * nothing * , and he does n't even care about the massive privacy invasions by the state itself . 
  who cares about pseudonyms in facebook if you have to provide fingerprints for a passport that sends information over rfid ? 
  technically , hartz4 is not unemployment assistance , it * is * social welfare . . 
  that mostly is because the bureaucrats putting their stamps under the hartz4 applicatoins are actively trying to make those who are dependant on those payments living hell . 
  : * they write letters with dates from two weeks ago , and if you do not answer the very day it is in your postbox ( which often is impossible ) , they can limit your payments to nothing . 
  * they once striked out payments for a 20-something woman because she refused to take a job offer in a brothel . 
  * they give stupid and repetetive `` educational '' seminars , there have been people who have attended their 20th job application seminar . 
  ohen of the seminars they now provide is targeted at academics and should teach them how to act like `` real men '' ( no , i am not making that up ) . 
  in effect , the problem for the most part is not hartz4 , but the hartz4 bureaucracy who diminishes your self-worth to nothing . 
  actually , the so-called 1-euro-jobs no longer exist , mostly because the effect they wanted to achieve did not happen . 
  they now get `` just '' their 360 $, 
  to me , it sounds a lot like gerrymandering . 
  i might be the only one who thinks like that in / r/europe , but i think of erasmus ( aka : we pay for your kids to get drunk in another university town on the other side of the eu ) as a massive waste in ressources , bith in the host country ( = worse chance for local students to get affordable housing and free places in the auditorium ) and in the country the foreign student comes from ( = clerical costs ) . 
  if a student really does benefit from a semester in another country ( e.g. 
  can work on a research project or is studying a foreign language ) , then it is acceptable ( and can be paid for by specialist organisations ) . 
  but `` hey , let 's spend half a year abroad for the sake of it '' does not cut it . 
   the gulf war is an unambiguous example of a post-wwii war won by the us . 
  there have been three gulf wars , neither having been a decisive victory for allied troops . 
   we also won the recent libyan intervention . 
  a few pilots dropped a few bombs . 
  without a mission target and given the fact that you managed to make libya a melting pot for islamist extremists in only half a year , putting up the `` mission accomplished '' banner is rather cynical . 
   first you were wrong about america not winning any wars since wwii . 
  obviously , we have very different definitions of `` winning a war '' . 
  if the original regime is still in place after you decide to go home , if nothing of consequence has changed , if both sides do claim victory , then it is not a won war . 
   also , the notion that the us `` broke '' the balkans is very ignorant . 
  that region has been in conflict for hundreds of years . 
  correct ... but us presence was not exactly something that stabilized the situation - and military superheroism like bombing chinese embassies or strafing civilians on a bridge with f-16 's ... that 's a level of incompetence that would make us wish you would just start wars on your continent . 
  again , you obviously know the wrong beggars . 
  hell , in munich i knew a fellow student who did not get baf\u00f6g and instead begged at the main station for three hours a day .
