  that implies they have anything we actually want . 
  we can only eat so much feta ( and even that comes from the netherlands , meaning if we really want it , we will make it ourselves ) . 
  rip . 
  i remember the day btx ( our deformed , crippled brother to minitel ) died in 2007 . 
   instead of being stopped , it will just be driven underground , where the children will be put in more danger we have a series of mandatory kids medical evaluations in most l\u00e4nder ( the others are planning to make them mandatory ) . 
  if parents miss it , the youth social service ( jugendamt ) gets alerted ( they succeed more often than they fail ) . 
  you ca n't hide this kind of crime . 
  if you talk about `` imaginary deities '' , do n't you accept some deities are not imaginary ? 
   i prefer to sacrifice privacy than execute potentially innocent people . 
  that 's because you are an enemy to civil rights and personal freedom . 
  what you are planning to do is an orwellian surveillance system . 
  thank you , but no thank you . 
   also , if there is no tracking system , how will anyone prove your guild or their innocence ? 
  in a free country , a bailiff has to proove your guilt . 
  if he ca n't , you go out of the court freely . 
   also , executing tax evaders ? 
  really ? 
  come on !, 
  better rid the country of a few leeches than destroying civil rights for everyone . 
  yay , so papa state knows when you buy fatty food , and give that information to health insurers , info on train tickets to get even more information where you are and where you will be , and datamining ( is away from home , buys flowers and an expensive dinner , plus a double bedroom , wife has bought groceries at home ) for the local secret service ... nope . 
  if you want to limit tax evasion , destroying privacy is ** not ** the solution . 
  public execution of tax evaders is ( short trial , mandatory death sentence if guilty , no chance for a retrial ) . 
  heh , as a german : good luck with that . 
  we have politicans chipping away our constitutional order for the last fourty years . 
  bigwhig wants one - it standardizes to one kind of device to minimize troubleshooting complexity . 
  with morons on the keys/touchscreens , even two kind of devices are too many . 
  wow ... three faces on those banknotes , and all having the [ thousand-yard-stare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thousand-yard_stare ) ... creepy . 
  til that boi note is a work of beauty . 
  `` the times is read by the people who run the country . 
  the daily mirror is read by the people who think they run the country . 
  the guardian is read by the people who think they ought to run the country . 
  the morning star is read by the people who think the country ought to be run by another country . 
  the independent is read by people who do n't know who runs the country but are sure they 're doing it wrong . 
  the daily mail is read by the wives of people who run the country . 
  the financial times is read by the people who own the country . 
  the daily express is read by the people who think the country ought to be run as it used to be run . 
  the daily telegraph is read by the people who still think it is their country . 
  and the sun 's readers do n't care who runs the country providing she has big tits . '', 
  yes , prime minister : a conflict of interest . 
   and you actually believe that would work ? 
  how naive are you ? 
  do you know [ these guys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_kosovo ) ? 
   your attempt at reverse psychology wo n't work - since you 're the one trolling here . 
  * ad hominem * - and thus the discussion is finished . 
  nope . 
   they 've asked the people of bw if they want to join switzerland , and they agreed . 
  nevertheless the laws of the european union will simply not allow it to happen . 
  this is what you posted . 
  i pointed out that should the bw-ians really want to secede , there 's no eu law against that , and even if it were , it would be in violation to un treaties . 
  by the way , i happen to live in bw . 
  i have not been asked if i wanted to secede . 
  obviously you read something in my link i do n't . 
  i 'm seriously wondering if you are trolling by now . 
  i was refering to secession , otherwise called `` self-determination '', 
  [ oh , really ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/21458509.jpg ) of course , you can point me to an eu law denying the rather essential provisions of the `` un international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights '' and the `` un international covenant on civil and political rights '' . 
  again , i think any country being defenseless is just asking to be annexed by it 's neighbors . 
  this has nothing to do about france having prooven to be somewhat nice in the last two decades or so , it is common human practice to extend areas of control . 
  did you know that switzerland has contingency plans to take over baden-w\u00fcrttemberg as a new canton ? 
  yes , that 's the neutral , peaceful swiss ... 
   there 's a difference between occupation and annexiation . 
  sure . 
  and kehl has been not occupied , but resettled with french citizens . 
  [ see this tidbit ] ( http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=2506&amp;dat=19480314&amp;id=ydrjaaaaibaj&amp;sjid=rggnaaaaibaj&amp;pg=2299,2545146 ) , which not only uses `` annexiation '' , but also `` resettlement '' and `` ethnic purge '' . 
  how do you call an occupation where you kick out the local population and resettle it with your own ? 
  i am talking about * kehl/stra \u00dfburg , which has been virtually annexed until 1953 , with all the local inhabitants being expelled by force . 
  there was a border wall around the city . 
  * saarland , which was ~ ~ joined ~ ~ allowed back in 1957 , a protectorate of the french fourth republic , with several attempts to annex it between '45 and ' 57 . 
  1953 was 59 years ago . 
  1957 was 55 years ago . 
  it has not been that long . 
   at that time , things like the un did n't exist factually wrong . 
  the un charter was signed 26th june 1945 . 
   a country could virtually do whatever they please . 
  that 's not the case anymore . 
  actually , they still can . 
  the un has proven again and again and again that they are about as dangerous as a muffin . 
  un protection means shit . 
  if you disagree , ask the population of sarajevo . 
   so again , do you really think anyone would be plotting to annex germany ? 
  i do think that indeed there are contingency plans to take over defenseless nationstates - every army has them , even we , and if the option is on the table , military and political leaders will act upon it . 
  well , actually , yes , i do , as it has been done only fifty little years ago in parts ( kehl does exist , so does the saar region , which the french tried to take so hard . ), 
   switzerland has been neutral for 300-something years . 
  and nobody ever even tried to annex it . 
  does that answer your question ? 
  so , you completely disregard not only the fact that they are by no means defenseless , but also that they have a lot of very defendable terrain ? 
  switzerland is basically not conquerable . 
   if germany truly wants to make up for the shit that happened during ww2 they need to stop there current policy of austerity in greece yeah , yeah , and ten years ago it was about russian gas pipelines which we should not build if we wanted to make up for ww2 , and ten years before that , we should have abandoned our armed forces , and ten years before that , we should have accepted more foreign nukes on our ground , and ten years before that , we should just have given our homegrown terrorists what they wanted . 
  in ten years , it will be another , miniscule little thing we are supposed to do to `` make up for ww2 '' . 
  i say : bollocks . 
  austerity has absolutely zero to do with ww2 . 
  austerity means living within your means . 
  and frankly , greece has not done so for decades . 
  one time , there is payday . 
   when greece was destroyed by germany in ww2 and suffered at least 200 billion $ of damages . 
  they never once demanded germany pay them back . 
  oh , i remember that completely different . 
  in fact , greece has not even tried to stay silent about it for a year ever since 1945 . 
  and you shall have your monies - after a peace treaty . 
   now when greece is in this shitstorm , mainly for doing what germany asked and joining the euro currency excuse me ?
