   russia violated estonia 's airspace last month that 's the strongest incident you can name ? 
  over open waters , with a flight plan and transponders on , without radio contact for less than a fucking minute ? 
   this does not include other provocations like flying jets within 10 meters of a us destroyer multiple times . 
  how dare they use airspace over international waters like that - but then , parking a nuclear-capable warship in front of someone 's borders in international waters is perfectly fine ? 
   flying nuclear bombers off the coast of greenland , california , alaska , and canada . 
  that 's what you do when you got nuclear bombers - use them on patrol duty . 
  it 's been standard operational procedure for both russia as well as the us since the 1950s . 
   it does n't count russia 's japanese airspace violations . 
  one violation , in 2015 , in disputed airspace . 
   it does not count russia now making overlapping claims with those accepted to be canada 's in the arctic . 
  that 's the funny thing with claims : they need to be based on the ability to make good on them . 
  now , let 's see if russia or canada has those abilities - or the will to fight it out . 
   that said , no matter how many instances i post people like you will not change your views . 
  that is because all your points are highly-sensationalized , often bogus claims , more often incidents put out-of-proportion . 
  give some hard data , and we 'll talk . 
   you will still claim russia is the innocent victim in all of this one morally-neutral players amongst other morally-neutral players . 
   you enjoy one of its cheapest prices for gas . 
  and gazprom employs your ex chancellors in high level cushy positions . 
  we have learned that peace is more lucrative than war . 
  it appears east europe still has to learn that lesson . 
   i have to imagine actually calling russia out on its aggression could jeopardize merkel 's retirement prospects . 
  even though merkel is essentially a sovjet posterchild , i hear they are n't exactly fond of her nowadays , which is a mutual feeling . 
  i remember those graphics from a few days ago which compared the netherlands to us metropolitan areas :p but relax , you could have it worse . 
  there 's always liechtenstein . 
  it is generally not relevant internationally if a country considers illegally-occupied areas ( or parts of an area ) , or parts of * another country * ^ 1 their capital . 
  [ 1 ] see : taiwan , which officially thinks nanjing on continental china is their capital . 
  misery loves company, 
   what type of `` anti-russian aggression '' are you speaking of ? 
  allowing russia 's fiercest enemy to part military hardware directly next to their border is an act of aggression . 
   because russia has done all of the above . 
  i would like reliable proof on official warnings about russian minorities in the baltics ( = not by some crackpot ) , constant violations of baltic airspace by russian planes ( = not some helis seen by some hunter in the woods with noone around ) or illegal naval actions by russia . 
   but it is telling that you blame the baltics for russian aggression and not russia . 
  there is currently no indication of russian aggression against the baltics . 
  of course , this will change eventually if they keep up their anti-russian aggression . 
  i am obviously talking about us actions post-48 . 
   different bodies and riding styles require different bike configurations . 
  so , if custom modifications is where it 's really at , why should n't we allow runners to have their legs sawed off and give them carbon-fibre blade prothesics , which arguabely increase acceleration ? 
  either the technology is irrelevant - then the same bike for everyone makes the race fair . 
  or it is - then we should use the same standards in any sports . 
  oh , the f-22 has a lot of problems itself . 
  sometimes , it appears that the fleet is more grounded because of the technical problem of the week than flying . 
  when you try to procure a fighter plane , you do n't order it off amazon , you have to go to the respective producer 's capital and ask , often a few times , to even see the exact specifications . 
  the jasdf considered the f-22 because it would cut down operating costs ( fewer planes needed = fewer support personell ) - but when it turned out they 'd need to raise their defense spending iover the 1 % of gdp mark , they dropped the idea like a hot potato . 
  given there were no comparable - and politically acceptable - contenders on the market at that time , they opted to build their own - the plane we nowadays know as shinshin . 
  they 're crazy expensive . 
  it is literally cheaper to drive your own car from southern germany to england 's south-west than it is to take the train from fucking heathrow to the same place . 
   why could n't she sale her cakes on the street ? 
  probably the same reason you ca n't sell cakes on the street in germany , or france , or the uk : some government official thinking you first need to line their pockets with green . 
  without explaining what those new regulations on working conditions are , it 's impossible to determine if this is just frenchmen being french , or if they got a valid point . 
  what 's so bad about making everyone use the same cheapo 300 , - $ mountain-bike ? 
  sure , they wo n't be as fast , but let 's add some challenge to the sport . 
  and here i was , thinking that they actually did n't sell the f-22 because it is widely considered an overengineered , hugely-expensive mistake which they failed to sell - amongst others - to the royal australian airforce and the japan air self-defense forces - even israel , arguabely their closest ally , did n't want them . 
   so only people living in large and powerful countries are entitled to sovereignty ? 
  you 're running in circles . 
  everyone is entitled to life , unfortunately , some people die of cancer . 
  it 's unfair , but it 's the natural way of things . 
  the same applies to souvereignity and having the wrong enemies . 
   no matter , it is not as of the baltics expect any military support from germany anyway . 
  so it is really not your problem . 
  unfortunately , the baltics and their more trigger-happy allies draw bullsheads right on our backs , so it * becomes * our problem . 
  and that relates to german responsibility in one theatre of war in the 1940s ... how ? 
   because these are contextual , precise , and planned wargames . 
  they are not ` conventional ' scenarios . 
  they are set up in order to study something . 
  which actually make them * easier * for the defenders - they know they are going to be attacked . 
  in a real wartime scenario , there only is the * threat * of attack , which eventually will lead to people becoming sloppy ... also consider that carrier groups are easier to detect than subs . 
  the moment france and the us team up on us - which is unlikely , we got a hard fight , and - should we fail - we lose our souvereignity , yes . 
  of course , that would crash the french economy , massively diminish the american one , and cause all kind of funny problems related to keeping control of the newly-occupied area . 
  not worth the trouble . 
   you are honestly blaming the world wars on the us as opposed to germany . 
  i have no idea how you could read that out of that comment . 
  and claiming everything is a conspiracy theory does not mean there are n't actually conspiracies going on - putting the label on some opinion you do not share , though , allows you to just consider everything to be some nutjob 's delusion . 
  it 's not uncommon to lock up once you realize your reality does n't match with someone elses reality . 
  just consider that believing you yourself are correct in understanding the world without reconsideration is the easiest , laziest solution . 
   we are not some authoritarian country the sad thing is that you most likely believe that . 
   the uk for example has nukes . 
  the uk nuclear capabilites are nowadays limited to their submarine force . 
  they stopped putting them on planes in the 1980s . 
   it does not matter that you have a territory if it is contaminated . 
  this is the typically irrational german fear of the atom . 
  i mean , just look at hiroshima - it 's literally a nuclear wasteland , only accessible with a heavy lead-covered truck , strange cronenberg-style mutations walk around and devour each others , the air itself is sick ... ... only that 's not actually the case . 
  hiroshima , and , for that matter , nagasaki are lively cities housing millions with a pulsating nightlife and very nice parks . 
  deterrence from nukes does not come from long-scale burned-earth scenarios , but from massive death and destruction in a short timeframe . 
   politicians have aimed for nukes since the creation of the bundeswehr . 
  this is no indicator for anything . 
  or it is testing the waters to see if the time is ripe to go public . 
   this would be assuming that you could fight terrorism with conventional forces . 
  which is not the case . 
  so , dead isis fighters rise from their shallow graves to come after us as zombies ? 
  i never knew . 
   large-scale interventions of the us have not caused al-quaeda oder the talibans to cease to exist . 
  that suggests they actually wanted to end the threat - but a small-scale enemy which causes terror is actually a nice thing to have if you want to influence internal politics . 
   the support amongst the eu populations for an actual defence scenario is significantly higher than deployment in remote countries . 
  sure . 
  everyone likes safety - on paper . 
  noone likes to see their own people come back in body bags . 
  but an army on paper is just that - paper that 's worthless once you 're under attack . 
  which europe currently is . 
   your statement does not give any conditions or a required scenario . 
  context is king here .
