  i just do n't support rescuing them if they refuse to act reasonably . 
  then europe is an easy target . 
  parliaments are representatives of the people , and if they do not support measures taken by the government , it 's the will of the people . 
  demanding differently is being an anti-democrat . 
  actually , germans have had repeatedly have unpopular and sometimes constitutionally-critical laws gotten into and through parliament because `` eu directive 4711 demands it '' . 
  obviously , at least to our leadership , the eu is a tool to destroy public dissent with unpopular laws . 
  thankfully , our surpreme court is on it 's toes . 
  i think a lot is lost in the translation . 
  the contents of the original [ article on spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/italiens-premier-monti-warnt-im-spiegel-vor-auseinanderbrechen-europas-a-848280.html ) is a lot more ... critical . 
  translates to  `` if governments would allow themselves to be completely bound to the decisions of their parliaments , without keeping their own room to negotiate , a breakup of europe would be more likely than a closer integration '' now , the parliament decides not to go through some measure , and the government ignores them - how this is democratic , i would like to know . 
   \u00dcntermensch the umlaut is wrong ...  how would you feel if it were you ? 
  i 'm german . 
  wherever i go in the world , i get assaulted by ss-themed contempt . 
  in short : cry me a river . 
   we 'd do well not to over simplify the problems . 
  sure . 
  still , can we also agree that especially greece has acted in gross neglect and in a way that seems to mock the north , which has done a lot to make them survive until now ? 
   stop attacking the people and instead direct your energies at the ruling classes . 
  i am a believer in democratic principles . 
  the fact that especially greece has failed to elect political leadership who is likely to get done anything and instead elected people whose credo is to `` not pay anything back '' in large enough numbers to enable a coalition willing to cooperate with the eu shows me that the greek population does want exactly the ruling class they got - denying responsibility is not an option they should have now . 
  the election of june 2012 effectually is a month lost . 
  in short : if you claim the ruling class is to blame , get rid of your ruling class . 
  ah , now we are moving from `` can only if '' to `` should '' . 
  forgive me for not understanding m\u00fcnchau 's argument ... how does not being able to prevent outflow of capital to an ex-eurozone-member make it impossible to exit the euro while retaining eu membership ? 
  sure , in the case of germany , we could only win from more capital comming to us , but how is that a legal problem ? 
   a country can change currency only after exiting the eu . 
  that is codified ... where ? 
  is it ? 
  with 16 trillion of debt ? 
  sometimes , all you need is one drop to make a dam burst ... [ values close to 20 % are not unheard of ] ( http://inflationdata.com/inflation/inflation_rate/historicalinflation.aspx?dsinflation_currentpage=3 ), 
   really ? 
  but then you 'd have no one to blame but yourselves . 
  i was not clear : it would be easier for the government . 
  if this crisis continues for a few more weeks , merkel is in full election mode , and she will take heavy , heavy hits for how she poured away our money . 
  she needs some success , fast . 
   imf programmes usually fail because they ask the people to accept a much lower standard of living than before fun facts : that 's how you save money . 
  if you have such a high standard of living and your nationstate is bancrupt , chances are that your standard of living was too high to begin with . 
   which means the govermnent collects less revenue that was forecasted . 
  i do n't know who said it , but i like the quote : `` greece does not need german monies , greece needs german tax inspectors '' . 
   not sure how it works in germany , but in greece retirement benefits depend on how much you paid into the system . 
  same system here , combined with a `` grundsicherung '' , which allows surviving even in retirement . 
  note : surviving , not living well . 
  btw : we do have the problem with long streaks of unemployment as well - we call it `` altersarmut '' and are encouraged to save for retirement ourselves . 
  reserve currencies are called that because many countries hold reserves of that currency . 
  say country x has 100 billion dollars in it 's account . 
  now , the fed starts it 's presses , and it comes to the worst-case-scenario : massive inflation . 
  suddenly , the dollar falls by 20 % . 
  which country would like seeing it 's assets destroyed by 20 % ? 
  so they eventually ( and that process has already started ) will start looking for other options . 
  the euro is not a good option , for obvious reasons . 
  so which other somewhat stable and reliable currencies are there in the world ? 
  the chf ? 
  switzerland is too small ... and too vulnerable . 
  the jpy ? 
  not with that debt problem . 
  the yuan ? 
  yep , seems reasonable , especially considering that the chinese government 's manipulation always has been to have it as low as possible . 
  if they stop doing so , it can only rise . 
  hm , i ca n't find any polls specifically about a federation , but i got several that advocate kicking greece out ( 66 % in favor ) , returning to the d-mark ( 51 % in favor ) and abandoning the eu ( 49 % in favor ) . 
  i think in that environment it is clear how we would percieve an ef ... 
   it 's because of where i work ( in germany ) , they are incompetent in the administration . 
  that might be an berlin problem , but i agree our red tape is massive . 
   i do n't know how to fix that also ( i mean getting legal support ) . 
  depending on your financial status and the nature of your problem , you are entitled to free legal advice after getting a so-called `` beratungsgutschein f\u00fcr anwaltliche erstberatung '' at the amtsgericht of your district . 
  if that does n't apply , you can ask the verbraucherzentrale , if this is a issue between you and a company . 
  our legal system works on a `` looser pays both party 's legal cost '' system , so if you ( and your lawyer ) are sure of your success , sue away . 
   it 's just my acceptance that i have been let down in my career since i came here . 
  oh , yeah , that 's pretty usual . 
  work life tends to be rather cut-throat . 
  if you need any help ... drop me a note . 
  here as in this forum , or in your peer-group ? 
   we 'd need a eu-wide poll . 
  actually , yes , we should have one of these . 
  i think it would be surprising to one of us . 
   i do n't want them to give blank checks to the portuguese , spaniards or greeks , i want controlled help . 
  like , for example ? 
  please describe a scenario you would like . 
   if they abandon the union all together , it will turn into a major european war after a couple of years . 
  that is speculation and unlikely . 
   to give up your nationalities . 
  ... and our identities . 
   everyone seems to forget what happened last century do you recall from last century , actually , from the last two decades , what happens to multiethnic countries ? 
  jugoslavia might be a pointer for you . 
  so you want to tell me that the average french people does want and would agree to effectually abandoning a french government and transfer power to an european federation president , which may or may not be a german ? 
  yeah , likely story . 
   relinquishing a bit of sovereignty . 
  actually , we have given away a ton of souvereignty already ... 
  i think this salami-tactics has to stop eventually . 
   they should help these poorer countries develop , since they certainly help the poorer regions in germany or france , but they should help without giving the money to the central governament in those countries , since the corruption is very high . 
  we do so by the market . 
  we did so by investing in local businesses . 
  what more do you want ? 
  german politicians handing out blanco-cheques to portugese citizens ? 
   turn the federation into a real federation with regions , while being controlled by an european delegate , this is the only way to stop all these problems . 
  or abandoning it altogether . 
  actually , those are very good reasons ... 
  that 's selection bias . 
  asking for an european federation on an europhile 's forum ... go out and ask `` the common man '' if he/she would like local governments to give away more powers to the eu . 
  nor does the vast majority of the local population , especially when the eu appears as a convinient tool to destroy local civil liberties . 
  even more even after our surpreme court has thrown out a law , our spineless politicans will start to claim that `` brussels demands it '' , and just throw it into discussion again .
