   to start a new life by completely blending in with the local population . 
  if only they had been more successful with that . 
  in germany , we have similar asylum laws like in sweden , so i might be able to answer this . 
   throwing a bit of money at them and pulling them over your borders is great and all - but if they 're ever going to assimilate full stop . 
  we do n't * want * them to assimilate . 
  we want them to be save while an immediate emergency happens in their home countries , and then we want them to go back home . 
  that 's the difference between `` asylum '' and `` immigration '' . 
   they need to be dispersed , not concentrated , we concentrate them because if the decision is made that their home country is safe , we want them to leave - and we dislike having to search for them for months first . 
   the nationalist and old guard would get bitch slapped by the eu powers and shut them down when it comes to the ridiculous rhetoric you hear from all sides , have you read about hungary recently ? 
  does n't seem to work well . 
   access to the common market . 
  from my understanding , that 's mostly fish ( which ... well , is regulated rather tightly in the eu ) and aluminium ( which the us will be happy to buy if the europeans do n't want it )  sources of credit ( eh ireland ) that would imply they * need * credit , and from what we have seen in the last 5 years , they know how to deal with a crysis without needing tons of foreign money . 
   international negotiating power . 
  they have that through their geopolitical position already . 
  watch powers run each others over being offered a base in the northern central atlantic . 
  one of these things is not like the other . 
  especially since iceland is perfectly fine with how they are right now . 
  imagine tiny sausages , about the size of an index finger . 
  imagine them being roasted in a pan with some onions , and served with red cabbage and mashed potatoes . 
  imagine a 1-litre mug ( a little less than two uk pints ) of craft beer next to it . 
  heaven . 
  ... from the guy who forced himself onto europe 's steering wheel and now speeds to the concrete wall head 's on . 
  actually , the shops would let the prices remain just as they are now and round after the final product has been bought , thus maximizing profit . 
  `` stopped beating your wife '' implies that the wife is or has been beaten . 
  the idea behind it is that there is no one-word answer in western languages to express that this is a false premise . 
  we already know you block content you consider intrusive and taking away your time . 
  there is little question that if every site would start asking you which of those 300 advertisers are acceptable to you , you would fall into your old behavior and try to block such questions . 
  in short : we know that you already are a `` wifebeater '' , thus the analogy is wrong . 
  false analogy . 
   that 's not true , especially not if the content is provided through means of certain plugins . 
  alright , with fifteen years of background in serverside web development , now you got my attention . 
  please tell me how you think you can know what capabilities the client has before the client happens to send requests that you want to deny for one reason or the other . 
   how so ? 
  i presented a hypothetical , that is , if i did not care about my privacy ( which i do ) , i would still continue blocking at least flash , `` if i could afford the train ticket , i would still dodge the fare , because parting with my money is an annoyance and discomfort '' . 
   nope , this is not known to me . 
  i would have to do further inspection to see if there are scripts on a site that are trying to track me you know that everyone and your grandmother tries to track you on the net . 
  you have the option to stay out of the net . 
  actually , i think that for some people , that would be the better solution . 
   i 've yet to meet a site that lists all the scripts it 's using and asks me `` do you want to be tracked by all these and do you want to see ads from these and these advertisers ? '' . 
  how long before you would try to block such a question ? 
   why not ? 
  i mean , they can block me if they want to and i wo n't complain , but as long as i 'm able to access them , why should n't i ? 
  technically , they only can find out if you have an adblocker installed after you accessed the main site , which could be a deep link ( by not loading the ad script ) . 
  so no , they can not block you . 
   it 's a privacy issue ( although even if i did n't have an issue with the privacy i 'd still block any flash ad on the web ) then it is not a privacy issue for you , privacy is only a convinient excuse . 
   are these sites immoral for trying to leak my private data by letting the advertisers track me ? 
  no , because this is known to you , and you can choose not to be tracked by not accessing these sites . 
  obviously not , or the lord would have provided for plentyful nourishment so the farmers do n't have to get educated on how to farm . 
   7000 rural area priests will teach farmers how to promote agriculture and use eu funds build more churces ... , 
  ireland depends on food aid again ? 
  seriously ? 
  * only * 200k jobs ? 
  that 's within the yearly margin . 
  is the article making us want to leave by telling us the consequences are not that bad ? 
  if so : let 's get out . 
  point is , noone knows . 
  that 's why it is a holy war   anyway , those theories are incredbly outdated , and we have now tools to predict economy hayek could not even dream of , be it in term of raw computing power or of noninear mathematic tools . 
  ... with economists too stupid to use excel :( maybe these mathematic tools are more curse than blessing . 
  actually , hayek very clearly is in favor of austerity , which * is * an actual thing . 
  you first need to save and have real capital before you invest . 
  he is not a laissez-faire kind of economist , like , e.g. 
   balancing the budget is counter productive in times of crisis , that 's only logical . 
  actually , like i stated in my prior post , it 's kind of a holy war around that issue , depending on if you follow the teachings of [ keynes or hayek ] ( http://keynesvshayek.de/ ) ( enjoyable disposition of overly-complex economic theories in rap battles . 
  yay . 
  you know , instead of parrotting ideas you have read elsewhere , you might read up on keynes vs. hayek , and notice how both of them got the nobel prize of economics for their opposing theories at the same time because it could not be determined with perfect accuracy which of them was actually right . 
  deficit spending is what got us here , you know ? 
  time for balanced budgets . 
   you fucked up by not paying your employee , destroying your social security and generally lowered both the pay of the workers and the standarts of living . 
  what you really mean is : while those countries enjoyed massively rising wages , we did not , and thus did become more competitive . 
  which , by the way , is the main reason we are now bailing out europe and did not have to * be * bailed out . 
  again , i am happy for every country leaving the eu . 
  especially france , who sucks out money for their ineffective agriculture . 
   that 's called making us regret international trade agreement , consider legal action and considering leaving the euro which would kill your exportations and do a lot of good to our industries . 
  for sausages ? 
  if you are that insane , please do . 
   the average belgian have four times the capital of the average german . 
  we do n't want your systeme . 
  oh , you will have our system soon enough . 
  remember the chinese proverb : neither poverty nor wealth survive for more than three generations . 
  oh , see us shaking in fear . 
  that 's competition : germans ca n't compete in mediterran holidays . 
  time to sue club med ? 
   we are a nation of high earners , actually , we are a dying nation . 
  we already have had a brain drain before , and it only will get stronger . 
  and it 's not a problem , we are rather good in assimilating to foreign systems . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; obviously , someone who has no idea what they are talking about . 
  the exzellenzinitiative is a rather small and irrelevant part of internal politics . 
  it 's balsam to stroke the egos of some university presidents , and an obvious violation of the grundgesetz , but noone suffers because of it . 
  clearly against . 
  the euro is the single worst thing that has happened to the continent since ' 45 . 
  the eu has become a monster that eats it 's kids , mismanaging countries funds and being extremely undemocratic to begin with . 
  brush it all aside , start over with a clean slate . 
  actually , we 're changing the narrative right now . 
  from now on it 's `` greeks are ineffective workers . '', 
  it seems you have been , yes . 
  obviously you have enough free time sitting on reddit instead of slaving away in a sweatjob or in a 1-euro-job . 
  it seems they did something right , huh ? 
  `` never change a winning team '' only being the most obvious ? 
   ok , but you say ` eichh\u00f6rnchen ' before . 
  the point is that you have no way to distinguish if mongol_winter actually is genuidely believing to be a transsexual t rex .
