   compare it instead with compulsory military service , the zivildienst , fsj , bfd and f\u00d6j . 
  so because one set of what essentially comes down to slavery is ok , let 's have some more ? 
  why even let them out , we can just force them to work in any kind of job the state defines as `` useful '' instead of the carreers they have choosen . 
  so - if we know peter will work picking up trash ( because the state 's plans says so ) , why get him a good school education ? 
  let 's force him out of school at age 9 - he wo n't be needing anything more . 
  ... of course , that would be almost exactly what north korea does ...  i do n't take people serious who whine about how e.g. 
  a one month break from their job will ruin their career yet have no trouble spending the same time on vaccation . 
  would you allow someone with * one * month of training anywhere near gentriatic patients ? 
  maybe you just want to limit expenses by killing senior citizens , huh ? 
   germany also manages to get fathers and mothers back into their job after mutterschutz of at least 14 weeks and elternzeit of up to 3 years . 
  actually , in reality , we manage to get them back into * some * job , not necessarily theirs , and experience shows chances for improving afterwards are slim to nonexistant in most cases . 
   lastly , our workforce for these `` attractive '' jobs is too small and shrinking so this point is moot too . 
  yes , so let 's destroy even more of those jobs . 
  i guess china will eventually build a nice statue commemorating the stupidity of european powers when it comes to economic policy . 
   to me your fears are fiction , and a decades old one at that . 
  well , to me , your autocratic fantasies of slavery are dreams from mankind 's darkest parts of history . 
  it will only lead to them starting to accept payment in non-trackable or non-enforceable forms . 
  credit cards ( = non-enforceable if the major banking players in the us do n't fall in line ) or anonymous web currencies ( = non-trackable ) come to mind . 
  i am not sure about other eu countries , but with the bureaucracy and the aversion to technology in my country , i doubt there will be any chance of this happening in germany . 
   when your american competitor is forced to pull out because they ca n't both comply with eu regulations and the demands of nsa thugs . 
  hahaha , yeah , sure . 
  what does the eu plan to do ? 
  people will * riot *, 
  i am sure the americans are trembling in fear already . 
   let 's be honest that 's because they are protected by the governments . 
  just because something is against the law in your country does not mean it is against the law in the country where the perp is in . 
  why would country x extradite someone for something that is no crime ? 
  would you extradite homosexuals to iran ? 
   that 's a weird accusation to do against somebody angry because tha lack of law enforcement . 
  that 's the logical next step . 
  sure , if they are extradited , they will probably not be touring the statue of independence . 
  of course , before you can jail someone , you need to be able to * get * them into custody . 
  which can be tricky . 
  unless you propose another wave of extrajudical kidnappings . 
  in fact , in current coalition building between the cdu and the spd in germany , the cdu thinks the nsa spying program is a wonderful blueprint for doing something similar to us in the next four years . 
  the longer i live here , the more i do get the idea that no matter where you put your cross in an election , you always lose . 
  maybe the only winning move is not to play . 
  this might be a speciality of dutch law that i am not familiar with , but usually , asylum status does not grant you citizenship automatically . 
  ... which had 1 . 
  [ banks getting fined ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libor_scandal#fines_for_manipulation ) 1 . demands for extraditions being made and charges being brought in front of a court 2 . 
  [ laws and regulations getting changed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libor_scandal#reactions_and_impact_on_banking_regulation ) . 
  this is the perfect anti-example for the idea that `` noone got punished , no laws were changed '', 
   on the matter of unconditional and cost offset , i am also all for some kind of general mandatory civil service , preferably in several work areas like garbage removal and sorting , all kinds of cleaners , hospitals , homes for the elderly , any night shift / emergency jobs , manual farm work , mail and parcel delivery ... yay for devising a scheme that 1 . sounds eerily like the reichsarbeitsdienst . 
  1 . would kill even more jobs for people without university degrees while at the same time destroying the carreers of those * with * degrees in a time where we need all the highly , trained personnel we can for keeping our economic advantage . 
  how about we just decide by random the 10 % of people to shoot annually ? 
  i guess that would be * less * of an impact for the general population . 
  sure . 
  can you point at * any * individual who engaged in such alleged fraud ? 
  if you ca n't , then you will have a hard time declaring anyone a violator of laws . 
  an fbi warning for some non-defined fraud taking place by some unnamed perpetrators in a field as large as the atlantic ocean is not exactly enough to spin a case . 
  technically , he needs to be persecuted and threatened to be killed because of his political views , because of his ethnicity , or nowadays because of his sexual orientation . 
  he is n't . 
  he 's being persecuted because of theft and espionage . 
  thus , this is not a case for asylum . 
   not a single person has been jailed , not a single law passed 1 . 
  for someone to get jailed , someone needs to have violated a law . 
  up to now , there is no indication of any such violation . 
  `` jail them '' is populist bullshit . 
  what is the moral argument of a law limiting the ways you can use your money ? 
   when this happens , it will be like 1934 sure it will be . 
  have you stocked up on conserves and guns already ? 
  i could totally kill my granny-style neighbor . 
  i still do n't do that . 
  instead , what did i do with this power ? 
  i help her carry up the laundry six floors , four times a week . 
  where do i get to pick up my medal ? 
  i think it is time to demand entry visas from us citizens again . 
  a signal has to be sent already . 
  no real scotsman , huh ? 
   frisians are the people that live in the northern province of friesland in the netherlands . 
  a very sparsely populated province with a mostly agricultural economy . 
  note that frisians also exist on the north sea coast of germany , and are seperated into east frisians and north frisians ( while we consider the dutch frisians as `` west frisians '' ) . 
  german frisians speak `` plattd\u00fctsch '' , which is not really understandable to the common german , but still is an `` official language '' in the areas populated by them . 
  east frisians are a common targed for jokes , they are described on the spectrum between simple-minded and full-out braindead . 
  the jokes follow a question-answer format , e.g. 
  : `` how do you sink an east-frisian submarine ? '', 
  - `` send a diver down there , knock on the door . 
  someone 's sure to open to look who 's outside . '', 
  ( i may tell that joke . 
  my family is east-frisian . 
  i 'm living in exile right now . ) . 
  and still , it 's one of our top domestic vacation spots . 
  the next victim to the eurobanks . 
  start saving for rainy days , the thunderstorms are already at hand . 
   well , it 's not about the people or the present government , but we fought a lot in the last two centuries so ... 
  it 's mutual . 
  the powers that are try to convince us of a francogerman friendship . 
  just go to strasbourg , where everyone is able to talk german , and try communicating . 
  and us ? 
  essentially , we accept they are a cultured people , but for the majority that 's about it - there 's no big love for snobbish frog-leg eaters . 
  still , i go along nicely with about a douzen french i know . 
   france and germany have the only transnational , state-funded tv program channel , arte actually , 3sat . 
  i am sure you would have looked stunning in a black uniform . 
  oh , if i like my family to have good jobs , i need to get back to ** just following orders ** , then ? 
  as a german , this sounds a lot like history being rewritten to make a brutal dictator being whitewashed and glorified because he happened to have opposed another brutal dictator which happened to be an enemy of the us . 
  i do not see the relevance to todays german-greek relations any more than i see the relevance of otto i. to today . 
  we disagree on that one . 
  killing 1,33 % of a people is no genocide . 
   how come you do n't want to name killing two millions of poles a genocide ? 
  it was n't big enough ?
