  i just think by the irresponsible policies of the current and former greek governments , we - as in `` the eurozone '' - are forced to make an example of greece , one neither greece nor other candidates for bankrupcy will never forget . 
   every day is pushing me further towards an ` out ' vote . 
  at least * you * get a referendum . 
  some of us are stuck in here by corrupt leadership . 
  given that britain never really was an eu member , only a ... let 's call it a participant , seeing you leave does not make for much of a difference . 
   blind hate always returns to the sender . 
  [ i remember the last years fondly , when we were still more sympathetic to the greek cause . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-17177200 ) you do n't bite the hand that feeds you . 
  and you do n't shit on the food that is given to you , demanding more and better food . 
  and now it is * our * fault that instead of doing what is necessary some other countries decide to do the `` let 's waste resources '' route so their governments get reelected . 
  oh , we are going to hurt , no question about that , but that will pass . 
  remember : we produce , and there 's always a market for products . 
  we also have our finances somewhat under control , mostly thanks to the - quite painful - austerity measures we submitted ourselves to in the laste 1990s . 
  italy or france , however , are more likely to crash . 
  what we will see shortly before is a widespread return to national currencies , and rising animosity between european nations . 
  it is to be seen if the eu survives . 
  but then , it 's not going to be the end of the world . 
  i agree , but unfortunately , it is necessary to ensure the economic survival of the eurozone and it 's member states . 
  good . 
  let 's close the borders to greece and offer their seat to turkey . 
  edit : it is imperative that the grexit is more painful for greece and the greeks than following the rules would have been , lest we risk the next government in trouble trying to extort us . 
   they cant pay utilities costs anymore . 
  some people are making do on 300 $ / mo. 
  well , then i suggest them stopping to use services they can not pay for . 
   if they had the money to pay those back , they would n't have debts now would n't they ? 
  sending an enforcer to beat them bloody wo n't make the money magically appear . 
  we have n't done that , yet . 
  there is some talk , though , about sending some tax enforcing officers to help the greeks setting up a stick themselves . 
   the gd would actually be stupid enough to try invading north cryprus i 'm afraid . 
  it would be a very , very short war , with horrific consequences for greece . 
   yes and russia is kinda facing the same problem yet it sadly does not prevent them from walking guns and tanks to the front . 
  russia actually is able to substain itself . 
  not as well as if they would trade with us , but they are n't going to starve anytime soon . 
   and even the bloody starving-to-death north korea have enough weapons to harass sk . 
  that 's mostly related to the geographical circumstances ( seoul is awfully near the dmz ) and the kim family setting the `` right '' priorities . 
   and what do you intend to do with it ? 
  bulldozer the entire country ? 
  declare every single citizen 's home a foreign asset and make 30 % of the population homeless because their mortgaged house was ceased ? 
  toll roads and higher utility costs . 
   you understand this is exactly how you start a war in europe ? 
  you are german . 
  i 'd thought your own history would teach you better . 
  by making people pay their debts ? 
    , long-standing international disputes ( fryom , anyone ? ), 
    you want to annexate part of greece ? 
  holy shit man , do you even hear yourself talking ? 
  actually , i was talking about international opposition of greece when it comes to macedonia 's real name . 
   they 'll take their stashed weapons , and go start looting around their own country like the russian `` separatists '' do in eastern ukraine right now . 
  this is what they 'll do . 
  i 'm all for peoples making their bad decisions if there is a chance they might learn their lesson . 
   so was ukraine . 
  i do n't think the gd nazi gives a shit about that . 
  so you think there might be a grecocypriot war . 
  yeah ... you are aware war costs money , and that 's kinda the problem with greece these days ? 
   y' know state do that when that save tens of thousands of employees jobs with emphasis on `` sometimes '' , sometimes being when there is at least some profit to be made , either politically or financially . 
  right now , givint more money to greece without some serious cuts will result in neither . 
   what are you suggesting by `` liquidating the deadbeater '' ? 
  liquidate assets . 
  like infrastructure , state-owned organizations , long-standing international disputes ( fryom , anyone ? 
  ) , maybe territory . 
  freezing bank accounts . 
  putting greek ships in eu harbors onto the chain . 
  these kind of things . 
   zeroying the entire country bank account and watch them actually go full nazi next election ? 
  yeah , as if * those * guys would be able to do anything differently . 
   how about when the golden dawn start attacking turkey to loot money , esp in cyprus ? 
  cyprus is a sovereign nation , different from greece or turkey . 
  and cyprus pulled themselves together and now are not begging for money with no strings attached every other month . 
   i fail to see how syriza is/was responsible for greece 's situation , sorry so if you buy a bankrupt company , the banks should just forgive your debt instead of liquidating the deadbeater ? 
  take a chair and start making some popcorn . 
  this is going to be good . 
  a very nice female clerk offered them to pay in euros , leave , or discuss the matter with the police . 
  shut them up - i guess they were afraid our police was like theirs and shoot them in the head . 
  heh , i once had an us tourist in front of my queue who went apeshit because `` his dollars are accepted in any * other * third-world shithole , so take it already '' . 
  in the center of munich . 
  the attack on the personal rights , in this case property , is ongoing as long as he carries the stolen item with the intent to remove it from the scene . 
  also , the alleged thief grabbed the store clerk 's wrist , which is assault , so this is not only a notwehr case because of the theft , but also because of the ongoing attack on her bodily integrity . 
  if he is not carrying the stolen good anymore , then this would be a jedermannsfestnahme according to \u00a7 127 stpo , and the use of necessary force to actually hold him until police arrives ( or his identity can be verified * without reasonable doubt * ) would still be acceptable . 
  the moment he wields out at you in an attempt to flee , it 's notwehr again . 
  [ have a read ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/festnahme#jedermann-festnahme ), 
  notice the `` often '' in my comment . 
  also , internal tracking of userstreams is a legitimate application because it helps improving user experience and interface design decisions . 
  ... which is directly related to these things often serving an actual technical purpose , like storing sessions and assorted data related to them ( such as shopping cart information , license verification etc. ), 
  enforcing an opt-out would make a lot of services unable to work . 
  read the law and the verdicts on notwehr . 
  your notwehr right by \u00a7 32 only extends until the immediate danger has ended . 
  the moment your attacker stands down , is incapacitated or flees , you are required to stop immediately . 
  hitting the attacker `` for good measure '' or because `` he needs to learn a lesson '' is just standard , punishable assault . 
  say you get robbed at night , and you start punching your robber , that 's ok ... until you are no longer at danger of being robbed . 
  that 's perfectly lawful . 
  equally lawful would be to pull the - lawfully obtained - gun and shoot him in the face . 
  now imagine you `` just '' punched him and do n't realize the moment of danger is over , or are in some kind of panic mode and just go on and on , and you give him a few extra punches . 
  that 's technically unlawful , but \u00a7 33 protects you from persecution . 
  \u00a7 34 is for situations where you get into a conflict of interest . 
  for instance , can you kill an obviously aggressive dog you do not own to avoid that dog from attacking a group of kindergardeners ? 
  yes , but only `` if the danger can not be otherwisely averted '' , e.g. 
  the police wo n't be here in time , nor the owner , or the owner is unable to control the animal . 
  this , however , * includes * proportionality - you can not kill the kindergardener for trying to attack the dog , because human live is considered more important than animal life . 
  another example for the \u00a7 34 case would be crashing sideways into a runaway truck to force it off the road and into farmland instead of the farm . 
  yeah , when you pay your share in offsetting the negative aspects of such farmland , such as increased infrastructure cost .
