   what do you mean with `` succeeding in a western democracy '' ? 
  being productive members of a society by holding jobs and earning income to an amount to support themselves , their kids , and maybe their extended family , if need should arise . 
  become skilled workers , do have political ideas founded in reason , and the means to bring these ideas to the general discussion , accept certain standards of our society ( equality of men and women , freedom of speech , freedom of - and from - religion , government monopoly on force ) ... such things . 
  i have encountered two types of turkish people : the ` anatolyan farmer ' type , who was not very educated to begin with , where education and a strife to better your social standing is not a value they do encourage to their kids , often * very * traditional - and the `` istanbul '' type , whose kids usually excel both in new language an in their later careers , who see education as the main solution to both get socially accepted and become successful . 
  i have seen `` farmer '' types actually * limiting * their kids to go to higher-value schools they were encouraged to attend because `` school is not important '' . 
  no amount of reasoning worked with them . 
  frankly , i do n't see these `` farmer '' types succeed in a western democracy anytime soon , no matter if a kindergardener learns turkish or not . 
  ** edit ** : yes , i am aware i am simplifying the situation . 
  but sometimes , simplification is useful . 
  hm , i learned english rather well with the `` no german allowed in class '' rule . 
  i think the moment turkish kids get the chance to communicate in turkish , they will , and there will be no learning another language . 
  but i am no language teacher . 
  i just know that our old approach , keeping them in segregated groups , did not work . 
  we should spread them as far as possible , so they do n't create ghetttos where they live in little turkish-community bubbles . 
  someone who is not forced to learn a skill to survive , will more often than not , not learn the skill . 
  i think that is the basic problem : to be part of a community , you need to speak the majority 's language . 
  not as your first one , but you need to be able to talk , and be understood . 
  as long as learning german is not important to our immigrants , they will be disadvantaged , and there 's nothing our integration efforts can do about that . 
  [ heh , good luck with that ... ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/10-000-portuguese-seek-jobs-in-german-city-a-821118.html ), 
  statebuilding does cost money , and secessionist countries more often than not do want independence because they have been neglected and powerless , both hinting at little economic output . 
  we would instantly have a few more greeces at our hand . 
  technically , there is no reason for demanding all or the majority of un nation states do have to recognize a state for it to be independent . 
  see taiwan . 
  technically , this is exactly what happened in the kosovo during the last few centuries : invasion , and then settlement . 
  in a few hundred years , `` the invaded lands '' will be exactly that : `` turkish cyprus '', 
  for one thing : balkanisation and the creation of new countries that will immediately be in the deficit . 
  that 's why [ this joke ] ( http://www.rottmeyer.de/extra-3-sperrt-die-grenze-fur-danen/ ) worked so well . 
  could it be related to [ silargan ] ( http://www.silit.de/universal-pfannen/professional_1159.html ) ? 
  because that stuff is awesome . 
  edit : silargan is some kind of glass/metal/stone coating on silit-branded pans . 
  the coating is next to indestructible , unscratchable , and does have a relatively well heating behaviour , all aspects mentioned in the ad . 
  ... and you needed only four days to pull the nazi card . 
  what you like to forget is that we did that within five years , while the brits have a history spanning centuries . 
  ... not to mention that you perfectly miss the point : i like the brits , in fact , my best friend is a british citizen of irish descent . 
  i just pointed out that great britain is hardly the harmonious union that just popped out from nowhere and everyone lived happily ever after : they were fused together by blood and sweat and tears , and at what price in human life ? 
  ... until they realize even western pay is hardly enough to survive in the west ... 
  but by then , they will have destroyed the labour market . 
   `` germans spend more , save less ... ''  `` fears of inflation '' here you have your explanation . 
  thank you very much . 
  well , i consider myself a centrist libertarian , so it 's actually not that far off . 
  actually , it seems fascists should have a higher , a lot higher value on authoritarianism , 
  economic left/right : 3.38 social libertarian/authoritarian : -2.36, 
  here 's a tip for you : even if you might believe so right now , the world does not revolve around twenty-somethings , and your worldview in all likelihood will massively change once you do reach your thirties and are required to make a living for yourself instead of hanging around universities or coffee shops . 
  portugal and romania , btw , were choosen for being in the periphery of the eu . 
  while every single point of yours is correct in itself , it feels like you are relativating a crime against humanity with the fact that the few survivors are well-off now . 
  it feels like saying the holocaust was a-ok because the jewish world population now has israel . 
  [ alien big cats ] ( http://www.newanimal.org/abcs.htm ) seems to be like the ufos of great britain ... cryptids galore . 
  article 23 was written with the saar and potentially the ostgebiete in mind . 
  it was not ever meant for a reunification of a whole zone . 
  with raping the grundgesetz , kohl and his brothers in arms robbed the german population of a constitutional congress and an representation the easterners never had . 
  what could have been a real democratic restart had become bonn effectively annexing the east - and both the west as well as the east have gotten out worse because of it . 
  so you completely ignore art . 
  146 , which - and all constitutional commentaries agree on that - was designed for the reunification case ? 
  wealth inequality is the number one reason for conflict . 
  europe has had enough conflict in the past , so we eiter * normalize wealth ( which the north never will allow to happen ) or * stop the federation idea , or * prepare for what will amount to a civil unrest and potential civil war . 
   but i have a feeling most people who are against it are against it for the wrong reasons . 
  that implies there are right reasons . 
  how about you give some of them if mine are so wrong ? 
  [ oh yeah , it 's all just me ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/auto/ratgeber/die-neuen-tricks-der-autodiebe-1.2125738 ) . 
  hell , even the danish make jokes ( and rightful observations ) about that [ phenomeon ] ( http://satwcomic.com/well ) . 
   people still speak bavarian or sachsisch , you are talking about dialects , i 'm talking about languages . 
   in china , where i lived many years , people mainly speak their `` local dialect '' ( actually completely different languages ) even though the central government has tried hard for more than 50 years to destroy them . 
  the law of the large masses , combined with a constant fear the kpch has of widespread rural uprisings ( which , coincidentally , is the major reason for every prior chinese dynasty having failed ) . 
  * potential * collective failure . 
  some countries will get out better , some worse . 
  do you want to have a lucky guess which ones will be less unaffected ? 
  it 's convinient and easy to storage . 
  i work about 400 meters from the local diary , and just being able to buy three or four casks of milk ( with 12 liters each ) once the price is right is a good thing . 
  you know the number one reason we have car alerts ? 
  poland . 
  the point is : we do not trust the polish . 
  and we certainly wo n't give them a tool that could potentially harm us . 
  the things we hear about how poland thinks about us is equally flattering . 
  if someone throws slurs over the border , you do n't give them the gun to shoot you with . 
  if poland is not over something that happened 70 years ago , they do need to get their priorities straight . 
  and maybe wonder if they are not repeating the same mistakes that ultimately led to the german invasion of '39 ( which popular history wants you to believe was perfectly unprovoked ... which also is wrong , as back then anti-german militias tried some ethnic cleansing of their own [ which , of course , is not a justification for our reply ] ) . 
   the reunification ( `` so-called '' ? 
  just how crazy are you ? 
  we both agree that the - so-called - reunification was not done according to the grundgesetz , but instead a loophole was used to add the fnl to the brd ? 
   of course the court determined that he lied . 
  the court did not determine a lie . 
  it just found the story unlikely and made a wild and random guess about the guys ' income . 
   also , what are you on about with regards to americans not knowing what happens with multi-ethnic countries ? 
  widespread genocide ( remember the natives ? 
  ) , slavery , discrimination against certain ethnicities and riots every fifteen years or so . 
   an eu directive on dinner times ? 
  really ? 
  you will laugh until the new labor laws will make dinner anytime before 20:00 virtually impossible . 
   in democracies ? 
  what are some examples you can think of ? 
  france ca . 
  1860 -  1950 , massive assaults on the occiental-speaking population . 
  and no , the eu is many things , but not a democratic system . 
   apart from , you know , various german ones . 
  you mean the so-called reunification , which effectively destroyed the eastern middle class by taking away their means of living ? 
  or do you refer to the `` artificial '' l\u00e4nder post-48 ? 
  maybe you refer to the attempts of ' 48 ? 
  or the greater german reich ? 
  violence does not always come at the tip of a rifle - sometimes it comes through economic repression . 
  ... and now you simply have to convince the bics are the problem and not the neighbor every single of your ancestors has fought , sometimes in defense , sometimes in aggression .
