   still , the combined military spending of all nato members constitutes over 70 % of the world 's defense spending . 
  ... should be enough to act against any foe . 
   non-u.s. nato members have defense expenditures that are more than three times russia 's total . 
  given that you all want to nuke moscow , i wonder why you get the funny idea you need more money for that . 
   meanwhile , ukraine 's defense spending in 2012 stood at 2.7 % of gdp . 
  that is a higher share than 27 of the 28 nato countries . 
  giving us a perfect example that an arbitrary number in a budget does not make for security . 
  they 're currently losing , remember ? 
  military budgeting should be about quality , not quantity . 
  i can buy ten crappy plane , or a good plane costing 5 * the price of a crappy one . 
  guess who will have better chances in a conflict ? 
  so the `` target '' is not legally binding - it 's a wet dream of the us ( and by extension of the us weapons exporters ) . 
  which means it 's worth shit . 
  in fact , according to google , [ this only became a matter in late 2010 ] ( https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=nato%20gdp ) . 
  so , if we do nothing , we 're `` not taking leadership '' . 
  if we do something , it 's time to `` question the motivations and strategies behind berlin 's new diplomatic activism '' . 
  make up your minds already . 
   anti-sub / anti-missile et cetera , while ensuring we can deliver massive amounts of nukes to their soil without fail . 
  the 1950s have called , dr. strangelove . 
  they want their `` nuclear war is winnable '' feeling back . 
  well , there [ already are plans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bering_strait_crossing ) . 
  i 'd not deploy bagpipes either way . 
  just imagine they suddenly rip off their patches on 19th september and replace them with scottish ones , then collectively go home . 
   as far as i remember , if a nato member requests military assistance nato partners must respond . 
  you remember wrongly . 
  if a nato member is being attacked * and * asks for military assistance , * and * the geographical / flagbearing requirements are met , then the nato members must act `` as they deem necessary '' . 
  which might be doing nothing at all . 
   this is the minimum commitment for nato membership can you point , in the north atlantic treaty , where it talks about minimum military spending ? 
  there will be slaughter and mass graves regardless of who wins . 
  that headline combined with a photo of a tank column is nice . 
  you only notice the irony when you realize that 's an ukrainian unit . 
  ahem ... 
  is there a way to set the location without them `` detecting '' it ? 
  i 'm behind a vpn , and i kinda like that . 
   rhineland treaty there is no such thing . 
  there were the versailles treaty and the treaties of locarno , both of which were unequal and unjust ( and both of which we mostly honoured by us nontheless ) . 
   when has appeasement this is n't appeasement . 
  this is keeping your nose out of conflicts that do not concern you . 
  and of course you have the proof the un , the us , and kiev is unable to produce . 
   the us learned an equally painful lesson about deflation during the great depression , and took away from that the idea that we should never let deflation take hold again . 
  then you will understand how unpopular promoting inflation is here . 
   the best rate is around 2 % inflation . 
  that 's an unfounded assertion . 
   the us will never see hyperinflation in our lifetimes - there are too many checks to prevent anything like that happening . 
  i hope for your sake that you 're right , but that 's what everyone said before hyperinflation came around . 
   is , but war already started people are already dying it 's far to late to be nice about it . 
  it 's not our war . 
  it 's a war started by kiev , who had the options to go to war or let the premajorily russian territories go . 
   putins russia is not a partner it 's a rival every foreign country is a rival . 
  some we find a nicer word for for some time because of diplomacy . 
   just a higher gas bill and maybe a bit of fracking . 
  if you knew how unpopular either of these things is , you 'd understand that this is a no-go for berlin . 
  anecdotal evidence at it 's best . 
  had you acted differently in ' 38 , the war would just have come a year earlier . 
   a weak currency that made your exports sell like hot cakes ; what a sacrifice . 
  and you think we believe this free buffet will go on forever and ever ? 
  it 's a nice , temporary effect that eventually will come back to bite us . 
  it would be better to sell slightly less and have longer-term security . 
   out of curiosity , are you the typical merkel voter , or do you subscribe more to the afd 's platform ? 
  actually , i do n't like merkel , but i know she 's the best leader we could have in this situation . 
  my political allegiance shifts depending on what the current election programs say . 
  i 've voted for the spd , for the greens , for the fdp and for the pirates and the afd in the past . 
  i will decide whom to vote for before an election , it 's not tattooed on my forehead to never be changed . 
  right now , the afd has strayed too far from the `` economy first , let 's stop spending '' way into the `` let 's appear like a right-wing party '' for my tastes . 
   because we can predict what the world will be like in the year 3000 . 
  i 'm talking about predictable futures . 
  oh , we sacrificed a ton , like , for instance , a reliable and strong currency , or the ability to work with what we have instead of giving it away . 
   the second a bullet flies , poland and the baltics become foreign countries again . 
  you seem to have the misconception that the eu is something close to the us . 
  it 's not . 
  portugal , spain , belgium , poland and estonia always were , are , and always will be foreign countries . 
  and just because a bullet flies a whopping 1000 km away from the polish border does not necessitate the bundeswehr to go into nato alert . 
   poland and the baltics thinks there 's risk . 
  if we made unfounded fears of other nations the basis for our policy , we 'd be ruined in a week . 
   right at your doorstep 1600 km ( nearest point of germany to areas of actual fighting , measurement in google earth ) away from us is hardly `` right at our doorstep '' . 
  too bad you deleted most of your comment ... it actually had a interesting bit of information , that the witch has a phobia for dogs ( my til ... ), 
   if you do n't respond to a war on poland 's border , then you 're a terrible polish ally . 
  ah , we 're playing `` moving targets '' . 
  i love that game . 
  there is no reason to believe there 's any risk for poland and the baltics at the current moment . 
  troop movements do not indicate any preparation for invasions . 
  the war is a bad thing , but it is not our concern . 
  keep calm , drink some tea , focus on the more important things . 
  if self-preservation is at risk , noone else matters . 
  well , you could argue that all those were member states in the hrrdn , and this secondarily `` german '' - including people living in austria . 
  but by the hard definition , no , there are no german artists pre-71 , for there was no german nationality before that . 
  we gave them away - back then , we should have put kohl into prison for that ... now we have realized that was the single best decision he made while being chancellor . 
  just out of interest ... how much money are we actually talking about per annum ? 
  i start to suspect you 're a sockpuppet of / u/4ringcircus we are not in any way allied with ukraine . 
  and given the geopolitical situation , we would be fools if we ever got into any kind of alliance with them . 
  flat taxes ... oh god , would i love that happening here . 
  over here , we have to employ specialized tax preparers , which are a whole new level of money drain . 
  thanks for the link , though , that 's going to be a great read . 
   the one which uses the euro to undervalue german exports & undercut it 's neighbors competitiveness ? 
  ... then pays billions into funds that get to pretty much all eu member states to support their economies . 
  you 're welcome . 
   the one with a irrationally religious fear of inflation ? 
  we already learned our lessons . 
  the us will eventually learn . 
  i can but hope it wo n't happen in your lifetime - that will be ugly .
