  they are to be repatriated after the war . 
   and why ca n't they be classified as pow ? 
  would that legally legitimize the `` caliphate '' ? 
  they are n't to be classified as pows because * they are not members of armed forces in the sense of the word ( iii geneva 4.1.1 ) * they do not have a single identifying sign and thus do not count as `` volunteer forces '' , also , they give a shit about rules of war . 
  ( 4.2.2 ) the question about legitimization of the caliphate is tricky ... but in the end , it 's legal status is pretty much irrelevant as long as it functions as a state-like actor . 
  the moment you do racial profiling or start pulling the only remaining citizenship from people , you are pretty similar to other regimes who did that before - like , for instance , nazi germany . 
  and no , you can only prosecute people once they * committed * a crime . 
  precog is not a good thing . 
   2176 will be our 300th birthday though . 
   are you sure ? 
  i guess we 'll see in 2176 if the us - by any sane standard an authoritarian dictatorship with electoral elements - still exists , 
  actually , pow is a very clearly defined term , and these guys are n't qualifying under any circumstance ( which , btw , is a good thing ), 
  given i actually consider the croatia role ... what is a nice , ideally adrianic place to go with few tourists ? 
  yeah , after all , who does n't want to enjoy themselves with cocktails at the beach in a war zone ? 
  we like the fact that we are n't fascists anymore , than you very much . 
   well , i mean , we went from a small coastal backwater who 's republic nobody thought would survive , to a continent-spanning global superpower . 
  so did nazi germany , only it did n't take us two centuries . 
  great , now right-wing us media has a poster image for `` the homosexual agenda '' ^ tm . 
  well done . 
  actually , 7/10 unless op considers one of these an eu member state : switzerland , singapore , usa . 
  my guess is that the outer layer gets corrupted and seals the inner layer in , keeping it sufficiently reactive . 
  it gets better : they were mostly teenagers , child soldiers . 
  the distinction alone shows a very ... unhealthy relationship to ones own body , 
  so you say only young , well-built people may show off their bodies ? 
  extremely-increased self-esteem . 
  i 've seen american tourists in a german shop throwing a fit because they did not have credit card acceptancs and neither wanted dollars , because `` they take dollars in every other third-world country '' . 
  pretty much sums it up . 
  german cops took care of the situation and invited them over to the precinct . 
  as in `` all the time '' , as it is the official naval ensign of their navy . 
  does n't look too pretty , but is built to last . 
  so much , in fact , that they are for all practical means too expensive to remove . 
  oh , sweet summer child . 
   it 's my fault that you wo n't stop commenting after someone 's made it clear they do n't want to talk to you this , by the way , is another application of the concept of freedom of speech . 
  just because you do not want to listen or discuss does not mean i have to shut up . 
   its my fault that you 're too lazy to reason and are allergic to research . 
  you want to destroy human rights , you bring your arguments which then are discussed . 
  you do not get to make others do `` research '' into fascist ideologies just so you then can claim that 's not what you believe . 
   exactly like a trumptie !, 
  you are familiar with the concept of `` projection '' from psychology , right ? 
  because you do act surprisingly like them as well . 
   enjoy your freedumb !, 
  spoken like a true fascist . 
  and yet , you feel unable to come back again and again . 
  obviously , you are not done yet . 
  by the way , there is no dislike button . 
  you may want to read up on the reddiquette again . 
   yup , exactly like talking to a trumpeter . 
  and another * ad hominem * . 
  i 'm still waiting for a viable argument for the policies you propose . 
  when americans do this , it 's called `` patriotism '' . 
  at least we do n't force our children to salute a piece of cloth every day anymore . 
  there are few reasons why i would suggest forced emigration of a minor ... but this certainly is one . 
  hm , my approximation comes from a schoolbook back when i was in school ... it was likely set up in the early 1980s . 
  if germany was the `` heirs of hitler '' , none of you would exist anymore . 
  we have evolved , learned to dominate through trade and economy . 
  and to trade , you need others to trade * with * . 
  after years and years of training , and only for short amounts of time . 
  120 paces is much more achievable and maintainable over long distances . 
  in germany , it is n't . 
  actually , daft punk 's average bpm of 123 is pretty close to the ideal 120 steps per minute marching speed used by the bundeswehr ( and prussian armies before that ), 
   lol . 
  am i on / r/the _ donald ? 
  you argue like them !, 
  * ad hominem * , uncalled for . 
  it is not i who seems to be unwilling for a civilized discussion . 
  but for everyone else who is reading this - this is the perfect example how an extremist , autocratic censorship pans out - the moment arguments do n't hold up anymore , they devolve into insults , assaults , they flee from discussion , and eventually , they call for bans . 
   if you ca n't admit that you were wrong to say i had the absolute opinion please explain how your position is anything but absolute . 
  i am not going to retract something i am convinced of - this is not the spanish inquisition . 
  how is wanting to outrightly * ban * certain topics from being discussed anything but an absolute , extremist position to take ? 
   close minded ( absolute ) , unresearched and based on pure ego/belief . 
  how openminded do i need to be to what i consider to be some kind of weird protofascism for you to . 
  what unbiased research is there that shows obliterating human rights is in some way beneficial ? 
  why is standing up to the ideals of the enlightenment in any way based on ego ? 
   nothing works ; up to now , you only managed to attack my character . 
  i have not seen any viable argument from you . 
   i have young students who understands this sentence and what it means . 
  freedom , amongst other things , is calling bullshit when bullshit is presented . 
  like in this case . 
  freedom , my friend , can not be * abused * . 
  it can only be used , and it diminishes if it is n't used often enough . 
  after this exchange , i have come to the conclusion that you are indeed an extremist , an authoritarian in the making , and that it is not me , but you , who follows their ideological beliefs with an unhealthy religious fervor . 
  i can but hope that your ideology , like all autocratic ideologies , eventually dies out either naturally or with the support of someone 's military . 
  or is it just that their long rows of hitlers were more successful than `` our '' one ? 
   stalin was georgian and georgia was then ussr - so he was soviet , not russian . 
  also , america is about 30 % german - the largest immigration group , for that matter . 
  also : hitler was austrian . 
  that is a very ... liberal meaning of `` belonged to '' . 
   the guillotine is probably the most linked object with the ~ ~ french revolution . ~ ~ france . 
  ftfy, 
  yes , my position is absolute . 
  there either is freedom , or there is n't , there either is free speech , or there is n't . 
  you ca n't be `` a little pregnant '' . 
  this is not a disadvantage of my position , it is what keeps it reliable and ethical . 
   you 're now putting words in my mouth and twisting them to absolute . 
  of course , your position is absolute as well . 
  you do not want speech to be free : you want it filtered , certain kinds banned , you want chained and unfree speech . 
  you want an autocratic system in which someone ( a dictator , a committee , or something like the ` healthy feelings of the population ' ) decides what can be said , and what not . 
  people with such autocratic fantasies often try to hide them behind `` this is a grey area , it 's not black and white '' approach , when very much it is . 
  ( i do give you the benefit of the doubt , though , in considering that i completely misunderstood you . ), 
   you lie and twist to `` win '' .
