   and the sad thing is that german people have not benefited from that in the slightest . . and that 's the reason why telling germans to pay higher taxes , retire later and get less benefits to save peoples who got two-digit raises in the last decade is going to be a * hard * sell . 
  as it stands , the ruling parties are well-advised to dismantle the eu rather than forgive greek debts - if they do , it 's going to be political suicide . 
  what your well-thought comment does not explain , though , is why portugal and spain , both countries hit * worse * by the crisis , have little problems solving their issues , and actually punch the greek government harder than the germans do . 
   it 's not a stretch to say that a heavily indebted nation that has to pay a massive amount of debt every year will have a hard time to do anything meaningful related to its economy . 
  remember the interwar era ? 
  that 's what you get when you put an industrious country into crippling - unfair - debt . 
  it is good the allies learned their lesson the first time . 
   you ca n't have entire nations indebted for centuries . 
  the problems most of us have with the greece situation is that if we just strike out all of their debts ( which essentially means paying them ourselves ) , chances are we got the very same situation again a decade down the road . 
  you ca n't just leech off your neighbors . 
  i am aware of him . 
  he does n't fit the narrative , though . 
  in reality , it makes me feel bad for his replacement guy , zenon jankowski , who never got the chance for a space flight . 
   inverse correlation between support for ukip and immigration we have the same phenomeon in germany - the less immigrants a county has , the more likely it will vote far-right . 
   schr\u00f6der actually celebrated himself for establishing the largest low-wage-market in europe by implementing the hartz-laws . 
  aka . 
  `` getting germany back on track after a decade of reunification-induced depression , unemployment and economic decline '' . 
  you do n't pay reparations to random countries . 
  we never surrendered to greece . 
  there is no claim . 
  we still paid them * some * monies , not because we had to , but because it was the right thing to do . 
  it was then understood these monies should get distributed to the surviving civilians . 
  in 1960 , greece accepted 115 million marks as compensation for nazi crimes . 
  well ... to be fair , if you go into some eastern towns and villages , they should be happy for someone to give them such splendid plattenbauten . 
  still damn impressive for an eurovision participant . 
  that 's actually how a lot of germans think poland looks like . 
  you all were on vacation , right ? 
  still can not into space . 
  you 're destroying tea . 
  that 's barbaric in it 's own way . 
   berlin neighbours , when one day i started to run around my neighborhood in a polish uniform , with an ak in hand violation of the kriegswaffenkontrollgesetz . 
  off to prison you go . 
  barbarians doing barbarian things . 
  nothing to see here . 
  also , the east indies have n't been british for quite some time . 
  nuclear testing does not necessarily have to be an actual device being detonated . 
  much of this can nowadays be simulated in computers . 
  other tests are subcritical or use surrogates for actually radioactive components . 
  i would hope that if this extremely optimistic situation happens , ukraine will have learned it 's lesson : nuclear disarmament is a * bad * idea . 
  of course they say that . 
  they consider crimea to be part of their territory . 
  why would n't they think they are perfectly in the right to do this ? 
  yeah , then let 's subtract the puny per-capita sums germans pay and see where that leaves you with the most generous per-capita sums of cypus , malta and denmark . 
   i love how many austrians and others seem to think they have claims on italian territories . 
  if there are any ` sudtirolers ' who hate us as much as you they can move to austria , but l'alto adige is n't going anywhere . 
  we used to say the same about elsass-lothringen . 
  do n't rock boats if you are not willing to create waves that might turn against you . 
  per capita spending is pretty much irrelevant - it skews payments to make lesser-populated countries look more relevant . 
  in the end , the only number that actually counts is how much money greece got . 
   well we have never had an easy deal going away scot 's free because you turned your coat at the right point ... not an easy deal , huh ? 
   nor did we commit any great atrocities yeah , the s\u00fcdtiroler might have a word with you about that . 
  not only did the italians form death squads there , they also put a memorial for the unit responsible up * in * southern tirol ( that 's the equivalent of setting up a statue for adolf hitler right next to the mourning wall ) . 
   does n't really seem fair . 
  oh , now we are talking * fairness * , huh ? 
  when will italy balance her books ? 
   without it there would have been no incentive for europeans to buy german products which might have made germany europe 's basket case today . 
  superior quality obviously is not an incentive . 
   nobody else in history has had such an easy deal says the italian ... 
   i do n't see the term pigs thrown around as much nowadays that 's because spain and portugal got their shit together , or at least are trying to . 
   i 'm not sure why germany 's in charge of the union all of a sudden . 
  the golden rule : he who has the gold , makes the rules . 
   in 1953 germany had 50 % of its debt erased , and only had to pay interest to countries who imported enough german goods to maintain a trade surplus in their favor . 
  in exchange we provided a convinient puffer zone to a stalinist aggressor and played potential nuclear battlefield . 
  all while we restarted european industry . 
  you 're welcome . 
   but since germany is n't doing them any favours right now , excuse me ? 
  greece would be more akin to early-2000s argentina if not for us . 
  oh , i am sure they can do better . 
  like forbidding lufthansa machines to start again from greek airfields until some insane demand is met . 
  just because a majority of a group has a designation does not mean a future sample of the group should have the same distribution of that designation . 
  and your point is ? 
  this is not an education issue , it 's a `` willing to do the grunt work '' issue . 
  they sanctioned * importing * that kind of stuff . 
  when the russians are here , we are n't importing anything . 
  i did n't intend to diminish the french effort : great job , seriously . 
  just wanting to point out that the myth of the impenetrable us carrier group has sunk some time ago , and the burgers had seven years to improve their defenses - and obviously did n't . 
  well , hear it from a 30-something middle class guy : things have started moving which i can not think of as `` good '' . 
  i 'm planning an exit . 
  so should anyone not willing to live in a more autoratic , more nationalistic system . 
  read some external risk management think tanks ( stratfor comes to mind ) , and make your own decisions . 
  yeah , yeah , it 's all fun and giggles , until someone starts to bleed . 
  with a darkening economic outlook and rising nationalism , it 's likely that a `` volkszorn '' will eventually ignite - and then may $ deity have mercy on us all . 
  well , too bad . 
  if they are dressed like that , they definitely need a style consultant . 
  and some warm clothes . 
  formerly known as `` verband der heimatvertriebenen '' . 
  nowadays called `` traitors '' . 
  do n't worry , the pushback will happen ... and i think it will destroy a lot of the freedoms everyone has had before these crazies took over . 
   the french military is no joke . 
  the german one is - and even we got to sink one of your carriers ( uss enterprise vs. u-24 , 2007 ) . 
  u-24 was 34 years old when that incident happened . 
   like , this is total amateur hour . 
  that 's exactly what i would want my intelligence agency to look like : perfectly incompetent , not to be taken seriously . 
  there 's opportunity here . 
  sell them goods and services . 
  technically , this is a vocabulary issue , not a grammar one . 
  ( yeah , yeah , i know : grammar nazi confirmed ), 
  after some research , i extend my apologies to all portugese ... actually [ spain built a submarine that can dive , but not resurface ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/24/spain-submarine-s-81-isaac-peral-cant-float_n_3328683.html ) . 
  other than portugal , which just bought theirs from someone who knows how to build them , the spanish decided to roll their own . 
  wait , was n't / r/europe all waving flags and celebrating about this happening only a few months ago ?
