   you think putting nato armor here is dangerous , i think its the opposite . 
  so most of your sentences do n't make sense in my view . 
  if you are unable to consider opposing view for their potential merit , then maybe you should not have a standpoint on military deployments in the first place . 
   tanks and troops here , best way to keep putin on his side of the border . 
  best way to make the russians feel actively threatened - which usually makes them go and throw all at you they have . 
  [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ciy5r-tlie ) . 
   and can you understand that estonia has no chance against russia in a war alone since russia is more than 100 times bigger ? 
  estonia also has no chance of survival in a nato/russian war . 
  you 're a front-line country , you will be wiped out first , more so if you actively harbor a threat . 
  your best hope is to appear harmless . 
   are you a child to make such idiotic remarks in regards learning russian or emigrate ? 
  you are obviously unhappy with your neighbor . 
  the routes maximizing your happiness are to either adapt or flee , as fighting is not an option - you said so yourself . 
   we are part of europe you know . 
  well , so is belarus , and i do n't hear anyone calling on us to defend * them * . 
   it has helped to keep peace in europe . 
  it - on several occassions - almost led to the complete destruction of the world as we know it . 
   i know russia more than you ever will at your nice comfortable and safe distance . 
  given the little insight in the russian psyche you have demonstrated in this post of yours , i would doubt that . 
  and what makes you believe that destabilizing the region is going to not cause warfare ? 
  so ... how long do you plan to survive in a nato-russian conflict ? 
  2 minutes , or 3 ? 
  anytime that appears to be the less bad way to resolve a situation , yes . 
  and because russia has taken some clay on which mostly ethnic russians live on , suddenly , poland is at risk of being attacked ? 
  maybe you should take less of those psychedelics . 
  so , instead of either learning russian or fight for yourself or emigrate , you want someone else to die for you - and you want them to * cheer * while they march to their pointless deaths ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  if germany actually * was * a leader , there would not be third-world countries in eastern europe in nato or the eu in the first place . 
  doing this was insane to begin with - and without eu influence in the ukraine , there would n't be a civil war there right now . 
  but then , where would the great american military superhero 's hard-on come into play , right ? 
  how about you stage your nice little war in the us mainland instead over here ? 
  the us is an ally only on paper nowadays , in fact , it regularily commits acts of war against us . 
  for all i care , go and get lost . 
  we do not ban npd because it 's better to have all the right-wing nutjobs in one organization that we can control instead of five thousand fringe groups which we mostly wo n't know about . 
  i 'm curious ... when you were in school , did you tease and laugh at the school 's bully because he `` could not hurt you '' ? 
  if so , how well did that turn out ? 
  ah , you understand requesting in * that * meaning . 
  well , anyone can request anything from anyone . 
  most of the time , they wo n't get it , or the request is nonsensical and potentially harmful . 
  what you do not seem to get is that by holding parades near the russian border , what you essentially do is to paint a big bulls-eye on your backs . 
  a russian-nato war will wipe out your countries completely - and you should consider yourselves `` the lucky ones '' - the rest of us will have to live in a post-nuclear wasteland for your bullshit . 
  huh ? 
  you 're freely associating right now , are you not ? 
  a majority which would rather not have a nuclear conflict in their front yards . 
  a conflict the us and our eastern neighbors are currently actively trying to ignite , it seems . 
   kalingrad was part of russian sfsr since 1945 . 
  actually , kaliningrad was german territory under soviet administration between 1945 and ~ ~ 1990 ~ ~ 1991 . 
   are you aware that baltics are nato countries and can request troops from their allies if needed ? 
  i am aware they are nato members and they can request * support * . 
  they can not request troops . 
  to the one downvoting this : [ re-read the north atlantic treaty and tell me where i 'm wrong ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm ), 
  `` he is not subscribing to the same ideas i am , so he must be the enemy '' . 
  yeah , flawless logic . 
  you are aware that since ~ ~ 1990 ~ ~ 1991 , kaliningrad actually * is * russian territory , while the baltics are * not * us territory ? 
  yay for cuban missile crisis 2.0 : the lithuanian gambit . 
  actually , most germans i know were rather ... yeah , ashamed of that victory . 
  it was more a public execution of what we considered to be a dangerous opponent . 
  it should n't have been so easy . 
  oh , i agree that greeks are europeans . 
  i just pointed out that the origin of a word does not automatically make the people whose language the word originated in members of the group it describes . 
  first , i want to thank you for admitting defeat . 
  maybe in a few days , you will reread this and reconsider your viewpoint - then maybe you can grow a little bit personally . 
   you do n't know history , what makes you think so ? 
  maybe it is just that i draw different conclusions from history than you do . 
   you 're not understanding basic objective ideas that i 'm putting forward , such as ? 
   and you 're going back to your initial argument relies on twisting my argument . 
  i 'm not even sure what you are referring to here . 
   world war 1 was motivated by the foolery of men that got high off of bismarck 's ass-fumes . 
  if you knew any german history at all , you would know bismarck was actually kicked out of his office by wilhelm ii because he was * too pacifist * and considered germany to be `` saturiert '' . 
  world war i was carefully prepared by europes industrial-military complex - most famously the thyssen , blohm and krupp groups - ever since the early 1900s and just needed a reason to eventually trigger . 
  it had precedessor conflicts , though ( google `` kanonenbootpolitik '' ) . 
   world war 2 was motivated by the foolery of several nations getting high on the fumes of their burning nations actually , the european theatre was triggered by hitler starting job-creation policies that eventually had to be paid , and he planned to get the dough for that from the spoils of a war . 
  the pacific theatre was triggered by japan 's attempt to secure natural ressources in northern china in 1937 - and us 's standard oil trying to do the same ( which led to scrap metal embargoes against japan and thus directly to pearl harbour ) . 
  the us-part of the vietnam war was triggered by geopolitical fears about strategic shipping routes and a possible communist takeover of us-friendly thailand and singapore . 
   but the causes of these wars do n't matter , because we 're not talking about attacking , we 're talking about defending another nato member in the event of a russian attack . 
  indeed . 
  and most think it was an error to let these eastern european countries into nato in the first place , because they have virtually no military ressources , but are prime victims . 
  they were allowed in because the us wanted to ruffle the russian 's jimmies ... and the us has been successful in doing so . 
   you 're very strung up in an ideology that has no basis in reality . 
  well , obviously you think nuclear war is winnable . 
  i wonder which of our ideologies is less based in reality . 
   and you are preaching the betrayal of an agreement that has kept europe more peaceful than it ever has been . 
  the absence of war is not peace . 
  still , nato should have died when the cold war ended . 
   the pacifist nation will always be at the boots of its neighbors . 
  that 's pseudoreligious dogma . 
   [ switzerland ] switzerland is one hell of a country to invade for very little economic gain . 
  it 's also very , very easy to defend . 
  they 're not `` bigger wolves '' , they 're just not worth the expense in material and human life - it 's easier to just trade with them . 
   your standpoint has no merit in a world full of aggressors , what a bleak way of thinking about your fellow men . 
  do you sleep with a gun under your pillow because your girlfriend might attack you in your sleep ? 
   on the basis of them being demonstrably wrong . 
  i agree that * one * of us two is wrong . 
  we disagree on whom that person is , though . 
  yes . 
  and still this is a culture which actively teaches it 's kids petty crime is not only not an issue , but actively encouraged , and has been for centuries . 
  they are threatening both their host societies as well as the welfare of their children . 
  so , we have to make a decision : do we accept this kind of upbringing , or not ? 
   there will be plenty of other countries that will line up to use threats and other political games to get a better deal on their contracts . 
  and that 's why you do not negotiate with terrorists .
