  doing so is violating human rights . 
   if some one opts out you deny them access to schools and other public buildings and if their kid dies or gets a permanent damage due to the lack of vaccination , you charge them with murder or mayhem . 
  now we 're pulling strings , are n't we ? 
   it was classified to be a war crime the very minute german and proxy forces marched into the soviet union with no declaration of war breaking an international treaty in the process . 
  neither the invasion nor the breaking of an international treaty are considered war crimes under the hague cconvention . 
   attacking a country with no declaration is also a war crime . 
  and has been considered to be so for hundreds of years . 
  yes , and germans declared war on soviet russia , twice : * friedrich-werner graf von der schulenburg to wjatscheslaw molotow in moskau 22.06.1941 , 4am cest * joachim von ribbentrop to wladimir georgijewitsch dekanosow in berlin , 22.06.1941 , shortly after 4am cest . 
   you do realise that being born does n't make you a nazi , joining hitler 's party makes you a nazi . 
  no , it makes you an opportunist . 
  you also have to embrace the ideology . 
  by the way , see no hint of him ever been in the nsdap . 
   operation `` barbarossa '' in itself is classified as a war crime . 
  ex post facto , and after the opposing side won . 
  up to then , it would have been classified as a standard military operation . 
   `` scorched earth '' policy was mandated in the soviet lands by the high command . 
  a policy that was employed by both sides in the theatre . 
   besides , does n't being a literal nazi qualify you for scumbag title ? 
  so , just having the misfortune to have been born on the piece of clay which eventually became nazi germany qualifies people for the scumbag title ? 
  that reeks a bit like racism and propaganda , does n't it ? 
  my point is : unless direct involvement in such war crimes can be prooven , this is not `` scumbag '' material . 
  sounds like a military officer doing his job . 
  hardly comparable to the likes of leo iii or that pasha guy . 
  it 's ok , / u/jonstiniho89 , i know the truth hurts , and so is realizing you have lost relevance in 1947 . 
  denial is the first stage of grief , your politicians are already at stage 3 - bargaining . 
  but it 's all going to be over soon . 
  this time , it is not us who have started a hostile act by leaving a peace project of 28 member states . 
  last time we did that , it was the league of nations . 
  i guess an educated population would have remembered it 's history lessons and how that turned out . 
   it how often do i have to point out that vaccinating some one is n't the same as killing him . 
  usually not , no . 
  but not always . 
   how many permanent damages are caused bey mandatory vaccines ( those mentioned in the article to be precise ) ? 
  now compare it to the death rates before those vacines were invented . 
  a few hundred cases per year in germany alone . 
  more if you take into account that insurance companies are not accepting a lot of the claims . 
  but this is not a number 's game . 
  ethically , you can not enforce a policy that minimizes risk of death if it is not completely risk-free . 
  i remember the mid-1970s , when you were desperate for sweet , sweet money to keep yourself afloat . 
  history will repeat itself . 
   therefore a government have to minimize the risks for all people and is entitled to deny you access to for example schools as long as you pose a risk . 
  i completely agree , but then the state may not make school attendance mandatory . 
   it 's about risk management because the risk of getting a deadly disease , if not vaccinated is far greater then having a bad reaction to a vaccine , so no comparison there . 
  very utilitaristic . 
  if the state decides to eradicate stds , may it kill carriers of stds ? 
   the risk of getting a deadly disease or one which leaves permanent damage is far greater than having a bad reaction to a vaccine so how low does the chance of getting shot have to be to make you press your forehead onto the barrel of a gun ? 
  one in ten ? 
  one in a hundred ? 
  one in a thousand ? 
   when your kid is old enough he / she can opt out , but up until this point you are acting in his / her best interest . 
  being healthy is in his / her best interest . 
  we agree up to this point . 
  i am pointing out , though , that a vacciniation which involves risks may not be in the best interest of a child . 
   public interest aka , the `` you are nothing , your people is everything . '' - approach . 
  again , why stop with vacciniations , why not forcibly euthanize all the sick people ? 
  after all , public health is in the public interest and individual rights have to take the back seat when public interests are at stake , according to your argument . 
   and do n't pretend a vaccination is like amputating an arm or a leg . 
  if they become mandatory , there is no big difference . 
   well as i said : as soon as the doctor notices complications , he will stop the vaccination ( and at this point your kid relies on herd immunity ) . 
  and the damage might already have been done by then . 
   forcing a ( save ) vaccination against a dangerous disease is n't the same as killing a handy caped . 
  there is no such thing as a safe anything . 
  in both examples , a state decides to enforce medical procedures upon those who may disagree . 
   i guess you are a troll . 
  and i guess you do not believe in things like right to bodily autonomy ( or human rights per se ) . 
   but we are talking about your kid , so somehow , magically , my kid has less human rights than i do ? 
  that 's a fucked up world you want to live in . 
   there is no reasonable way to argue against my point hahahaha , yeah , right . 
  `` do n't bother , i am sure i will win '' . 
  that works everytime . 
   ose vaccines are tested and used for decades and the risks for the average person are practically none existent . 
  they are not zero , therefore from an ethical standpoint , they may not be mandatory . 
  i can assure you once you are desparate enough , you will . 
  the british are known for their pragmatism . 
  choice always comes with consequences . 
  and here you got the reason why we suddenly are compfy and nice with the chinese . 
  well , black uniforms are over there , the correct angle is 47 degrees , be loud and make sure to be understood . 
  the actual strangeness does derive from the fact that the policy this fellow proposes ( xenophobia , strong military , law and order ) actually enabled the holocaust . 
  also less comfortable and more deadly . 
  sounds more like their coffers were n't filled quite high enough . 
  ah , you 're on the `` killing one for the benefit of many '' camp . 
  and what makes you say that ? 
   honestly now , do you really believe that actually living through measels or other diseases like tetanus , which can be prevented , is better then beeing vaccinated ? 
  not at all . 
  but i do not want to live in a place where the state can send goons to ram needles into your kid against it 's and your will . 
   which is quite a diffrence and what can happen does n't equal death like it does in your example . 
  yep , it might actually be worse than death . 
  alright , you are a troll . 
  thanks for playing . 
  very low , somewhere in the region of 0,00001 - what 's only those insurance companies have accepted to be directly linked , though . 
  so , feeling lucky today ? 
  would you press your forehead onto the barrel of an automatic gun which releases once every few thousand times ? 
   and do n't forget about herd immunity . 
  by not vaccinating you endanger a person who would like to be immunized but ca n't because of a weak immune system . 
  that 's a wonderful argument if you decide to ignore the rights of the individual . 
   it requires a medical specialist to perform a medical procedure . 
  that 's a very narrow definition of a `` medical procedure '' which does not take legality in account . 
   1 ) then the first state will sue the entire second one for inferring on my right to have an abortion . 
  not gon na happen . 
   2 ) state meaning nation state , not federal state .
