  there was a murder in my neighbouring town last week ( which is rather rare ) . 
  why not execute you , or anyone , for that matter , because after all there is a tiny chance you are guilty ? 
  what are the gurantees that , if ever released from prison , you go on with your murdering spree ? 
  really , death penalty is awfully final , especially when administered by legal systems that do not have a good track record of getting the investigation right . 
  that 's the reason why most civilized nations have abolished it . 
  in liability , those are `` risks '' , and when risks get real , the liability should get spread , just like the liabilities for large-scale disasters should get spread . 
  we all claim to have benefitted from the eu , and it is dishonest to now point to single member states to save it . 
  yes , this includes new member states . 
  yes , this includes non-eurozone countries . 
  yes , this includes countries that are not set up financially that well . 
  what caused the disaster is another matter , and one that will be handled when the immediate danger is over . 
  by the way , which one is the european union member state that fought hard to prevent an eu-wide financial market oversight to strengthen its own banking and trading sector ? 
  right . 
  nobody likes to pay , but when tons of money were transferred to new members for building infrastructure and supporting farmers , everyone neatly stood in line for the cheques . 
  you wanted in , now you are . 
  time to pay the fair share , romania . 
  oh , you wished ... telegraph = instantly not reliable, 
  sure we do . 
  we just do n't walk around telling everyone how great and awesome we are . 
   germany has no strict gun control either and so do other countries with low crime rate like canada or even sweden . 
  excuse me ? 
  i ca n't talk for sweden , but german gun control is almost paranoid , and after a few school shooting incidents in the last decade , it got even worse . 
  rule of thumb : you can not buy a gun here if you are not a hunter or a sport shooter , and those have to adhere to security standards that make it unfeasible to use them in large-scale crime . 
   look at germany and stuttgart 21 demonstrations . 
  yes . 
  and then look what happened to the guys who ordered that . 
  the ruling party ( ruling since the late 1940s ! ), 
  got removed by elections , the police chief got kicked out of his office , and there are very serious charges against the officers . 
  compare this to the pat on the head and the paid vacation for the ows-policemen . 
   for the guy who lost his eyesight the police was doing its job pretty `` militant '' . 
  right . 
  if you happen to chance getting a water thrower pointing directly at your eye , your eye is likely to get destroyed . 
  this was the off chance , and most likely not intended as a viable mission target . 
  how does this compare to fracturing skulls with batons ? 
   you are free to choose another doctor at any time . 
  if you are immobilized , you 're not . 
  seriously , doctors who deny necessary care and let their patients die should be tried as manslaugter cases . 
  but over at the states , powerful forces try to make that the standard operating procedure for reproduction medicine . 
   you will continue to trumped your unsophisticated world view in everybody 's face . 
  you seriously ca n't do better ? 
  so , all this does not happen , with a certain frequency ? 
  you have strict gun control ? 
  your cops are not using ever-more-militant ways of doing their jobs ? 
  your doctors can not deny you care because the care you need runs against their religious/moral beliefs ? 
  you do n't spend your cash mostly in war ? 
  tsa is not sexual assault ? 
  the folks responsible for `` camp x-ray '' were tried in an international war crimes tribunal ? 
  your insurance system works , even if the damage is long-term ? 
  i 'm not referencing the far distant time , i 'm referencing things i have read from different sources from within the last year . 
  well , if you want to have a good look at * real * state-sponsored terrorism , just have fun watching a random ( especially north-east ) german soccer game . 
  pure terror created by fans before and after the game , supported by the sportf\u00f6rderung . 
  three , out of 82 million . 
  or one out of roughly 27.3 million . 
  how about you tell us your nationality so i can find your state-sponsored terrorism ? 
  that aside , we have 1 . 
  no idea if they really were funded by the vs 2 . 
  if they really did kill those kebab-shop owners ( it feels a lot like they just put a series of unsolved crimes together just to close the files , especially with two of the three folks dead ) . 
  and after ten years ... two guys commit `` suicide '' with a gun ( yeah , right ) and then burn down the building ( why do you burn down a building ? 
  to make evidence disappear ... ), 
  welcome to the 21 ^ st century . 
  it 's been a while since we were genocidal . 
  interestingly you feel a lot like the americans the linked blog post describes : not all the irish are drunk potato farmer ira victims who cross the ocean in rags and on a ship . 
  and most of us germans are no longer wearing nazi uniforms and go on well-organized killing sprees . 
  land of the free ? 
  free to get shot because every madman and his dog can own arms ? 
  free to get shot by traffic cops because you had the idea to get your license out too slowly ? 
  dying because your doctor thinks a medical procedure is against his personal believe system ? 
  being ruled by madmen ( no , ours at least pretend to think about what they are doing ) ? 
  spending more on war than on groceries ? 
  having someone assault me anytime i get into a plane ? 
  a land where war criminals get hanged for torturing people , but only if those criminals are not wearing an us uniform ? 
  earning slightly higher , but having to pay every single desaster out of your own pocket ( insurance rules ) ? 
  no , not my kind of country . 
  technically , they do n't use hare-niemeyer like we do , but have a kind of modified d\u2019hondt algorithm , which makes it easier for large parties to get a representative . 
  it 's just a bad translation . 
  `` leiden '' can mean `` to suffer '' in the medical sense , but it also can mean `` to endure '' or `` to accept '' . 
  `` jemand leidet an einem mangel von xyz '' is a common flowery phrase that is not really translatable . 
   that shit is illegal according to german law meeeeep wrong . 
  racism and racist talking points are shunned in public discourse , but not illegal . 
  i think you refer to \u00a7 130 stgb , the `` volksverhetzung '' paragraph . 
  read the first three semi-sentences , and think about what  `` wer in einer weise , die geeignet ist , den \u00f6ffentlichen frieden zu st\u00f6ren '' really means : it is only illegal if the racist could `` disturb the peace '' . 
  peaceful racism is perfectly legal . 
  for example , if i point at the olympic statistics and say `` central africans are much better long-distance runners , probably because of their genetic makeup and it 's leaning to muscle endurance '' , the statement is racist , but not volksverhetzung . 
  it would n't even be racist if i would call them `` negroes '' . 
  it only becomes volksverhetzung if i attack the group , ask for violence and hate towards them , and do so in a manner that would result in public outcry . 
  so ... `` let 's keep going as we did , let others face the bill '' ? 
  i do n't see how this will ring well with the eu crowd , either . 
  hm , i 'm not happy with our taxation system , either , but that 's no reason to burn greek flags and shout on the streets how papandreou is a 21 ^ th century version of ioannis metaxas . 
  these protests are obviously anti-german and anti-europe . 
   there is no reason for greece to leave the eu . 
  the eurozone . 
  different things . 
   everyone will agree that this is still better than the chaos of the alternative . 
  because they now magically see the alternative for the first time ? 
  if there is a national unity to remain in the eurozone , even if it gets extremely painful , why protest and stall the own recovery at all ? 
  merkel said - and i do not paraphrase this - that the referendum will be considered to be about if the greeks want to stay in the eurozone . 
  if they vote against the austerity measures ( and given what i read and see daily , i strongly believe they will ) , that 's it . 
  turkey is an important strategic partner to the middle east . 
  you 'd be surprised how tangible `` human rights '' are when they hinder economic success . 
  i think they will be part of the eu within the next 15 years .
