  again , it will hit us , hard . 
  but we will crawl out again wiser , and stronger . 
   i just do n't understand why your government cares exclusively about the less urgent of these things . 
  because we think the southern countries are doomed , and the euro with it . 
  why waste ressources and security for saving something that is not saveable ? 
  the crisis will come , it only is a question of * when * . 
   broke the stability and growth pact to suit political needs ... without endangering either it 's own triple-a rating , nor endangering other economies in the eurozone . 
   they think with an increase of 1 % they 're going to buy bread with carts of coins . 
  my country had massive inflation in the last century , twice . 
  we know poverty . 
  my great-grandpa was a paper trader , and i still have that photograph of him with ten truckloads of banknotes . 
   start burning jews * sigh * here we go again . 
  unrelated thing . 
  we 'd be really grateful if not everything we do that foreign countries dislike would immediately be linked to a genocide we did more than half a century ago . 
   so instead , they prefer to do nothing and see the country around them go down and hope it 's going to go alright for them . 
  the only reason we have joined the euro was because we were explicitly promised this would not happen . 
  it is a breach of treaty , and we dislike that - we dislike that so much , in fact , that most of us would rather see the system go down in flames than save it . 
   germany is really a fucking dumb place for all international affairs . 
  not being involved in wars for  60 years is not dumb , it 's a success story . 
   some dictator is going to kill thousands of civilians a few hundreds kilometers away ? 
  not germany 's problem . 
  some dictator in the * process * to kill thousands of civilians a few hundred kilometers away where there is not a single drop of oil in the ground ? 
  not the world 's problem . 
  really , the whole libya intervention changed the situation from bad to worse . 
  instead of a dictator who still could be reasoned with , and who held the area under control , we now have religious fanatics running a group of mobs fighting themselves and sooner or later , their neighbors . 
  you would think the world had learned a thing or two from iraq ... 
  germans do n't support it , because in our eyes , the whole eurozone ( but us ) behaved like teenage girls who got hands on their daddy 's credit card and a week in the mall , while we have limited our real wages because we were supposed to be `` austere '' . 
  now we should risk the little security we have to rescue systems that are doomed with or without our intervention , based on the promise of eu-level oversight . 
  nope . 
  remember the story about the grasshopper and the ant ? 
  well , winter has come , dear grasshoppers . 
  i willfully never got into * that * kind of discussion , because you seem to have a romanticized version of banking history . 
  there always were bubbles , and most of the times overtly-extended debt was solved by killing the bankers ( which often happened to be jewish , hence progroms ), 
  what you describe is keynesianism , and while it is an interesting concept , today it is not someone saving and spending anticyclical , but spending less , and spending more anticyclical . 
  the system becomes unusable once you have different entities ( as in : states ) , which have different economic phases , which effectually makes the system chaotic , not calculatable , and spending/saving efforts nil . 
   banks add restrictions and heavy penalties to clients who want to be cut loose early from some investments . 
  but if the banks do it it 's ok i assume ... even between banks and lenders there is freedom of contract . 
  if the lender agrees to such fines in the contract , it is fair . 
  if the bank does not want to lend someone without such restrictions , it is fair , as well . 
  do not blame one party for another party 's bad negotiating skills . 
   a bit late do n't you think ? 
  i agree that it is a little late , but otoh , would we have been happier with conservative-lending banks , and no development in our third-world member states ? 
  i am using something that has happened , is happening this very moment , though i have simplified the example . 
  money invested in a country is not the money of said country . 
  it belongs to its owners . 
  if a country had created a system where its population does not suffer merely from foreign investments , then it is hardly the blame of the investor when it wants the money back . 
   this culture of impunity , where banks can lend at high risk whilst offloading the failures onto governments must stop . 
  that 's exactly what happens right now , with the austrian state ordering the austrian banks to be more sensible with their investing . 
  seems like the romanians do n't like that newly-found austerity very much . 
  hypothetical example : so , we have something like a pension fund , managed by one bank , with guranteed , fixed returns . 
  half of the population 's money is invested in greece . 
  half of the population 's money is invested in romania . 
  greece fails . 
  the bank decides to rearrange investments to minimize the negative impact of greek failure , and retracts money from romania . 
  how is this wrong ? 
  after your downvote spree , i question if i even should write this ... ah , to hell with it . 
   sure , it was a developing economy . 
  but , as i said , in the good times austrians were getting fat off that development , implying that romania 's development and modernisation was coming along quite nicely , which looks set to be put back by austrian bungling . 
  setbacks do happen , have happened , will happen in the future . 
  if romania 's development and modernisation indeed made steps in the right direction , there will be traces of it , and the setback will not be all that bad . 
  it 's hard to pay back a developed road , or a water treatment plant , or a more efficient government system - those are results that will work to improve romania 's situation further . 
  `` modernisation '' that falls apart once the money tap is closed is not modernisation , but a gutter . 
   it 's not a question of morality . 
  [ . . ] it 's a question of whether the austrian controls on their banks are needlessly strict and will do more damage in the long run . 
  implying that doing the right thing from their perspective ( being conservative with their damage control ) is wrong because it hurts another country more than it should have to . 
  firstly : romania was a failed economy long before we even started thinking about adding them to the eu . 
  secondly : the main reason for a state to exist is to protect the continued existance of the state . 
  austria first has to protect austria , much like romania would first protect itself . 
  thirdly : of course the money is austrian if it 's distribution is controlled by vienna . 
  seperating the money from its owners , and those owners from their government is willfully mudding the water . 
  finally : i fail to see why you believe this is a question of morality ( and even then , i do n't see how it is morally wrong to ask money back that has benefitted a lender and whose repayment is open when you 're own existance is at stake . 
  hell , they do n't even need a reason to ask their cash back . ), 
  romania built an economy with foreign = austrian money . 
  now the austrians want their money back . 
  it 's unfortunate , but it still is not romanian money . 
  time to cough up the dough . 
  so , basically you think that investors do not have the right to get their money back once it is invested ? 
  you think that some investors who worked with the bank ( who invested , for example , in greece ) should take a bullet for the team ? 
  it is possible , and it is fair . 
  the eu is not social security , but an economic partnership , and such partnership can fail . 
  there always is a possibility . 
  and even if not - nobody deserves death , not even from the punishment perspective : it 's the easy way out . 
  in reality , giving up the dem was a step demanded from us to be allowed our unification - it was often seen as `` germany 's nuclear device '' . 
  unfortunately , we had an utter moron as a chancellor back then ... giving away our fiscal control * and * taking up a third-world-country is what broke our neck . 
  i hope kohl will burn in hell . 
  which , from their point of view , is the sane thing to do . 
  then let it crash . 
  we have survived two phases of utter financial defeat and destruction in the 20 ^ th century . 
  a few years in monientary chaos we can handle . 
  and i claim we would be better off after that . 
   there are clear laws stating what concentration of alcohol in blood means `` drunk '' . 
  which vary from nation to nation , and sometimes even from street to street . 
  alcohol is also a component of many medicines . 
  what about the case that someone was * made * drunk against his will ? 
   [ how many people ] one . 
  so , if i cripple a hundred figure ice skaters , destroying their dreams and ambitions , but actually let them live , it 's safe , but if i end only one 's life , that 's worthy of death ? 
   but also to punish the criminal . 
  you are a sick person , and should seek professional help . 
   sure , i do have my reasonable amount of doubts , but what if they are actually guilty ? 
  why not lop off your head , then ?
