   a singular case against an institutionalised practice ? 
  a singular case that we bothered to find . 
   a palestinian extremist that killed a jewish israeli would be equivalent to an architect of final solution by this logic . 
  if you listen to israeli news sources , you will find many people would agree with that comparison . 
   the case you mentioned is not against a political activist , it is  and is not a deliberate attempt by the government it is - bavarian government was deeply involved in locking this guy up . 
  keep sticking your fingers in your ears and sing loudly , everything is free ^ tm and just ^ tm in the european union . 
   that case is nothing like the soviet practice of imprisoning undesirable political activists in psychiatric wards . 
  no , nothing at all . 
  it 's all clean and nice when * we * do it . 
  i ca n't wait for that nuclear war to finally happen - at least then for most of us it 's over , and the rest can rebuild , starting a new wirtschaftswunder . 
   ah , the old soviet practice is alive and well . 
  actually , you can find these cases pretty much anywhere you look . 
  our case was [ gustl mollath ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustl_mollath ), 
   no , i choose not to discuss with people who approach me with disrespect . 
  ah , the age-old ostrich strategy - head into the sand , nothing bad will happen . 
  well , twenty douzends still are hundreds ... 
  did hitler ? 
  like any person with both money and half a brain . 
  the law in question specifically banned male homosexual acts . 
   german intelligence is notoriously useless though , both historically and presently . 
  they rely on american gathered intelligence when it comes to anything complex . 
  there is value in appearing to be incompetent , especially when it comes to these matters . 
   who apparently have a stronger grasp of what 's going on in germany ... who are - by their jurisdiction - legally allowed to spy in germany . 
  after all , we do not have a fascist evesdropping system over here right now . 
  unlike some countries who consider orwell 's 1984 to be a manual rather than a dystopian warning . 
   and then there 's the recent attack in december that they were made aware of before it happened yet failed to prevent it . 
  i vividly remember the boston marathon bombers , who were on a watchlist before they attacked ( much like the berlin attacker was on a watchlist ) . 
  obviously , us intelligence is notoriously useless , eh ? 
  you fetishize hitler because no matter what has been written , you start to think it is about him . 
  * you * made the connection to the third reich , not me . 
  not everything is connected to the austrian . 
  you really need to take a step back , maybe see someone to help you with that hitler-fetishism of yours . 
  we have done many bad things in the past which are unrelated to those twelve years . 
  if you do n't fucking follow the rules , you will be mained and/or killed/murdered . 
  how do you get to hitler ? 
  black pedagogy like this , though , teaching kids to blindly follow the rules , might have played a role , though . 
  ... and then you ask why we ... did certain things in the past . 
  [ it 's almost accurate ] ( http://www.gasl.org/refbib/hoffmann__struwwelpeter.pdf ) . 
  in the original , it 's the tailor , who is heavily implied to be permanently surveilling the child . 
  you need to hang out with left-extremists more if you think they are n't massively overusing these words with no real connections to the concepts they are meant to represent . 
  [ indeed we do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e11h73whqk4 ), 
  wanting to destroy biodiversity and destroy habitats to increase agraric output does . 
  actually , still pictures originating from single frames of an anime are generally considered anime as well . 
  in this enlightened age , [ you can be both ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/0zdty ), 
  well , i thought we celebrate homosexuality and transgenderism nowadays ... it 's a very progressive manga . 
  i would bet a crate of beer that this is not originating from japan . 
  it 's too sloppy . 
  the subtitles are made up and have nothing to do with the song . 
  the characters are sideways . 
  not * everything * you do n't like/don ' t understand is an alt-right thing . 
  so , essentially google home with a human-like interface . 
  the second one actually makes perfect sense . 
  i was n't aware . 
  if the code is superseeded immediately , why put it in there ? 
  right : because you want them to provide you with a rope you can hang them with . 
  they can , but only as self-defense against their patients , and it only applies to regular crew and medical personell . 
  most of these ships ( both ngo sar vessels and military hospital ships ) have a strict no-gun-policy , mostly because the presence is more a risk than a protectoin . 
  yeah , that 's not what is in the memo :  commitment to receive on board , possibly and for a period which is strictly necessary , upon request by the competent national authorities , judicial police officers for information and evidence gathering with a view to conducting investigations related to migrant smuggling and/or trafficking in human beings , without prejudice of the ongoing humanitarian activity . 
  the above is without 5 prejudice to the exclusive jurisdiction of the flag state on the vessel under unclos and other applicable rules of international law , to the competences of the shipmaster and to the different mandates and competences of the legal entities involved as provided under national and international law , with which police officers do not , and shall not , interfere : allowing access on board of their naval assets , upon request by the competent national authorities , of police personnel who will conduct preliminary inquiries and investigations , also following specific indications by the competent judicial authority ; that 's actually describing having police officers on the boat permanently under the guise of ` human trafficking investigations ', 
  no , they can not . 
  the * crew * of the ship may be armed to protect against their patients - a provision coming from the fact that hospital ships are required to cater to any ( = even hostile ) parties in a conflict . 
  there is no hint at the geneva convention of 1907 that ships under the icrc emblems may have armed contingents without navigational or medical roles on board . 
  and that 's not the only thing . 
  the italian demand that ships may not transfer refugees to other ships is a direct violation of geneva x 9, 
  technically , no - but the unit itself - in this case the ship - would - the moment there are armed contingents on the ship . 
  you can not have a token doctor on a warship and claim it 's on a humanitarian mission in a war zone and protected under the icrc emblems . 
  as the whole ship would need to be protected to protect individual crewmembers , an individual protection is pretty useless . 
  [ in short , it is a war crime to be armed and fly the emblems of the ircrc , which protect humanitarian causes from military action ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emblems_of_the_international_red_cross_and_red_crescent_movement ), 
  yeah ... historically . 
  nowadays you build aircraft carriers without aircrafts , over budget and with huge delays . 
  how the mighty have fallen . 
  in fact , that event was the blueprint for the red wedding . 
  which also has wider implications , such as them no longer being protected under the red cross . 
  dwb sounds a lot like an acronym for dweeb , which might not help their branding . 
  and ten years before we even started building them !, 
  that 'd actually be more horrifying than the original . 
  think about it . 
  you are a bannerman of the lannisters . 
  this ... thing comes towards you . 
  you consider it to be perfectly innocent and unthreatening . 
  then you witness it burning the guy next to you ( and his 50 friends ) to a crisp . 
  someone needs to make a picture of grissu and danaerys , danaerys telling him how much of a disappointment he is . 
  i never said they were n't - but it 's misleading to say that a high percentage of some population survived if that population figuratively fits onto a single cruise ship making evacuation a no-brainer . 
  what made the danish virtuous was not the high survival rate of `` their '' jews , but that they actually tried to save them ( other than , for instance , poland , who was all to happy to get rid of theirs ) . 
  dead ones on the floor next to them , many of them with very clearly broken wings . 
  well , that makes you an industrialist and essentially part of the problem . 
  usually , cars do not drive 100 meters in the air , though . 
  well , i have personally - on several ocassions - seen cadavers of large birds ( owls , hawks , herons - near wind turbines . 
  all species which usually are considered critically endangered . 
  just take a walk to some of them a few times ... 
  as compared to the ~ 3000000 jews that were in poland , yes . 
  7800 can be evacuated rather quickly ,, 
  given there were only about 7800 of them ... 
  i always understood `` asian '' to mean `` pakistani '' when in britain . 
  yep , need some proof for that first , though . 
   why is that good ? 
  pows are a specially-protected group of prisoners under the geneva convention . 
  they have rights to give very limited information . 
  they need to be allowed communication with their homeland through the red cross . 
  they may not be punished for crimes they have committed as long as they can be considered `` acts of war '' .
