   because we do n't want to get malware on our computers yes - but that is kinda * your * responsibility . 
  you do n't trust your one-night-stand that she/he has taken measures for birth-control , you provide your own , right ? 
   if an outlet of any kind has sensible ad policies , with disclosure of the advertising , no unsolicited megaphone-loud commercials and sfw ads ( i do n't care about those sexy russians near me ) then it will be whitelisted . 
  but of course , because you block ads to begin with , you will never know if a site has such policies and ads - and because ad networks are unable to track you , they have no idea which ads you would prefer to see , thus you get the spammy russian singles . 
   if a website tells me i ca n't read its content because i 'm not a subscriber then i wo n't rage , i 'll just say ok and that 'll be it . 
  very good - so why do we need the brussles monster to cough out another law for preventing them to block you ? 
   and alliances are for balancing your weakness . 
  your ability to make alliances factors into your statehood , yes . 
  germany only became a souvereign nation again in 1990 . 
  the presence of large forces near borders is a destabilizing element . 
  all it takes for nukes to fly is a 19-year-old pimplefaced soldier to get scared at tanks rolling on the other side of the fence and starting to empty his magazine across the border . 
  two out of three times world war 3 was about to start , it was the americans being huge idiots . 
  if you want to have a good-night scare , read up about able archer 1983 , when a nato military excercise scared the russians so much that nuclear bombers were ready to launch on airfields in east germany and were called back just before takeoff . 
  hm , you should probably go to bavaria sometimes . 
  i know pubs which still have old monarch 's pictures in great reverences over their establishment , where a pro-monarchist ( and thus anti-constitution ) verein sells the best bratwurst at the christmas market , and where most people consider themselves bavarian first , and german - if at all - second . 
   they 're paying themselves bullshit like `` consulting '' and `` licensing '' to falsify their costs . 
  of course it 's bullshit . 
  red flag melbourne has decreed so . 
  the honest worker is being stolen from , because concepts like consulting and licensing is too difficult to understand , thus it is a fraud . 
   and so what if many people do it ? 
  they 're arseholes too , and should also be forced to pay their taxes properly . 
  yeah . 
  everyone should pay for killing innocent people in the middle east . 
  how dare they not support the military-industrial complex ? 
  more dead brown children !, 
   they like the product , and they 're pissed that apple paid zero dollars in taxes , but not pissed enough to start a nationwide boycott . 
  thank you for repeating my whole point : in the end , it does n't matter to them if apple pays nothing , a dollar , or a trillion dollars in taxes . 
   how on earth are you okay with this ? 
  i want to know more about your viewpoint , because at the moment it either infers that you 're rich and greedy , or not , and stupid i 'm not rich , but i also prefer not having to pay protection money to thugs , and i have sympathy for everyone who has found a way to limit their financing of morally dubious actions done by people who consider themselves in power because they won a popularity contest and had the fuller hair/kissed more babies/lied to the voters more effectively . 
  sure . 
  some loud ones protest . 
  the vast majority , though , keeps buying . 
  and that 's why the inquiry is going to be cosmetic . 
  absolutely correct . 
  but of course , we have something poland and lithuania lack : geopolitical relevance , and the ability to create wmds in a short amount of time - there 's a reason we have built delivery systems for them . 
  we can make an attack so costly it 's simply not worth it . 
  of course , it 's much easier just to trade with us . 
  it 's the common way to judge statehood in political science . 
   off the second most capable military in the world ? 
  the moment that second most capable military comes for your ass , that 's game-over for your statehood , yes . 
  wars are for determining if you have the power to defend yourself . 
   why would i be forced to load intrusive ads that have videos that need 5 minutes to load , while i only want a bit of text . 
  5 minutes for 10 kb ? 
  you have serious network issues . 
  i could * morse * you 10kb in 5 minutes . 
  but then , why should you be forced to pay for a newspaper before reading it , and getting thrown out of the newspaper stand if you keep snatching them ? 
   add to that the fact that some ads are actually malware ... even though some newspapers have been sneezed on and now are spreading influenza ...  may like to sites that contain it ... even though some ads in newspapers might be for products that are not actually in your best interest , sometimes even obvious frauds . 
   but of course , i should be glad to have that too . 
  yes , because if this goes through , eventually , you will have nothing ( but a squeaky-clean and fast 30bps network connection ), 
  willingness to adapt and cultural background that encourages education and hard work ? 
   if that were true they would 've annexed large swaths of europe , japan , and elsewhere a long time ago . 
  nah , that 's opening a whole new can of worms , not worth the trouble having insurgencies when you can have vassals . 
   because the eastern eu border countries want protection and they do n't have enough money to to challenge russia ? 
  so they have a people , an area , but not the means to defend it ? 
  sounds like they are not actually states then . 
  tl ; dr : `` hey , we kinda miss that vast , open area to destroy in a war provoked by us without having to risk - in that order - our industry , our cities , and our population '', 
  hey , no love for w3m ? 
  and austria . 
  and some parts that today are considered french . 
   they 're taking measures to falsify what their true costs are , thereby dishonestly and artificially driving down their reported profits . 
  that 's an unfounded allegation , also , it 's called `` bookkeeping '' , and is what virtually everyone does . 
   you 're truly daft if you think apple paying less in tax than someone on minimum wage is perfectly fine with australians so why do you keep buying ? 
  obviously , the discomfort of not owning their stuff is larger than the discomfort about your so-called government not having racketeered more money out off them . 
   a `` net-destroying '' concept not banning adblockers but banning adblocking-prevention measures destroys the ability of small content providers to refinance operating costs and throws them out of business , while larger content creators will set up paywalls . 
  in the end , the internet will no longer be a place of free ( in both senses of the word ) information . 
  i agree . 
  it would probably be best if she stays around long enough to spare the kingdom skip at least the obvious failure that is currently next-in-line . 
   i 'd agree with removing them official statut the point is that this can never be done unless she agrees . 
  she has to sign every law before it becomes valid . 
  she can just choose not to sign the law that essentially dethrones her . 
  and personally , i think this is a good thing . 
  the only case i can think of is that of beatrice cenci , a low-ranking italian noblewoman , who did not kill her father to rise to a position of power , but because of sexual and physical abuse ... 
  so , what really * makes * a * natio * ? 
  any answer to that essential question can only lead to a shared history - and that we only have around 150 years of - at most . 
  some might argue that before 1933 , when the influence of the different l\u00e4nder was taken away , no such thing as a shared history existed between the frisian and the bavarian . 
  in ww1 , there were prussian , bavarian and badensian regiments - the german unit only appeared in the prequel to ww2 ^ 1 . 
  [ 1 ] to stay historically honest here : l\u00e4nderarmeen ceased to exist with the bamberg constitution of 1919 ... but only with the rearming that became of any consequence . 
  the money transfer system alone would be a huge system , given there are about 30 different banking schemes world-wide , around 140 currencies which often are highly voltaile and 197 greedy governments who would love to have another pool to get free cash from , and the same number of legal frameworks to deal with . 
   isps can already see the sites you 're visiting , just not what you 're doing on them . 
  they have to know , otherwise they would n't know where to rout your traffic . 
  having worked at an isp on a devops level , i can assure you : they know extremely little , and that is a good thing . 
   second , in the us there are already regulations preventing isps from arbitrarily blocking content , yes , and in the eu we do n't . 
  and in china , blocking is actively encouraged . 
  see my line about different legal frameworks . 
  also , legal frameworks change once the powers to be decide something is hurting the bottom line - like transferring fractions of a cent to chile . 
   and third ad companies are doing fractions of cents to chilean hosting companies right now - their rates are x dollars per million views . 
  actually , most ad companies nowadays pay for leads and clicks . 
  pay-per-view has been a mostly dead concept ever since 2005 or so . 
   officially the monarch holds them but they 're utilised by the government and she does n't have any say in how they 're used she chooses not to intervene . 
  she could , though . 
  there is no law that limits the powers of the monarch in the way you are laying it out . 
  hey , i have a great idea on an eu-wide law !, 
  let 's give / u/omnilatent officially-allowed time when ( s ) he can shit . 
  two minutes every night at 4:12 am sounds great !, 
  after all , what 's the downside of having that regulated ? 
  you are for a law that crawls with net-destroying concepts so you can view content on fucking bild.de ? 
  maybe you should reconsider your priorities . 
   that 's the most logical model i can think of , since your bill is how you 're paying for the internet connection . 
  so , let 's install a huge , complicated system world-wide ( hah , good luck with that ) for fractions of a cent for the small guy . 
  also give more incentive to isps to block content ( to not have to deal with a quarter of a cent to that chilean hosting company ) .
