   you mean when germany pushed the eu to give the southern nations a credit card without limit , with which to buy german exports , and then pretended they had nothing to do with it when the bill came due ? 
  actually , these club med countries got way better interest rates because they were in the eurozone ( which had much stronger economies ) and started spending like drunken sailors . 
  it was not some shady german offering them credits and warships on credit . 
   when the eu loaned greece tens of billion , and then german banks moved to demand repayment of hundreds of billions ? 
  international loan sharks threatened to burn greece 's home . 
  to protect the neighborhood , we paid those loans for greece , knowing well they 'll never return that money . 
  we also taught them a few lessons about financial responsibility . 
  and instead of thanks , we got called nazis . 
  but yes , it 's always easier to bash the one actually doing the right thing . 
   we as free and prosperous nations have the obligation to assist our neighbors to achieve what we have achieved . 
  that 's an unproven assertion . 
   ukrainians want to become europeans , they want to join the european union . 
  so does turks . 
  so does serbians . 
  i 'm pretty sure if we asked mongolia , they 'd be ecstatic . 
  we do n't allow them in because there is nothing they can bring with them . 
  there is no advantage in having them in the eu . 
  and the eu , like any ( supra ) national body , primarily is interested in providing for it 's continued existance . 
  weakening the union by allowing critical candidates in because `` they want to '' is not good for self-preservation . 
   now they are fighting for their country , culture and language . 
  and i wish them well ... though this is * their * problem , not an eu one . 
   if we fail the ukrainians , we let the kremlin know that it is still okey in the 21th-century to blackmail , threaten and use direct violence against another country . 
  aka . 
  `` realpolitik '' . 
  you do n't think the greeks gladly approved of our methods to tug them out of their situation , do you ? 
   the world failed to say no in 1938 , the price of that was paid by tens of millions of people by their lives . 
  the war would have just come a year earlier if `` the world '' engaged in ' 38 . 
  millions still would have died . 
  history is not dependant on single events happening or not happening . 
   merkel is doing is being a fucking sellout yeah , when we stopped arms exports to russia while france and britain still deliver their approved orders , * we 're * the sellouts . 
   i expect you as a nation to grow a fucking spine and not sellout your allies for cheaper gas . 
  we are well aware that there will be a time after the conflict - and we do n't believe in burning bridges . 
  without exception , it 's always better to talk than to rattle one 's sabers . 
   he had openly stated poland is an inferior country that does n't matter to eu . 
  actually , i stated in a fictious `` russia invades poland '' scenario , military strategy would be to sacrifice poland for a few days extra time to prepare for self-defense . 
   especially since russia wo n't directly invade ; they 'd do the same thing they 're doing in ukraine and have the plausible deniability for it . 
  the kremlin knows that 's a dangerous game . 
  a game you can wager with an underprotected underpopulated area like the ukraine , not with nato . 
  you do n't risk nuclear retaliation for a few square kilometers of room . 
   and from how weak germany has been on russia , merkel will react the same exact way because cheap gas is apparently paramount . 
  well , some nations start wars and steal ressources . 
  others actually pay for it with money . 
  and those have no reason to piss off their salesman . 
  i know this concept seems strange to some . 
  you are perfectly correct , and the reunification has been and still is considered an error by a sizeable group within germany ( interestingly on both sides of the former border ) . 
  that 's one of the reasons we do n't want our east-german areas back from poland and russia . 
  actually , salzburg ceased to be bavarian in 1322 - they were a sovereign nation until 1805 . 
  thus , mozart was neither bavarian nor austrian ... he was salzburgian . 
  latvia is nato . 
  russia is not stupid . 
  i wonder why / r/europe thinks they are . 
  oh , we 've learned a lot from our american * friends * . 
   every single time i hear something from merkel about this is another capitulation in front of russia . 
  that actually is cognitive dissonance on your part . 
  we call it `` diplomacy '' , and we know that you win some , you lose some . 
  this is not a situation good for losing . 
   merkel and germany have n't been leaders what do you expect us to do ? 
  nuke moscow ? 
   it 's the convenient thing for the german economy , yes , it is . 
  which , by the way , is one of the cornerstones of the eu 's handout programs . 
   this is for the sake of germany , not the eu . 
  alright , tell me : in what way does the eu and it 's non-german member-states profit from adding a second-world country riddled by organized crime , corruption and ethnic conflicts into their group , a move that would make one of our main strategic partners ( = russia ) despise us ? 
  i know that joke with beethoven . 
  so wonderfully north-korean . 
  funny thing is that they banned the lyrics pretty quickly . 
  mozart was salzburgian , and not austrian . 
   yep . 
  complete and utterly despicable capitulation and lack of leadership from germany . 
  pathetic . 
  they 're the premier economy and de facto leader of the eu . 
  fucking act like it . 
  sometimes , leadership means doing the unpopular , but correct thing . 
   four years ago i was a fan of merkel , making some difficult decisions for the sake of the eu . 
  and now you are despising her for making difficult decisions for the sake of the eu ? 
   `` we want work . 
  we do n't want to emigrate , '' so ... they think jobs just materialize ? 
  how hard is it in spain to start a small business of one 's own ? 
  or , to put it in the words of friedrich nietzsche : `` your wrong love for the past is a robbery from the future . '', 
  germany just gave them 500 million euros for `` rebuilding '' . 
  today i read of a tv channel and about boosting their military budget by 3 billion . 
  our tax euros at work . 
  clowns to the left of us , joker 's to the right / / here we are / / stuck in the middle with them . 
  so , basically , they added tts to / r/europe . 
   [ vietnam ] what else was supposed to be done ? 
  send every person in the country over until everyone in vietnam was dead so american loyalty has limits . 
  good to know . 
  i wonder how far us involvement in nato would go if it 's `` only poland '' who would get the pointy end of the stick . 
   ussr was not an ally hahahahahahahahahaha , yeah , right . 
  they even were members of a group called `` the allieds '' as compared to `` the axis '' . 
   saddam was not an ally either the second he started invading other countries . 
  hahahaha , yeah , right . 
  you mean countries other than iran . 
  countries that the us kinda promised him . 
  until he no longer was useful . 
  so us loyalty is dependant on usefulness of the ally . 
  good to know . 
  they promised to respect ukraine . 
  yeah , and us officials have on their own website that they consider that agreement not worth the paper it 's written on . 
  btw : the budapest accords are about more than just the ukraine . 
  so us loyalty depends on `` if they feel like it '' .
