  the process itself only is possible after several years of residence ( in your case : after a few years living with cockroaches in your asylheim ) so , let 's assume that you passed the test and now officially are a german citizen . 
  you got a diploma as an animal doctor in your home country . 
  let 's find a job , shall we ? 
  turns out the best you can do is delivery driver because based on some arcane rules , we refuse to accept your diploma being worth more than toilet paper . 
  so , after a decade of fearing every night some bureaucrat deciding you no longer are worthy of asylum and sending the cops to fly you back at night to your homecountry , eventually directly to the gallows , after living in conditions unsanitary and unhealthy , you are even with a great education worth little more than an unlearned worker . 
  oh , i forgot . 
  now , your skin color has not changed , has it ? 
  welcome to this nice little thing germans have still overwhelmingly : * open racism * . 
  you might have a german passport , but you will be the ausl\u00e4nder forever , no matter how good you do your job , you will be the whipping boy for any bullshit the politicans and/or the population will need an explanation for - and did i mention our neo-nazis ? 
  my solution : let them work and reside as free people from the very start . 
  ask them the moment they set foot on our turf if they plan to return eventually ( giving them other choices ) or if they want to be naturalized ( which returns in freedom of residence and a german language boot camp so they can function ) . 
  give them a chance to let them have their diplomas evaluated on a fair basis , and if they do n't pass that evaluation , give them a chance to have some kind of `` prop-up course '' . 
  we need immigrants . 
  we need * educated * immigrants wanting to build a better life . 
  our asylum policy is contraproductive and makes us both look bad and undermines our own future . 
  oh , that burden is about ten more lines in the automated nightly database maintenance run . 
  it 's not a burden - it just utterly destroys any kind of privacy a customer might have towards his or her nationstate . 
  of course , for some people 1984 sounds like a manual to what they percieve to be an utopia , not like the warning it was intended to be . 
  and why should it ? 
  neither is that a goal that would lead to less tax evasion in germany , nor is it something a privacy-loving person would want . 
  point is : a german is only required to file taxes in germany if he either has a business there or lives there for 180 days per year . 
  germans living in switzerland most of the year do not have to declare anything ( differently from , say , americans , who have to file regardless of residency ), 
  do you really want your neighbor to know which porn you bought with your credit card ? 
  privacy is a high good , higher than catching a few hundred tax evaders . 
  first : our asylum system is seriously fucked up . 
  it is also the most humane one in the world ( if you do n't happen to be a soviet defector ) , especially considered to what ... certain other eu members do . 
  but : asylum is considered to be just that : an asylum . 
  i heavily disagree with putting people who are refugees from another place to the workforce . 
  care for them , yes . 
  pay their rent , their clothes , their food , yes . 
  give them a fair chance at a naturalization process , i 'm all for it . 
  but do not let them become a workforce even lower than our niedriglohnsektor . 
  give them a chance to work a real job , ideally one they have learned in their home countries , after having gotten a language course and an overview of what and what no we deem as acceptable , and ideally one of our passports at the end of it . 
   and please , tell me , what are the chances of california abandoning the dollar and five states following them ? 
  considering such a legislation comes up once in a while ... not unlikely . 
  in fact , once californians realize they are better off with a currency of their own , they will do just that and kill the greenback . 
   the chances of it stopping to exist are slightly fucking less than the euro . 
  heh , keep believing that . 
  i do not say it will cease to exist , but it 's value will go the way of the zimbabe namesake when the world starts de1aling in a new currency ( the renminbi is a likely candidate , and so is - like it or not - the euro , once we have solved this little hiccup . ), 
  yes , up to now , any country that has decided to do it 's major exports in non-dollars has been attacked by you so far ( e.g. 
  iraq and libya ) . 
  question is , how many more wars can you afford before the citizens see the king wears no clothes ? 
  * us debt : [ 15,58 trillion usd ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=united+states+debt ) ( or 50420 usd per citizen ( about 309 million ) ) * eurozone debt : [ 7,09 trillion usd ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=eurozone+debt ) ( or 21848 usd per citizen ( about 330 million ) ) [ this applies ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3q97u2/ ), 
  actually , europe did not need your help . 
  the fulda gap never had to be protected , and if it should have been protected , we all would now ( not ) live in a nuclear wasteland . 
  i have read plan nike ... kosovo ? 
  europe would gladly have let that area burn . 
  we have no interests in the balkans . 
  libya ? 
  notice how many german troops you have see there ? 
  one for every fuck we give . 
  just because you happen to play military superhero from time to time does not mean we encourage you to do so . 
   london is one of the most important cities in the world financially . 
  which means : it 's parasitic and should be < dalek  exterminated < / dalek  ? 
  i would rather miss the historical buildings ... 
  that 's what they tell you , and that 's what you like to believe . 
  now try to import something as a civilian from outside of the schengen area ... from a country we allegly do have free trade relations with . 
   we 've had 70 years of european-us co-operation and all you can point to are a few instances where we differ . 
  we have been a military playground for the us for 60 years ( and continues to be just that ) . 
  some of us like to get raped by them more ( `` new europe '' , i 'm looking at you ) , some less ( kudos to france ) . 
  but in the end , this co-operation has been rather one-sided . 
  ah , come on . 
  human rights ? 
  the us does n't care about human rights , they care about mining rights ^ 1 . 
  that 's the reason for every single of the near-east wars , that is the reason for the us having supported every single fascist south-american dictator ever . 
   opposed to glorifying power and hierarchy . 
  excuse me , but are we talking about the same united states ? 
  ( 1 ) thank you , [ volker pispers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adiktnnnbfo ), 
  obviously , our interpretations of post-cold-war us conduct differ , then . 
  for instance , most of europe was against iraq , we do n't actually want free trade ( as evidenced every single time you cross a schengen border ) , and what the states think of security differs massively from what we think of security . 
   either way , the us is still our most natural ally on a whole lot of issues . 
  like , for instance ? 
  what went wrong ? 
  well , how about every single time the us economy throws another fit , magically an us rating agency decides to play with it 's prognoses about european markets to fuck with us and take the center of attention away from a rapidly failing dollar ? 
  sure . 
  everything else , we get from china . 
  problem are not production costs , but resale costs . 
  for example : the same vw golf i can buy in the states fro 25000 usd i am paying 35000 $ for in germany . 
  so it 's a mazda again for me ... 
   no , german consumers do n't seem to want to buy german products either . 
  fix this . 
  it 's not * want * , it 's * do n't see why they should pay a premium * and * have no need to own a leopard2 tank * . 
  not to mention that many of us simply can not afford german products . 
   recently , the german economy has adapted to its neighbors having cheap credit and thus the ability to overspend on german products . 
  as i said , it will hurt - but that 's only natural . 
   prior , germany used to be called the `` sick man of europe . '', 
  [ just like a lot of other european countries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sick_man_of_europe )  you need to work on the consumption side that would imply other countries have stuff we want and can not build better/cheaper ourselves, 
  ah , tony `` we have definite proof for wmds in iraq '' blair ? 
  do n't think his advice is any good . 
  fun fact : currencies are created and die all the time . 
  usually it does not mean death to 330 million people . 
  the more creative , however , will thrive more than the less so . 
  read more history books , and watch less tv with your nationstate 's propaganda . 
  you have seen nothing yet . 
  hyperbole at it 's best . 
  we are facing an 1970s style hiccup . 
  probably nothing much more . 
  this might also be a good time to invest in concrete or silver . 
  catastrophic is such an overused word . 
  pompeji was locally catastrophic .
