  when noone buys anymore , everything will go to waste ... for that short glorious time before retailers decide to just go out of business . 
   plus , you can always make the non-profits make sure someone with money ca n't get to food intended for the poor . 
  creating a non-profit takes seven people and a 30 $ court fee . 
  arguabely , it 's a rather small town . 
   i bet there is a soup kitchen in your city . 
  actually , no , there is n't . 
  yeah , and my point is that now people will find ways and loopholes to prevent them from having to hand over cash . 
  in the end , everyone looses . 
  i wholefully support this . 
  i will completely stop buying food and instead wait until they have to give it out for free . 
  so much saved money !, 
  i am pretty sure they know by now . 
  [ these are their contact options ] ( https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/de/service/kontakt/kontakt_node.html?https=1 ) , should someone wish to voice their concerns . 
  it 's not like he gave the policemen much chance to check his credentials . 
  you would be surprised about which kinds of people get into those kinds of professions - particularily if they 're not front-line ( he 's far too young to be an ambassador , or his deputy . 
  most likely low-grade embassy staff , potentially intelligence . ), 
   we can throw this guy out of the country if we do n't like how he acts . 
  please do !, 
  chances are our government will be way too slow to react in a timley manner . 
  you are not eligble for unemployment benefits if your firing was due to your own actions for three months . 
  this guy most likely is a beamter , a public official , which ca n't legally be fired unless having been convicted of a crime and sentenced to at least one year in prison . 
  but they will find a nice place for him that he will hate . 
  ah , the glorious myth of the perfectly anglophone german . 
  this guy needs to be recalled , right now . 
  his behavior is a disgrace . 
  my apologies to the ukrainian people and this policeguys . 
  also , for god 's sake , i hope we have a way to recall his driver 's license over here . 
   close the borders let 's close the borders to ~ ~ rouge regimes ~ ~ southern and eastern eu members first . 
  also monies . 
  well , i wonder what would happen if we bring cement , steel bars and concrete mixers to the beach next year . 
  sand already is there in plentiful amounts . 
  [ southern germany ] ( http://www.immobilienscout24.de/expose/82458124 ) - with taxes involved , you get rather close to the 300k $ ... 
   and again they are official languages of nato how is that even a consideration ? 
   the way prussia united germany by winning its war with bavaria . 
  you 're a few years early ( 1866 ) . 
  actually , we united germany by winning a war against france ( 1870/71 )  there is one war that could quickly federalize europe , and that 's a war with an external enemy , that i do n't need to name . 
  [ we will all go together when we go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiobrob3bji#t=0m22s ) . 
   french politicians may have some visions , that does n't mean those are shared by the rest of the eu populace ( and expecially germans ) . 
  to say it with chancellor schmidt : `` someone who has visions should go and talk to a doctor about them . '', 
  neighbors of russia getting antsy , asking for big military superhero america for help . 
  america moves troops directly to the russian border . 
  ... and then , all it takes is one 18-year-old pimple-faced texan to get nervous and fire a shot . 
  or a similarily-nervous , similarily pimple-faced 18-year-old moscovite to do so . 
  in the end , we never would learn who shot first . 
  armies of great powers which oppose each other in close vicinity is always an immensely dangerous situation . 
   he authorised snipers to shoot doctors you have a source for this ? 
   supported by wide segments of the population some kind of nazi putsch . 
  just because you have a majority behind you does not mean you can start using violence against legal wielders of power . 
  it 's called `` state monopol on violence '' for a reason . 
  and , in fact , given * who * protested , it was at least part nazi putsch . 
  technically , yanukovych would meet the criteria for seeking political asylum in the eu , because he has to fear death for political reasons . 
  neither nk nor eritrea are democratic countries . 
  ukraine was up to that point . 
  if the euromaidan were displeased with their political leaders , they ought to have showed so in the next election cycle - that 's how it works in democratic countries . 
  as things were , it was an illegal insurgency that most likely was financed and organized by antirussian western powers , and / r/europe got all warm and fuzzy , because these monsters were waving * our * flag instead of the one from the other guys . 
  it would be good if we would n't try to whitewash history all the time for all the wrong reasons . 
  getting backslash for an illegal putsch . 
  `` attacked '' . 
  must be a promotional line of clothing for a [ detergent with active oxygene ] ( http://mms.businesswire.com/media/20140331005229/en/409333/5/tideoxi_tub.jpg ) . 
  / s do n't worry , they 'll have a less stupid excuse for this any minute now . 
  greece also is n't actively involved in igniting world war 3 . 
  if i lend you 100 $ out of goodwill and you repay your credit card bill with it so they do n't shut you down , i 'm suddenly an evil capitalist pig in your eyes ? 
  interesting . 
  and you have undeniable proof that some media are straight up lying , yes ? 
  instead of reporting with a bias on the information they have access to ? 
  you mean ... like invoking colonialism again ? 
  because that worked just great the last time . 
  `` terrorism '' invokes images of people who are trying to kill you . 
  it 's bombs and knives , isis and al-quaeda . 
  `` campaign of fear '' is a standard political maneuver which has a lot less negative connotation . 
  if v-man talked about a campaign of fear , it 's akin of a `` hold steady '' - kind of message . 
  `` they try to make us afraid of this decision , but let 's stay on course . '', 
  if he talked about terrorism , he considers them victims of uncalled-for violence . 
  ... and we paid them better than what they would have gotten in greece . 
  and they now have a pension for these years . 
  us heartless bastards . 
  amuse me , tell me one media news source that has no bias . 
  just one . 
   we are talking about tagging media sources and domains that are known for posting misleading or straight up false information to manipulate their audience . 
  * all * media sources . 
  there is no such thing as objectivity in news . 
  upvoted for visibility . 
  this changes things , massively . 
   they ca n't print euro 's technically , they can . 
  they have the machinery and the know-how , and more so , as long as they are in the eurozone , they have the authority . 
  ... as it is in tv studios . 
  frankly , the guy does n't give any fucks about that . 
  oh , damn , you 're right . 
  til . 
  actually , he was n't shot , but stabbed . 
  hey !, 
  i still want to see schmidt to return . 
  as long as he is n't dead , there 's a chance . 
   this assholes job is to protect the interests of his people ... not to meddle in the democratic affairs of his neighbors . 
  he should stick to doing what he 's paid to do . 
  but he is !, 
  germany or it 's people has no interest in burning more money officiated by people who essentially are racketeers . 
  you are accusing me of `` hating '' greece or the greek people or individual greeks . 
  that is plainly wrong - i like the country and the culture , i feast on feta and ouzo . 
  one day , i would like to hike on santorini .
