  it 's a pretty effective motivation . 
   could it be the author is mad that people have been calling the troubled countries pigs since the beginning of the crisis ? 
  i think it 's more likely the author is a moron , if he can not distinguish between an acronym and a meaning ( if he did n't like piigs , would gipsi be better ? 
  there 's only so many shuffelings of those letters that are ways to use in everyday conversation ... ), 
   but is that piglet merkel i wanted to stop reading here . 
  the moment you compare people to animals , you have lost all political credibility . 
  renounce all greece 's debt , public and private , and  2 . reduce hours of work by half . 
  hahahahahahaha ... glad i did n't . 
  work half the hours , ideally for the same money , huh ? 
  you know what , i - and many of us - am doing 60 hours a week ( and thus twelve hours more than i am technically allowed to ) , and we * drown * in work . 
  coincidentally , we are relatively well-off economically . 
  i know that correlation does n't imply causation , it still makes you wonder . 
  that 's democracy for you , 
  what ? 
  again ?!? 
  i think we have had our fill of hitler biography tv shows . 
   the series is reportedly budgeted at between $ 20 million - $ 25 million according to the hollywood reporter . 
  our gez money at work . 
  what do the brits do with their tv extortion money ? 
  doctor who . 
  we get hitler and [ musikantenstadl ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo7mwuj7zla ) . 
  sometimes i feel like the last fifty years or so have been a sick joke at our expense . 
   germany was violently opposed to this , we only agreed because france insisted on it as a condition for the reunification . 
  and had the population known ... the reunification itself was/is highly unpopular in the then-brd/now-west . 
  in a plebiscite , it would have been a dealbreaker . 
  well , technically , this person remained in greece , while the frenchman you are referencing left the country and took his money with him . 
  you 're comparing apples to bananas . 
  there has been one norwegian madman in the last ... 50 years ( ? 
  ) , but a series of very violent protests in greece in the last few months . 
  it might be a correct analogy if a norwegian was parading around in fake police uniforms and touting weapons - and would get scrutinized for that . 
  maybe you should start to connect the dots and talk to people outside your obviously left-alternative circle . 
   we get the `` merkel is hitler and she 's to blame for everything '' narrative , you get the `` greeks are lazy and hate germans '' narrative . 
  i 've seen greeks riot and openly attack our interests . 
  i have not seen merkel ( who i dislike for a lot of reasons ) parading around in uniforms and holding speeches in front of batallions . 
   if you 're expecting gratitude you wo n't get any . 
  then not only should we stop sending money , we should also demand the money already paid back , immediately , if necessary to be taken back by force . 
  obviously everyone involved would be happier then . 
   even more believe that while the aid was needed , the measures are the wrong ones and will only further ruin the economy . 
  excuse me , but it occurs to me that greeks/the greek government did not exactly take the wisest economic decisions in the past . 
  why should their input be considered to be valid ? 
  and frankly , you appear to be in the minority . 
  will potentially violent mass protests hinder the live in athens ? 
  yes , they will . 
  i think the greek constitution is pretty clear on that matter . 
  preventing those protests means no endangerment of other , more important rights . 
  chances are you either live in the north or the east . 
  which is fine ... 
  but do not believe things are homogenous all over the country . 
  well , frankly , we do n't care where you save some cash , as long as you do so . 
  when i read reports that noone exactly knows who gets senior 's benefits ( which seems to be often paid to people 's relatives who have been dead for years ) i do cringe . 
   mind you , many people 's lives depend on this health system . 
  they do n't want `` your money , quick '' , they want to survive . 
  and they shall survive . 
  it is a humanitarian disgrace greece stops supporting their healthcare system while they do have a perfectly oversized military . 
   you should stop reading the bild tabloid . 
  i have n't had one of those in my hands for more than fifteen years . 
  it 's not like most other newspapers are any more forgiving with what seems like two centuries of financial mismanagement ( actually , the faz reprinted a report from ~ 1860 recently which points out a lot of the same problems greece has even now , which includes no real tax enforcement . 
  in short : greece does n't need german money . 
  greece needs german tax enforcers and german police for fraudsters . 
  technically , i know at least three european constitutions which do not allow unlimited * public * gatherings , including the french , which does n't mention gatherings at all , the grundgesetz , which only protects private gatherings without limitations , public ones are to be governed by special laws , and - to get back to topic - to the greek one , which specifically mentions in article 11.2 that assemblies * can * be forbidden . 
  of course , all of those are not real democracies , right ? 
  just because something happens to be in a constitution does not make it a prerequisite of a democratic system . 
  most constitutions do specify elements that are irrelevant to their form of government . 
  democracies are about people being the souvereign . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  we know it . 
  we also know had the east started to violently protest the aufbau ost ( which effectively was our - often painful - rebuilding effort for the east ) and turn against western influence in their protests , we would have just rebuilt the wall . 
  many of us advocate that even now . 
  greece is being saved , mostly by german money . 
  a little bit of gratitude instead of having their extremists becoming uppity might be in order . 
  btw : i would think those anti-german protests are not right-wing ones , but left-wingers . 
  actually , no , because those are not the npd , they are n't anti-country , but anti-militant-religious faction ( seriously , i find a hard time not disliking the salafists ) , and when pro-deutschland protests , their numbers are dwarfed by left-wing antifa counter-protestors . 
  * [ 120 nazi protestors , 350 counter-protestors ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iegml6awx8 ) * [ 200 nazi protestors , `` several thousand '' counter-protestors ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfpp_vzlf7i ) how many greek counter-protestors are there for greek anti-german/anti-austerity protests ? 
  heh , nice , out comes the nazi card . 
  i am pretty sure the npd does not single out one country and starts having anti- [ countryname ] protests in the open , complete with comparing them to [ unbeloved group traditionally agreed by the world as being bad ] and burning their [ national symbol ] . 
  oh , and it 's not like greece does n't have nazis ... 
  on what basis ? 
  public protests are not a prerequisite for a democratic system , nor are they a phenomeon only happening there . 
  sure . 
  but we tried that approach twice in the last 100 years , and while it made selling arms a lot easier in the aftermath , advertisement costs were pretty steep . 
  i am just applying the same standards we - the west - does apply to the middle east - to greeks . 
  if course i am aware there are greeks who are not anti-german . 
  but there also are iranians who are not anti-israel . 
   you need to also understand that there is a large group of maybe thousands of youths in athens who are pure anarchists , anti-government etc who just want to start shit and protest/fight . 
  well , i think the majority greek population then should start learning and applying some perception marketing . 
  because these are the images we see , and reports about protests , and reports about tax evasion , and the fact your politicians seem to be unable to come up with a plan that is worth listening to more than half an hour . 
  we , the german population majority , increasingly are fed up with what we see - and next year is an election cycle . 
  if greeks think they have it hard under merkel , they might have a read-up on the fiscal politics of the main contender steinbr\u00fcck , who was finance minister before . 
  [ they sure have a funny way to show it , then ] ( http://macromon.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/greek-burns-german-flag.jpg ) . 
  i would say that once you look like iranian anti-us protestors , you ca n't really play the `` no hate '' card . 
  actually , the difference between you and me is that you think pay always has to be done in money , while i deny anything not being payment , in some form or another . 
  hm , it 's a standard bannmeile , like a lot of democracies do have . 
  i seriously do not see the problem . 
  greeks feel the rules we set up for loans we were giving them are too strict and that we should send more money , quicker . 
  if we do n't , we obviously are neofascist imperialist monsters . 
  because the whole world knows once that card is played , german purses open faster than the voyager probe flies at the moment . 
   ah , you are probably an objectivist . 
  ah , you got ticked off by `` selfishness '' . 
  in fact , while i do take an interest in objectivism ( and consider myself a libertarian minarchist ) , the idea of altruism not existing is something deeply ingrained in current economic theory . 
   the most effective volunteers are those who are interested in a topic , or find satisfaction in learning new skills .
