  if i turn up with a camera to an us army convoi , claiming i 'm a reporter , will they allow me to make photos ? 
   you honestly think europe would n't respond to poland invasion and defend it ? 
  actually , europe would condemn that , put their own troops into high alert , and hope the bear is not * that * hungry as to come for them . 
  self-preservation trumps helping a rather unimportant and strategically negible state anytime . 
   i know usa would respond immediately . 
  oh , you got access to the current siop ( or whatever it is called these days ) ? 
  that 's great . 
  but are you actually free to advertise this information . 
   they technically invaded with all the world watching with white trucks . 
  technically , an invasion would need real troops with real weapons . 
  what i saw was white trucks and no weapons . 
   refused to be inspected and did n't allow ukraine to check them at border against ukraine 's wishes . 
  that 's wrong , and you know it . 
  ukrainians did inspect ... they just were horrifyingly slow , trying to prevent entry of this humanitarian convoi . 
  as it stands , the worst they could tag on these convoi drivers was illegal border crossing . 
  given that they already left the ukraine - and even those parts they do not consider to be ukraine anymore - it 's a non-issue . 
  invasion forces usually stay around to fight . 
   which is kind of the point of marshall plan . 
  actually , that was not the point of the marshall plan . 
  the point of the marshall plan , when it comes to germany , was to channel funds to us companies and getting a satellite puffer state to take the heat from the ussr for a few days until everyone else got their act together . 
   germans bitching about marshall plan is beyond idiotic some people do not like getting a big fat bulls eye drawn on their chests . 
  especially when by any relevant metric but `` willing to invest obscene amounts of money into the military '' we 're able to run circles around you , and did so before , during and after the war - and are doing so even today . 
   and acting like america took advantage of germany is absurd . 
  you show signs of delusion . 
  if you think this is not related to your laughably bad education system , you might want to search for a professional to help you with that . 
   if poland was invaded i would hope all of europe would come defend it . 
  actually , with poland being a nato member state , they would expect the us to come . 
  all the five days it would take to completely drown them in russian artillery . 
  / u/mrmysterious95 said it : do n't get the fucking bear angry !, 
  actually , we came out much better from that conflict than pretty much anyone else . 
  seriously , spread your jingoism somewhere else . 
  / r/murica comes to mind . 
   we 'll greece was ready to exit the eu which would not have made your problems any less . 
  if you think the loan sharks would have just patted you on the head and went away in such a scenario , you are delusional . 
  see argentinia about how your future would have looked like . 
   our pm was removed by merkel well , i know the witch is powerful , but black merklic does not have the power to remove democratically-elected state of heads of other nations . 
  in reality , that guy was removed by the greek people . 
   do n't start what you ca n't finish and there would n't have been any reparations to whine about . 
  it 's easy to `` finish '' when you regularily show up when everyone has been fighting for years already . 
  well , it 's wikipedia , but sourced : [ rapes by us troops in post-war europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_occupation_of_germany#us_military ) . 
  it 's a war thing . 
  it happens in every major war with boots on the grounds , and regardless of the uniform the soldiers are wearing . 
  technically , we did . 
  we gave you money to pay your debts with that you had with banks which coincidentally are on our soil . 
  and because you kinda have a bad track record when it comes to handling money , we gave it directly to your debtors , which means you now do n't have to pay their increased interest , but onlys the very modest one we ask for . 
  we are well aware that will probably happen shortly after the heat death of the universe . 
  in short : your big brother paid the loan sharks for you and eventually would like his cash back , knowing well that you likely wo n't deliver . 
  you 're welcome . 
  just want to point out noone forced you to take those debts . 
  two words : who cares ? 
  if the political leadership wants it , it 's going to be done , the peoples simply wo n't be asked . 
  worked that way for all the other eurozone countries ... 
  whichever side wins , it 's going to be a show . 
  we got that saying here : put everyone into one big potato bag and then hit that sack with a stick - it always scores a hit against the right one . 
  do n't worry . 
  the majority was against the euro in germany . 
  we were n't actually asked when they punched it through . 
  why would good eggs want to join this quagmire ? 
  what have they to gain from throwing their good currency away for a weaker one that 's bound to be highly unstable ? 
  that being said : which candidates would you consider to be `` good eggs '' ? 
  what , again ? 
  how about you start sending our gold back first ? 
  from your outrage , you seem to think that someone flew over here with a truckload full of cash and left it . 
  you might re-educate yourself how the marshall plan worked and what the requirements for use of those funds were . 
  well , `` the donbass region '' is hardly `` pretty much all of western europe '' , so i do n't see why we should start counting cash in tens of billions yet . 
  your post , sir , has no relation to my post . 
  i guess it 's just one of our transatlantic `` friends '' trying to be a smartass . 
  kindly try harder at trolling . 
  i think the eastern expansion was a massive error and will come to bite us in the butt eventually . 
  that being said , you 're a pedant . 
  add `` with the majority of the nationstate 's population territory within the borders of what generally is accepted as the european continent , e.g. 
  within an area defined by the extreme points of cabo da rocha , punta de tarifa , gavdos , the ural , mys thelaniya , ostrov rudolfa and bjargtangar . '', 
  to my definition . 
  let me spell it out for you , as you obviously did not get the hidden message . 
  east-europeans are to the eu what mexicans are to the us . 
  also , you have a very warped idea about how the eu functions . 
  we are a lot less free to pursue things than you might imagine , and i would wager entrepreneurial freedom in eastern europe is in fact much larger than it is here . 
  i was thinking a [ goldesel ] ( http://de-sichern.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/goldesel-sicher_1.jpg ) , that 's at least how we seem to appear to club med and eastern europe . 
   want to be associated with the west because it has ~ ~ a better societal model ~ ~ fuller bank accounts . 
  ftfy, 
  the video does have a point : ukraine will not in the forseeable future be an eu member state . 
  culturally derived from grecoroman , celtic and nordic ancestries . 
   they clean equally good as your `` powerful '' cleaner , and you pay less in electricity bills . 
  they said that with cfls , and led lamps . 
  then it took years for those technologies to come close to a 100 watt bumb in luminosity . 
   how did you come up with the claim that a machine with a smaller motor will be more expensive ? 
  observation from other technologies the eu started randomly banning : * cfls/leds as compared to tungsten light bulbs ( 10 , - $ on average vs. 0,50 $ for a light bulb - with * less * light being produced ) * shower heads increased in price after the ban for high-pressure shower heads . 
  oh , please , pray , how does the average eu citizen profit from less powerful vacuum cleaners at an increased price ? 
  i think you just defeated your own argument . 
  and because there are n't any real concerns they will flee , they did not get pretrial detention , only house arrest . 
  i guess which side you are looking at . 
  napoleon was very successful until they arrived at a burned moscow , then got stomped . 
  the wehrmacht was quick up to stalingrad , then they got stomped . 
  and the us did n't exactly return from saigon as a victor , either . 
  pet owner in shedding time . 
  i tried a dyson in that time , and i still had hair everywhere . 
  brought it back to the store , got me a `` real '' vacuum . 
  the 2500-watt-siemens sucked way better . 
  not to mention it was way cheaper . 
  that being said : i like dyson 's fans and hand blowers .
