   perhaps you do n't but i think a lot of europe thinks you should , yes . 
  but those are unfounded fears , or fears based on history . 
  in fact , for the better part of the postwar era , such fears were not uncommon about germany ( i still recall a guardian opinion piece fearing a new fourth reich after the reunification ) . 
  russia has all to loose and nothing to win by a confrontation , so they wo n't start one . 
   why you are also reluctant to lead a response using soft power that europe can unite behind our soft power works because we can make compromises . 
  the moment we become smaller european powers big mechabot , talking to russia as they want us to talk , we 'd lose that power . 
  if you want a soft-power solution , let mutti do what she can do best . 
   europe to rely on the us 's more confrontational approach [ any european country who thinks it is a good idea parading us troops around a few hundred meters next to the russian border ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2015/02/24/u-s-military-vehicles-paraded-300-yards-from-the-russian-border/ ) had it coming . 
  show me where there is a clear interest of putin taking on the eu ( or an eu country , for that matter ) , and we talk about appeasement . 
  until you can , this is just fearmongering . 
  well , we have had the misfortune to have fought them twice in the last century . 
  trust me ... things with them have changed since the 1800s . 
   russia is not going to use nuclear weapons because that would mean the end of the russian people you do understand that there are regimes who take such considerations into account , yes ? 
   any russian nuclear commander knows that and they are not going to sacrifice russian people for leaders that are more than willing to sell their people to chechen 's and chinese . 
  so does any western military leader . 
  and still , we had decades of mad . 
  also , i do not see the us risking the continued survival of the american people for the sake of avenging the nuclear wasteland formerly known as helsinki . 
  there is no such thing for `` bodily autonomy '' in the un human rights charter . 
  in fact , the only slightly relevant article particularily protects motherhood and childhood . 
  or are you just randomly making up `` fundamental human rights '' now ? 
  other models have some kind of redundancy built in , according to what i have read . 
  i 'm ( unfortunately ) not an aerospace engineer , so i am not good with the specifics . 
  we do not feel threatened by russia . 
  we see them as trading partners . 
  that 's because the british last fought russia two centuries ago ... 
  `` win '' ... with nuclear weapons flying . 
  yeah , sure . 
  you guys go first . 
   they relied on using tactical nuclear weapons to stop an attack . 
  russian nuclear doctrine is very different from western nuclear doctrine , especially under putin : they consider small-scale tactical weapons as being a-ok . also : i do n't comprehend if you are * for * or * against * my point that there is nothing to win in a war with russia . 
  and what is the problem we should have with that ? 
  ukraine is neither an eu member state , nor is it in nato . 
  borders change all the time , sometimes peacefully , sometimes not . 
  hell , the eu actively changed serbian borders through force only a decade ago . 
  that 's the `` but i want an abortion '' argument . 
  a human fetus as a result of a rape is not a life-inhibiting event . 
   and i do n't know about the redundant engine , the nh-90 is tested to carry 12 people , 3 more than the cougar . 
  this might be a special precautionary rule in german air law , but ... nh90-type helicopters do not fulfill the flugleistungsklasse 3 , only flk2 - an error in the engine leads to an emergency landing , not to a recoverable situation . 
  thus , as emergency landings over water are more likely than not to lead to loss of life , the helicopter is not allowed to fly over open water in germany . 
  normally , people are not conscious for about one third of the day . 
  still , killing them in their sleep is murder . 
  your argument based on consciousness is weak . 
  anyone care to explain to me how this is positive news ? 
  `` but i want an abortion '' is not an argument . 
  i want to race tanks over the autobahn and am not allowed to . 
  just out of interest , how did you `` upgrade '' the `` sea warter causes the heli to rust like a 1960s lada '' problem ? 
  or the lack of a redundant engine ? 
  as long as we ( as in : both our countries ) keep buying marine troop transport helicopters that are unsuitable for transporting troops or for flying over the sea , i do in fact think the military budget is inflated . 
  so , seriously , do you think a bundeswehr twice the size than now had an actual chance against russia ? 
  do you think a spanish military the size they had under the franco regime has ? 
  do you even consider france to survive more than a day or two ? 
  there are threats , mostly between european powers and great powers - those we are prepared for . 
  and there are forces of nature . 
  i think the concept is best described with a star trek quote :  long ago , a storm was heading for the city of quin ` lat . 
  everyone took protection within the walls except one man who remained outside . 
  kahless went to him and asked what he was doing . 
  `` i am not afraid , '' the man said . 
  `` i will not hide my face behind stone and mortar . 
  i will stand before the wind and make it respect me . '', 
  kahless honored his choice and went back inside . 
  the next day , the storm came , and the man was killed , as the wind does not respect a fool . 
  seriously ? 
  which relevant european ( in the sense of eu ) country actually has russian troops on their territory or in their airspaces ? 
  what we have here is the good old showing of strength we and them have exchanged for decades . 
  it 's working just fine . 
  it worked the last 70 years , it will work now . 
  that mostly affects long-range international routes , though - lufthansa has thinned out the intereuropean net and given it to their cheaper daughter germanwings . 
  and for long-range routes , there is plenty of non-striking better-service competition . 
  i 'd always choose etihad or singapore over lufthansa . 
  news like those is just what the war hawks need to drum up ww3 . 
  maybe we all should take a step back and take some moderation instead of promoting news of random maneuvers as being war preparations . 
  [ actually , immortalized cell lines ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hela ) are a thing . 
  cancer * does * grow forever , if given the chance . 
  `` theatre of sanctions '' ( image 2 ) is fairly on-spot , given how there is no logical or economic reason for sanctions being in the best interests of germany . 
  well , there 's that thing in quatar we are actively sponsoring , so ... 
  you signed the pact with the devil , now the devil calls his dues . 
  only cancer grows indefinitely . 
  they would n't have had the opportunity if there had not been a currency switch . 
  also , the public opinion does n't care . 
  the euro is responsible in the same way a gas station is responsible when they sell a known pyromaniac five canisters of gas . 
  [ well , the who defines obesity as starting at 25 ] ( http://www.who.int/gho/ncd/risk_factors/bmi_text/en/ ) . 
  maybe the nhs just wants their statistics to sound nicer . 
   bagration i guess you talk about the ww2 `` operation bagration '' 2.3 million russians against 0.85 million germans . 
   brusilov offensive 633000 russians against 467000 opponents ( most of them austrians )  defeat of the grandee armee 685000 napoleonic soldiers vs. 1.98 million russians . 
  yes , all based on zerg rushing . 
  when i look at [ these mockups ] ( http://www.scientificpsychic.com/health/body-mass-index-bmi.html ) , i 'd say about half of the dove models scratch at the bmi 25 obesity border . 
  when you strike out the extensive photoshopping that is regular in such shots , maybe more . 
  you and me both know there can be only one answer to that . 
  [ we already built some mockups for your consideration ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkrzdj9ta2i ) . 
  remember that dove campaign from a few months ago ? 
  some of the models might qualify as obese . 
  and how do they proove a model is anorexic ? 
  or is it just a `` we believe she is anorexic by how she looks '' ? 
  because that comes down to random medevial-style occupational bans . 
   0 % inflation can be expected this year . 
  first good news of 2015 !, 
  do you have a source ? 
  i like it when my saved money does n't devalue . 
  inflation is stealing from the savers . 
  hm , we had that phenomeon within two days ( 31.12.2001 to 1.1.2012 ) .
