  it was n't organized enough . 
  just because you kill a big number of people , you are n't commiting genocide . 
  doing so must follow a strategy of regional or global ethnic extermination . 
   according to snyder , both stalin and hitler wanted to eliminate the leadership of the polish nation . 
  wanting to kill a part of an ethnicity is by definition not genocide , only murder - or every war ever would be considered genocidal . 
  are those the same sources whose authenticity is more than just a little questionable and whose secondary sources within the wikipedia articles are completely written by the polish ? 
  in an artice that describes acts that would have lead to immediate execution of the soldiers in question ( see : sexual slavery ) for `` crimes against the purity of aryan blood '' ? 
  yeah , that 's reliable . 
  by the way , retroactively editing a post just to then ask if i did n't read it is bad style . 
  newsflash : in wars and insurrections , people die . 
  if you stage a de-facto army and start attacking an obviously superior military force , you willfully take into consideration your own death and those of pretty much anyone around you . 
  was it morally right ? 
  but it was no genocide either . 
  for a genocide , there has to be the will to - well - kill a people . 
   and joking about efficiency in context of genocide is sick . 
  oh , now we staged a genocide against the polish ( and no , the polish of jewish heritage do n't count : they were persecuted based on their religion , not because of ther nationality ) . 
  i would advise you to read more history books , your statement only holds true for a very specific value of `` germany '' and a very narrow definition of `` attack '' . 
  we have n't been the best of neighbors . 
   or is it better for the tax payer to subsidize equivalent of # 9 per hour , for those in employment . 
  hartz4 is ~ 350 $ per month . 
  even with the 260 $ rent allowance , you 're only at 610 $ / month . 
  if you calculate with the standard 168 hours month normal employed people do work , you 're comming to a `` hourly wage for the unemployed '' of around 3.63 $, 
  the georgian war of 2008 started when georgian artillery units opened fire into south ossetia . 
  there is no independent , reliable proof of russia having invaded georgian territory ( or territory claimed by georgia ) before . 
  the osce reports are pretty clear on these points . 
  the initial strike was times to coincide with the beijing olympic opening ceremony in hopes the world would n't notice too much . 
  that a russian soldier who was involved in defeating a georgian invasory force bent for an ethnic cleanising and breaking the concept of olympic peace now carries the torch is symbolic on so many levels . 
  *** edit *** : [ seems pretty much everyone agrees who was the aggressor in this case ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/responsibility_for_the_2008_south_ossetia_war ), 
  that 's not possible in many jurisdictions . 
  i 'm not an inheritance lawyer , but over here , you do have to give your closest relatives a so-called `` pflichtteil '' ( mandatory inheritance ) , unless they tried to or succeeded in murdering you . 
  any other cases where you can have conditional statements in the will only become active * after * it has been read . 
  conditional statements that have become true or false * before * the will has been opened are nil . 
  as georgia clearly was the aggressor in ' 08 , i do n't see a problem . 
   that said , putting a minimum wage in has nothing to do with taxes . 
  technically , yes , as minimum wage would put more people to unemployment and eventually welfare - which is taxes-funded . 
  or merkel will decline , force re-elections , and have the best re-election claim ever : `` they wanted to force me to raise taxes , but i stood by my promise in the 2013 election '' , thus ensuring a majority with no coalition partners . 
   where the streams from the planes are knocking down tiles of the houses , and people are having schlafst\u00f6rung , something must be done . 
  there 's tons of space in the east . 
  noone * has * to live near an international air travel hub . 
   otoh , like the idiots who voted in the east against the walls to contain the rivers because it would damage the ` view ' of their tiny towns , yea , they should be ignored and just do things to keep a town safe . 
  two problems solved with one act . 
  to be fair , it was mutual . 
  we just were a tad more efficient . 
  [ deutsches welle polen ] ( http://2fwww.prosieben.de/ ) more seriously , though : you guys make hell of a vodka . 
  just because you now are no longer living in a socialist country does not mean suddenly you become christian . 
  christianity and faith are learned , if you have lacked the rites when you were a kid you are unlikely to ever find meaning in them . 
  actually , no , it did n't . 
  exactly for this kind of situation , the olympic flame always has a back-up in a lamp that is transported in a more secured vehicle behind the torch . 
  the re-ignition via zippo most likely was done to not delay the transfer in a * very * security-sensible environment . 
  it is not valid . 
  if it is considered a loan , it 's void under the 1953 agreement . 
  if it is considered theft , the statute of limitations have passed . 
  not a dime . 
  picked a number out of the hat . 
  factually , though , we have paid for all kind of war-related things , and those payments do go into the billions . 
  by the way , one of the reasons of the 1953 debt agreement was that war reparation claims were groteskly inflated to begin with . 
  oh , look , it 's that topic again that has been discussed ad nauseam ... tl ; dr : there is no legitimate claim , so we wo n't pay . 
   mr. syngelakis , who was 7 then , still wants payback . 
  mr. syngelakis should be careful what he wishes for . 
  we 've paid for everyone and their cow for the last sixty years - there 's a point in time when our patience ends , and using a claim fixed up by the very same financial geniuses who drove greece to the wall as a `` bargaining chip '' to once more remind us of what our great-grandparents might or might not have done might proove ... unwise - especially with the likelyhood of re-elections over here increasing and eurosceptic powers gaining ground . 
  which means that they 'll intercept it * illegally * or ask one of their international friends to do so and give them their spoils . 
  laws mean nothing if you 're on the right side of law enforcement . 
  someone has to pay for the 2500 basic income - and that 's likely going to be the companies . 
  i did not say it was , i said it could be constructed to appear as one , as it was used to stage a takeover of a russian platform against the will of the platform 's crew . 
  essentially , that 's no different from somali pirates staging takeovers of freighters against the crews of said freighters . 
  the intent against said action is secondary . 
  unlawfully enter a vessel against the will of the crew , and you 're a pirate . 
  please also note that maritime law is pretty straightforward against this :  article 101   definition of piracy   piracy consists of any of the following acts : ( a ) any illegal acts of violence or detention , or any act of depredation , committed for private ends by the crew or the passengers of a private ship or a private aircraft , and directed -- ( i ) on the high seas , against another ship or aircraft , or against persons or property on board such ship or aircraft ; ( ii ) against a ship , aircraft , persons or property in a place outside the jurisdiction of any state ; ( b ) any act of voluntary participation in the operation of a ship or of an aircraft with knowledge of facts making it a pirate ship or aircraft ; ( c ) any act of inciting or of intentionally facilitating an act described in subparagraph ( a ) or ( b ) . 
    article 103   definition of a pirate ship or aircraft   a ship or aircraft is considered a pirate ship or aircraft if it is intended by the persons in dominant control to be used for the purpose of committing one of the acts referred to in article 101 . 
  the same applies if the ship or aircraft has been used to commit any such act , so long as it remains under the control of the persons guilty of that act . 
  united nations convention on the law of the sea ( unclos ) ( 1982 ), 
  \u00dcberman - superpowers include invoking ideas of him owning a limitless purse - though he thinks of this more as a curse . 
  the netherlands ask a maritime court to please release what could very well be constructed to be a pirate vessel ? 
  good luck with that . 
  ( and like anything westerwelle does , there has been close to zero news about it ), 
  just because some madman thinks we 'd be doing a good job does not mean we 're going to take it . 
  within very strict frameworks and guidelines . 
  also , that 's for redistributing wealth , not your corpse . 
  also , at least in germany , your will only is opened * after * your burial . 
  property is linked to personhood . 
  non-persons ca n't own property . 
  dead people are non-persons and thus , by definition , do n't own their own corpse ( or anything , for that matter ) . 
   arnulf \u00d8verland [ mandatory link to translation of ~ ~ poetry ~ ~ speech in question ] ( http://wordofman.blogspot.de/2008/08/christianity-tenth-plague.html ), 
  technically , in most jurisdictions , you stop being a person with death , and have no more rights . 
  * good for them * !, 
  the last thing they needed was a multi-billion four-weeks event that the taxpayers would have had to pay for - and for upkeep of the facilities afterwards . 
  especially in this situation . 
  frankly , potential future mass violence is no reason for today 's asylum . 
  also , you still are comparing people who actually were under attack from wmds with people whose cultural background make them raised misfits in society . 
   in germany they at least do not have to fear . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  you are comparing people who are leaving their homeland under threat of extermination to people who are leaving their homeland for an easier life ? 
  really ? 
  a few hundred montagsprotestler and the cdu to win a re-election hardly is the majority . 
  kohl did not have to promise bl\u00fchende landschaften because we all were so drunken in joy . 
  [ noble gesture ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/36243-slow-clap-citizen-kane-orson-w-bjki.gif ) . 
  i wish our politicians would be as humane as this . 
   germany wanted re-unification and this was the price . 
  actually , a small minority wanted reunification . 
   but economy is not everything ; germany also gets political leverage out of this .
