  i think the greeks know that much . 
  you 'd be surprised how finely nuanced the german language can be . 
  time * is * a factor . 
  reforms take years , sometimes decades , to take effect . 
  you getting a new drachma is more efficient . 
   yes , an excellent suggestion to lay the foundation for ww3 after a week of you having the most inane views , you always continue to amuse me . 
  but sure , let 's see how long greece survives ww3 against germany . 
  fun realities of the eurozone : we were forced into the euro because france/gb feared germany using the strong dm as a weapon after reunification . 
  it was `` give up the dm , or kiss the sbz good-bye '' . 
  kohl made two mistakes in one decision back then . 
  *** edit for the haters *** : article from a reliable source talking about that : [ die presse ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/wirtschaft/hobbyoekonom/611374/waehrungsunion_das-ende-der-deutschen-atombombe ), 
  i think defining blockupy as merely an anti-austerity protest is doing it a favour . 
  while anti-austerity is on the table ( guess why , when it is organized by communist organisations ) , the so-called movement also has a full magazine of other ... interesting ideas , such as a basic income gurantee , antimilitarism , social revolution , civil rights aspects , and probably a few others i have missed by now . 
  most of this points are unpopular to uninteresting for the general population over here . 
  instead , we focus on what seems like a bunch of teenagers and people not yet having realized the cold war is over and communism has failed destroying properties and the massive costs for the police . 
  anti-austerity is only used as an aspect of communist dogma which everyone has a opinion on . 
  also : germany the only g8 participant that is not economically hurting , and bad , right now . 
  in the land of the blind , the one-eyed is king . 
  after certain events in stuttgart in 2010 , i , who led a lawful life , have come to believe of anyone wearing an uniform as being an enemy of the people and eglible for being shot in the face wherever they walk . 
  so , effectively , i agree with the salafists in that one . 
  ah , come on , even the turkish agree they emmigrated their slightly backwards anatolian farmers to europe while keeping their pretty secular , highly-educated people . 
  actually , i have a slight team preference for the salafists . 
  they gifted me a very nice book recently . 
  and face it , noone likes skinheads . 
  you are aware madagascar is actually inhabited and the local population will not react kindly to have our mental underachievers ferried down there , right ? 
  also : shut . 
  down . 
  everything . 
  my problem was not translating the single words , but describing the concept in clear terms . 
  for that , good sir , i tap my hat to you . 
  hm , we think the british do a lot of pretty fucked up stuff that implicates us . 
  is it ok to be the smartass from the continent who starts raving about these things ? 
  i do not see how a war twenty years ago relate to eu membership candidate status today . 
  you imply we had any real interest in stopping the yugoslavian civil war . 
  to be fair , we did n't even were too thrilled with the missions we did fly . 
  if it would have been our decision , we would just have let the locals fight it out by themselves . 
  yeah , you 're completely right . 
  underestimate us . 
  we 're harmless , in everything we do we need help from the us of a. 
  in reality , of course , stopping the yugoslavian civil war ( the conflict you so conviniently veil as `` war on european soil '' ) had little to do with nato . 
  nato involvement was mostly operation deliberate force , ifor/sfor ( which was peacekeeping forces , you do not need night bombing abilities for that ) , and a two-weeks-involvement in the so-called kosovo war ( which was mostly about killing civilians and chinese diplomats ) . 
  i think we could have done the same , if we had wanted . 
  frankly , european interest in the balkans is rather low . 
  and we all are still alive . 
  seems to work . 
  `` creating facts '' , as we both know , can swing both ways . 
  good decisions are based on knowledge and thinking . 
   you should either shrink the size of the eurozone and allow the greeks to flexibility to deal with this alone i agree to shrinking the size of the eurozone . 
  the mediterraneans never had any reason to participate anyways . 
  but first , things are to be paid , and you only can pay if you live austere . 
   or prop them up like you have been doing with east germany and accept that you need to integrate more to be able to function . 
  we can discuss that when greece asks for becomming a group of bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  until then , and until we agree to that , i see no reason for an `` aufbau hellas '' . 
   delaying this is causing more pain for greeks , cry me a river . 
  they lived quite comfortably , spending like a teenage girl with daddy 's credit card . 
  eventually , debt will come back to bite you . 
   to the uk the crisis is playing a part in our struggles too credit card company wailing about not getting their money back quickly enough . 
  should not have lent in the first place . 
   germany signed up for carrying weaker states when you joined the euro . 
  actually , no , we explicitly did not sign this . 
  in fact , there is a clause in the treaties that says every nation is responsible for its own debts and will not rely on other nation 's bailouts . 
  it 's in [ article 125 of the lisbon treaty ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-the-functioning-of-the-european-union-and-comments/part-3-union-policies-and-internal-actions/title-viii-economic-and-monetary-policy/chapter-1-economic-policy/393-article-125.html ) . 
  i am sure it also is in earlier legislation , but am too at work to look it up at the moment . 
   `` i think the germans should start shooting everybody that 's jewish '' ah , the nazi bat . 
  it did n't need long for you to invoke godwin . 
   why are so many people here interested in telling the british pm to keep his nose out rather than tackling the actual issues ? 
  because we - to a certain extend rightfully - think your pm is scoring internal politics brownie points by scolding those pesky continentals and thus fuelling the british anti-european sentiments . 
  if he wants to bail out greece with british money and thus eliminates the problems , he 's welcome to have any kind of strange ideas about solving . 
  if he is only talking , he better stops doing so . 
  i think it 's an eurozone problem , so eurozone members should have a say , non-eurozone members should just stop trying to be smartasses . 
   not to be disrespectful , but your country devastated europe in world war ii . 
  ah , give it a rest already . 
  it 's been 73 years ...  three generations of germans grew up without fear of invasion , starvation , or lack of economic opportunity in large part because of the stability the u.s. has enforced . 
  30 km from where i live , you guys were seconds away from accidentally igniting a nuclear weap0n in ' 81 . 
  thank you very much for our carefree life . 
   lets not forget its neo-liberalism which has so vigorously been forced as the status quo by the u.s. and which germany owes much of its economic success to . 
  we are not and at no point in time were a neo-liberal country . 
  we have `` soziale marktwirtschaft '' , which i seriously do not know how to translate . 
  it 's not neoliberalism , though . 
   you may think russia is not a threat , but they still have enough nuclear weapons to wipe out the world . 
  ah , the threat with the angry russian bear . 
  excuse me , but we do have jovial relationships with the russians . 
  we buy their gas and oil , we have leading german figures working in high positions at russia . 
  and should a war come - well - even after sixty years of peace we do know how to cause a ruckus . 
  personally , i do think the us is much more a threat to world and local peace than the russians . 
   it will also , in my opinion , benefit both countries into the future by remaining close allies . 
  being a friend and ally means being able to say when war is unnecessary and keeping out of quagmires benefitting noone . 
  given germany would start a war of aggression against , say , south africa , because they are `` believed '' to house terrorists , would the us marines start to get their boots on the ground ? 
  ok . germany/austria and italia . 
  do we include religious people ? 
  or only secular ones ( the mediterraneans might have a word with that ) . 
  if we include religious people , which variant of christianity do we use ? 
  do we take people who said something controversial ( e.g. 
  is voltaire ok even though he was an anti-semite ? ), 
  can of worms . 
   i get the symbolism but that also does n't make them very distinguishable or unique looking . 
  do they need to be ? 
  i do not think changing the banknotes would help with an paneuropean notion . 
  the coinage was a godsend for this exact reason , giving every country control over their back sides . 
  but unfortunately , most of them put something completely stupid on it ( germany is a main offender ) or used it for their kings and queens ( which is historically nice , but defeats the point . ),
