  that homosexuals are not paedophiles per definition . 
   grundgesetz i think you are refering to article 8 , which is  ( 1 ) alle deutschen haben das recht , sich ohne anmeldung oder erlaubnis friedlich und ohne waffen zu versammeln . 
  sentence 2 is a umbrella exception rule we have like this on all our basic rights - it is used to prevent situations that would endanger the public , e.g. 
  protesting in front of a nuclear power plant . 
   funny that you mention that . 
  while this is true , it is also true that no kosovo serbs , no kosovo war . 
  afair , there were anti-albanian massacres in the kosovo ... but very little anti-serb massacres . 
   why did hitler invade poland , but not really invade austria ? 
  you do n't invade your living room . 
  austria is technically a german `` land '' , it 's separation as an own national entity is a historical bleamish ( if you are really interested , look up the `` kleindeutsche / gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung '' ) . 
  after ww ii , the separation was a convinient way of austrians to not get the shared guilt on themselves . 
   you think you are allowed to gather 500.000 people in the middle of ulm and walk down the main street , blocking all the traffic , paralyzing public tranist system ? 
  i am , but i have to announce the demonstration before so that traffic can be re-routed , and i have to provide `` organisators '' . 
  certain routes can be forbidden ( e.g. 
  having neo-nazis walk towards a concentration camp would be forbidden ) . 
  demonstrations with more than 50k people are rather common . 
   the us is arresting the people protesting on its streets as you and i are reading this right now . 
  i think we both agree the us is not exactly the stellar example of democracy they claim to be . 
  besides , they do n't get arrested for protesting . 
    mass executions  no . 
  does the name of ra\u010dak and the date of 15 ^ th of january , 1999 , ring a bell ? 
  or bela crkva , on 25 ^ th of march of the same year ? 
    people disappearing  no . 
  of course not . 
  should i really start digging ? 
    restrictions of human rights . 
   officially you were n't allowed to speak poorly of the state , however there is not a single record of an arrest being made because of that . 
   probable cause arrest is illegal in serbia . 
  so i , the stereotypical serbian police officer , see that aran\u00f0el , the local hunter , walks quickly , rifle in hand , to the house of dra\u017eo , who - as the whole village but poor aran\u00f0el knows - has an affair with aran\u00f0el 's wife , loading bullets and cursing . 
  it is more than probable that i will stop a crime if i take aran\u00f0el into custody , but i may not do so ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
   argument not analogous . 
  can you explain to me why ? 
  both ( assault/rape ) is a crime , and dressing styles / being openly gay does incite such crimes . 
   if they want to meet outdoors , they have to request a permission from the police . 
  what a convinient way of surpressing anti-government protests . 
   that 's exactly what they were doing . 
  4000 policemen iirc were protecting about a hundred or so members of the lgbt community last year , of course , all at the expense of the state . 
  of course to the expense of the state . 
  if the problem is created by the citizens , its solution should be paid by the citizens ( including the tax money of the gay-rights-protestors ) if 4000 policemen are not enough to create a peaceful situation , maybe you need more of them . 
   our constitution strictly prohibits gathering of the people if such gathering will result in violence . 
  i fail to see how you even dream o getting into the eu with such a broad exception in your constitution . 
  by the way , the same could be said for every soccer game . 
  do you have a professional league with people watching the games in-stadium ? 
  why is this surefire way to violence not prohibited ? 
   no march = no violence . 
  yes march = yes violence . 
  the logic is simple . 
  no kosovo albanians , no kosovo war ? 
  i start to understand your logic . 
  ah , a `` no real dictatorship '' argument , really ? 
  trust me , on the deepest levels , they are all the same . 
  that being said , your dictatorship , did you have mass executions of `` unwanted people '' ? 
  sure you had . 
  did you have people disappearing or regularily being killed in `` traffic accidents '' ? 
  of course you had . 
  did you have severe restrictions on your human rights ? 
  i would be surprised if you did n't . 
  what is a name ? 
  would a rose smell any different in any other name ? 
   a person walking on the street is arrested because he happens to be wearing a hood and a baseball bat ( perfectly legal ) , but there is no evidence that he has done anything . 
  yet he was arrested and prosecuted . 
  probable cause . 
  really , what kind of bullshit excuse is this ? 
   one could argue that gay pride march creates public unrest because it directly leads to it . 
  and rape victims are responsible for them being violated because they do n't walk around in burquas ? 
   gays in serbia also enjoy those rights ; every citizen does . 
  obviously they do n't enjoy the right of free assembly . 
  yes , we did . 
  see how this ended . 
  see how the serbian regime ended . 
  there 's a pattern there , i am sure you can figure it out . 
   dictatorship was better in many areas it always is , until you start becoming the minority . 
  can speak english ? 
  active on a capitalist communication website ? 
  probably a spy , let 's hang him just to be sure . 
  see how quickly this works in a dictatorship ? 
  protect the peaceful protestors , if necessary by police , to let them do their constitutional and human rights . 
   we want to make a paedophilia march . 
  however , the state issues an arrest warrant for all of us the rights of paedophiles are exactly those of the ordinary citizen in germany : freedom of expression , speech , and a fair trial ( with other rights not mentioned here ) . 
  in germany , paedophiles also may protest as much as they want , as long as they are not commiting crimes , and violating a child is a crime . 
  just to take the wind out of your sails : having intercourse or showing affection with/to a consenting member of your sex is not a crime , and should not be . 
   hundreds of people were arrested , numerous counter-protest organizations were banned . 
  why are they not allowed to protest ? 
  because they were planning to and/or commit crimes , such as creating public unrest , assaulting peaceful protestors , and probably some things i do n't know about serbian law . 
  it 's called `` learning from the past '' . 
   a recent poll conducted by the largest newspaper company in serbia ( `` novosti '' ) shows that 88 % of the citizens are in favor of the ban of the gay pride parade . 
  now are you telling me we should not respect the 88 % of the citizens ? 
  a poll in 1933 conducted by the state showed that  95 % were in favor of persecuting jewish citizens . 
  now are you telling me we should have not respected the  95 % of the citizens ? 
  ( i do n't compare , so no godwin ) the point is that following majorities without protecting minorities leads to dictatorship . 
  i think this is the first sensible question asked by you in this thread . 
  it is the states fault because it denies them the proper protection it gives its heterosexual citizens . 
  it ca n't get much worse than it is by now . 
  they should have ended the comic in ' 77 , when goscinny died . 
  what came afterwards lacked the substance of what made asterix great . 
   ch ha , fat chance !, 
  switzerland has only to lose from an eu membership . 
  they are strong because they are neutral . 
  it is already happening , if only for internal political credit : denmark http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-13366047 .
