oh , i am sure there were talks . 
  in the end , though , the actual initiative that led to nato expansion had to come from nato . 
  it 's like christmas , really : the kids might want $ current_gizmo , they can voice such a want , they might even make a deal - but if they actually do get $ current_gizmo on christmas morning is decided by their parents . 
   i know most of you understand it , but i get sick everytime i am reading `` nato should n't have expanded to the east '' as if the eastern countries had no say in it . 
  actually , they * had * no say in it once they voiced their plea to join - any expansion of nato is on an `` invite-only '' basis after an unanimous vote ( see : article 10 ) . 
  badly copied stuff , no official ci on the cover letter , standard arial font ... this likely is not originating from germany . 
   i do n't think there 's any respect to be gained from talking like you just crawled out of a manhole . 
  sometimes , the brave thing to do is the one action that might appear `` uncivilized '' to the political circus . 
  we have way too many officials who `` play by the rules '' and hide their true opinions behind a `` dignified '' facade - in effect throwing away their human rights . 
  we need people to remind us the king is n't wearing any clothes from time to time . 
  and yes , i can respect that . 
  if you think he did wrong , remember this day when the next election comes rolling out . 
  it is pretty much agreed on as a factthat leading nsdap members ( especially in the sa ) in fact were practicing homosexuals , and that the `` night of the long knives '' was an attempt to rid the party of such elements . 
  people are stupid , and choose political ideologies because of reasons that amongst others include `` trying to shock our parents '' . 
  how worse can you as a young israeli shock your parents than starting to draw swatiskas ? 
  too true , especially in bavaria , whose quasi-autocratic party heavily agitated for the `` right '' way to think . 
  i remember when i was 6 or 7 , there were regular maneuvers in the woods around my town - time we were forbidden to go outside , in the best of summers , because they feared we might get stuck up between a tank 's chain or in a firefight . 
  that sucked . 
  then there was the sonic booms all the time , sometimes a hundred a day . 
  and then there was this nuclear accident in heilbronn , about 30 miles from where i lived . 
  a pershing ii mid-range nuclear missile 's engine started firing during maintenance , with the warhead already on the device . 
  jewish nazis : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezxm9jkukbo gay nazis : we already had that . 
  remember 1945 ? 
  he also is right about where pussy riot should be . 
  attention whoring at it 's finest . 
  the czech president is of little relevance in germany . 
  honestly , this is the first i heard of it , and i am kind of a news addict . 
  of course , i do applaud him on his excercise of the single most endangered human right : the right to free speech . 
  if merkel did something like that ... there would be reelections for her until the day she died , and further - we would * love * a politician who was a little less clinically sterile . 
  see also : tonkin incident , sender gleiwitz , ... 
  attacking ones own troops under false flags to have a casus belli is standard military tactics . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  but they will come to terms with china in mutually beneficial terms . 
  neither beijing nor moscow is reigned by idiots , they know when helping each other 's helps themselves against the west . 
  that iuse of the word also is used in germany , though more rarely recently . 
  [ the name `` anschlag '' is rare , but not unknown ] ( http://www.verwandt.de/karten/absolut/anschlag.html ) . 
  that sounds ridiculously awesome . 
  with an emphasis on ridiculous . 
  how about we convince japan , uncontested robotics master , to try and run circles around them ? 
  arctic submarine robot arms race sounds like fun , like [ battlebots ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo3zwxo3yys ) , just in cold waters . 
  and the irish republic has n't revoked diplomatic status on the people responsible for this obvious political campaign ... why ? 
  actually , no , they ca n't . 
  what you see is either premediated , or they leave `` in good spirit '' . 
  the moment one of them informs the officials , the tv teams are in * big * trouble . 
  acting aggressively like this guy did would make that more likely . 
  wow , if that guy was in germany , he would be liable for so many crimes in that video . 
  pretending to be in an official , misusing an uniform , and the moment he starts putting handcuffs on people , illegal restraint . 
  he 'd do time . 
  i was more refering to the blade size . 
  that 's clearly more than the 12cm we are allowed to use . 
  the wood is the smaller problem really . 
  til . 
  i suddenly grow very fond of the polish parliamentary history . 
  i want it ... unfortunately , stupid laws prohibit me from actually using it . 
  must be nice , living in a country with a working parliamentary system and an opposition that actually opposes stuff . 
  lack of popular support for the euro did n't help us . 
  why should it help the polish ? 
  excuse me ... ? 
  that is ... awfully specific . 
  yes , that too . 
  til . 
  my idea of british football fan culture is heavily based on `` hooligans '' and hillsborough . 
  seems i should reeducate . 
  so , how come electricity costs are constantly rising ? 
  it would be nice if they could just stop their pro- `` green '' - energy propaganda . 
  i would never have considered * any * british football fan to be that friendly and civilized . 
  these are gentlemen indeed . 
   when is the eu or uk going to step in and take charge of this rogue little country ? 
  i 'm serious . 
  hahahaha , yeah . 
  you want to start a war because of you thinking a country 's tax rate is to low ? 
   i find it rather strange that this is used in conjunction with migrants , as if it is a criminal bunch in its entirety . 
  a criminal is one who commits crime . 
  entering the schengen area under false pretenses ( e.g. 
  hidden in a cargo hold with forged papers ) is a crime . 
  thus , the group of illegal immigrants are , in fact , criminals . 
  the fact we show them leniency once their asylum requests are granted is not relevant in this observation . 
  what russia * can * do - and actually is doing right now , is finding new friends , and it finds it in east and south asia , both of which happily get cheap oil from russian pipelines instead of buying arab and transporting it slowly and expensively with tankers . 
  i can already see underpaid russian customs officer telling oligarch wife to ditch her shopping results . 
  yeah ... 
  i want to see how that 's going to work in the `` oligarch 's wife waves caiman-island 's credit card in front of japanese gucci store '' scenario . 
  we 're not talking industrialized import/export businesses here . 
  these are `` small fish '' . 
  more likely : china and japan , who both have more than enough branded stores . 
  because buying * in * europe still helps the percieved enemy . 
  heh , yeah , not likely . 
  i call bullshit on the number of average languages spoken in germany , because of two reasons : 1 . 
  immigrants and their offspring often have their original language still being used parallel to german . 
  this is a sizeable sociocultural group . 
  students have to learn at least another foreign language , two if they want the abitur ) . 
  50 % of our students do get the abitur , so that 's at minimum three language spoken for them - four or more if they happen to be immigrants or on a language-oriented school to lower the average to 2 , you 'd need a large number of people to not be able to speak any language . 
  history has shown people are pretty content with virtually any political system - anything from quasi-anarchy to fascist dictatorships to communist autocracies , to liberal democracies , as long as they 're reasonably safe and reasonably wealthy . 
  systems do not collapse because people suddenly decide they now want a monarchy or a democratic republic . 
  they collapse because they feel their socioeconomic level is suboptimal . 
  they only are willing to die the moment their security has pretty much completely vanished . 
  you can extinguish such revolutions easily by making sure your middle class is content . 
   so you basically saying there are no things or ideas worth fighting and dying for in a nutshell , yes . 
  because all your ideas and things are worthless once you are dead . 
  yep , and they all have one thing in common : instead of achieving a slightly-better socioeconomic environment , they now are dead . 
  your logical error is : [ affirming the consequent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affirming_the_consequent ) .
