  another schinkel-inspired building is as irrelevant as it gets . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day ... 
   do find the rationale behind all 19 executive orders and justify them . 
  for that , i would need to have access to the 19 reliably translated executive orders you are referencing . 
   eg drafting striking teachers as soldiers and order them to work or face treason charges . 
  education of the next generation is essential , strikes create long-term damage to their lifes . 
  that 's more important than short-term gains teachers try to get from suspending their work . 
  that , btw , is the exact reason why striking is illegal for teachers in germany . 
  obviously , an error in greek law ( allowing strikes for public workers ) is being fixed through the back-door of a pseudo-draft . 
  whatever floats your boat , i think . 
   it is used to suppress other rights and repeatedly circumvent the parliament . 
  not all rights are equal . 
  right to life is more important than right to property , e.g. . 
  right to free public broadcasting is something i would consider so auxiliary that it 's not even on the radar . 
  circumventing the parliament is another matter - but even from this angle , i do see the point in the government 's actions : you ca n't wait for weeks to get a decision that wo n't work after all in the end . 
  you need to have a result , asap . 
   ert 's staff is not paid by the state . 
  the company is financed partly by advertising and party by a license fee ( of which fee , half goes to the state budget to fund other government projects ) . 
  and who pays the pensions ? 
  who pays social security ? 
  who ensures the license fee is enforced ? 
   ert did n't fail . 
  it was working at full capability and it was making profit . 
  from the quote you gave ( which still is unsourced , dead links are n't trustworthy ) in 2011 . 
  is this still true today ? 
   i hope it 's still allowed to have a democracy in europe at least . 
  here 's a hint : there is no such thing as an european democracy . 
  we 're all representative republics , and even then , the representatives real power is surprisingly small . 
  on the eu level , we 're as close to a plutocraty as you can get . 
   ert was shut down to create a fake downsizing while creating more costs for the state . 
  actually , if ert was shut down as an entity , those costs would be paid by the remaining monies from ert , which then would declare bankrupcy . 
   executive orders are at the verge of constitutionality because they are planned ahead ( hence they do n't fulfil either the `` emergency '' part , or the `` unforeseeable '' ) . 
  emergencies are something that can be forseen . 
  for example , if you know there 's flooding on a river 500 km upstream , you know in two or three days , there 'll likely be flooding in your area . 
  same is true for economic emergencies . 
   this specific one is completely out of the line , because the junior members of the coalition did n't sign it , thus there 's is n't a majority . 
  i understood article 44 that it was to be enacted by the president , not necessarily by a coalition . 
  executive orders , as i read the greek constitution , are not subject to consensus . 
   also , if you ca n't see how ruling by executive orders is abuse of power , fair nuff . 
  how can constitutional usage of constitutial tools be abuse of power ? 
   you can see it as the greek pm trying to cheat eu again , creating false impressions of downsizing , while he creates more costs : broken contracts with 3rd party media companies that will create fines , those are one-time fees , employing 2700 people are recurring costs . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
   unilaterally firing people that should receive compensation . 
  i start to see how greece ever got into this mess . 
  you get compensation when your business fails ? 
  if petro , a tavern owner , employing 5 waiters , is broke and ca n't pay them anymore , would he have to pay them compensation ? 
   just hope that this trend of executive orders instead of parliamentary procedures does n't spread across europe . 
   and anyway , you compare countries to family trips and conclude that sometimes democracy is impossible , so yeah . 
  yes , sometimes , democracy is impossible . 
  you ca n't have a democratic vote forcing the government to make the moon turn purple . 
  and you ca n't have a democratic vote on if you want to spend money that simply is n't there . 
  that is a quote from an unsourced report ( where 's the link ? ) . 
  pointing at data from two years ago . 
  it also says nothing about these 57 millions actally getting back to governmental financing . 
   you are linking to presidential decrees that ratify eu directives which were debated in the parliament . 
  those decrees by samaras are used to draft striking workers as soldiers and force them to return to their workplace or risk be accused for treason so , there are two types of decrees ? 
  maybe , for clarifying , we should use `` decrees '' for the one kind , and `` executive orders '' for the 19 others . 
  and even then , i do n't see how `` executive orders '' are not constitutional if i look at article 44 of the greek constitution . 
   those are the 19 decrees that abuse the provisions in place especially for wartime . 
   44 ( 1 ) : under extraordinary circumstances of an urgent and unforeseeable need , the president of the republic may , upon the proposal of the cabinet , issue acts of legislative content . 
  such acts shall be submitted to parliament for ratification , as specified in the provisions of article 72 paragraph 1 , within forty days of their issuance or within forty days from the convocation of a parliamentary session . 
  should such acts not be submitted to parliament within the above time-limits or if they should not be ratified by parliament within three months of their submission , they will henceforth cease to be in force . 
  frankly , it 's there for `` times of emergency '' . 
  if the current crisis is not an emergency , then what is ? 
  so , in 40 days , given the parliament does not vote on this , ert 's closure would be nil . 
  of course , by then , the damage would have been done , and i doubt there 's a `` right to return to your former workplace '' . 
   and now , to shut down public property without any debate in the parliament . 
  again , if you do n't have the cash , you ca n't make closure a democratic decision . 
  if you ca n't support a trip to eurodisney , you do n't ask your children if it 's ok to not go . 
  that being said , i 'm pretty sure that the ert facilities remain in posession of the greek state . 
  most likely : they will end up to be 10k permanent non-citizens living here . 
  we did that with yugoslavia , and the vast majority of the refugees never left . 
   ert is a profitable organisation . 
  it actually gives money to the state . 
  citation needed  there have never been so many presidential decrees in greece since the 3rd hellenic republic was funded in 1974 . 
  the form they are named is [ running number ] / [ year ] , e.g. 
  [ 259/1997 ] ( http://www.wipo.int/wipolex/en/details.jsp?id=2006 ) - which suggests there were at least 259 decrees in 1997 ( because they * do * get reset - there is also an [ 114/2010 ] ( http://www.refworld.org/docid/4cfdfadf2.html ) ) so , 19 decrees in six months seems to be rather few . 
   you do n't instil liberalism with authoritarian means . 
  the problem is not a lack of liberalism in ert . 
  it 's a lack of money . 
  if you got nothing to spend , you do not have time to restructure or scale something down . 
  you have to take distinctive steps . 
   this was the 19th presidential decree in 2013 . 
  samaras pm governs without a majority ( even the junior coalition partners distanced themselves from this one ) , and without discussing anything in the parliament . 
  without being a specialist in greek constitutional law , i think neither is 19 a particularily high number ( the numbering scheme suggests hundreds of those are given each year ) , nor do i see how using a tool that is written in the constitution ( article 43 ) can be unconstitutional . 
  i do n't know , but that seems like a rather sane move , considering they have ~ 2700 employees ( or easily three times the people germany has in their public broadcasting - and we have about 25 public tv stations and ~ 50 local radio stations ) . 
  obviously , ert was a dump for people to get a nice , well-paid job without having to do too much . 
  this is how you actually save money . 
   they seem thicker , they seem to have some plastic coating . 
  i washed one the other day , and it is in perfect condition ( after having dried ) . 
  when something similar happened with an old note , it was destroyed beyond repair . 
   it might seem weird that they 'd care , given the $ 5 is such a low value note , but they are counterfeited . 
  in some countries , $ 5 can buy a lot . 
  ... which makes the 5 $ - note the one most likely to be ignored by cashiers when it comes to forgery-detection , and thus the one * i * would start counterfeiting like there 's no tomorrow ... 
   so , fund-raising to sponsor terrorism is not a crime any longer ? 
  that 's not what they do . 
  they do n't raise funds to build bombs or for bus tickets . 
  they raise funds to support those who had the misfortune of one of their family members having done what was a terrible mistake . 
   what prinicple would stop them from doing this ? 
  first , french jews are a lot more visible than german jews .
