  and they created the kkk , which ultimately was growing less prominent . 
   does n't matter if all this turns out fake after couple of weeks as the damage has already been done . 
  i agree that 's a problem . 
  but then , censoring it will cause unrest as well , because `` they do n't want us to see what obviously is the truth ( or they would not have to hide it ) '', 
  all media is propaganda . 
  lativan , russian , ukrainian , german , british ... you just have to be better than the other guy . 
  so , in short : the propaganda that suits you . 
   what if you ca n't , because said person is not in your jurisdiction , do you let them continue or do you block the channel trough which they commit their crimes . 
  if the matter is outside your jurisdiction , then you do not have ... well , jurisdiction , in which case blocking the channel also does not fall under your jurisdiction . 
  but of course , it 's easier to consider them * feindsender * and have mandatory death penalties in place for watching them . 
   so all of sudden you chose one particular side , huh . 
  i choose the side which obviously is being the underdog . 
  in this case the ones who want access to information that is denied to them by a government they had no say in creating . 
   so you judge who escalated the conflict post-escalation ? 
  i do n't judge . 
  i just do n't see peaceful heroes of the maidan and fascist policemen directed to shoot them in the head by ~ ~ hitl ~ ~ \\ ^ mjanukowich himself like the majority of / r/europe - and i do consider the government of kiev as illegitimate putschists . 
  technically , lativa was not an occupied territory between '44 and ' 91 . 
  it was an internationally-accepted part of the soviet union . 
  there is no legal hurdle against settling in your own territory . 
   no , you ban them . 
  well , no . 
  someone is personally responsible for that specific act , and that person ( as in : someone made mostly out of water ) you can punish . 
   well i wonder where you got that from and why they 'd tell you that . 
  in this thread actually . 
  about ethnically-russians not actually being citizens and laws being made stricter to avoid their standing . 
   see above . 
  i watched the news , mostly the no-comment sections of euronews and the livestreams . 
  what i was was people - bviously dressed for streetfighting - throwing molotow cocktails at policemen . 
  what i did not see was hippie people sitting there in meditation . 
   and if kant 's categorical imperative is an end all , why not implement it as a law ? 
  because you ca n't make money out of simple laws . 
  40 % of our legislative are lawyers . 
   laws are there for a reason , and if you do n't obey the laws you do n't like ( imorall / inconvenient ) , then it sets a precedent for all the laws to not be followed . 
  oh , you follow all the laws of your respective community ? 
  if you see a teenager puff on some weed , you call the police and cps ? 
  frankly , that makes you a horrible person . 
   being above the law is bad in all cases . 
  i 'm sure we can find a nice black uniform for you . 
  the state ^ tm needs people like you . 
  i disagree with inciting violence against anyone , irrelevant on what basis . 
  i would consider such speech hateful and potentially idiotic . 
  but i do not consider this speech , or any speech , to be justified to surpress . 
  and you ca n't surpress that , actually . 
  if you make them not talk about jewkilling in public , they will do so in semipublic and private events - if they go and say those things in public , at least you can counter them , show some opposition , drum up some propaganda of your own . 
  antijewish protests in the last few weeks did cause some outcry . 
  noone noticed when the nsu killed turks in private , over ten years , they were simply not on the radar . 
  so even these extremists should be allowed to openly state their opinions , no matter how crazy or dangerous they are . 
  it easily marks them for scrutiny . 
  how do you fix a democratic system without the support of the * demos * ? 
  would such a fix not be autocratic or plutocratic by definition ? 
  democracy ( like any system ) is dependant on the support of the population . 
  freedom of speech is not about being `` fair and balanced '' . 
  just because you do n't take the opposing view into consideration with every sentence you speak does not necessarily make you an enemy of freedom of speech . 
  ethic cleansing is such a bad term . 
  i question the sanity of letting a population that size in your territory without assimilating them and giving them all the rights you have . 
  in that case , you got three options : 1 . evict them ( or give them some funds to go away peacefully ) 2 . give them the territory they overwhelmingly settle 3 . wait for the eventual catastrophe to come . 
  i just misinterpreted his sentence . 
  nothing should be done . 
  if it is libel and slander , it 's easy to disprove , and in such those messages are self-defeating . 
  kant 's categorical imperative exists and is the cornerstone of any variant of morality that 's worth it 's salt . 
  by your definition ( `` local morality being written down is what we call a law '' ) would make slavery and industrialized genocide morally ok . 
  which obviously , it is not . 
   banning a select few channels for a set period of time is pretty personal . 
  channels are not persons . 
  you do n't put a transmission tower into a jail cell . 
   so everything from nuclear launch codes to your dick picks is up for grabs , huh ? 
  anything goes . 
  we call it transparency . 
   if you 're talking about the non-citizens , they can go get citizenship at any time , much easier than any immigrant , yet they choose not to . 
  so what about that free will you were talking about . 
  my information was that this actually is not true or a distorted version of the truth . 
   as a response to violent suppression of protests , actually , the protests were violent to begin with . 
  actions result in reactions . 
  `` is not an end to itself '' means , or so i have been taught , `` satisfying no other purpose than the enjoyment of doing it '' . 
  hitler 's propaganda worked because he took away everyone else 's freedom of speech . 
  if anything , that 's an argument for , not against , this basic human right . 
  not the laws i do n't like , the laws i do n't find moral . 
  for instance , i would never call someone out for smoking weed - even if i was required by law to do so . 
  i would also not follow a lawful discrimination against a group of people . 
  those objectively are morally wrong laws . 
  i might not like the mandatory color of my houses roof , but i still follow it , because that 's a moral law . 
   do you understand the concept of propaganda ? 
  firstmost , propaganda does n't just create dissent out of thin air . 
  it leverages dissent that already was there . 
  it 's an amplifier , not a creator . 
   so libel , incitement to violence , publishing sensitive information should be legal ? 
  i am a strong opponent of libel laws , for they make free speech dependant on wheter or not the speaker can afford the lawyer . 
  incitement of violence is a crime and should be punished personally and individually , not by shutting down a medium . 
  and publishing sensitive information is absolutely ok in my book - we ca n't cheer on snowden and assange and at the same time become angry if some letter from our state ministry of whatever gets published . 
   or all such laws undemocratic compared to the purest form of democracy , which is a violent overthrow of a government by a minority . 
  if your human rights are infriged , as , for example , your right to citizenship and voting rights , then yes , a violent overthrow of a government by a minority is acceptable . 
  of course that might lead to the state breaking apart . 
  that is , by the way , exactly what we saw at euromaidan and in what happened afterwards . 
  a small pro-european group violently overthrew a democratically-elected government and now they get their part of the country . 
  well , a democratic system is not necessarily a free system , nor is it necessarily good for it 's population . 
  in the end , a state has a few important tasks , one being ensuring the security and economic welfare for it 's citizens . 
  sometimes , you can do that better if you are not following a democratic rule . 
   they are not `` our '' people . 
  if you live alone in your appartment and i break into it with my family and we start to live there with you , that does not mean that we 've become `` your family '' and that does n't mean that it 's `` our '' apartment now . 
  so ... why did n't you evict them ?
