  a convinient mouthpiece used by a western propagandist radio channel . 
   during and after the russian revolution of 1917 , widespread destruction of religious and secular imagery took place , as well as destruction of imagery related to the imperial family . 
  ( wikipedia on iconoclasm ) those who do n't remember the past are doomed to repeat it . 
  yay . 
  even more loud , obnoxious teenagers and middle-aged women attention-whoring on their iphones , speaking extra loud to fight the sound of the engines . 
  exactly what we needed . 
  this shit is why i 've stopped using long-distance trains . 
   it is very necessary because unless we do it , nothing is stoping russia from advancing further and continuing its current path towards another cold war . 
  i prefer a cold war to a hot war , thank you very much . 
  that being said , the cold war was the era of the most growth , both economically and in knowledge . 
   putin is taking advantage of our doubt interpreting it as weakness . 
  yes , and therefore , we should stop showing doubt - by shutting down support for ukraine and do stuff that really benefits us instead , like solving the isis situation , and actually fighting ebola . 
   russia is very isolated internationally speaking and is seeking weak and desperate poor countries to attract to its sphere of influence . 
  that did n't work in ukraine , or at least it has n't worked yet . 
  yes . 
  it did n't work , though , because the west , particularily the eu , massively backed a illegitimate movement within ukraine to destabilize the pro-russian government . 
  this is a war the eu started , not russia , and it started with euromaidan . 
  russia does n't want ukraine . 
  they want a buffer zone towards nato . 
  the fact that there was a western-financed putsch that removed a legitimate government in kiev forced russia to intervene - and while they are at it , they can get crimea . 
  the east-ukrainian conflict is just a mistrel play to make ukraine look unattractive to join any western group . 
   i think this is very necessary from a political point of view for all of europe enlighten me - how is taking in a land torn by corruption , ethnic conflict and corruption important for all of europe ? 
   specially very necessary for the economy of ukraine . 
  i can see * that * : free money pumped into that country is very beneficial for their ruling elites . 
   but hey , they also have natural resources we could use iron ore and coal - both of whom we import because producing it within the eu is too fucking expensive . 
  we have tons of either . 
  some oil and gas , both who have reached peak production in 1975 ( ! ) . 
   i see nothing wrong in having a new client for our products they will buy our stuff regardless if they 're in the eu or not - because they sure as hell wo n't buy russian , and noone else is willing to give them credit . 
   what i ca n't see is what would be positive about not letting them join the eu . 
  protect what we have is a valid reason . 
  whoever wants to join a group needs to have something the group lacks , something that 's worth the associated risk . 
  as far as i see it , ukraine only carries risk : risk of corruption , risk of a failing economy ( we 've had that , remember greece ? 
  ) , and risk of military conflict . 
  they also played both russia and the eu like a fiddle these last twenty/twenty-five years , always lapdancing the one who gave them money at the time - until eventually , russia had enough . 
  their governance is not to be trusted . 
  when they have prooven they can substain somewhat democratic , non-corrupted system for a decade or two without `` revolutions '' or putsches to happen , *** then *** it is wise to talk eu membership . 
  doing so earlier just asks for trouble . 
  huh ? 
  to inflate = `` blowing up something '' , e.g. 
  a balloon , or money supply . 
  or the borders of a supernational entity like the eu . 
  yes . 
  but inflating it unnecessarily is not . 
   helping those people is in our best interest . 
  it is antagonizing a superpower with natural resources we like to have while adding nothing of value . 
   if their economy grows ours will too . 
  that worked so well in romania et al. 
  to have an economy grow , you have to stop certain practices , and that 's not gon na happen . 
  great , you go first . 
  please provide proof you 're living on the bare essentials and you transfer all other income to those `` in need '' . 
  oh , they would n't be welcome . 
  because reasons . 
   the thing is , you could prevent a number of the car deaths by lowering the speed limit by , say , 20km/h . 
  you would also cause some more car accidents , resulting most likely in a big , overall zero . 
  i want everyone to remember one of the first law the nazis created after their rise to power in january 1933 : the reichstierschutzgesetz specifically was created to ban kosher slaughtering of animals . 
  just saying . 
   until the old generation dies off and makes way for new ideas . 
  you do realize that there 's a middle-aged generation growing old now , which will still be good for an old majority , and that age is correlated to conservatism ? 
  all the liberal treehugging greens eventually will have something to lose , and will flock behind the cxu bandwagon . 
  in that order : * [ welt am draht ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_on_a_wire ) * [ kamikaze 1989 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kamikaze_1989 ) * [ goodbye lenin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_bye,_lenin ! ), 
  legally , being politically incorrect is ok . of course , if you 're in a position with some exposure , being politically incorrect is going to result in a public media execution . 
  austria , particularily vienna is known for it 's morbid fascination with death and it 's funeral culture . 
  see : * [ wiener zentralfriedhof ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zentralfriedhof ) * [ `` es lebe der zentralfriedhof '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrmljm9jnja ) * [ the vienna undertakers ' museum ] ( http://www.viennadirect.com/sights/bestattung.php ) * [ `` komm , gro\u00dfer schwarzer vogel '' - ludwig hirsch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mpgn7rm9no ) * tons of other references ... 
  of course , it 's an austrian to make a joking reference to death . 
  the grim reaper is a vienna citizen , huh ? 
  technically , erasmus students are n't immigrants . 
  also , have you recently seen pictures of british girls ? 
  < mrburns  excellent < / mrburns , 
  64000 euros a * month * ? 
  somehow i think that 's highly unlikely . 
   this means if i want a party with the correct policy on islam , i have to ditch all my other values and hit that pvv vote . 
  that 's actually true for every singular issue . 
  i 'm pro-ecology ( but / and because of that ) also pro-nuclear . 
  i am aware of that . 
  i still do n't need to increase my spots . 
  i 'd argue if they have the strictest weed laws ( ca n't comment on law systems i can not even read ) , you have another motivation/pressure to want change . 
  yeah , you ca n't . 
  but you can put yourself into the crosshairs ... causing initial suspicion which can lead to increased surveillance , or , when a judge is rubberstamping court orders again , little green men ransacking through your flat at 7 in the morning . 
  you wo n't get persecuted for weed you do n't have . 
  but you still have the legal trouble . 
  eu laws subdue nationstate laws . 
  if something is declared legal on the eu level , member states have to accept it . 
  ( that 's different from the us , where state governments can legalize something and the local authorities no longer have to persecute ) . 
  ... thus giving state-like organizations my living address and my name in a show of support of something that 's currently illegal to do . 
  yeah , totally gon na happen . 
  comments and opinions like that are why we will never have a single law for the whole of the eu . 
  i obviously can not comment on the reasons a random french woman whom i never met has , but just in case you have not understood this : twenty percent from income generated by 10 billion dollars is a fucking shitton of money . 
  with rising income , the relative value the state creates for you decreases . 
  you still get only one vote in the elections , you still do n't get any better protections from foes in your country or from abroad , the court system ideally is just as impartial as before ... ... all while the political power is wielded by people who paint you as some kind of greedy monster to appeal to the voters who are less wealthy than you are , with the promise to take yours away and distribute it to everyone else . 
  now , how is that just in any conceivable sense ? 
  that 's akin to a supermarket providing the same rotten apples to everyone , but taking proportionally more money depending on their respective income . 
   people do not avoid taxes when they consider them unjust , that 's a rationalization . 
   without consequences hah , yeah . 
  tell that to the guy who repairs sinks on the weekend and asks for payment under the table . 
  the guy who is in permanent danger of getting caught . 
  tax avoiders practice civil disobidience . 
  this is ghandi , not joe rockefeller . 
  people avoid taxes because they consider taxes to be unjust - and it really is hard to see why i need to give away half of my income , which pretty much is half of my life , for streets that are full of potholes and education systems that mostly breed stupid people who follow the party line ( the deviants getting straight into social security and gangsta rap ) . 
  the cost/benefit ratio is too low to make taxes accepted , especially if you are a high earner and thus have to pay even more taxes . 
  that 's not only rich people , by the way , that 's also the small worker doing extra work `` under the table '' on weekends without telling his tax form .
