  yeah , it 's a flawed system once you force women into the labor force , essentially devaluing the work-hour so people have to work more to substain a family , and at the same time taking women off their role as mothers . 
  it 's time to scrap it and replace it with a smaller , purely tax-paid version . 
   i do n't know why so many people assume that they will just sit around here and do nothing . 
  experience with certain other groups of immigrants which came around the mid-1990s . 
   we do n't have enough educated workers everyone who repeats this argument always keeps out the important second part of the sentence : '' ... who want to work for peanuts . '', 
  it 's a labor * market * , so goddamn , let the market decide . 
  that 's actually pretty spot-on . 
  particularily the schnitzel part . 
  also , in this episode , the female doctor speaks better german than the supposedly german patient or his brother . 
   it does n't help that all those german hollywood villains sound like they have a wet sock down their throats . 
  that really gets confusing if you are german and everything is just dubbed into german . 
  i never noticed this in foreign-language movies before someone pointed it out . 
  & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; that 's pretty much just gibberish . 
   `` feuertrunken '' in this context : ignited by the fire of joy and friendship, 
  yeah , you still needed to prove you spoke decent latin for most non-maths-related university studies ten years ago over here . 
  damn , i need to brush off my gro\u00dfes latinum again , it was so much work back in the day . 
  thank the gods those lyrics were thrown out - it would have changed a musical piece that demands brotherhood amongst mankind into just another nationalistic bullshit . 
   but exemplifying german values how so ? 
  i 'm pretty sure `` let 's invade poland and kill a few people '' is not something distinctively german , and when i think of an `` aryan super-human '' , i do n't exactly imagine hitler . 
  it might be the horrible acoustic properties of an open , crowded marketplace , or the inadequacy of handycams , but this sounds like one of these prague student orchestras who have trained this piece twice before doing this media stunt . 
  also , they 're at least 15 % too fast in the chorus part . 
  yeah , but do n't let * them * know that . 
  technically , vienna is in austria . 
  there really is no difference between `` refugees taken in '' and `` refugees getting asylum status '' in effect , which is the need to house them . 
   it 's not like having huge amounts of towns , parts of cities , and neighborhoods turned into arab communities is particularly attractive or beneficial . 
  if you want the benefits of eu membership , you have to carry the burden as well . 
  i agree with everything else you are saying . 
  unfortunately , neither us germans nor the polish get to choose . 
  would be an improvement . 
  the predictions come directly from our government , though , and are widely considered to be * extremely * conservative . 
  noone says they should take the numbers we do ... but shutting the borders completely and denying any responsibility does not exactly win the hearts and minds over here . 
  yeah , in 2014 . 
  it 's not 2014 anymore . 
  we expect 750000 refugees in 2015 . 
  yeah , not wanting to diminish the effort , but that 's about what we take in * every three hours * . 
   why encourage other countries to do the same ? 
  well , why should we both carry the burden of polish agrarian subsidisaries , * and * the full responsibility for the refugee crisis ? 
   germany is that it is a pseudo-democracy you wo n't hear me opposing that view . 
  i suggest you take a nice cup of tea and relax . 
  it 's not even 8am , and you 're already raising your blood pressure . 
  also ... `` enthusiasm '' is the wrong term to describe what we are feeling about the situation . 
  do n't know if you got the news ... but `` a new iraq '' is the status quo . 
   on the other hand , as you said , it 's not some fucking invasion . 
  how many refugees has poland accepted by now ? 
  yeah . 
  we should have learned our lesson the first time we tried integrating postsocialist areas . 
  yeah , you * could * argue it means `` north-centre-south '' - but then , it derives it 's name from the mitteldeutsche rundfunk ag , which clearly meant `` west - center - east '' . 
  so there 's that . 
   your schoolbook from 1995 claimed that the federal reublic of germany it was an atlas ... but for the maps , there were very little text . 
  the map itself , though , was unambigious . 
  by the way , it also mentioned some areas `` under russian control '' , namely the kaliningrad area . 
   surely you can provide proof for your claim ? 
  my claim that there was such a schoolbook in 1995 ? 
  like many schoolgoers , i returned the books after the end of the term , so no . 
   nazis yes . 
   nazis only actually , no . 
  there are legitimate , non-nazi claims on these territories . 
  the german-polish border treaty of 1990 can be considered unconstitutional and illegitimate . 
   poland to be german territory some areas currently under warsaw occupation . 
  hell , even the maps in my - in other aspects rather liberal - schoolbooks declared them as `` deutsche ostgebiete unter polnischer verwaltung '' ( german eastern areas currently under polish control ) - and that was around 1995 . 
  yeah . 
  turncoats are always beloved , everywhere . 
  some germans consider the lost polish areas the `` real '' east germany - the gdr area is `` middle germany '' . 
  oh , i remember all the girls in my final class who all suddenly turned `` bi '' and `` lesbian '' before taking off to university . 
  that was 15 years ago . 
  i was at a class reunion a few weeks ago . 
  90 % of them are married with kids now , most are ridiculously conservative . 
  the questions are so broad that the answers are meaningless . 
  for instance `` germany is a country of immigration '' can mean anything from `` yes , and i like it '' to `` yes , and it 's a problem '' to `` no , and that 's a problem '' to `` no , but it should be '' . 
  no offense , but there are countries far mor capable of doing this - they 're called `` screwdriver nations '' or paranuclear nations . 
  ukraine is not on that list because of limiting factors - for instance , they lack the nuclear fuel cycle necessary for nuclear weapons development and production , not to mention the funds . 
  can they crack open an old reactor and produce a dirty bomb ? 
  sure they can . 
  but that 's a far cry from a nuke . 
  and even if they have produced one ... why would they give it to some other baltic state ? 
  pekki , this is a pipe dream . 
  yeah , i can see ukraine , who does n't have nuclear weapons , or israel , who carefully avoids admitting they have , to sell them to some small baltic country for a lump sum . 
  do n't know how you get these strange ideas , but selling nukes is something that rarely happens . 
   not that anyone believes that effin germans or glorious italians would fight against russians anyways . 
  well , after two attempts , both several years long , we decided it 's much better to trade with them . 
  up to now , these deals included the implicit understanding that eu members are not on the chopping block . 
  how often has ee fought russians ? 
  but what about ze russians ? 
  they 're at your border , sharpening their knives . 
  any day now !!!! 1 !!!, 
  ! 1one ! eleven !, 
   people hate feeling strongarmed into something . 
  yeah , no kidding . 
  only who is strongarming whom ? 
   `` take in refugees when we will tell you to or no more eu money '' , most of them will pick no more money . 
  then they should leave the eu as well . 
  we do n't need parasitic countries . 
  oh , it was meant to be a book from the very first letter ... it 's only that they did n't consider writing more than just talking about their ideas . 
  ... where he was allowed a surprising amount of freedom , including his personal party-line male secretary and * several * cells . 
  that 's because it * is * him rambling , dictating ( pun unintended ) directly into an aide 's typewriter . 
  no second-guessing , no lectorate , no structural planning , just one large meandering speech . 
  the large-scale colorful stadion displays the dprk hosts are called `` arirang festivals '' , arirang being a reference to a korean folk myth about a young couple who are torn apart by an evil landlord ... 
  actually , i never got why hitler was considered a bad painter . 
  he was n't stellar , sure , but the few surviving works are n't that bad . 
  a bit simplistic , maybe .
