  efficiency is a measure for a result in a given timeframe . 
  if you can barely survive with 12 hours of work , you are being inefficient . 
   now you think i should lose some of that money ( and probably all of it eventually ) because most of the foreign investors that decided to use our services are russian . 
  if you keep your live 's savings in the bank after the haircut , you are a moron and deserve to lose everything . 
  also : why did you work with banks you had to know were not being substainable in the long-term ? 
   you can say we are money launderers and i will say show me any report that says that . 
  spiegel or any other media articles do not count . 
  in fact we comply with more rules than a lot of countries including germany [ 1 ] http://www.wnd.com/2013/02/russia-watching-bailout-plans-for-cyprus/  can you honestly blame us for having a 745 % assets to gdp ratio ? 
  we can blame you for allowing your banks to put all those assets into high-risk deals ( e.g. 
  greek government bonds ) and going belly-up ... 
  well , back then , they * did * benefit . 
  one day , though , someone had to pay the bill . 
  there is a nice fable about ants and grashoppers ... 
  it does provide an easy way out of having to create and provide expensive krippenpl\u00e4tze that will no longer be needed five to ten years from now . 
  it is good fiscal policy . 
  also , nowhere does it say men ca n't ask for this kind of subvention ... 
  regardless on it 's usefullness - this is anti-feminist ... because ? 
  1 litre milk ( 1,5 % fat ) : 0,59 $ 1 litre gas ( 95 octane ) : 1,609 $ so ... 
  i do n't see the point of the article . 
  ... says the guy whose country 's navy lost against fish trawlers . 
  as if the royal navy ever was interested in what and what not looks good at the world stage , 
  prevorious poster with an us flag wrote an easy slap about iceland being a country without military who defies the military superhero us and that this might be unwise . 
  what happened in the cod wars was that the uk , traditionally a maritime country , was unable to defend its fishing interest against iceland 's three times , who defended themselves by quasi-military and diplomatic actions . 
  who did or who did not come out as glorious is pretty clear ( hint : iceland ) , but does not change the fact that the royal navy ( the bundesmarine was absent , we * only * had trawlers in the area , so `` belligerent '' is a wide assumption ) prooved to be insufficient or insufficiently-instructed , regardless of up to three dozen warships in the operation theatre , to conter icelandish defensive procedures . 
  also :  on the evening of 6 may 1976 , [ . . ] the v/s t\u00fdr was trying to cut the nets of the trawler carlisle , when captain gerald plumer of the hms falmouth ordered it rammed . 
  the falmouth at the speed of 22 + knots ( 41 + km/h ) rammed the t\u00fdr , almost capsizing her . 
  the t\u00fdr did not sink and managed to cut the nets of carlisle , after which the falmouth rammed it again . 
  the t\u00fdr was heavily damaged and propelled by only a single screw and pursued by the tug-boat statesman . 
  in this dire situation , captain gu\u00f0mundur kj\u00e6rnested gave orders to man the guns , in spite of the overwhelming superiority of firepower the falmouth enjoyed , to deter any further ramming . 
  now * that 's * having balls of steel . 
  oh , make my day and give me a reason to bring up the cod wars , where the icelandish coast guard successfully controlled their territory against hostile british destroyers , again , and again and again . 
  i downvoted because it is pretty obvious we are not being told the whole story , and that our internal secret service , the `` verfassungsschutz '' , had it 's claws deep in their doings for over a decade . 
  instead of getting everything out and uncovering the alleged neofacist doings of the verfassungsschutz , they try to put a lid on it with a verdict against a pawn . 
  as such , the article is inconsistent and hides the more important part of the incident . 
  erm , technically , the first indochina war ( that later became the vietnam war ) was started by france in order to keep their colony . 
  they are , if you compare them to burundi . 
  once you have experienced munich public transit , you will see they are subpar . 
   i would say it has hands down the best public transport system ( i guess that is what you are talking about ? ), 
  in germany . 
  * cough * s-bahn * cough *, 
  that 's why you go to the stadtteilfeste , e.g. 
  the sommerfest in the olympiapark . 
  warning : ymmv . 
  berlin is everything munich is n't : dirty , badly organized , horrible infrastructure and unfriendly . 
  ... thus creating another source of income for their member countries : constant license renewal fees . 
  while technically yugoslavia was not behind the curtain , i would still see it as an eastern-european country . 
  which are prone to jamming ... 
  gps is one-way . 
  it tells the ship where it is . 
  lambdasat will get location information back to the shipowners on the other side of the globe . 
  i would guess the actuall localisation still is done by gps . 
  as a german , there is no central europe . 
  there is western europe , which effectually is west of the ex-iron curtain , and there is eastern europe , which is east of it . 
  * slowly strikes france from the `` to be bailed out '' list * a country who can do military interventions in countries on a whole other part of the globe is in no financial distress ... good for the french . 
  in the end it will be something like 3 % over two years , less than inflation , and only for companies actually having a betriebsrat and a tarifvertrag - many if not most middle-sized countries lack either . 
  move on , move on , nothing to see here . 
  technically , that 's not `` pushing someone to do something '' . 
  also , i think you will find it hard to proove that kind of accusation . 
  we told them they only get money when they buy subs ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
   this is why germany pushed greece to buy tens of billions of euroes worth of subs/tanks/weapons / ammo etc it could not afford . 
  yeah , and we put a gun to their heads to make them buy ... 
  i read this exact thing about a chinese emperor ... 
  you are aware that srebrinca is not even close to the kosovo , nor the same conflict , nor the same ethnicity . 
  it is n't ? 
  procrastination is not a good treat in a politician , i am sure you would agree with that . 
  in a political system where the only distinguishable difference between politicians is their public image , discussion about such public images is political discourse . 
  i see the culture of political discourse is reaching a new all-time height in / r/europe, 
  i know the advantages of oss , you do not have to tell me . 
  i was quite active a few years ago . 
  i stopped because i have come to the realization that without backing from the economy , an economy that standardizes on one software product , the time is wasted . 
   but your extra hours cost them as well , at least i assume you get paid extra . 
  that sentence alone made me laugh for three minutes . 
  fixed salary and unpaid overtime all the way . 
   these costs , license fees , support and training and retraining , will always occur and anyone will have to pay them . 
  and you want the schools to pay for training . 
  the training for a piece of software a future employer might or might not use . 
  a piece of software the future employer would more likely than not use . 
   money for not being allowed to immediately make desired and necessary changes here 's a news upgrade : noone actually does that . 
  sounds like a good investment compared to bankrupting your oh-so-developed banking sector . 
  yes . 
  hired for software development . 
  in reality to-go guy when someone does not understand the concept of tabstops in word documents . 
  which makes me work overtime to meet my own deadlines . 
  please pm me . 
  we are always searching people trying to teach ms word to our unwilling-to-learn non-it-coworkers . 
  you would be surprised how stupid people are with word . 
  it 's like trying to watch chimpanzees managing a space shuttle . 
  why should i if i just could claim dual citizenship and vote myself ? 
  you miss the point , obviously . 
  with dual citizenship schemes , you introduce a foreignly-controlled element to your own political system . 
  there is a reason why turkish politicians tour german cities right before german elections . 
   are you bvb ? 
  just because policies that discriminated against you did not hurt you personally does not make them any less discriminatory . 
  alright , do n't do the cliffwalk , uk . 
  but then do not wear the cliffwalker 's blue with stars t-shirt , and eat their candy in their clubhouse . 
  legally ? 
  it does n't . 
  ethically ? 
  noone likes the kids who cherrypicks only the part of the game that they like .
