  my russian is essentially non-existing . 
  why do we breathe ? 
  it 's human nature . 
  time for an a/b double-blind study , yes ? 
  well ... sure , if those numbers are realistic . 
  are they ? 
  wait , was n't china just yesterday warning the world they might only grow by 7 % in the future , and that that would be a `` stretch '' ? 
   do you really want choice between wartburg and trabant ? 
  to be honest , both of those had great engineering and reliability . 
  trabbis still drive , good luck finding a volkswagen that drove in 1989 . without a major overhaul . 
   i am old enough to remember empty shops . 
  it is a myth that the west pre-unification was some kind of magical wonderland of always-filling supermarkets . 
  we had times where you simply could n't get some products . 
  we know empty shops . 
  admittedly , they were more rare than in the sbz . 
   are you aware that russia ca n't even feed herself ? 
  they can - they just choose to do the sensible , less work-intensive variant of trading , though . 
  also , most of russia actually is unsuited for agriculture . 
  the ussr 's breadbasket was ... ukraine . 
  maybe calling for russia to feed herself is not that great of an idea , huh ? 
   what do you think pregnancy is , a fucking picnic ? 
  a normal and natural process of the female body in mamals . 
   in that case they would have done so before this war . 
  yep . 
  just about the time when the euromaidan people started going mad . 
  the conflict did not start with the war . 
   given the lack of earthquakes and tsunamis , what do you think the cause of them moving is ? 
  political instability , and later-on civil war . 
  but just because there are people fleeing does not mean there 's a war . 
  this is the first i 've read about an `` university of copenhagen '' ( though i would have thought there would be one * in * copenhagen ) , aarhus university i 've heard before , even might have read a paper from them ( but for some reason , did n't draw the connection to denmark ) . 
  and a `` technical university of denmark '' is completely unknown to me . 
  ... and i consider myself to be educated above-average and have spent a lot of my life in academic surroundings . 
   we have nuclear weapons . 
  that means you must surrender immediately . 
  belgium has nuclear weapons ? 
  call the iaea !, 
   call putin !, 
  nah , before you know it , he drives his troops through poland , and then it 's going to look like another of those pacts . 
   do n't have a problem with fewer scientist coming to denmark as a result of cutting work visas to be honest , this is the first i 've heard specifically about * danish * universities . 
  sure , i thought there were some , but i can not point to any of them as specifically renown or important . 
   i 'm guessing you never had to live under the `` other '' flag and enjoy the good life there . 
  i see pictures of the gdr , and those are people still having a good time , having their holiday house ( `` datsche '' ) , improving their homes ... ... sure , their cars are inferior , and their meals easier . 
  but they do not appear to be suffering much . 
   or you 're a coward . 
  ... says the latvian ex-pat . 
  why are n't you waving a pointy stick at the latvia/russian border instead of loudmouthing adults on the net ? 
  by constitutional law , the brd is not the legal successor . 
  the bverfg has considered calling the brd the `` de-facto '' territorial successor of the reich , though , to make sense of the reunification . 
  seriously , you got my full support . 
  as we have seen again and again , though , the eu does n't care about public sentiment . 
  germans were overwhelmingly against the euro and did n't get a say - the irish had a referendum against the lisbon treaty ... and had to repeat it until they gave the `` right '' answer . 
  it 's not a democracy . 
  it 's just the devil disguising itself as one . 
  i got into a good mood when i read the headline . 
  that good mood vanished when i read whom they are cooperating with . 
  not one euro for springer !, 
   but also , are you trying to tell me that the elected leader of a democratic country should n't request for military assistance if they are invaded by an overwhelming adversary ? 
  he has every right to ask for support . 
  but there 's a difference between `` hey , guys , we really could need your help with our civil war '' and `` guys , the bogeyman told me he would destroy you next after he 's finished with me '' . 
   to which states does germany as the legal successor of the third reich technically , the brd is not the legal sucessor of the reich . 
  the bundesrepublik only accepted continuing treaties between the reich and other powers ( art 123 gg ) and took possession of reich valuables ( art 134 gg ) , but reserved the right not to accept any debts incurred by the reich or any of it 's organs on a case to case basis ( art 135a gg ) . 
   internally displaced persons all i get on http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48d4d6.html is 59,670 . 
  maybe they do n't keep their statistics up to date . 
   it seems i misplaced the comma . 
  i thought you might have ... one million sempt awfully lot for such a small area . 
  you also take into account stateless people and refugees from other countries who now live * on * ukrainian territory . . actually , the unhcr talks about 70,457 refugees originating from ukraine . 
  but then , the article talks about ~ 317,000 ukrainians who are asking for asylum and other means of staying in ... russia ^ 1 . 
  makes me wonder if the kremlin does not have a point when they claim ethnic russians being persecuted in the ukraine . 
   is over 100 000 people driven out of their villages and cities not enough to call it a war ? 
  nope . 
  we call that a humanitarian catastrophe . 
  but so are tsunamis and earthquakes ( with hundreds of thousands of refugees ) . 
  [ 1 ] `` some 172,000 people had applied for asylum in neighbouring countries in europe , including more than 168,000 people in the russian federation . 
  a further 149,000 applied for other forms of legal stay in the russian federation . '', 
   hey , i 'm feeling a bit belligerent today . 
  perhaps i wo n't hit you if you transfer the contents of your bank account to mine . 
  sure , that qualifies as `` actively threatened '' . 
  i 'll anschlu\u00df you after work , ok ? 
   well , why do n't you give back eastern germany then ? 
  you 're provoking them !, 
  quickly !, 
  i 'd gladly give eastern germany for one euro to anyone who wants it . 
  it 's time the burden is on someone else 's shoulder . 
  do n't take this wrongly , but poroshenko is anything but a reliable source - he has a lot to win by the eu getting involved militarily . 
   if an invasion is planned ( which is n't very likely imho , i admit ) , then the methods employed will be very similar to crimea . 
  of course they will - it 's a good strategy . 
   men and women that were willing to fight and possibly die for your country because it 's simpler to just not do anything actually , willing to fight and die for my country to be turned into a nuclear battlefield . 
  there are people willing to fight for freedom ... and then there are people who do n't give a shit which color their flag has as long as they have a reasonable standard of living . 
  you post an opinion piece written by two us-based pro-abortion lawyers and distributed in a scientific magazine and consider this the basis of `` universal human rights '' on the same level and importance as the un human rights charter ? 
  surely you 're joking , mr. goldrake . 
   if we can never fight back , why not sign over sovereignty to the kremlin right away ? 
  we can , and we will , once we are actively threatened . 
  right now , this is of as much relevance to us as is china and mongolia quarreling . 
   this conflict is about ukraine . 
  this conflict is about crimea , which russia considers russian territory , and kiev considers to be ukrainian . 
  we might as well start marching towards moscow . 
  do you have a source for that number ? 
  i ca n't seem to find it with the unhcr . 
  and everything was nice and a-ok between the ukraine and russia until there was a putsch sponsored by the eu and the us ( no , it 's not a conspiracy theory , the us have admitted ) and everything went downhill . 
  i am sure the powerful limburgian military will gladly storm against the red army to make a point .
