  but ideologies need to be judged by what they actually lead to , and communism has a particularily bad track record . 
  i am also aware that communists today will claim that all those communist countries were n't in fact communist , turning it into another no real scotsman argument . 
  yeah , funny how a mod warned me off for being `` anti-american '' just the other day ... 
  yeah , some random self-declared irish person on the net tells me that after reading a comment on what happens over here in germany . 
  must be true ... 
  in fact , `` solidarity '' is the political left 's attempt to rebrand `` grace of charity '' - it just takes away the act of giving and it 's associated altruist motives and makes it kind of mandatory , concentrating on the fact of receiving . 
  none of your songs are associated mainly with solidarity , though . 
  they are communist battle-hymns - particularily the german-language version of the internationale , which calls for a suicide mission . 
  well , she already is in the process of adjusting her policies . 
  in this case , she ca n't be too fast , because she is seen as the one who caused the problem to begin with . 
   you had to have at least heard of guy debord . 
  as a well-read european with a degree in international security policy : no , never heard of him . 
  but then , have you heard of bernard bosanquet ? 
  i thought so ... 
  they choose the eu , when they did n't want the eu ? 
  it 's not a difficult transfer to make , 
  i 'm talking about natural selection , not deliberate genocide . 
  maybe you want to take a break from the internet , you seem irresponsible and agitated . 
  get out , have a beer , relax . 
  and christmas is n't a religious , but a consumerist day nowadays . 
  still does n't mean the origin should n't be remembered . 
  ... because i do not know every communist splinter group with more than two people , i guess . 
  well , if you buy a suv , do n't come back crying later that it does n't perform well as a sports car . 
  i had to look those guys up - i guess that is telling on how important or influental they were . 
  also , their main impact was the 1968 paris uprisings , and we all know how those ended . 
  unless the people doing this stunt do n't come from the area , that five-year-old is offspring of obvious morons . 
  also , what does the age have to do with it . 
  would you think it 's better if that kids was older ? 
  after 18 months , i suggested that he might want to get medical help ... something he did n't understand . 
  it was just normal to him to spend hours of his day on the loo . 
  i 'm also talking about wind ( which makes countrysides feel like industrial hells ) , i 'm talking about biomass ( that biomass has to be destroyed first , leading to deforestation and large agricultural monocultures ) . 
  that 's - imho - worse than a few nuclear power plants . 
  you can not just cut down groups until you find a small enough sample that does not show the behavior you dislike it to have . 
  ... and virtually noone ( but a few old people in the east who have not learned their lesson the first time around and some very young people who never worked a day in their lives ( and whose vocabulary and grammar probably is n't distinguished enough to understand * half * of our translation ) ) sings it over here . 
  but then , i 've read the new testament , and saw two millenia of religious wars on it . 
  you are in the end being judged not by your ideas , but what your followers make of it . 
  i do n't really see how renewable energy can be a good thing when it contributes to nature devastation . 
  i 'd much rather have my hills rolling and industry-free . 
   manager forbid workers to go to toilet and suggest them to wear diapers and then i have had co-workers who took 45-minute bathroom breaks just after lunch break , every day . 
  both play the people under their control in making them believe their lives would be so much better if they just take away from people more successful at them to redistribute , while openly allowing the use of violence against dissenters . 
  of course , that redistribution leads to taking away incentive , and the redistribution only gets into the pockets of the ruling elite . 
   the followers of those two currents have fought countless wars between each other . 
  so do authoritarian systems anywhere , at any point of time . 
  well , point is , very few people remember what actually this rememberance is for - this is not a day to remember to pay union fees or kiss your local party guy 's ass , but to remember the bloody haymarket affair in chicago , 1922 . 
  sounds like natural selection to me . 
  it 's probably best this does n't catch on . 
  well , i do n't know where you are living , but i get the merely subjective feeling we got more power outages recently than we used to . 
  i am not aware of any east-european colonization plans of the kaiserreich . 
  i guess they would have taken a bite out of poland and russia , but that 's about that . 
  are you , by chance , talking about wwii ? 
  it 's more a `` no real scotsman '' problem . 
  essentially , by trying to separate salafism from the rest of the muslim world , you claim that they 're not `` real '' muslims . 
  from a security-enforcement standpoint , it 's the safer bet to be anti-islam instead of anti-salafism . 
   did whole population of romania and bulgaria flood your country ? 
  so why would turks ? 
  experience shows that it 's not the countries best and brightest who come to immigrate , but most often their worst . 
  noone would bat an eye if it was the other way round . 
  well , if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ... 
  it 's work day ^ 1 , not communism day . 
  [ 1 ] in fact , in german , it 's `` tag der arbeit '' = day of work , not `` tag der arbeiter '' = worker 's day . 
  i guess that tells everything that is needed to be told about the german psyche . 
  it 's not a dream , it 's a more realistic view on matters . 
  with rising energy consumption ( think : electric cars ) , we can not have sinking energy production - and that 's what we will have when we continue on the current path . 
  of course , everyone knows that will lead to grid insecurity ( what happens when the wind is n't blowing ? ), 
  and is only achievable by cutting usage levels . 
  which means we will have a future government who will revert these decisions sometimes in the late 2020s . 
  merkel is an opportunist . 
  if we somehow would get a hard-on for smashing puppies tomorrow , merkel would make it a national policy . 
  wow , * last week * ? 
  sounds like cherrypicking to me . 
  meticiously planned `` mindless rampage '' . 
  `` germany - destroying the future since 2008 '' is hell of a slogan . 
  it 's a bit early to tell , but usually , they will at least be tried for resisting arrest . 
  language is deceptive sometimes . 
  consider that die linke , the radical-left party , can be read as `` the dishonest party '' in german ... `` link sein '' means to be dishonest . 
  the one is about young raccoons and political protest , the second is about political conservatism , which is neither incompatible to the greens , which is a deeply conservative movement , or liberalism . 
  i 'm not particularly proud of it myself , but then , the first time i voted against the filz , and the second time kretsche did a pretty good job , and the alternatives were worse ... 
  sure . 
  first , the translation is kinda biased and makes it sound that the speech is anti-germany . 
  in fact , she never says the word `` deutsch '' . 
  secondly , you need to understand that the green party is one of the most internally torn parties in germany . 
  there are the realos , down-to-earth people who are realistic in their demands - think joschka fischer , former foreign secretary , or kretschmann , current bw mp . 
  then there are the fundis , people who subscribe to all kind of crazy ideas . 
  i 'm in favour of the realos , and would like fundi greens to stay out of positions of power - thankfully , they make so many political enemies that this happens automatically . 
  the video looks like it came out of either the hamburgian or bremian senate - fundi strongholds , but their l\u00e4nders junior coalition partner at best . 
  do n't blame the fact that representative republicanism is a deeply flawed system on me . 
  so , where is the cognitive dissonance ? 
  i 'm pro-preserving the land , because i 'm a fool when it comes to trekking and the outdoors , also i like kretschmann . 
  that 's why i vote green in my land . 
  i 'm pro-personal freedom/responsibility and pro-civil rights , and that 's the one thing only the fdp really stands for - all other parties are pro-nanny state and anti-freedom . 
  i take that as a compliment of my proficiency in the english language . 
  well , your highness , i am quite aware that the fdp is a right-of-centre party . 
  but so is the green , at least in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  that 's one of the reasons they 're successful there . 
  i 'm a green/liberal voter ... but those protestors make me want to vote afd . 
  something left-liberal nutjobs are against ca n't be too bad . 
  can you actually see that from the ground ? 
   here is one time , feel free to look up more . 
  `` wherever they live '' is not specific to the baltics . 
  also , it 's pretty easy to avoid this : do n't fuck with the russian minority .
