  a year ago , i was pretty much an anti-federalist . 
  then brexit opened my eyes . 
  we truly are stronger together . 
  there is a difference between impotence - the inability to do something because it is out of your control , and incompetence - the inability to do something because you lack the skills . 
  for germany , it did n't - and you guys bombed us back to smithereens . 
  just saying . 
   lol !, 
  ` my country is better than your country ' in defense of uncontrolled immigration ? 
  that 's the second time i saw that one today even . 
  just to relativize your accussation of `` hero worship '' . 
  and actually , yes , we are better than you in any meaningful measurement . 
   and `` we have to tolerate blatlant and massive abuse of international law , because of international law and because there 's too many . '', 
  does n't get more sane with repetition either . 
  noone really cares about international law , because there is no way to enforce it without murdering a few million people and destroying a few billion bucks in material wealth . 
  so instead we focus on our national laws , and these are pretty clear that there is a process to be followed , which we do . 
   copy the australians . 
  and no , i 'm not having that particular discussion twice today . 
  you are aware that australia actually has no land border at all , right ? 
  and that running concentration camps eventually gets people hanged once the tide turns ? 
   wow , now that is some wild apologism ... nice hero worship . 
  remember that germans gave beethoven , two douzen influental philosophers , lilienthal , benz and diesel , schiller and merkel . 
  then remember whom austrians gave to the world . 
  which one of these allows for picking the country you prefer , even if you 're not actually fleeing war or persecution ? 
  the point is that you have to proove they are not actually fleeing war or persecution . 
  which is kinda hard when there are a few thousand arriving every hour - and each decision has a legal right to be challenged in front of a judge . 
  it 's not like we could just shoot everyone who we think is an economic migrant based on , say , the form of the nose . 
  we are kinda behind that stuff . 
  but amuse me , how would the god-like / u/macrosolid have solved the situation ? 
   and she never clearly corrected the misunderstanding . 
  did she ? 
  and what would that have achieved but to create civil unrest pretty much everywhere ? 
  do you think she would have been translated correctly the second time around ? 
   anything else is just following the letter of the asylum law . 
    uh , no . 
  read up on what it actually says please . 
  are you one of those people who ( pretend to ) mistake gfk-protection and political asylum ? 
   we took in as many as you did per capita . 
  then why are you pointing fingers ? 
  time to call the exekutor ^ 1 then . 
  [ 1 ] for our confused , non-german-speaking friends : that 's what austrians call the bailiff . 
  it 's a rough place to be in debt . 
   see the analogy to what merkel should have done to correct the misunderstanding ? 
  she did not invite them before , she did not invite them afterwards , anything else is just following the letter of the asylum law . 
  of course , if the austrians did not just put them in busses on their southern borders and sent them heading to germany , instead picking up their responsibility , ... 
  make america great britain again . 
  but i * understood * it . 
  therefore it must be true , and you are responsible for any effects this understanding now has . 
  that 's your line of argument . 
  see how you are mistaken ? 
  given the terrain , 700 soldiers actually are a considerable force . 
  but it was french and british bombers who delivered . 
  that being said ... 
  i think the uk still has to take their share . 
  i understand this comment meaning that you are going to wire me 200 euros . 
  now pay up . 
  you * do * look suspiciously like a wolf , though , so ... 
  alcohol must be hard to get by for kids in ireland / \u00cele-de-france . 
  not only nuclear bunkers , though . 
  some literally were concrete pipes and half-domes . 
  there will be groups dedicated to silence others ( remember srs ? 
  ) , the networks will react by blocking , people will start to self-censor , even if their texts would not have been `` toxic speech '' . 
  see and research `` chilling effects '' ( or , if you are german : `` schere im kopf '' )  i was disgusted by the amount of bile and vitriole thrown around . 
  the answer is to be the change you want to see in the world , not cheer for censoring what you do not personally approve of . 
  that is a very short-sighted way to see this . 
  it will lead to a more destitute public discussion and - in the end - to the creation of filter bubbles . 
  fahrenheit 451 describes a scenario in which people restrict information because it makes them think and instead drug themselves and live a very dull , tv-centric life . 
  we are in the process to recreate this : life should be more than kitten videos ( something that i think is completely unproblematic and unbanworthy . 
  nothing much more comes to mind ) . 
   force facebook , google and twitter to moderate their platforms , like they should 've been doing from the beginning . 
  it forces google/facebook/twitter et al. 
  to delete things that * might be * criminal within 24 hours , or pay up to 50 million euros in punitive damages - per not deleted comment . 
  which will lead to google/facebook/twitter to delete everything anyone might wake offense in , just to be sure . 
  what a great day to neuter discussion with the `` report this '' button , if you are unable to have a civilized discussion . 
  ... as of now . 
  and only minutes later , it mandated censoring the internet . 
   lol , isis not the only player in syrian conflict no , but it is the one major problem . 
  if it was not for them , the syrian civil war would have been over three years ago . 
   anyway , if you want to take the blame for all the world problems , feel free to do so . 
  not the blame . 
  we just refuse to machinegun down everyone who appears at our border . 
  and that is the minimal amount of humanity we expect from every eu country , even those who have still some way to go before they can be considered part of the european project . 
  oh , isis is not a direct result for american/british/coalition of the willing meddling ? 
  ah , the foreigner has run out of arguments and starts bringing in german-run concentration camps . 
  do we really need to play this game ? 
  it 's not like there is any nation out there who does not have it 's dark spots ... 
  have you been to berlin ? 
  i have , in 1991 , and i can tell you , anything remotely * near * the wall was a touristy renaissance fair , complete with people selling off old uniforms and chunks from the wall as tourist souvenirs . 
  it still was six years later , when i returned to those spots . 
   that i meant jump the fucking fence that divided your fucking capital city in 1991 ? 
  ah , you mean the tourist hotspot which crumbled after having lost it 's purpose in 1989 ? 
  which was actually concrete being happily chipped away by sight-seers ( --  mauerspechte ? ) . 
  which used to be a fence for about two days in the early 1960s ? 
  you have no idea about european history . 
  i suggest you refrain from embarassing yourself further . 
   you had russian slave masters in 1991 . remember ? 
  nope , we did not . 
   people would like ... risk death to jump ... no ? 
  i think you might have had a stroke here . 
  this is indecipherable . 
   i 'll leave out yugoslavia , do n't want to give you too much too read on your first day .
