   i do n't think you value human life as something which should be preserved regardless of nationality . 
  nationality has nothing to do with it . 
  if a person becomes a danger to society , society should rid itself of that person . 
  attacking a senior citizen for no good reason and willfully accepting her death as a potential consequence has shown the people involved have no regards for a peaceful coexistance , and further acts of violence are to be expected . 
  one stone , two birds . 
  i never said i was a fan of isaf , and anything that helps turning public opinion around so the troops are comming home earlier , even if some of them expire in the pricess , is a win . 
  actually , you did not get my point . 
  just because life can be hard in the origin country does not mean you should be allowed to be an asshole in your host contry without any serious consequences . 
  you do n't go to a friend 's house , shit on their carpet , rape their daughter and shoot one or two members for their money before you leave . 
  having the option to be sent back to a unfriendly origin country dangling over their head instead of a cozy north-european prison should make some of them reconsider their planned actions . 
  well , there is something like `` the right of the host '' - and if immigrants have shown they do not want to live by our rules , why on earth should we not send them to where not living by the rules is potentially fatal ? 
  expulsion , mandatory conscription to the infantry in afghanistan , such things . 
   the court is first of it 's kind factually wrong : war crime tribunals have existed for decades , most famously the imt . 
   political in itself undoubtly . 
  so throw out any judical best practice as well ? 
   the courts opinion on the status of kosovo which is definitely based on international law , incidentally on * jus cogens * , especially the right of nations to self-determination . 
  i am pretty sure there is noone in the us today who was sold there as a slave ... ( yes , human trafficking does exist . 
  yes , some people do make slaves out of other people . 
  i am refering to the african slave trade ), 
   the sentence should have been political , and here we are leaving democratic ground . 
  if it can be prooven that they are guilty , condemn them - but obviously , it was not prooven . 
  1.4 billions in 1953 money , to be exact . 
  which is about 12 billion usd in today 's cash . 
  after we had 95 % of everything destroyed , a situation much worse than what greece , spain or anyone in the eu have right now . 
  for comparison : 12.0 billion usd is less than 5 % of greece 's debts right now . 
  payments to greece until december of 2011 ( newest figures on wikipedia : 64 billion dollars ) , with less than half our population and about a third of our territory . 
  they did get help , and a lot of it . 
  but just like the marshall plan , help does n't come free . 
   austerity will cause more damage than it will do good and i feel that the spanish , greek , portugese etc. 
  are now more than ever aware of how much their government fucked up . 
  [ we learned our lesson the hard way . 
  maybe the hard way works from time to time ] ( http://userpage.fu-berlin.de/roehrigw/lva/ws9596/texte/kk/dhm/pics/b179_2.jpg ), 
  suicide because of economic hardship has been referenced ever since the roman empire , and is nothing exactly new . 
  if you claim in spain there never have been suicides because people ran out of money , you either are oblivious about the world around you , or you are actively lying . 
  if we were relieved , why do you think it is acceptable to get this out again and again ? 
   that aside , we stopped doing wars - for now . 
  the southern nations try to refuse even stopping their spending spree now ( as evidenced in the protests the other day ) . 
  comparing apples to oranges , huh ? 
  yes , you would have to pay , with a statute of limitations of 30 years . 
  ww2 ended in ' 45 , get over it already . 
  there is a qualitative difference between make-believe debts like `` reparations '' and debts you actually got goods and services for . 
  there is also a qualitative difference between stopping the behavior that caused the problem like we did , or not showing even a basic motivation to stop spending like a drunk sailor ...  you are the cause for everything bad in europe , always have been and always will be , fucking barbarians . 
  beware , the evil hun is at it again   go research how much money you owed them before the relief . 
  i start to wonder if you might be suffering from tourette 's . 
  either way , i wo n't support your rudeness anymore if you ca n't give a single example , theory or proof why things are like you do see them . 
   since you seem to be an expert , please tell me how `` three guys '' can corroborate a story about someone who left a war torn region ? 
  basic fact-checking is easy to do . 
  for instance , does his story add up ? 
  do you have intelligence reports on persecution of this kind of person in the country of origin ? 
  does the asylum seeker have documents prooving his identity ( if not : likely thrown away , then , what is he hiding ? ), 
  it 's not rocket science , and a lot of that stuff likely can be automated . 
   give us the money for the death and destruction you caused asshole we paid the british in the 1970s , when we bailed them out . 
  as we have not caused any damage in the republic of malta ( which only started to exist in ' 64 ) , i do n't see how you even think you might have a claim . 
   last time round you got pummelled . 
  statistically you 'd be dead after the war . 
  better not ruffle your feathers too much . 
  you know , i am not exactly afraid to die . 
  are you ? 
   remember you lost two wars following idiots for leaders . 
  statistically , we got better the second time , and the law of big numbers works in our favor ... btw , we did not loose because of moronic leadership , but because we were outnumbered . 
  now , do you think you get a coalition large enough against us again ? 
    i remember well when europe broke the last time the us came , and suddenly we were `` old europe '' and `` new europe '' ...  ? 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/2687403.stm  that 's why it needs to be done better . . referendums would be nice . 
  referendums that would actually be honoured in their outcome would be even nicer . 
   we 're under the threat of wasting resources competing against each other and standing no chances against the other superpowers . 
  public opinion is not the most rational thing in the world . 
  for a superpower , you need unity , and hell , even as a utilitarian pacifist i joke with british and spanish friends that we should team up and crush the french , and i get them to agree . 
  of course , we would never do such a thing , never , big promise ...  as for the culture , we all seem to share similar values here in r/europe . 
  do we ? 
  drop words like `` austerity '' here and prepare for the shitstorm to start again . 
  not to mention that redditors are all effectively the same socioeconomic group : left-leaning young people , overwhelmingly male , potentially just in university or in their first job . 
  of course we agree on things   true that , but then again , once an american comes around as talks shit , oh boy , suddenly we 're all europeans , suddenly those who are badmouthing us get destroyed . 
  i remember well when europe broke the last time the us came , and suddenly we were `` old europe '' and `` new europe '' ...  if things are done properly and in the most democratic way possible , it 's quite feasible and it would be a much better alternative than the way things are now . 
  only the eu has not exactly a stellar track record when it comes to democracy ( either , the people are asked not at all , or they are asked as often as it takes to get them to agree . ), 
  fuelling civil war , one bullet at a time . 
  disclaimer : i am not a specialist in swiss history . 
  i think what held the swiss together was a shared culture ( much closer shared than - say - a finnish person shares with a portugese one ) and the constant outside threat from france , german states and italy . 
  the eu lacks such an outside threat , and it lacks the shared culture . 
  economically , it 's extremely diverse ( having one or two powerhouses and a ton of alms houses , something switzerland has not in this extremes ) . 
  the people have a strong connection to their nature as `` schweizervolk '' ( whereas most europeans see themselves as polish , german , french , spanish etc first ) in short : i do n't see it happening . 
  technically , the swiss are no longer a real confederation ... but the constitutional reality makes them a `` real '' federal state . 
  i suppose they kept the old name for sentimental reasons . 
  i said that either it fails , or it becomes a federal state . 
  i think that this decision will have to be made soon . 
  personally , i would put my bet on `` failing '' , as i do not see a federal state being able to be sold to the german voters , it likely is unconstitutional to begin with . 
  any party attempting that will commit permanent political suicide . 
  after a rather rough initial two or three decades , yes . 
  just like the relatively rough first decade of ours . 
  by the way , the fact that our bundesl\u00e4nder are not economically equal and there are massive money transfers is a constant threat to the continued existance of the frg , and more than once high-ranking people of the giving l\u00e4nder have played with the though to just leave and try on their own . 
  yes , for now , it 's mostly polemics , but i can see bavaria or baw\u00fc leave within two decades or so . 
  yay , let 's counter an unjust law that led to the death of a human being with injustice costing the deaths of human beings . 
  welcome to the 21 ^ th century , eonir . 
  the frg already * is * a federal state , not a supranational body - massive difference to my examples or the eu . 
   we could also try to use our brains and come up with better and more creative solutions , like economic stimulus and pro economy measures to convert that spending in manageable debt . 
  aka `` printing money '' . 
  you are trying to detox an opium addict with heroin . 
   there are non crooked parties , the same that never make it to the news or ca n't get `` donations '' from big companies and big names because they do n't want to sleep with them , and as a consequence are enable to gain visibility . 
  let 's not be so naive . 
  tell that to our linke and to our pirates , both parties unlikely to attract big corporation 's cash :p it can be done , but it takes some effort . 
   we are not germans , neither are the rest of the ~ 6920 million people that live in this planet .
