  i thought movies only were subbed because it was a lot cheaper and dubbing was considered too expensive for a comparatively small population . 
   apart from that do you know what 's the difference between a dialect and a language ? 
  mostly the fact that different languages often are from different language families . 
   english is neither an official language of the place they are living in nor their mother tongue . 
  what we 're discussing is a supranational language for the european union and its effect ( amongst others ) on the national languages . 
  but atm that 's not the case so english has virtually very little use nor is it used much or at all by many germans . 
  any `` official '' foreign language ( and it would be a foreign language for the vast majority of eu citizens ) would immediately be discarded , because it has little or no use for most citizens , * unless * you enforce language use within non-native speakers . 
  most eu citizens never have to act on an european level ever . 
  i think scandinavia has a different kind of situation , mostly because they do have most movies only in subtitled variants ( or so i am being told ) , thus having access to a great learner 's tool from the very beginning ... 
   have you actually dealt with language death frisian living abroad ( = south germany ) . 
  i know the problems of platt nowadays ... 
  the main difference between sorbish and turkish is the mere mass of the speakers available here . 
  sorbs do have their own newspaper ...  most speakers could talk and definitively understand hochdeutsch , it might not be perfect but enough to converse and this is why your argiment for bi-lingualism falls apart : those are not different languages , but dialects . 
  try talking in english to them and see them fall apart ( all of them have had at least 5 years of english in sekundarstufe ii ) . 
  ah , come on , that was in 1996 or something like that . 
  not much net around back then ... 
  something germans can go behind . 
  get some spainards on board , and we should be able to take them on in ... three days max . 
   maybe if germany created a bundesland for the sorbs ... too little , and seriously , we got 17 parliaments ... we do not need an 18th one . 
  sometimes , we do like to get things done ... 
  actually , i do love every single monty pythonesque `` do n't mention the war '' skid i have seen . 
  i most love the `` mr. hilter '' one ... `` you would n't have had much fun in stalingrad , would you ? '', 
   at least the britons see it with humor . 
  oh , [ $ countries ] do stuff we do n't like all the time without being called lazy . 
  for instance , we are n't too thrilled about the russian pussy riot situation - but that does not mean the russians are lazy . 
   or two language groups speaking two languages . 
  for example a village/town in szekler land . 
  we do have this situation with the sorbs in the lausitz ... sorbish slowly is dying out , because it is not taught to the young ones effectively enough , and sorbs have to speak german nontheless in their workplaces outside their villages . 
   is n't this expected to increase with the european integration and all ? 
  it has n't happened in the past 30 years of european integration . 
   popular ? 
  heh , unpopular , of course . 
  do n't drink and type . 
  comment sniping ... such an useful technique - but let 's give you the information . 
   are you talking about turks that do not speak german among themselves ? 
  i am talking about every single immigrant group - and that includes romanians as well as turks - not speaking german among themselves . 
  in effect , what happens is that they start to live among themselves , and we get ghettoized districts in out cities , which leads to feedback loops ( `` i am never leaving the kiez anyways , so why should i learn german ? '' ) . 
   because it has two language groups ... you are advocating presaca ( just to pick an example ) , a community of about a thousand villagers , be populated with 50 % non-romanian speakers ? 
  in reality , a bilingual village has one language group speaking two languages , their mother tounge they will fall back to , and another language they might have learned in school , but are not very competent in on average . 
   either , it wo n't work , or we are killing the existing languages - which noone really wants . 
  a group of people living amongst themselves does not need more than one common language . 
  talks in the local pub are not switching between english and romanian frequently . 
  local languages are tailored to local problems ( see sapir -- whorf hypothesis ) , there are things that matter for the romanian population that can be expressed much better in romanian than , say , chinese , because the chinese never faced them . 
  so what happens is that the secondary language is used less frequently and eventually vanishes ** unless ** it is needed for meeting with non-locals . 
  which for the general population happens infrequently and thus it 's effect negligable . 
  at best , you get some pidginized english for intercultural exchange . 
  of course , you can have some sort of state-mandated enforcement of a new language , punishing old-language speakers . 
  not only will this be highly popular , it also comes off as cultural genocide , and has been used as that again and again , especially in the ussr and in china , but also in the colonial powers . 
  ah , come on , we do n't even get our immigrant population to be bilingual within their per group , why in the world should a village be truly bilingual instead of defaulting to the old language ? 
  either , it wo n't work , or we are killing the existing languages - which noone really wants . 
   just to give you an idea , if southern italy had the same percentage of `` invalidity pensions '' as lombardy , which is an industrial region of 10 million people , so data is good , italy would be saving 6-7 billion euros per year . 
  instead , it 's full of people who cheat the system . 
  great , so stop this . 
   there is already a train line there and nobody 's using it . 
  could it be that noone uses it because 4:45 hours ? 
  would it be used more if it was faster ? 
  how is car traffic between these regions ? 
   not to mention : high-speed train lines in italy cost 4x what they cost in france per km . 
  that 's a problem , but one that can be solved : use french companies . 
  if the italian ones are too expensive , too bad , negative impact on their side of the budget . 
   this is our final / / and decisive battle ; / / with the internationale / / humanity will rise up !, 
  that worked so nicely the first time . 
  i agree . 
  putting on speedtraps should be . 
  < / sarcasm  these 6000 people contribute to the problem , as they are likely employed without paying taxes , fuelling a shadow economy . 
  so many misconceptions and outright lies in only four lines of text ... 
  intelligence issues . 
  the people you encounter of the net are in the upper third of the distribution . 
  now , think of your village 's idiot and wonder if he is capable of functioning in a bi-lingual world . 
  hm , over here , we have about 1/4 of the under-40s who speak `` good '' english , the rest has little more than a basic grasp of the language . 
  i think the scandinavian nations have it easier with them having many movies subtitled , not dubbed ... 
  [ no ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge's_law_of_headlines ), 
  germans do things [ $ country ] does n't like : obviously , they are nazis ... come on , it is getting old . 
  thank the gods . 
  protestors have to be for something and against something else . 
  occupiers in frankfurt just were there , doing nothing . 
  ok , so how much of the economy do you think the points you made is ? 
  can you shrink state expeditures by 40 % by stopping corruption , government waste , tax evasion and pensions ? 
  or is it meniscule to - say - raising consumption taxes by a percent ? 
  feeling funny , are n't we ? 
  you know , everyone who does n't agree with * spending less than you take in * can leave . 
  let 's see how you fare without us ... and how long . 
  actually , cutting down the results of an inflated economy , and yes , that also includes inflated wages , is the only reasonable thing to do . 
  between 2000 and 2008 , greek wages rised 39 % , while german wages rised -1,8 % . 
  in effect , customer prices rised , and so did government spending . 
  it is not germany 's fault many of the large industries of greece are owned by their government ... 
  in short , if you have no cash , you stop paying for luxuries . 
  the sooner greeks are willing to accept this little principle , the sooner they will be allowed back at the adults table . 
  larger economies do not necessarily mean happier people . 
  we need to stop trying to maximize money and start trying general happiness . 
  i think the order is wrong - first , more democracy , or the eu has no legitimation to even exist . 
   but still it is nominated by those that were elected . 
  mps could have said `` no '' and then we would have had elections . 
  in your worldview , governments become roman-style imperators - but that is not how a republic with democratic principles work . 
  governments need laws passed to do anything , and laws are passed by the parliament . 
   and according to the italian constitution we both know this was not a stab at the * italian * government . 
   racist sentiment that has been part of ~ ~ germany ~ ~ mankind for generations ftfy . 
  be honest : are you completely free of stereotypes about other peoples ? 
   no death penalty actually ... after the treaty of lisbon , legal commentators disagree : http://www.currentconcerns.ch/index.php?id=866, 
  of course i ca n't speak for anyone , but no , i do not want to limit greece 's parliamentary power .
