  neither do i. 
  but i still think they have been reliable in paying back their dues . 
  for a reliable rating , nothing else matters . 
   the euro was a pan european gift voucher for german exports sure , we changed customers . 
  on the other hand , we did reasonably well with the rather strong dmark , and we have had trade surplusses at least since the early 1960s ( earliest statistics i could find in five minutes start at 1960 ) . 
  people still bought from us , but not necessarily the same people who do now . 
   yup and who bought your exports with the new undervalued currency and extremely low int rates ? 
  if you 're really interested , i can look that up at destatis later tonight . 
  i suppose we did a lot more international trade instead of eu trade back then . 
  which not necessarily was a bad idea . 
   i was just merely observing that prior to the euro germany was not doing so great , but europe was ok-ish and after the euro germany has got over reunification and is a global force but the rest of europe is in the absolute fucking shitter . 
  we did not so much prosper from taking money out of the rest-eu , we pulled us out by our own bootstraps - while the rest of the eu sent on spending sprees and massive wage hikes , we were told to `` tighten the belt another notch '' ( `` den g\u00fcrtel enger schnallen '' ) and bit through it . 
  you are living in an interesting parallel universe . 
  i think we did pretty well considering we took on including what basically was a third-world-country only ten years earlier . 
  let 's see what happens when france tries to do that kind of stunt , or britain , or italy . 
  some third-rate politician who managed to climb to downing street openly hinted at leaving the european union . 
  perfidious albion , all over again . 
  our economic advisors , usually rather paranoid , tell us to let them go : [ the uk is irrelevant ] ( http://www.wiwo.de/politik/ausland/iw-chef-huether-eu-austritt-von-grossbritannien-waere-kein-drama/5946530.html ), 
  i see we have different opinions about what constitutes a honest , reliable rating . 
   so you 're going to declare war back against s&p if they do n't keep germany 's aaa rating intact ? 
  well , it would be a new twist to ows , would n't it ? 
  i am more for freezing and/or seizing s&p assets . 
  i think the states might have a word with us if tigeriis would roll down new york streets ... 
  i have nothing against honest , reliable ratings . 
  threatening a superficial downgrade with no real reasons to change political decisions , however , is neither honest , nor reliable , it is an act of international terrorism ( definition of terrorism : inflict suffering on civilians to enforce political goals )  lunacy diplomacy . 
   how is that an act of war ? 
  willful destruction of a foreign economy is usually considered an act of aggression . 
   a ratings agency warns that you 're about to take on a whole bunch of debt and it puts your credit rating at risk ... a ratings agency starts to randomly assign credit ratings , trying to change foreign policy by what essentially is blackmail ( `` do this and that , or we crush your economy '' ) . 
  how is this not an act of war ? 
   europhiles erm , i 'm an eurocritic . 
  i only have a rational understanding about the german economic system . 
   and you have the cheek to deny that there might be a problem there is n't a problem . 
  because we wo n't help if helping means risking our own status . 
  hm , how long until someone considers this behavior an act of war ? 
  questioning our ability to pay our debts is laughable ~ ~ when the us still has a triple-a rating ~ ~ . 
  ** edit ** : yannickmahe is right : the us is not triple-a . 
  actually , the official name was `` berlin ( west ) '' . 
  i never saw it written without a hyphen , though . 
  is it a gdr-thing ( i 'm a wessie ) ? 
   if you feared it from the very beginning , why did n't you negotiate conditions to avoid a situation like this ? 
  because we , the people who saw this coming , were laughed at and ignored by the political leadership . 
  it maybe is a good thing to separate the leadership , who then and now ignores the things the people things , from the population . 
   the stability and growth pact was supposed to be for this . 
  it was designed to calm us . 
  nothing in the pact made it even worth the paper it was written on . 
   then why did you sabotage it ( germany was the first to break it , and no sanctions were applied ) , instead of ensuring that everybody abides it ? 
  we at least did not actually threaten the whole economic sphere . 
  berlin was inconvinient because it was an exclave with hostile neighbours . 
  the grundgesetz did not name a capital city ( it does now , in art . 
  bonn was understood to be a provisional seat of government . 
  there was little question which city we considered to be our capital . 
  we did n't mention this since the 1960s , because we tried to become a little bit more friendly with our neighbors . 
  still , the claim stood . 
  in fact , the gdr felt threated by the fdr 's claim so much that they called `` their '' capital `` berlin , hauptstadt der ddr '' ( = `` berlin , capital of the gdr '' ) in all official documents . 
  actually , bonn never was the capital of germany , and schmidt is well aware of that . 
  berlin always was the capital . 
  bonn was merely the seat of government . 
  you know , we are aware of that . 
  in the past , we sold this stuff to more solvent customers , and if there are none , we just delay the invoices until they are better-off again . 
  the southern states have invoked something that we feared from the very beginning - a massive debt-caused economic crash scenario . 
  most of us were euro-sceptics ( in the sense of currency ) back in the 1990s and when it was rolled out in 2002 - and now we haev a reason to be . 
  quite frankly , most of us would rather see the system crash than support it with our money . 
  we want to see the world burn , in vengance for being betrayed by the eu and our leadership . 
  and merkel , bad politician that she might be , she knows this , and stalls , to not risk her political legacy . 
   those are facts . 
  yes , those are facts . 
  but thankfully , neither of them is an one-issue-party , and - to be quite frankly - eurobonds is not what is considered important with the voters . 
  doing political suicide by forcing an coalition with the linke - i doubt the spd is stupid enough to do so . 
   although it does n't mean i do n't agree with you that a cdu-spd coalition would be best . 
  i did n't say it was best , i said it was the most likely outcome with an unpopular spd and a failing fdp . 
   maybe she could then , tell the german people : `` now it 's our turn to move '' . 
  and the people will ask `` why ? '', 
  - we really do not think we should intervene at all . 
  let me first say that schmidt is somewhat of a personal idol of me . 
  the best chancellor we 've ever had . 
  someone who knows what to do , and when . 
  well , since he introduced his pick for the 2013 election , i think schmidt should get out of politics ... he has started to get funny ideas . 
  being high in his 90s , he should retire . 
  haha ^ haha ^ haha ... 
  wait , you mean this , right ? 
  let me tell you why this is bullshit . 
  the rot-rot-gr\u00fcn coalition is seen as treason by the better part of the spd ( the linke is mostly the former left wing of the spd , combined with the successor of the sed ) . 
  the very moment the do this on the federal level , that 's the final blow for the spd , a party that has been suffering since schr\u00f6der . 
  merkel 's policy is seen as inconsequent by the german population , but at least `` she is not throwing too much money down the piigs ' throats '' . 
  as long as merkel stalls , she can count on the support of the population . 
  merkel has little other hooks to leverage an re-election . 
  a coalition who supports financing europe will fail . 
  there is zero support for that in polls . 
  what we will most likely see is a gro\u00dfe koalition ( cdu-spd ) under cdu leadership , under the rule that eurobonds are off , and four more years of merkel . 
  it worked so far , did n't it ? 
  analyzing your words now is pathetic ? 
  maybe you should read what you 're writing . 
  that aside : we * hate * when people want our cash , 
  your point is flawed ... namely here :  as long as women are n't equal to men prostitution should be illegal . 
  if that changes the demand will also change and human trafficking will cease to exist your point is that prostitution exists between relatively rich western men and relatively poor eastern women . 
  you propose to equalize income levels between these groups . 
  face it : this will never happen . 
  on the other hand , there always will be a man willing to pay for his fun , and there always will be a woman who decides half an hour of making a man happy is worth something , something that can be money . 
  we have had prostitution before we had human trafficking . 
  it 's called marriage .
