  unnecessary and uncalled-for * ad hominem * . 
   like i said , abuse not respect of freedom . 
  this combination of words does not make any sense at all . 
  alright , let 's do this . 
  it is you who set up the thesis that by banning discussion and knowledge , you make the world a better place . 
  it is my philosophical determination that only what is true can be good . 
  a filtered environment can by definition never be completely true , therefore it can never be completely good . 
  under what circumstances can a bad environment be good ? 
  well , the more closed , tyrannic a society is , the less danger may arise . 
  there is virtually no ( citizen-created ) crime in north korea . 
  there was statistically significantly less citizen-originated crime in nazi germany . 
  if you set up strict curfews and shoot everyone on the streets , there will be very little street crime . 
  but do we want to live in a society like that ? 
  this argument is a fallacy , as it defines a society that is not `` vile '' to some as somewhat preferable . 
  i think a free society is either strong enough to face it 's challengers , or the challengers might actually voice a point shared by this society 's majority . 
  the actual question , though , should be how such anti-muslim views have risen - after all , there * might * actually be something wrong with that view . 
  of course , if you ban discussion about the topic alltogether , you have solved nothing , you only have created yourself a filter bubble . 
  so , what if i was a muslim ? 
  well , i am not the most beloved character in the world . 
  but i manage to face criticism , or refrain to spread further hate . 
  and in the end , that is all that anyone can do . 
  worldnews is pretty uninteresting to me , and i 'm not a subscriber , so i did not notice . 
  but i have stood up to censorship before ( and have been flamed - and am flamed today - for it ) , am active in free speech advocacy online and offline and give money and time to the cause . 
  i do believe that the greatest danger we face as a society is a ban on speech . 
   have you ever been the victim of concerted racism ? 
  ( i have and so have my parents . ), 
  i 'm german . 
  just try to go anywhere in the former soviet-controlled part of europe and check if germans face concerted racism  i do not want to belittle your experiences , but that 's a bit more ... aggrevated than being denied service in a restaurant . 
  actually , i think an open discussion about how to make chemical weapons will lead to a better way to notice early warning signs and to a diminished threat of terrorism . 
  if someone is radicalized enough , they will commit terrorism one way or the other . 
  maybe in ways that are worse and less likely to blow up in their faces than chemical warfare . 
  banning discussion about these things does not prevent terrorism . 
   in your country anti-semitic hate speech led to genocide . 
  and in many countries which were similarily anti-semitic , it did n't happen . 
  seems like `` anti-semitic hate-speech '' is not a good indicator of whether or nor a genocide is about to happen . 
  i ca n't help but wonder if the ban on certain topics did not increase anti-semitism in people which were n't originally anti-semitic , though - after all `` if you can not talk openly about this , what have they to hide ? '', 
   and euro has inflated heavily too . 
  yeah , but not * that * heavily . 
  that is a very dangerous rule . 
  enter some right-wing nut declaring the migration crisis to be a planned/ongoing genocide on white people in europe ... now you would have to ban everyone who disagrees ... 
   would you be okay with open and free discussion on the best way to make chemical weapons and use them on population centers , then ? 
  dio you want to ban * knowledge * or * use * ? 
  chemical weapons and dispersion mechanisms are well understood , though , and easy to produce . 
  in fact , with a decent chemistry school education you can go far . 
  so , do you want to ban chemistry ? 
  after all , a lot of very useful stuff can be very , very deadly . 
  most chemical warfare compounds are originally found while researchign pest control . 
  in the end , rat physiology is not so different from human physiology . 
  yay for bladehenge . 
  that is a gross misinterpretation of a quote which has been taken out of context . 
  also , the centuries-old rivalry between prussia and poland should not easily be distilled into one `` damning '' sentence . 
  i mean ... would you consider churchill to be an hitler-like aryan-superiority racist based on  i think we shall have to take the chinese in hand and regulate them . 
  i believe that as civilized nations become more powerful they will get more ruthless , and the time will come when the world will impatiently bear the existence of great barbaric nations who may at any time arm themselves and menace civilized nations . 
  i believe in the ultimate partition of china -- i mean ultimate . 
  i hope we shall not have to do it in our day . 
  the aryan stock is bound to triumph . 
  aka `` basic power politics 101 '' ? 
  if that is the new standard for calling someone a scumbag , we better get our helmets on , because this will become quite a shitstorm , quickly . 
  merkel in the middle . 
  next to china . 
  next to japan . 
  near india . 
  near putin . 
  trump in the first row , but far on the side . 
  a position of little power , which traditionally is in the center . 
  gets talked over by macron and the indonesian guy . 
  looks disoriented , does not get talked to . 
  may relatively centered , but no tin communication , and in the second row ( aka . 
  `` the third world row '' ) . 
  standing next to tusk and juncker , both people who seem to be communicating . 
  note the left-handedness of this setup . 
  the picture is pretty good describing the power dynamics of this meeting . 
  alright , i 'll bite . 
  why should bismarck , unquestionably the most level-headed 19th century politician , be considered a `` scumbag '' ? 
   wtf are you talking about ? 
  i am talking about the victims of your mandatory vacciniation program . 
   no it is you arguing against a procedure which saved millions of lives and is usually nothing more but a little sting . 
  you could say the same thing about just forcibly euthanizing hiv-positive people . 
   since he was a hight ranking nato official we can safely assume documents undeniably proving his membership in the nsdap have been destroyed . 
  ah , now we are in the area of conspiracy theory . 
  given that we had a few actual nazi party members who eventually became chancellor , i doubt that kind of effort would haev been done for a random general . 
   i am glad we finally agree on that the attack on the ussr was indeed a war crime . 
  i do n't think we do . 
  there is just the question on when which events have occured , and very little information about when first acts of war have actually taken place . 
   is when areal bombing of civilians took place , one more war crime . 
  actually , not a war crime , because the hague convention did not concern itself with aerial warfare . 
  which saved quite a few butts after the dust had settled in ' 45 , unfortunately . 
   https://collections.ushmm.org/search/catalog/pa1140036 that link shows absolutely no proof that heusinger was a nazi party member . 
  it just shows that he was present at the trial ( much like other high-ranking people prosecuted by the imt which had not been nazi party members ) . 
   http://www.voltairenet.org/article174656.html this one only references him once pointing out he had a career after the war . 
  there are no hints on if or if not he was a nazi party member . 
   that would be after their troops crossed the border and first shots were fired . 
  hm , the sources i have talk about 3:30 for the first shots - but omit a timezone . 
  maybe you have better sources you can share ? 
   to prevent for example measles from spreading , around 95 % of the population have to vaccinated . 
  source as soon as you are below this threshold the spreading starts . 
  so , how many people are acceptable to die before demanding the mandatory human sacrifice of one otherwise healthy person ? 
   but let me ask another question : do you support the killing of handy caped , sick people or , to be more precise , people with a weak immune system ? 
  it 's not me wanting to mandate medical procedures , in best memories of the nazis . 
  again , read it from my lips : a nationstate can under no ethical law force anyone to surrender to mandatory medical procedures .
