  she will be carried out of her office with her feet first one day . 
  yeah , spring is coming , and with it will be not 3000 migrants per day , but 30000 . 
  this will rule surpreme over the newscycles for years . 
  which also would be preferable to a continued groko . 
  after each turmoil comes a chance to rebuild , and opportunity . 
  stagnation , on the other hand , is death . 
   reactivating the soap production fun fact : we never made human soap . 
   i do n't know many people who are against the euro or the european union itself . 
  that is actually highly dependant on which people you hang out with . 
  the under-30s tend to see the euro and the eu as something positive . 
  the elder generations usually see it as a threat to our prosperity ( and many warnings they gave and which were ignored have come true , e.g. 
  bailouts for poor eurozone members ) . 
  ilegally boarding a maritime vessel is an act of piracy . 
  that depends . 
  is either worth more than 5 $ ? 
   will lose next election point is ... there is no alternative . 
  we have the choice between shit-flavored ice cream in different colours . 
  and no , the afd will not be a major political party in the next election cycle . 
  they 'd need to get 50 % because they have no coalition partners , and that 's just unrealistic . 
   so mass killings is the answer ? 
  yeah , we call that concept `` war '' . 
  if done correctly , it 's pretty effective . 
   will you take the responsability for defining who is a terrorist and who is an innocent bystander ? 
  that 's easy : there are no innocent bystanders . 
   you can kill every known terrorist and thousands more will sprout in their place . 
  then you kill those thousands . 
  rinse and repeat until there are no more terrorists . 
  it 's not exactly rocket science . 
   afghanistan is known as the graveyard of empires , no foreign power has suceeded in controlling it for a prolonged period throughout history . 
  no civilization before had nuclear capabilities . 
  we * can * control them . 
  we just do not want to . 
  because we are stupid . 
   the minute the us left atghanistan the taliban so obviously the us have done a sloppy job if there were taliban * left * who could take over , would n't you agree ? 
  yep . 
  because people started parading in front of `` mission accomplished '' posters before the job was done . 
  do n't complain about the lawn only being half mowed when you stop after two minutes of snipping on it with scissors . 
  tell me what conceivably prevents current global great and powers to do so if they choose to ? 
  you state a dogma as if it was a fact . 
  of course you can carpet-bomb whatever place you think is affiliated with isis, 
  you mean [ something like this ] ( https://youtu.be/orp9ejeompq?t=35s ) ? 
  as it turns out , we have military airlift capability . 
  no need to bother lufthansa . 
   what if they 've burned their documents and refuse to say where they are from ? 
  you deport them to somewhere where there is no active state which can issue passports ... for instance , somalia . 
  let 's see if they like that better than where they come from ? 
   what if their country is n't safe ? 
  well , maybe they should n't have tried to make ours unsafe ? 
   who takes them back there ? 
  the nice customs agent who gets his 100 usd per returned refugee . 
   you have a bigger badder more unpredictable monster right now that 15 years ago before this whole thing started . 
  and that is why you do not do `` surgical strikes '' but carpet bombing . 
  somehow , germany did not develop an even worse variant of the nsdap after being defeated , even though we would have had more than enough reason to hate the allies for killing our family members . 
   only allowing for the minimal force necessary to escape a dangerous situation to be applied actually , that 's incorrect . 
  you are entitled to use any means at your disposal to end an immediate attack on you or your property . 
  this includes lethal force . 
  there 's been that case about someone throwing a food can to prevent theft from his shopping cart in a supermarket . 
  he was set free because it was notwehr - even though the elderly lady thief suffered multiple fractures . 
  there 's also salyut ... 
  well , not everyone . 
  mozart is just the prime example to show how complicated it is to define nationality , * natio * and geographical alligeance in pre-19th century europe . 
  noone talks about beethoven having been prussian - though we * do * make that distinction for * some * prussians . 
  it simply is not interesting enough to warrant a debate  mozart , however ... 
  for some very specific definitions of `` nation state '' , you are right . 
  for others , you are n't . 
  in the end , it comes down to which political school you subscribe to . 
  well , salzburg had a territory , a distinct language ( remember : a language just is a dialect with an army ) and a people ( though people back then referred to themselves as `` german '' , but so did people from vienna ) . 
  in a sense , that 's a lot like people today who think of themselves as `` europeans first '' . 
   cultural and historical theft theft implies that something is diminished by someone else taking it . 
  no japanese is `` less japanese '' by poles wearing kimonos , and no greek is any less greek by some macedonians claiming themselves to be macedonians . 
  thus protesting this is beyond childish . 
   this entire thread has shown you as utterly incapable of adult debating . 
  well , this sentence shows i must be in great company then . 
  [ welcome to the clusterfuck that was the holy roman empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archbishopric_of_salzburg ), 
  knowing the japanese quite a bit , i do n't think outside for very stupid and very nationalist circles the reaction would be anything more than an insultingly polite smile . 
   `` mozart was bavarian '' actually , mozart was salzburgian . 
  salzburg was an independent nationstate during his lifetime . 
  it has been bavarian and austrian a few times , though . 
  austrians , however , are all to happy too tell you that beethoven was austrian , but hitler was german . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  who cares what people choose to call themselves ? 
  ... and look where it got them . 
  technically , the bavarians stole most of their `` traditional culture '' from austria , especially lederhosen and trachtenjankerl . 
  and it still is a matter of dispute if czechs or bavarians brew the better beer . 
  also : there 's oktoberfests all over the world now . 
  as they are not technically asylum seekers , how is `` safe country '' even a requirement ? 
  we deport people to china and the united states all the time , neither of which are exactly `` safe '' . 
   again , to where ? 
  if they claim to not have a passport , deport them to somewhere where no passports are being issued . 
  such as somalia . 
  i hope it 's greek for `` greeks suck '' . 
  honestly , that whole stuff was beyond childish . 
  [ actually , yes , that 's exactly how they are applied right now . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/hausdurchsuchung-nach-hass-facebook-posting-zu-alan-kurdi-a-1051606.html ) yes , it 's `` only '' a hausdurchsuchung , thus property damage and psychological terror . 
  which often is enough to make people shut up . 
  yeah , that 's because the anarchist version obviously is a parody . 
  yeah , `` the majority of germans support ( ed ) xyz '' was such a great way for policy-making in the past . 
  yeah , only then we have used that exact law to prosecute someone who expressed joy at the picture of that drunk syrian boy , so it clearly is censorship . 
  not all of us think the banhammer is the right instrument to solve this . 
  but then , it 's not so long since german politicians have openly admired the chinese great firewall .
