  and some believe the propaganda , that their war is to protect against enemy foes who want to kill their families . 
   this is really a preferrencial thing , but by the start of ww2 germany had been unified for less than 70 years and were , i believe , still separated enough culturally to be considered several parts of a whole instead of one homogeneous group . 
  that differentiation really fell away after ww1 with the weimar republic and the consolidation of state powers in berlin ( which was * one * of the many reasons why the nazis had it so easy ... ) . 
  of course , differences remained back then and even today - a bavarian has very little in common with a frisian - but you have that in any sufficiently-large country - your average kentuckian has different manners , different accents , different hobbies and political views from your average californian . 
   i 'm not condemning any who were n't explicit in the atrocities of the nazi 's , but there were still many that were explicit and believed in the evil hitler preached . 
  the point is - where does `` normal warfare '' end , and where do atrocities begin ? 
  * the holocaust clearly is an atrocity - but you need surprisingly few people to do something like that , four , maybe five thousand operatives , a few hundred people running the numbers ... * antiguerilla operations , martial-law hostage executions were gruesome and atrocious - but they were common military practice in the 1940s . 
  nazi atrocities ? 
  * regular warfare is hell - unleashed by and upon any force . 
  * civilian law enforcement of `` unjust '' laws ... is that really an atrocity ? 
  as for believing ... that 's what happens when brainwashing is successful . 
  for instance americans believe they are the freest country on earth , yet their very movement is reported to their government , and their school children are forced ( or let 's call it `` encouraged '' , in a don corelone way ) to pledge an oath to a piece of cloth . 
  you can make anyone believe in anything , given enough time and resources . 
   yup , hitler was n't a great artist , but to link argue that it was austria 's responsibility to look into the future and allow him into an art school is ridiculous . 
  well , i would hope they 've learned their lesson : no matter how bad someone is , give them a chance . 
  they might become the next hitler . 
   , thus the context behind `` your immigrants '' . 
  you seem to think we want to redistribute the million we already got . 
  that 's bullshit and inefficient . 
  but the next 5 million that are on their way will be shared equally . 
  just remember this in the following months : we built this union , we can also bring it down . 
   because we ask them ? 
  that 's a thing called alliance you know . 
  yes . 
  good marketing . 
  usually , though , alliances are between equals , and you said it yourself , you 're not . 
   usa does not influence our foreign policy , they do not influence our internal politics , so when the oval calls your chief tomorrow and asks him to jump , or else , he 's not going to ask how high ? 
  sure , keep believing that . 
  false dichotomy , or you have seriously no idea what a `` nazi '' is . 
  consider yourself blessed if you never had to encounter one . 
   korea was invaded . 
  undoubtedly . 
   ukraine was invaded . 
  after it 's lawfully-elected government was toppled by a `` freedom movement '' which some think was directly financed out of eu pockets . 
   neither are the fault of the americans . 
  fault is such an overrated concept when it comes to international politics . 
  you most of the time do not have truly good and truly evil actors - just those trying to get some advantage out of a situation . 
   russia is not a global power . 
  technically , russia is currently considered to be a `` great power '' , which does imply it can project force globally , but not at too many theatres at once . 
   they are n't even the strongest military on their own continent , america is . 
  that depends on how you measure military strength . 
  russia has short supply lines in asia - the us does n't and any successful attack against us troops in asia needs to attack these britte lifelines . 
  the taliban got it , which is why by now , they usually kidnap trucks with us troops , and then sell them back for nice , hard dollars ... 
  nah , that one 's reserved for you - i actually tagged you on res ... 
  are you capable to defend against either russia or america ? 
  and yet you have american troops on your soil , of course as your `` friends '' and `` protectors '' against russia . 
  sounds a lot like you being an american protectorate ... 
   handle it , store it , secure it does n't take out 3 % of banking fees  transfer it the banks typically charge a % deposit fee actually , i think banks would burn if they tried that stunt on us . 
   counting coins and change from both the customer and retails end most banks do that for free for customers , and retail rolls their coins themselves and those rolls only get checked for the correct weight . 
  also , why give coins to the bank when you can keep them and cash them in later ? 
   for high volume contactless is much faster , hence why you ca n't use cash anymore for buses in london . 
  i would have thought that 's more to do with robberies . 
  well , ukraine is a highly unstable putschist system with a raging civil proxy war , either side being supported by one of the global players . 
  nothing to see there , just business as usual since korea ... 
  well , i do n't usually carry more than 50 $ in cash around . 
   what matters is that germany followed him people follow charismatic leaders . 
  the us had their fair share of it , you guys just were lucky you did n't choose a psychiatric case into office ... yet . 
  a mistake you now have the chance of making yourself . 
   there were millions of germans involved in voting for actually , the biggest election results hitler ever got was around 38 % ...  and dying for hitler and his ideals as compared to dying for nixon and his ideals in another uniform americans can get conscripted to ? 
  yeah , obviously , americans have no agency at all . 
   but germany at the time decided to join of their own volition wait , so when germany decides to follow responsibilities from a military defense pact , it 's evil , but when the us does the same within nato , that 's protection against the russian were-bear ? 
  strange reasoning you got there ...  sure hitler was born in austria , but he led the german peoples . 
  people , not peoples . 
  also , people tend to follow leaders who show a certain degree of stability and charisma - think jfk , ghandi , putin , churchill ... and hitler . 
  the fact that * our * leader fucked up so gloriously does not make germans in any way more or less evil during the nazi buildup phase . 
   i was expecting some thought behind a position as insane as yours , but all you have is that hitler was austrian . 
  also , austrohungarian elitist art teachers refused to let him learn how to draw . 
  he could have become a third-rate painter , but no , herr magistralrat hubenhofer had to keep his art school rein . 
   do you also believe there 's some world wide plot to decry the german people ? 
  oh , there has been uncalled-for antigerman propaganda by our european neighbors at least since 1870 ... 
  while my disgust for the bavarian way of life is mostly and uncharacteristically non-existant ( due to having lived there for a few years ) , i 'm actually not bavarian . 
  it worked for the austrians , and the swiss . 
  as it turns out , twenty-five years later , people on both sides of the now non-existing wall vote for a party that wants to rebuild it . 
  seems we all were happier before , or maybe , the grass is always greener on the other side , as long as there 's a fence . 
  o look , it 's jingoist prime !, 
  i missed you ... 
   [ list of areas breaking away from several countries ] while there sometimes is russian involvement , the local population seems to like it that way . 
  there * is * such a thing as `` self-determination of peoples '' , and if there is no reasonable ` legal ' way to break away , declarations of independence work well . 
   however in the much more likely scenario of a conventional encounter noone would honestly risk a conventional encounter against the us . 
  that 's why you set up a nuclear threat , to check who blinks first - will washington really risk losing millions of their civilians to protect a few romanian villages ? 
  which one is the more insane one ? 
  the next few years surely will be interesting . 
  `` our immigrants '' would be people emigrating from germany to somewhere else . 
  what you most likely are refering to is `` syrian immigrants '' , people moving out from syria and into europe , currently mostly to germany , though we 're working to change that . 
  everyone should share the joy of doing the right thing , or else . 
   the shooting whales story is a great example , but i 'm not sure it is actually true . 
  i have seen it claimed by california , tennessee , and kentucky , but no one can actually find it in a legal code . 
  they may be referring to this kentucky law . 
  i thought these `` silly laws '' mostly come from judges creating `` law '' by precedents , turning an absolutely insane situation into a ruling that is more or less binding in future , similar cases . 
   dyed chicks . 
  sounds like that was once a thing , most likely shortly before easter , and non-farming people did n't consider the consequences of such `` novelty gifts '' . 
  russian protectorate , american protectorate , same difference . 
  they will learn that soon enough . 
  a hundred million ? 
  now that 's giving us a lot of credit . 
  let 's assume we were responsible for every single casualty in ww1 and ww2 , then we get around 17 million kills for ww1 and around 60 million kills for ww2 - not even close to a hundred million . 
  of course , we were n't responsible for all casualties in these conflicts . 
  particularily , what americans tend to know as `` the pacific war '' has nothing to do with germany , and everything to do with the sinojapanese war after the 1937 marco-polo-bridge-incident . 
  that 's a whopping 20 million kills off that number . 
  there also were minor local conflicts which are considered to be part of ww2 which are not germany 's responsibility .
