  you are aware that yugoslavia had very little to do with russian/american meddling for most of the time ? 
  germany had a deadly civil war as recently as the 90s ? 
  i did n't notice . 
   you think they would n't have gone further if the threat of us retaliation were n't there ? 
  sure they could have - and then we would have had a russian slavemaster instead of an american one . 
  actually , this is one of the few cases where blame very clearly can be put on a very small number of people . 
   if you have means to protect yourself from negative consequences of all the mess , then it 's better to do it then just play the blame game well , we could * force * the responsible nations to take the refugees , but that would leave europe in ruins . 
  if things go badly , quite literally so . 
   all right , we will take those 1k economic migrants , watch 800 of them run back to germany once they are given half the chance . 
  and why would you do that ? 
   there are talks about eu army , why not also include a unified eu navy ? 
  agreed . 
  so how many people should they be prepared to murder standing in for you who wants to delegate that job to them ? 
   also people should stop giving ngo 's money to fund human trafficking . 
  we 're on the same page on this one . 
  but unless you declare them criminal organizations , there 's a fat chance of that happening . 
  and imagine the political backlash to * that * . 
   which is exactly what japan and australia does , do they have a migrant crisis ? 
  actually , no , it is not . 
  refugees in japan are pretty much unheard of ( but for a few north koreans every now and then ) , mostly because the naval conditions are a lot worse there . 
  and australia actually takes these refugees in and transfers them to australia-run concentration camps ( and i mean that , read some reports ) on the christmas isles  what racially pure ? 
  do you even know about lipka tatars ? 
  nope . 
  but i always continue to learn . 
   i want europe to be safe continent , i do n't want to see terrorist attacks in my country . 
  if you want no terrorism , you need to stamp out terrorism . 
  as you have no idea who might be a terrorist , only way to be sure is to kill them all . 
  will you give that order ? 
   i do n't want to see calais jungle on every european corner . 
  you are aware that the calais jungle was a side-effect of closed-down borders ? 
  only the us is neither . 
  be my guest . 
  just do n't expect to profit a lot from eu funding . 
  one at a time , of course . 
   direct reason what led to `` refugee '' crisis ( in eu ) was leaky borders in mediterranean ( or non existance of them ) that was a secondary problem caused by the french , the british and the americans deciding to start a war in libya . 
  we did not have that problem when ghadaffi still controlled the country . 
  i want to point out that germany was opposed to that military adventure . 
   and overzealous humanitarianism of countries like germany aka . 
  not being assholes . 
   everybody else are not refugees , but welfare connoisseurs going to germany . 
  that 's a massive oversimplification . 
   the one of islam belonging to germany `` der islam geh\u00f6rt zu deutschland '' has a subtext emaning of `` it is a part of the reality we live in '' . 
  it 's happily mistranslated as `` we want it to be here '' . 
  but i am sure we can abuse any language/translation to give any random other meaning we want . 
  also , it was originally said by [ friedrich , who then was home secretary ] ( http://www.deutschlandfunkkultur.de/die-geschichte-eines-satzes-der-islam-gehoert-zu-deutschland.1895.de.html?dram:article_id=308696 ) , and popularized by then-president wulff ( merkel was quick to distance herself from it ) . 
   neither ? 
  not really an option in the long term . 
   first of all , i did n't say anything about murdering , i said closing down route that causes thousands of people die in sea ... use logic for once . 
  same thing . 
  how do you think `` closing down a route '' works in the open sea ? 
  they wo n't just stop coming just because / u/pm _ me_your_ladyboys asks nicely . 
  if you want to stop the route , you will have to take active , and that means armed , action against them . 
  so , how many to keep your baltic country racially pure ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_europe_ ( politics ) - poland was all gung-ho for an american invasion of iraq - which was one of the reasons that directly led to the refugee situation we got today . 
  sure . 
  it also put the massive risk of some less than economically careful countries running amok with newly-found credit . 
  actually , the euro hurt germany more than it hurt our neighbors . 
  it was an attempt of the french to limit our influence with a rock-solid d-mark . 
   take tons of economic migrants [ . . ] islamist extremists that will cause terrorist attacks . . ? 
  it 's that or russians . 
  which do you prefer ? 
   i 'm more supportive of blocking migrant route towards europe to end this migrant crisis once and for all how many people enroute are you willing to murder yourself to close the route ? 
  you mean the war even nato and osze obvservers can not decide on who started it ? 
  hint : [ she did n't . 
  ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-10/angela-merkel-influence-refugees-open-borders-balkan-route ), 
   because at least in the uk , there 's nowhere to deport most of our islamic terrorists to . 
  they 're british . 
  there is this small island called `` inaccessible island '' near tristan da cunha , barely more than a rock in the south atlantic . 
  dump the worst of the worst there , let them be stand-ins , bad examples , role models on how not to be . 
  tell everyone they are going to be sent there if they are being silly . 
  yes . 
  it is unfortunate that we all know the saudis will give him a slap on his wrist , but i 'd rather have a saudi guy go scot 's free than have a german be sentenced to something outrageous in saudi arabia . 
  it 's also highly unconstitutional for the federal republic to extradite germans . 
  do not underestimate our ingeniuity when it comes to the problem of imprisoning large groups of people . 
  germany does not extradite germans . 
  it 's in our constitution ( art . 
  only exceptions are to other eu countries - if there is a special law for it * and * there is sufficient proof - or international courts . 
   this may irritate europeans , but the fact that a western superpower , who has the most powerful military in the world , has a huge presence in europe is a huge reason there has been peace in europe . 
  of course , europeans see it more like `` holding our heads over the block so the americans can have someone to get chopped instead of them '' . 
  for most parts , the us was a destabilizing factor in post-war europe . 
   in fact , the french wanted to take german territory and it was the us who prevented them from doing it . 
  that 's because the americans understood this was a recipe for desaster and undermined their idea of satellite buffer states . 
  there once was a supranational entity of 28 members designed to ensure peace between it 's members . 
  then , one of them left . 
  i 'm talking about the league of nations and nazi germany , of course . 
  we all know how * that * ended for the leaver . 
  i shall make it my life 's mission now to have one - and have scooter play it * live * . 
  and you will only know my identity when the bass drops . 
  be aware that his second wife has been ... controversial in her actions . 
  she is widely considered a gold-digger . 
  well , i would * love * that for * my * funeral . 
  the t-shirt juxtaposts the uk union jack flag with the description of it belonging to greece . 
  it 's a joke about how the british are on a track that will lead them to an economic position not unlike today 's greece ( which , if you have not followed the news , is rather catastrophic ) . 
  actually , the `` eu blue '' section is optional in british license plates , and very few cars actually have them . 
  i agree . 
  i also agree that we have far too many of them , and too few good ones . 
  make america great britain again !, 
  jep , it 's time we got ramsey visiting here . 
  i understood about 60 % of what the guy said , but honestly , the whole sketch is about fucking with the ( obviously german ) tourists , using a lot of redundant information , and that he does n't actually open his mouth and instead keeps the hillbilly-style piece of gras in his mouth does n't help much . 
   most germans *** i know *** understand highlighted it for you .
