  you can get those easily . 
  now ... andorra . 
  trust me , that will change . 
  because if you want the sweet sweet subsidy honey , you need to bend over and relax . 
  it was in the contract , remember ? 
  of course , * serious * , * good * beer is around 0,80 eurocents a 0,5 l bottle . 
  never go cheap on chocolate ( greetings to our swiss friends ! ), 
  and beer . 
  i have a great idea . 
  why do n't we ask ... ... wait for it ... north korea to join the eurozone !, 
  seriously , though ... after the greek fiasco , we should make it a point to only accept countries into the currency union who have prooven themselves to have sensible fiscal policies and industry . 
  heh , in germany , a lot of eateries tried the 1 dm = 1 eur stunt ( actually , 1 dm ~ 0,51 $ ) . 
  ruined the euro experience for us and lead to the portmanteau word `` teuro '' ( from teuer = expensive and euro ), 
  accepting only cash actually raises efficientcy - no issues with backdrafts and complaints . 
  also , card payments do cost money , and another accounting transaction your accountant is going to bill you for . 
  but then ... what kind of hotel does n't accept plastic nowadays ? 
  honestly , from an artistic standpoint , i like the dutch euros better . 
  well , image 7 at least tries ... and still fails dramatically . 
  well , with a [ guggenmusik ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zokkg48-nay#t=0m23s ) like that , he probably wonders if he has some kind of stroke or if the egyptians are trying to insult him , and what to do if the latter is the case . 
  russia * always * has won wars because of greater numbers instead of strategy . 
  so it 's only normal their maneuvers take that into account . 
  actually , people * inside * the net does n't seem to understand it . 
  godwin only states that given enough time , nazi comparisons happen . 
  it never said anything about `` automatically losing an argument '' . 
   they kill people at will in the center of capitol ( not to mention caucasus and crimea ) - that does not look very far from `` classic '' variant . 
  so stalin , mao and pol pot were fascists ? 
  til . 
  have a youtube link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ygjyryj-qy, 
  it 's rare i feel sorry for professional athletes ... but that girl really needs a hug . 
  but then , as much as kazakhstan changes their national symbols , she might have thought this was the current version . 
  i see ~ 35 guys who lost their job shortly afterwards . 
  or worse . 
  virtually noone does ( but for switzerland ), 
  you ca n't just declare a political system you do n't like `` our variant of fascism '' . 
  what you have is neoconservative autocratic rule with a mostly impotent duma . 
  that 's still a far cry from what spain , italy or germany had . 
  we have a special subcategory of science in germany which we call `` faschismustheorie '' . 
  you ca n't simplify decades of research into one simple sentence . 
  if you check the source and secondary literature on `` the 14 defining characteristics of fascism '' , you will learn that it was designed to make the us look fascist . 
  when in reality , fascism is a political philosophy neither the us , nor britain , nor russia subscribes to . 
  by that definition , the usa is a fascist state , and so is britain . 
  that 's a pretty bad definition for fascism . 
   what happens when you support fascist states ? 
  russia is not a fascist state , and putin is not a fascist . 
  words have meanings , and misusing words will cause confusion . 
   georgia is not part of russia . 
  right . 
  but that does not mean russia does not have the right to defend itself against georgian aggression . 
   though watching everyone stand there totally stationary straight-faced for the whole thing is what makes it . 
  they must know it is awful , but they ca n't stop well , germans once had to stand with a straight faces when the french played '' [ wir sind die eingeborenen von trizonesien ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/trizonesien-song ) '' ( roughly translated : we are the savages of trizonia , refering to the three western occupation areas , [ song on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24zmxuw6dcq ) ) , a 1948 carnival song instead of a german hymn ( which arguably did n't exist officially then ) . 
  word is that when it was played , allied officers mistook it for being `` official '' and saluted . 
  putin will survive . 
  yep ... if you take the most optimistic stance , with every high number being valid ( usually they 're not ) and every protest having perfectly distinct and unique protestors , then you get to around 2 % . 
  but that 's a lot of optimism , is n't it ? 
  implying that all the maidan protestors actually were citizens of kiev . 
  the only sensible comparison with no guessing and wishful thinking involved is protestors / population of country . 
  which gives us * ukraine : 0.009 protestors per capita * iceland : 0.021 protestors per capita fun fact : it only takes around 785 people in liechtenstein to make a protest more relevant to their country than the iceland protests - and 336 people to make the protest more relevant than euromaidan for liechtenstein . 
  ... by ratio . 
  thank you for pointing out the obvious . 
  actually , that 's what the eu 's problem is . 
  they promise us star trek 's ufp and in reality are star wars ' trade federation , minus the military . 
  ... a lot more than there were ukrainians on the maidan . 
  having been in warsaw ... that actually sounds like a good exchange . 
   new leader will need to deal with economic problems , destroyed russian image in the world and also with huge rise of nationalism . 
  new leader will solve this problem with open warfare , because that 's the easiest way to rally the population around the flag while at the same time telling the world not to fuck with them . 
  please be advised that pre-2015 occurences of swan sea were by official state media , not by some random website operated by who knows who . 
  it 's an openly left-alternative quasi-communist newspaper , and it has often painted very complex things with the easy `` everyone with more cash than me is evil '' brush . 
  they 're pretty liberal ( in the 19th century european sense of the word ) , but they tell so openly . 
  also , they do n't usually twist the news to support their narrative . 
  also : asahi shimbun for anything happening in east asia . 
  the point is that no matter where they start in switzerland , within 4 minutes , they can cross their airspace borders , and they can be above munich , stuttgart , innsbruck , lyon , nancy or milano within 10 minutes , reigning death and fondue on us . 
  stuff like that is the reason noone seriously thinks about invading switzerland - not even hitler was insane enough for that . 
  we know everything putin does is grander and more elaborate than what normal people do . 
   yes the us has a clear line of succession . 
  which , in case of emergency , often is ignored . 
  if you want to read something * scary * , read up on the constitutional crisis after the reagan assassination attempt of 1981 , when the white house chief of staff declared wielding presidental powers without actually being in the line of succession . 
  i look forward to the episode where they race a lada against a t72 tank . 
  i 'd watch that even if i would n't understand a word of the russian narration . 
  no unit patches , no identifying information of any kind ... 
  outdated woodland camo . 
  little green men , us-style ? 
   so why not give them a new start to prove all the stuff they promised to the eu and their own citizens . 
  when your neighbor just burned down his house , you do n't invite him into yours and give him a zippo to console him for his loss . 
   even scottland voted to stay in the union in the end . 
  i still think that someone with an interest in scottish dependence helped with those results , though . 
  it 's been a nightmare from the very beginning . 
  in fact , german economists predicted all of this happening back in then late 1990s , when the decision to introduce the euro was made . 
  [ gross payers and recipients of eu funds , both in absolute numbers as well as relative to the gdp ] ( http://images.derstandard.at/20051205/grafik_nettozahlerempfaenge.jpg ), 
   the sad thing though is that they ( and especially german leaders ) have forgotten that now . 
  there you are wrong ... the reparations of ww1 were made-up fantasy numbers * designed * to crush the german economy * without * any values having come from them . 
  the debts greece has were * spent * in greece , and they got plenty of value from it . 
  the situation is not comparable . 
   the whole bail-out was a criminal scheme to bail-out the banks with the money of the european taxpayer , in direct contrast with the eu no bail-out rule !, 
  actually , that was mostly about saving the pension funds , e.g. 
  normal people 's monies . 
  of course , the economically sound way would have been to liquidate greek assets until the debts are repaid in full - or kick them out of the euro , * and * the eu . 
   but germany lived below their means and that is at the heart of the european crisis . 
  actually , living below one 's means leads to wealth . 
  and look where we are . 
  noone gets rich by writing checks .
