  i think you might have had a few too much of your republics wonderful beverages . 
  i know enough to not get loosened up by sob stories from countries that lived way beyond their means . 
   have been given absolutely no compensation for our `` good behaviour '' . 
  you are not in a prison where you can get out for good behavior after half of your sentence . 
  you are in a rehab center . 
  you do n't give an alcoholic booze for not having drunk for a month . 
  stopping in the middle would mean loosing all the progress you got up to now . 
   most consider us to be patiently waiting and poking the system for a fair deal that acknowledges collective responsibility for the crisis wait , first , you lower your company taxes to next to nothing , making companies move shop and thus destroying jobs over here in germany , then you start spending like crazy and investing with return rates way beyond anything even remotely sane , and then , when the shit has hit the fan and we started helping you out , you ask us to take responsibility ? 
  this is n't the treaty of versailles , we wo n't take responsbility for anything . 
  if you wait for that , you 'll wait for a long , long time . 
  the title of this subreddit is irrelevant . 
  differing opinions is what makes the european union something other than north korea . 
  if you want a circlejerk , / r/circlejerk is right over there . 
  ireland is a special case , and to be fair , that was n't even on the radar for us much . 
  i 'm talking club med . 
  within germany , merkel is criticized for being too soft and giving away too much money to be poured into sinkholes . 
  i am aware other nations are burning their tax monies as well . 
  as a german , i am not concerned about that ... 
  i do n't pay french , dutch or austrian taxes . 
   i think that whether the eu should move towards further integration or not is not the point of this discussion . 
  actually , yes , for many germans , it is . 
   which they fully expect to be getting back . 
  hahahahaha , yeah , sure . 
  actually , we think that if we burned the money , at least we would have been warm for a few hours . 
   were you there ? 
  how do you know ? 
  really , that 's a poor argument . 
  more than 99 % of the people do n't do such things . 
  it is n't because they do n't bother , but because they do n't want to . 
  they can complain for the minority doing silly things , but they ca n't force them to stop . 
  it might be tasteless , but there 's nothing they can do . 
  every german post-1945 . 
   you do realise that the people holding the nazi-signs are only a few handful in a sea of million of protesters , right ? 
  i would love to see what the rest of europe would do if there was a protest in germany and a handful of crazies would hold up a nazi flag - and what they would have * us * do . 
  double standards . 
  as long as mainstream polish - and greek - media shows our current politicians in ss uniforms , i do n't buy the `` it 's only a handful '' argument . 
   every measure towards eu integrations means less power for national politicians . 
  you perfectly ignore that most germans would prefer souvereign rights to remain at the national level , mostly because few of us actually trust brussles to act responsibly and democratically , and recent events have only strengthened that doubt . 
  bulgarian ... 
  it is getting late : /, 
  if people have different abilities , eventually they will have different incomes . 
  there had been soviet billionaires , there had been the equivalent of cuban billionaires . 
  kim jong-un is considered to be a billionaire . 
  if you work with that metric , there is no such thing as a communist country , nor has there ever been . 
  or do you believe some kind of communist utopia is even possible to implement ( and not go down the cambodia way ? ), 
  essentially , yes . 
  he can work to increase his wealth , or he can choose not to . 
  which essentially is the same thing a pennyless person can . 
  to the contrary , the pennyless person actually is bound to be * more * successful merely because achieving a relative raise in income is easier for him . 
  yes , it is simple . 
  they are also perfectly unable to change anything , much like the ~ ~ romanian ~ ~ bulgarian guys ( who , had they started to build a future for themselves - and yes , that is possible , always - instead of setting themselves on fire , have forsaken all hope ) . 
  ... that discussion , again . 
  yes , it is , it 's just another flavor . 
  there is . 
  it 's about making choices . 
  choices everyone has . 
  buddhist monks self-immolating are not doing it as a pasttime , they are against something as well . 
  you are narrowing down your subset until it matches the samples . 
  suicide because of hardshops is nothing new , neither in capitalist nor in communist systems , and these ~ ~ romanians ~ ~ bulgarians having an extraordinarily flashy way to do it is nothing special either . 
   - natural gas . 
  a country in extreme need , may sell its treasure for nothing . 
  of course you have a non-tabloid source that such a measure would be even in consideration ...  - to cause extreme instability to the economic system which is a serious income for the country . 
  therefore the rich depositors should look elsewhere to deposit their money ( can you guess where ? ), 
  investors invest where there is a nice risk to return ratio . 
  but there always * is * risk ... or else , germany could start giving 50 % annually on bank accounts and count on being bailed out by the eurozone when the pyramid scheme fails . 
   - to make an example out it since the consequences on the eurozone of such a small country would be next to nothing . 
  cyprus would be an example either way - either for ` let 's have heavy cuts and make sure the debts are paid ' or ` let 's spend like crazy , big bro eurozone has deep pockets to pay our debt ... ', 
   do you seriously believe that is ok to destroy a country over 12bn euros ? 
  technically , it already is destroyed . 
  cypriots only have to consider if they would like to pay it by a levy on their bank accounts or by higher taxes and more unemployment because of austerity . 
  choosing the latter not only makes sure they are going into economic decline , it also does not punish the high-risk gamblers that caused the problem in the first place ... 
  actually , neither public law nor kd\u00d6r-law , nor any work contract i have ever seen has any mention of breaking of law unrelated to the job leading to job loss ( with the noteable exception of beamtenrecht ) . 
  just to make this clearer for the reader :  should a soccer club decide to call for sunday practice with huge church bells , they could ( and would ) be taken to civil court . 
  this post might be thought to imply that church bell like objects are treated differently depending on who it is that uses it . 
  that is wrong . 
  actually , individual churches have - successfully - be taken to court about noise emissions from church bells . 
  it is just that you do n't make yourself the most beloved of the townsfolk by antagonizing the one organisation virtually everyone is a member of , even if just on paper . 
  `` die kirche im dorf lassen '' ( `` keeping the church in the hamlet '' ) is even proverbial for `` not doing something outrageously strange '' . 
  ah , that 's why self-immolation is most often practiced as a suicide-protest of mostly buddhist monks against the - communist - chinese government ? 
  neither suicide nor method of suicide is linkable to a economic model . 
  [ capitalism causing suicides is a rather flimsy argument ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=suicide+rates+china+vs+romania ) . 
  even in gloriously sunny and paradisic [ cuba ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=suicide+rates+cuba+vs+romania ) , suicide rates are higher than in romania . 
  one fighting argument that is hard to disprove after the other . 
  in the end , if within your country wealth gaps do exist , it is something you as a people should solve yourself instead of blaming outside forces . 
  in soviet russia , money from russian government hides you ... 
  did n't care about other links on that site . 
  raiseurfist demansing to see any reference not from the media kinda narrows it down , as russian oligarchs are unlikely to write on their websites how they are money laundering in cyprus ... you play with the cards you are being dealt . 
  it 's called inflation , and it is expected . 
  when the euro started in 2002 , i could easily get a bread roll for 15 cent , now it 's around 50 cent . 
  of couse , your [ gdp started to rise dramatically while your customer price inflation was ~ ~ lower ~ ~ about the same rate as in the decade before ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=1990-2012+gdp+portugal+ ) according to wolframalpha, 
  if you talk about single citizens , you are right . 
  macroeconomically , germany has been austere for close to two decades now ( at the expense of it 's population - google `` lohnzur\u00fcckhaltung '' ) , while certain other countries went on a spending spree . 
  the fable matches . 
  well , if you ask like that , you probably do not know the fable ( your intellectual level is high enough , given that you write here ... ) , so ... [ have a read ] ( http://www.longlongtimeago.com/llta_fables_antgrasshopper.html ) , and tell me if the situation seems similar to something related to the content of this topic . 
  luxembourg is doing well . 
  if luxembourg was in trouble , we would demand the same from them . 
  obviously , luxembourg has better bankers . 
   i wish my countrys budget could afford to spend that such a big amount of their budget on r&d . most r&d is not done by the government , but by private companies . 
  there is no bundesmaschinenbauforschungsinstitut to tell porsche how to increase engine output . 
   you call me inefficient because i work 10-12 hours .
