  instead of using the special editions for stupid stuff like celebrating random treaties , `` big european thinkers '' would be a nice idea . 
   that european officers are reluctant to fight or put themselves in harm 's way in afghanistan ; that is because afghanistan was unnecessary to begin with and had nothing to do with any european interest . 
  also , article 5 of the washington treaty reads  `` to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . '', 
  mission accomplished . 
  let 's go home . 
   the only reason europeans can afford social democracies with programs like national health is because american taxpayers foot most of their defense bills heh , you know , maybe we do not need to be `` defended '' to the extend americans think we do . 
  we learned that trading with other peoples is better than waging war against them . 
   europe has nuclear weapons and elite fighting units ; while it might not maintain enough force to fight a major land war or invade foreign nations , is that really necessary anymore ? 
  there 's always america whom a lot of us have stopped trusting with bush ii . 
  should you elect another madman who has a nervous finger , we want to at least sting . 
   in the absence of nato , would tensions between the us and eu ( e.g. , trade wars , conflicts over military policy ) increase , or are we best friends forever regardless of nato ? 
   they put bridges and archways on the notes instead of european figures we could all identify with . 
  17 members of the eurozone . 
  7 different banknotes . 
  every nation wants to send their personal hero on the banknote . 
  i can see a problem . 
  nations will not be content if their guy/gal is `` only '' on the 5 - $ - note instead of the 100 $ , because that sounds like the other guy from `` better-than-thou '' - istan is worth more . 
  bridges and archways are both connecting features , and they do not differ that much from country to country . 
  i think they handled this rather well . 
  excuse me , but why should the british , out of all peoples , have a say about eurozone politics ? 
  you obviously have never experienced the happiness that is deutsche bahn ^_^ they only have five enemies : spring , summer , autumn , winter and passengers . 
  i had the bahn.comfort card ( which basically is their version of the senator status ) . 
  i never came to where i wanted punctually . 
  not even on the cologne-frankfurt line . 
  do not believe in paper . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  then we will block everything the french want . 
  it is not as if blockade politics are unknown . 
  ok . let 's wrap this down . 
  they will probably use the frankfurt -  cologne line , which is the prestige project of the db . 
  this thing is revolutionary because it cuts down the time between frankfurt and cologne to an average of 1:30 . 
  unless the eurostar is a maglev beginning in cologne , i can not see how you can do london-cologne in four hours . 
  factor in the usual problems on trains , delays , reroutings , and you easily get over my estimate . 
   if you take travel time between city and airport into account , it wo n't be much difference , even from frankfurt . 
  then i also would need to take travel time from where i am to the main station into account , which effectively evens this effect out . 
  very little people live next to a major railway station . 
  hm ... * fra -  lnd by plane : 1:30 hours + 45 minutes each embarking disembarking = 3 hours * fra -  lnd by train : at least 7 hours . 
  i know which way i will travel in the future ... 
  editorialized headline . 
  the article is about the swedish surpreme court setting a man convicted of `` child porn '' free . 
  there is not even a hint at legislative action against manga or manga depicting sexual acts or manga depicting sexual acts of minors , nor is there any hint of people other than the persecution thinking it is wrong . 
  really , i am for a `` no editorializing '' rule similar to / r/politics, 
  actually , i can see no hint about any british lane-changing incident . 
  can you give a source ? 
  day one , 
  hm , i wonder how they would even be able to justify that to the rest of europe . 
  speculation : current circulation still would be valid tender . 
   america is the only nation with the capability to rescue greece [ sure you are ] ( http://en.memgenerator.pl/mem-image/14-7-trillion-in-debt-only-country-able-to-save-greece-sure-you-are-en-ffffff ), 
  some nordic countries ( sweden ? ), 
  did that in the 1960s , basically overnight . 
  actually , i was refering to the troy-inhabitants from the very beginning , who willfully did start a war to get helen . 
  it 's funny how grass is antichrist reincarnated when he says something you do not like , and holy saint of culture when his views match yours . 
  actually , * trojans * refers to the inhabitants of said besieged polis . 
  the opposing forces ( which you talk about ) are called * [ achaeans ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/achaeans_ ( homer % 29 ) * . 
  ... which happens to be the patient itself, 
  we have two variants ... `` sie sind ein arschloch '' =  `` you are an asshole '' = insult , punishable `` ich halte sie f\u00fcr ein arschloch '' =  `` i think you are an asshole '' = my own opinion , constitutionally protected, 
   but no matter how you see it , the german is not correct . 
  trojans , like the guys who started a decade-long war just for their prince to have one helen to sleep with ? 
  talk about determination . 
  i agree - and i disagree reparations are a good idea ever . 
  would they have been around in history , whole economic systems would never have existed . 
  back then , it was war , and war meant having things destroyed . 
  reparations in a size able to destroy a party already having lost the war only came up in ' 71 . 
  according to several sources , including http://www.gruenderstadt.de/infopark/erp-sondervermogen.html , it actually was like this in the case of germany : - $ 1.6 billon 's worth ( at end-1940s prices ) of marshall plan aid ( not actual money but machinery and other capital goods , fuel , fertilizer , etc produced by us companies who invoiced the us government ) as a loan to west germany and west berlin . 
  marshall plan aid also offered to east germany but refused . 
  - in a 1953 treaty the loan was forgiven except for $ 1 billion which was to be repaid over the next 30 years but was in fact repaid by 1966 - that leaves about 600 million usd , which we in fact paid through different ways and means , including development help . 
   what ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  well , have a look at greek publications post-2008   self-sufficiency communities  then we will have created the perfect utopia according to ayn rand and everything will be amazing . 
  you are being sarcastic about a model that works , that had made us survive between '45 and ' 49 , and that is about objectivism as much as the anatomy of a cat - there is little similarity . 
  if a large economy fails , make smaller ones . 
  this has nothing to do with rand . 
  ah , yes , the 19 billion usd - every single cent was repaid . 
  excuse me , but while the marshall plan did help , but you can not attribute the wirtschaftswunder on this factor alone . 
   that is n't fair either . 
  there is no such thing as `` fairness '' . 
  there only is benevolence , and frankly , when we try to help a people out and get called the evil goosestepping ss stormtrooper again , that does n't exactly motivate us to cut you some more slack ...  you 've now completely ignored the whole keynesian economic theory . 
  this comes as a surprise to many , but there are people who do not believe keynes has a point . 
  his theory is based on very few data points , and a lot of his teorems have been prooven to be fallacious . 
  without knowing it , most germans are supporters of hayek . 
   you ca n't just abandon those people , only for the economy . 
  this is just a weird opus dei mentality . 
  people need to bleed for god : the economy . 
  those people are free to create small communes , based on self-sufficiency , supporting each other . 
  just because there is no money does not mean there is no demand , for home-grown vegetables , for information , for transportation , or for services . 
  eventually such communities will create own currencies with local worth , keeping the wealth within the community ( we call it `` lokalgeld '' ) . 
  such systems are already emerging in greece , and we experiment about it in germany , too . 
  being unemployed does not mean having to stay unemployed . 
  sometimes all it takes is a little nudge into the right direction . 
  and eventually , everyone is off better . 
  as landesbanken are owned by the taxpayer , the taxpayer in it 's form of the government of germany enforces it 's interests . 
  in short : the government acts perfectly within the framework of capitalism in this respect . 
  deutsche bank i 'm ok with to go bankrupt . 
  you are free to rescue greece then , if it 's britain 's heart 's desire . 
  i think that next to all could , and should . 
  the function of the state is to create safety against enemies foreign and local , and to set a legal framework . 
  nothing more . 
  no development help for the subsahara , no programs to support art , no warmongering on the other side of the globe , no social redistribution . 
  i am not aware of denmark hurting much at the moment . 
  your unemployment , for example , is historically low ( see http://www.indexmundi.com/denmark/unemployment_rate.html ) ... gdp growth is comparable to us ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?v=66&amp;c=da&amp;c=gm&amp;l=en ) where is the problem ?
