  stop pulling stuff out of your ass . 
  i 'm talking about the mother , not the kid . 
   one that brings out the truth , and results in a way out that does n't force alex into suicide / living her rest of the live as psychotropic vegetable , whether she 's trans or not . 
  who says that are the only options ? 
  the average time a suicidal patient is in psychiatry is three weeks . 
   but forcing her into a male puberty and no pudding if she does n't like football is torture . 
  it seems we have some very different views of what constitutes torture . 
  the bverfg dos not concern itself with suicidal patients transfer to psychiatries . 
  even if it does , that might take a year or ten , rendering alex adult and free to chose any gender he or she likes . 
   please note that there 's the distinct possibility of delaying puperty until she 's 18 , which is what would happen in any case . 
  so , lost years . 
  that 's a wonderful idea . 
   yes , that 's an age in which trans people know that they are trans . 
  independent scientific studies ? 
  the hints thrown in the article say very clearly that most `` trans '' kids eventually become homosexual adults . 
   actually wanting to be that sex forever . 
  when i was 11 , i wanted to be a physicist forever . 
  nowadays , i ca n't imagine something more boring thatn high-level math with no applications in real life . 
  11 is not an age where you should have the ability to change your life into a fixed rail . 
    suicidal tendencies -  instant psychiatry . 
   defiance to death in not the same as suicidal tendencies . 
  if i say `` i 'd protect my kid against a mugger to the death '' , am i suicidal , then ? 
  there 's a difference in motivation . 
  one is `` waiting until you are of age , with no real negative perprecussions , because you can not have the full picture right now . '', 
  it 's akin to the kid who throws itself at the ground in the supermarket for not getting ice cream . 
  your example is a threat/risk assesment based on rational thought . 
   probably in good faith that the jugenamt would n't act without actually assessing the situation . 
  to me , it appears the jugendamt did . 
  they got info about a possible negative influence of the mother on the kid , and sent her to a psychiatrist , which after a talk determined that in fact she had manipulated her kid . 
  the fact that this assessment is not exactly what alex 's mom had in mind does not mean the psychiatrist had been manipulated . 
   no psychiatry can prevent a human from committing suicide without a ) fixing the actual problem ( and that is having her basic rights infringed upon ) or b ) restraining and/or pumping them full of phychotropics , for life . 
  is that what you want ? 
  nobody wants a permanently-sedated person . 
  i disagree that fixing the mental problem does take accepting what she/he believes is her free will . 
  the problem might very well be having been brainwashed into the role she plays . 
  psychiatrists and psychotherapists are rather good in fixing brainwashing victims . 
   there would be no bleeding danger of suicide , in the first place , if the jugendamt would have its act together and get a proper assessment . 
  so , which assessment is proper ? 
  the one getting accepted by the taz ? 
  * both * parents have agreed to let the jugendamt handle the situation . 
  suicidal tendencies -  instant psychiatry . 
  yes , why not ? 
  after all , the letters her/his father writes might say the truth , and `` alex '' actually is abused by a psychologically unsound mother . 
  we 've had a lot of cases where jugend\u00e4mter did not take enough notice about hints of abuse and neglect , which often ended tragically . 
  i am thankful that the berlin jugendamt is careful in it 's assessment of the situation . 
  that 's what i thought from the beginning . 
  please also note that a treatment with hormones as her mother ( and she ? 
  with 11 ? ), 
  wants will be a body-altering medical procedure , and with time will irrevocably change his/her appearance . 
  what if this all is just a developmental phase , and a future alex feeling herself/himself heterosexual/homosexual man has to live with breasts and dysfunctional genitals for the rest of his/her life ? 
  i 'm at work right now , so i will keep myself short . 
  for me , a lifestyle magazine has a opinion : news ratio of  1 and large-scale images in the print edition ( internet works differently ) . 
  faz/fr/zeit / s\u00fcddeutsche readers read to gather news . 
  taz readers read to get convinced that their kind of dogma is correct . 
  the soviet era pravda was n't . 
  the taz is linkspartei-leaning , with small green bits here and there . 
  but mostly deepred . 
  there is a difference between left-leaning ( frankfurter rundschau ) , liberal-leaning ( zeit ) , conservative-leaning ( faz ) and `` imagine the sovjet-era pravda journalists stoned '' . 
  we have an uk site quoting the taz . 
  it is likely that we do n't get the whole picture , and that indeed there is more to this story than we do know . 
  for all we know , from the phrase '' ( s ) he 'd rather die than undergo the changes ( puberty ) brings '' , there is a risk of self-injuring and/or suicidal behavior , and yes , that is enough to institutionalize a person over here . 
  actually , yes , it shares many characteristics . 
  it is hardly a ** news ** paper , and partisan is an understatement . 
  i think your sarcasm detector might be a slight bit off . 
  it might be advisable to rethink your premise . 
  your well thought-out and sourced argument has convinced me . 
  thank you , good sire . 
   i already answered to that one . 
  it will be decided in court . 
  good ... then i trust the judges at the eugh , because knowing our healthcare system , the dkms guys will fight it to the bitter end . 
   dkms takes blood or saliva samples . 
  and yeah it is tissue . 
  and it 's trafficking because they are doing it without the permits . 
  trafficking implies the exchange of money for the samples . 
  i see no indication of money having changed hands for samples between donors and/or representatives in spain on the one side , and representatives in germany on the other side . 
   the fact that they are `` non-profit '' does n't mean they can not get money to fulfill other objectives . 
  well , actually , that 's exactly what the ggmbh suffix means . 
  they have one purpose : operating a bone marrow donor database , and they can not take or use money for any other reason . 
  in exchange , they are tax-exempt . 
  in this case , they took ~ 1200 samples , with a testing cost of ~ 60 $ per test ( a figure i got from wikipedia , could be completely wrong , that 's 72000 bucks for that mass testing event . 
  they have to find donors for five patients to break even . 
  i do n't see where they could actually make profits in there . 
   these are `` donors '' that the dkms has potentially `` stolen '' from our registry . 
  from what i 've read in the article , the ont registry failed a patient , effectually telling him to wait for death or a wonder , while dkms staged one of their mass-testing events . 
  a ressource , in this case bone marrow donors , that is untapped , has been used to better the lives of several , not only this one patient . 
  i do believe ont has acted criminally negligent , and should be very , very quite and go into a corner to shame itself a little . 
   it 's a bit stupid for them to be registered in germany , is n't it ? 
  as the database is available internationally ( and there is a collective international database ) , not really . 
  it just comes down to who paid the initial testing , and who gets reimbursed for that testing . 
   taxes are not so far away , thanks to some `` austerity measures '' . 
  the funny thing is , salaries are light years away . 
  this is a completely different matter , and should not be a factor in life-or-death situations . 
  i was unable to read it due to content filtering at work . 
  ( yes , reddit works perfectly . 
  anything health-related wo n't ) . 
  the article does n't even mention the word `` privacy '' . 
  cheers . 
   what , exactly , are we arguing about ? 
  you invented privacy issues . 
   seems to me that the spanish are taking exception to the way dkms is using the samples taken in spain and that is what the article is about .
