   why the fucking hell does the ad with the video and sound load on my shitty connection , consuming my limited bandwidth and the article only loads ten minutes afterwards ? 
  are you one of those people who complain and call for laws and bans when your shitty , 20-year-old toyota only does 180 on the autobahn while a brand-new porsche easily does twice that ? 
  maybe the problem is not the content you do want or the way it is being paid for , but your shitty internet connection . 
  the question is : is it already scanning when i notice you 're not downloading the correct files from my server ? 
  the european union ^ tm - destroying innovation and the free net since 1994 . 
   elizabeth ii is still around as a queen because she has wayyy too much respect as a person to be dethroned in her lifetime , but she has no political office to hold to speak off . 
  the united kingdom 's political system is occult and difficult , mostly because of them having a whole bunch of different rules depending on which part of the country you 're in and the fact that they are both the oldest still-existing democracy and the only one which does not have a constitution . 
  to say that the british monarch essentially is powerless , though , is testament to the fact that you do not understand enough about british politics . 
  or maybe there are values more important to britain than democracy , which is not a value in itself , just a means to an end . 
  actually , she has . 
  she just chooses not to use it . 
  patricide is not an usual act in western european royal houses . 
  well , chances are good britain will share that fate with us in the next decade . 
  and they had one of those anni horribili in 1936 , did n't they ? 
  the dreikaiserjahr was a special case . 
  friedrich died way too early , everything would have changed if he just had five or ten years at the rudder . 
   such a powerful man with not much going on upstairs i still think the guy is actually enormously intelligent , and hiding it behind the facade of a village idiot was his way of hiding that - so his enemies would underestimate him . 
   germany is an ancient nation being german , i would respectfully disagree . 
  even now , we 're more a melting pot of germanic tribes - bavarians and frisians are two very distinct people that can hardly understand each other if they are n't sticking to a dialect foreign to either of them . 
  people from cologne and people from schwerin have very little in common with each other . 
  we might have a german * state * , but outside of the dreams of some neofascist thugs , there is no such thing as a german * natio * . 
   they 're not paying their fair share so what would a `` fair '' share be , and why should a company ( or literally everyone ) be forced to go into the red to appease some slavemasters in the respective country 's capital ? 
   are you seriously delusional enough to think that the reason there is n't more public outcry over this , is because the people want apple to be able to pay zero dollars in tax ? 
  if apple 's payment of australian taxes was so extremely important to the australian customer , he would stop buying apple products in protest . 
  sales figures tell us that is not the case . 
  when a law is unjust , it 's a moral imperative to violate it . 
  they make money in australia , then they pay their offices in china and california for consulting services , advertisement , actual production items ... and in the end , they get out with very little to no profit in their australia branch - just like they wanted . 
  the profits are realized in california , where they are being taxed . 
  so why is there no public outcry ? 
  maybe australians , when given the choice that their corrupt government does not get more of their money to blow on stupid projects or not having apple products - which arguabely are pretty nice - choose the sensible thing : not giving their government any more of their money . 
  the more i see comments like that , the more i wonder if only putin has paid shills posting support for his hijinks on social media . 
  oh , that 's an easy one : she eliminated any viable alternative . 
  merkel is essentially frank underwood , german-style . 
  yeah - only that the profit was not * realized * in australia . 
  in the country the profits are realized . 
  of course , some communists would love them to pay 50 % of their international income in every country they operate in , and 50 % in those who do n't , because it 's unfair those are not getting their `` fair share '', 
   is a german cultural problem the `` cultural '' problem is that we allowed them to not adapt german culture , and that we were too soft towards their antisocial behavior because we are n't `` evil nazis '' anymore , and speaking up would have made them claim we are . '', 
  edit : poe 's law strikes again ... 
  . . in the `` special olympics '' kind of way . 
   15 year old child bride which technically is legal in lithuania and belgium ( which has no strict lower age ) . 
  on the other hand , europe is filled wit 18-year-old child brides if you ask china . 
  if she was prepubescent , it would be a clear-cut case . 
  but this is just slightly pushing the envelope about what would be legally acceptable here . 
  mental note : specify in any future contract that the place of jurisdiction is pyongjang . 
  even though this is obviously wrong ... it asks some interesting legal questions : do contracts that are valid in one country carry any weight in another one that does n't allow them ? 
  for instance , should a married gay couple be considered married or single in a country that does n't have gay marriage ( for instance : when one of them needs to get hospitalized because of an accident on vacation ) ? 
  it is legal for women to marry at age 16 in germany ( with some very high burdens , but it 's possible ) - should they be considered married when they cross the border to luxembourg ? 
  in scotland , it 's 16 , and you 're scot-free without parental consent to marry - once you go to england , suddenly , you need the consent . 
  can a marriage effectively be nullified by the horrified boy 's parents moving to cornwall ? 
   oh , good luck trying to argue about intent in a criminal court . 
  in countries where there is rule of law , the accused does not have to - the accuser has . 
   i do n't think judges will look well on somebody who wilfully suppressed information that would have prevented the fraud just because he `` did n't care '' about the victim , not because he actively intended to harm . 
  sounds like a biased judge to me , which is reason to get to the next level of jurisdiction and get any verdict thrown out . 
  smart state attorneys know this and just do n't bother trying . 
  note that this talks about intent and that the action taken or not taken needs to be an integral part of the fraud . 
  just not reporting because you do n't care is n't a criminal offense . 
   failure to report fraud is a criminal offence . 
  what a nice fascist/socialist utopia you got there . 
  i see how you might think like that , but my choice of words was deliberate . 
  dawn raids ... the mob wants its protection money , let 's smash some stuff . 
  in the end , mcdonalds will give a nice racketeered consulting contract to some official , and we will never hear from this again . 
  only that it is not the police who enforces this , but the f\u00fchrerscheinbeh\u00f6rde , and they use medical doctors . 
   because french law , showing some clever understanding of free market incentives , dictates a degree of employee profit-sharing . 
  they should just kidnap their bosses . 
  it 's the french way , right ? 
  unless mcdonalds france works radically different from mcdonalds anywhere else in the world , their employees are actually employed by a franchise taker with one to three stores . 
  and those make virtually no profit , profit margins in fast food are in the single digits . 
   and this is also why the tax authorities can count with well-informed sources within the company itself ... ah , violating the duty of loyality . 
  that 's a fireable offense in germany . 
  only time will tell . 
  if i was you , i 'd start learning german ... 
  i am sure they have a small army of handsomely-paid lawyers sitting together laughing at france 's nutjob actions right now . 
  erm , no , read the verordnung again . 
  the fact that bremen unilaterally decides that they are not persecuting that does not mean you 'll be safe . 
   it 's like suspending someone 's license also , in the case of weed , your license does not get suspended , but revoked , which is kind of a difference . 
  i hope you 're right , because it 's going to be fun times for those who have preparing . 
  erm , no . 
  ever being in the possession of drugs that makes the state think you might have a character flaw that nullifies your ability to drive safely , stoned or not . 
    ) do you flip burgers at micky d ? 
  nah , i 'm not even a customer . 
  i just dislike when some guy who has no chance to survive in free enterprise and has decided to become an administrator needs to show off like this . 
   we 'll survive if micky d has to pay the fine . 
  wo n't hurt me too much . 
  sure . 
  it 's not like your economy is n't already failing , increasingly fast . 
  let 's fuck up the rest as well . 
  mother merkel will surely safe you - and if she is n't , then it 's going to be madame president , 
  you still lose your driver 's license for smoking , because of [ \u00a7 14 absatz 1 satz 2 fev ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/fev_2010/__14.html ) and the fact that federal law trumps state law . 
   you are free to call the fisc and ask them why they fined micky d  government agencies in socialist countries are known to interpret their laws a little more unconventionally - and it also is common for these misinterpretations to comedically backfire . 
   the law exists . 
  do n't move the goal post . 
  * a * law exists , that obviously does not cover these case , unless mcdonalds is stoopid enough to have a direct link between their french franchise operator and the luxembourgian consulting firm . 
  this is all great theatre to keep the population entertained , to hide our politicians impotence - they smack some faceless us megacorp because that makes them look good , even if it will hurt everyone in the long run . 
  i 'm so looking forward to when the french economy finally tanks and we can go all `` greek austerity '' on you . 
  headlines like this one will make entertaining fodder for our yellow press . 
  they may come and try when they have a functioning government again . 
  until then , belgium is the part of europe where we accelerate our tanks in . 
   the appropriateness of the transfer prices have to be laid out in a documentation , which is regularly requested as part of routine tax audits . 
  this routinely is done by comparing prices against prices of competing service providers for the same service - and there only is one company in luxembourg providing mcdonalds-related services . 
   https://www.texasattorneygeneral.gov/cpd/price-gouging describes persecution of price gouging in a b2c environment * in case of a governementally-declared disaster .
