  time to close the taps . 
  according to that logic , germams growing up in the 30s and 40s should find that extermination camps are the most normal thing in the world . 
  unfortunately , not everyone is a gymnasium student ... 
  you want to tell me supporting the killing millions because they are considered to be subhumans was ok for victorian british , but not ok for germans , just because one had a phase of democracy before ? 
  yeah , right . 
  that is my exact point . 
  if you work 9 hours per day instead of 8 , especially in worker 's jobs , you do not get exactly the same work done like you did in 8 ( or else , you could work just one hour per day and be super-productive ) . 
  the final additional hour might not be as productive as the first one , but it still will lead to a net increase of work being done . 
   is n't there a better statistic they could use to show `` work done '' more accurately ? 
  may i introduce you to [ refa ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/refa ) , who exactly specified how much time everything may take ? 
  heh , like most of us , obviously . 
  not everyone here works in the \u00d6d or in the metal industry - actually , those jobs are in the minority . 
   looks like your union sucks or more likely , you do n't have one . 
  and even if i had one , i would prefer to work like i do now , because i would like to stay employed and not fall into the claws of hartz 4 again ... 
  more work done for the same money = more net gain for the employers ( as productivity does not fall as quickly as new hours are added ) = more taxes paid . 
  in fact , i claim 40 % of us could n't locate portugal on a map - how exactly do we hate you ? 
  srs is over [ there ] ( / r/shitredditsays ) . 
  you will find people who actually care . 
  i always wonder where the `` average work time '' of 35,7 hours for germany comes from . 
  i hardly get out of office with less than 48 hours a week - out of which six hours are unpaid overtime . 
  also : the 24 days of minimum vacation are for a six-day workweek . 
  i would think the 22 ones are for a five-day one . 
  the french did not need polls in 1789 to show their dissatisfaction with their king . 
  nor did they need one 1848 . 
  democracy is not limitedto polls , - sometimes , the population is just pissed off enough to just - you know - rule by their own right . 
  the fact that we germans did n't between '33 and '45 widely is being accepted as a `` reason '' that we were ok with the nsdap . 
  why a poll run by nazis about if we want to be nazis is any more reliable than the lack of a revolution escapes me . 
  you are either spanish , british or german . 
  makes you wonder if there is n't some kind of deeply-rooted , valid cause for that . 
  a large percentage of the british population adored queen victoria , empress of india . 
  a percentage large enough to not cause any revolution . 
  just another day where i am ashamed about germany 's political leadership . 
  actually , i can see the chinese taking advantage of more choice in how to pay their shipping fees . 
  so , the relatively rich catalonia wants to go , and the relatively non-rich rest does n't want to let tem go . 
  so they start demonstrating for `` unity '' thinly-veiled propaganda efforts are predictable . 
   i do n't consider the pro-lifers opinion that life begins at conception as valid or acceptable in any way . 
  and as that consideration is mutual , we will have this discussion for the centuries to come   * life begins at conception  * backed up by scientific data about sapiency and its conception . 
  actually , biology does agree that life begins at conception ( fetusses show all signs of life ) . 
  personhood , on another hand , is debatable , and more a legal/ethical than a biological term - devoid of any need for science . 
   no birthcontrol is 100 % safe . 
  correct , but by combining variants , you can limit the chances to an approximation would be so close to 100 % that there would be no real chance of a pregnacy happening . 
   should a person have to feel the consequences of their mistake for their entire life ? 
  their life ? 
  nine months ? 
  now that 's a different story , considering the pro-lifer 's stance is that personhood begins at conception . 
  in short : is it ok to destroy a person if letting it life means 3/4 of a year of inconviniences ( or about 1 % of their complete lifetime , considering the mother living for 80 years ) for another person ? 
   and to say that a woman should just have to suffer 9 months of pregnancy and then give her child away is just reprehensible . 
  why ? 
  another round of * advocatus diaboli *  because having an unplanned child is a completely life-altering event , which can stop any plans you might have for your future . 
  birthcontrol , even permanent one , does exist . 
  so does adoption . 
  this is not a viable argument . 
  i consider myself pro-choice . 
   i think one of the reason you react over the term parasitic is that you are probably not a biologist ( like me ) , and use it differently . 
  technically , as the mother does gain an advantage from the relationship ( = furthering her genes ) , a fetus is symbiotic . 
   it is very seldom it is life vs life in the `` sick mother argument '' , it is more of a risk of the mother dying . 
  still there are risks that are less likely , and those that are more likely . 
  if risk of dying exceeds a certain treshold ( 50 % ? 
  ) , it is a merely medical decision : do i save one life , or two , and at what probabilities for both surviving , both dying or one of them dying ? 
  this is , by the way , a decision emergency workers all over the world do all the time . 
  in short : if you have two ( adult ) people about to die and you can only save one by killing the other , it is not considered murder . 
  why should a different standard be applied to fetusses and mothers ? 
  the rape argument is not a moralistic view at all : if i do think personhood begins on conception , why should i destroy an innocent person because it 's father was a rapist ? 
  so can a fetus after it has become a newborn . 
  if anything , you only provided fodder for the `` ban non-medically necessary abortion , make adoption easy '' folks . 
  personhood does not magically come with birth . 
  [ got you covered ] ( http://www.ebay.de/sch/i.html?_trksid=p5197.m570.l1313&amp;_nkw=lochkarten&amp;_sacat=0&amp;_from=r40 ), 
  cute ... calling on nazi innuendos . 
  i know you can do better than that . 
   it was planned that airbus ' activities were concentrated in toulouse and the defense ones in england . 
  germany , in particular the munich region where are currently airbus ' military activities , would have then be the principal country to suffer from restructurations . 
  yep , we would n't have won anything , in fact , we would have lost even more influence in eads . 
  why does anyone , especially a french newspaper ( from the country that would have benefitted the most ) think this would in any way have flown with german politicians ? 
   a fetus is a bunch of parasitic cells , that can not live without a person . 
  just like a newborn ca n't live without another person . 
  are you also proposing infanticide ? 
  seriously , this kind of argument gives pro-choicers a bad image . 
  upvoted for having a logically consistent anti-choice argument not based on religious dogma . 
  i still disagree on the `` life begins with conception '' part . 
  i would put that point to somewhere when there is actual brain activity going on . 
   i ca n't for the life of me understand why some people push for this sort of legislation . 
  simple : it invites [ this behavior which has been considered morally wrong by the vast majority of the population ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugenics ) for [ quite some time now . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugenics#marginalization_after_world_war_ii ), 
  just out of interest , how is this a human rights issue ? 
  i 'm pro-choice , but the idea that there would be a `` right '' to a certain , in most cases medically unnecessary procedure would never occur to me . 
  she took two three-hour plane trips !, 
  a spectacular gesture !!!!! 1 ! one . 
  actually , and that is something redditors might not understand , time on that level of responsibility is a highly limited commodity . 
  nine hours of time spent on acknowledging of greece 's efforts by a prime minister is a significant investment . 
  so ignorance is ok , but actively protesting against is not ? 
  i think then i prefer to be the grumpy old man rather than the idiot . 
   the old `` da\u00df '' rule was based on the long f or fz which you can see in the word `` gastst\u00e4tte '' ( the second s should be a fz ) in signs at ... well ... gastst\u00e4tten . 
  til  but do n't say that you ignore the rule on purpose because that makes you look like those old grumpy men that look at their `` die zeit '' actually ... 
  i do regularily read it ... now i feel old , aged 30 . 
  i would be more than happy if our gez would spend the money for licensing bbc shows instead of doing ... what they do . 
  colloquially called `` mutantenstadl '' where i live . 
  it makes sense to me , for several reasons , the one being i have learned it that way , dumbing down one 's language always is a bad idea , the reform getting reformed every other year , and that it is just another word we now are supposed to write with a letter combination especially we germans should be a little more mindful about . 
  but i know : haters gon na hate . 
   you might want to take a few minutes to step back and ask yourself why you are pulling 60 hrs in this day and age , who and what you are ultimately working for , quite literally . 
  not becomming unemployed and fall into hartz4 .
