  i am pointing out that giving a state the power to order medical procedures against the will of the affected , disguised under `` the greater good '' , is a very , very dangerous thing . 
  i am strictly talking medical ethics here ( the thing mostly defined by the hippocratic oath , which expressibly forbids abortions ) . 
   and since it has not been granted any citizenship now * this * is a thin board . 
  so there is a situation in your mind in which the state may decide to take bodily harm against you against your will , and we only have to decide now when , not if , dr. mengele may come around to you ? 
  in both cases , the state declares itself competent to force bodily harm ^ 1 upon someone to prevent damage from the general population 's health . 
  i find that to be a massive problem in medical ethics . 
  how much influence must a condition have so that the state may decide to , let 's say , amputate your arm against your will ? 
  how small must the risks to you be ? 
  [ 1 ] no , it 's not `` only the needle pinch , either '' . 
  it ' a also - in the case of vaccinations - the slight risk of things going wrong and cripping the child . 
  no , not autism : there have been real vaccination damages . 
  interesting . 
  how does that work ? 
  is this like homeschooling in the us ? 
  does it matter ? 
  is it ok to kill someone who is not currently sentient because of unconsciousness ? 
  or , you know , murdering the fetus . 
  ( i 'm playing advocatus diaboli here , these are not necessarily my views . 
  i just like to understand the argument of the other side ) . 
  if you are convicted that human life begins at conception , not at birth , abortion is murder , and that makes these things rather juicy from an ethical standpoint . 
  `` but what if the mother was raped '' ? 
  a child can not be made responsible for the circumstances of it 's conception . 
  `` but what if the mother did not want to become pregnant ? '' . 
  a child still can not be made responsible for the circumstances of it 's conception . 
  `` but what if the mother will be unable to care for her child ? '', 
  still murder - we do n't just summarily execute those who are dependant on welfare , and the same principle exists here . 
  if it is too much a burden for the mother , the child still has a chance through adoption . 
  `` but it 's the mother 's body ! '', 
  yes , it is . 
  but the moment a human being is inside her , her bodily autonomy does not necessarily supercede the right of said human being to live . 
  there is * one * exception , though : `` but what if the mother would be in danger of dying ? '', 
  that 's the `` siamese twin '' case , in which doctors had to kill one siamese twin to save the other 's life . 
  if they had done nothing , both would have died . 
  very difficult decision . 
  [ yep ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6lge4v/endangered_animals_of_europe_the_luxembourger_not/djubbw1/ ), 
  i guess i was too subtle . 
  by making these observations , i ( tastelessly ) questioned if they were in the same species as luxembourgians are . 
  this is a very dangerous line of reasoning . 
  you could argue your choice to live on with a genetic defect affects others because eventually , they will have to pay for a crippled you . 
  even worse , you could give that gene defect to your future kids . 
  should doctors or the state decide to just terminate your life ? 
   they wo n't be able to go to kindergarten or school ... but you can do it . 
  i was under the impression that just like anywhere in the civilized world , school is mandatory in france , and not sending your kid to school will relieve you of your custody . 
  they reproduce and they have a metabolism . 
  why would n't they ? 
  and you can have them , right now . 
  just not necessarily any that you might want for other reasons . 
  i want a car that runs at 230 km/h on the autobahn , is sporty and runs on 1 litre on 100 km - too bad i ca n't have that ( and no eu regulation will give me one ), 
  from a grandchild of one genocidal nation to the grandchild of another genocidal nation : we all should have been wiped off the face of the earth for our respective crimes . 
  lucky that we as the collective west are those who run this show , huh ? 
  hm , let 's not call it `` market '' , it can involve wrong ideas . 
  i think it is save to assume that once people specialized , there was bartering involved . 
  after all , if one guy has a surplus of roots and fruit and the other one has a surplus of wheat , it 's the logical thing to do . 
  wanting to eat the cake and keep it , huh ? 
  in the end , choice always comes at compromises . 
  it 's funny then , how these societies are all eventually becoming farmer 's societies , which necessitate more work and a market society . 
  obviously , that has benefits over hunting/gathering . 
  why forced ? 
  it is something you actively want to , no ? 
  do you think stuff just dropped from the sky ? 
  this is n't age of empires . 
  to innovate , you need free time/human resources . 
  if everyone has to hunt for subsedience , no innovation will happen . 
  here is what will actually happen : more repairable devices will break more often because there is more stuff that can go wrong with it . 
  some people will repair , most people will just throw out and buy new . 
  more trash is produced . 
  everyone loses . 
  too bad bows , guns and nets will never be invented , because now everyone has to hunt . 
  it will be productive , but not innovative . 
   if we didn \u00b4 t have rather conservative banking , the crisis of 2008 would have hit us even harder . 
  yep . 
  of course , our economic recovery would also have been a lot faster . 
  banking is a catalyst for economic effects . 
   consumers don \u00b4 t know what they want . 
  ouch ... are you , by chance , from the former east ? 
  that 's a kind of paternalistic reasoning that leads to everyone driving the same trabant and wearing the same mao jacket , simply because some benevolent overlord decides what `` people ought to want '' . 
   if you treat people like consuming sheep ( which is the sort of way apple is thinking ) , they never will get to know technology . 
  actually , people have been attracted to technology because it became easier to use - which is a direct result of less stuff being able to break , because items were sturdier , because they were * less * tamperable . 
   how do you expect people who don \u00b4 t know anything about technology to create a business in the technology space ? 
  the logical fallacy in this is obvious : all what this regulation brings was available before . 
  whoever wants to start a business in the area of technology * can * . 
   this is why education is very a important , a field in which europe and germany is lacking when it comes to it . 
  this we agree on . 
   there are ways to design a device to make it both attractive and repairable . 
  i suggest you start working on that , then , because i do n't see it . 
  in the end , it will be tacked on the eu ( like the ban on `` powerful '' vacuum cleaners and the ban on light bulbs ) . 
  it will also make them more expensive . 
   massive destruction of migrant life ? 
  what ? 
  they can create their lives and fight for it , not when we have made corpses out of them before , because that is what it will take . 
   free pass from wh death sentences for being complicit in crimes against humanity . 
   those people fought commies , not jews or slavs at least they were very good in making the americans believe this . 
   italy borders are protected by italian law , illegal migration is not allowed anywhere in the world . 
  maritime law - which is international law and supercedes national law - clearly states that shipwrecked people are to be transferred to the authorities in the next port of call . 
  maritime , and especially european law , also superceding italian law , forbids countries to disallow porting a nonmilitary vessel . 
   as ngo 's are not ignoring maritime law by taking migrants from libya 's coast no , they actually * follow * maritime law which dictates any vessel to save shipwrecked people . 
   while making a good amount of buck from it i am still not seeing any evidence these ngos are actually profitting from their work . 
   guess several dozens dead bodies in van or drowning in the sea was not enough for you guys to stop supporting human trafficking . 
  so ... to avoid drowning people in the mediterranean , we need to have more people drown in the mediterranean ? 
  sounds like flawless logic .
