  and still , the vast majority of terrorists seem to be muslims ( with a few notable exceptions , which are overwhelmingly reactionary * anti-muslims * ) . 
  that 's defeatism . 
  actually , there is a lot we can do about it , like screening radicals . 
  she also said there would be no maut on the autobahn , and that there wo n't be an increase in vat . 
  merkel is about as trustworthy as a stone . 
  elections imply there are suitable candidates , which we lack . 
  who could seriously become chancellor ? 
  it 's a special case for slandering foreign heads of state . 
  it 's designed so that foreign heads of state can not silence the domnestic press with frivolous lawsuits . 
   superiority of an independent judiciary , which will acquit b\u00f6hmermann under germany 's freedom of speech law there is no such thing as a `` freedom of speech law '' in germany . 
  you have `` freedom of opinion '' - but often have to keep that opinion to yourself . 
  also , there 's an old german saying : `` auf hoher see und vor gericht ist man in gottes hand '' ( `` on the high seas and in front of a court , you are in the hand of the lord '' , meaning things can not be predicted and you have a good chance of getting completely fucked , no matter how innocent or well-prepared you are ) . 
  well that 's the * reason * why germans elect conservatives - they * conserve * the status quo . 
  actually more like the centrist wing of the cdu . 
   why should she make someone above the law ? 
  to set up precedent that third-world-dictators are not allowed to fuck with our cultural heritage . 
  it was an unbelievably stupid move , public-opinion wise . 
  instead of looking like erdogan 's little gimp on a leash , merkel could have joined the list of politicians who did the morally right thing , even against the law , in a time of need . 
  germans love politicians like that ( see : schmidt , sturmflut 1962 ) . 
   it is still a violation of the separation of powers . 
  this either is wishful thinking , or you know more about the future than either merkel or the bverfg . 
   it is still a violation of the separation of powers . 
  which is non-existant in the gg if you mean `` the executive branch may not influence the judicative branch '' . 
  it only * describes * that we have these branches , but not that they need to be firewalled off to each other . 
  yes . 
  even 20 years after we abolished the illegality of homosexual acts , the ones sentenced before still have their sentence in the criminal record . 
   in the scenario i 'm outlining boehermanns sentence would be overturned due to the law he 's been sentenced for being unconstitutional . 
  * if * the bverfg considers the law unconstitutional . 
  which i highly doubt - the \u00a7 104a actually is a protection clause for the freedom of press , and the \u00a7 103 is just another \u00a7 187 stgb . 
   and the court throws it out , ... in ten to fifteen years . 
   satire in both turkey and germany are likely to increase as a backlash to erdogan . 
  or it will go silent , because of the associated dangers . 
  switzerland, 
  do n't they ? 
  bavaria fights hard to keep their barracks , and to have new units on their soil . 
  so is w\u00fcrttemberg - the military is an economic factor . 
  army bases that are shut down usually are located in the east or the north . 
  those areas are reserved for bombing ranges and maneuver grounds . 
  [ they should have made a movie out of it , it would have been less easy to misinterpret ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stalingrad_%282013_film%29 ), 
   bavaria does not dominate the germany army hm ... matter of fact , any active , notable german militiary unit i can think of ( but for the navy , for obvious reasons ) actually is from either bavaria or w\u00fcrttemberg - the two most financially influental l\u00e4nder . 
  we 're working on that . 
  how 's the situation in warshaw , by the way ? 
  courts and defendants can be ddosed by fraudulous cases - once there is a lawsuit , they * have * to act . 
  the government as a central point of failure can just dismiss anything coming from e.g. 
  the north korean government . 
   honestly it is ridiculous hat the federal government can veto prosecution i respectfully disagree . 
  in this case , a foreign government is actively working to silence domnestic media . 
  if there was no safety valve , freedom of press - and the functioning of courts - would be massively diminished by the dictator-of-the-current-newscycle . 
   move to eastern poland \u2122 you mean the part of poland the polish actually are setting up as a battlefield ? 
   germany handled greece 's debt crisis , you mean `` responsibly and while doing what is unpopular , but necessary '' ? 
  i think we can live with that . 
  did you mean : easier to forge ? 
  thankfully , public opinion does n't make much of a difference when treating prisoners the same . 
  in every civilized country , if you do not try to be a problem prisoner , you get some time off . 
  and bankers are n't exactly known for setting up prison gangs and raping guards . 
  i wonder why they think the bakery scene is unusual . 
  people get asked different prices for stuff all the time , and pretty obviously , too . 
  [ have an example from india ] ( http://travel.melissafedak.com/places/india/india_humayuns_tomb_entrance_fee_sign-small.jpg ), 
  you would n't believe it , but i never owned a second reddit account . 
  you , on the other hand , now own the honour of being the first guy i tried the new `` block user '' feature on . 
   for defending people who attack public servants once more , you prove to be incapable of understanding the meaning of written words . 
  i was not defending anyone , i was making an observation about cause and effect . 
   having a singe high ranked officer giving violent orders , which the decending officers have to follow makes those descending grades not violent . 
  the nuremberg defense has been invalid ever since 1946 . 
   seriously , daylight savings time ? 
  yes , it 's an obvious example : people hate it overwhelmingly , still , given there is no viable political party to support this . 
  obviously , `` the will of the people '' and the `` mature citizen '' are illusions the political caste wants us to believe . 
  also , the fact that you seem to only read the first few sentences is pretty obvious here . 
   i know several police officers i guess we found the problem : you 're a sympathisant . 
   and they do n't like using force , it 's the last resort yeah , that 's what i would tell my friends as well . 
  `` i 'm not a sociopath , i do n't enjoy this . '', 
   it 's a facist point of view to support the use of violence against a violent offender ? 
  it 's fascist to lick the government thuigs boots when they try to murder civilians . 
   it literally only takes a large amount of people supporting your view peacefully to change policies you do n't like . 
  oh god , you * really * are so delusional . 
  [ have a read about our glorious democracy ] ( http://www.heise.de/tp/artikel/47/47747/1.html ) . 
   if you cam not get a large amount of people to support your cause peacefully , maybe your cause is not so great to be supported in the first place . 
   police does not shoot people on the streets with no reason like it 's happening in america quite often . 
  `` not as bad as american cops '' is hell of a slogan . 
   when the police acts violently , it 's because hooligans threw stones , autonomist set cars on fire or right wing extremist started to beat up foreigners . 
  or , of course , if there is a fucking * marching order * to * apply excessive violence to make the opposition feel bad * . 
  like there was in stuttgart . 
  police since are thugs and criminals , unless prooven differently , and no citizen should ever talk to any policeman , regardless of officially or privately , ever again . 
  be a bastard , be treated as a bastard . 
   in thier eyes , that 's unjustified violence , in my eyes , it 's justice served . 
  sounds like a fascist viewpoint to me . 
  interest group might spend more time doing police work and less time lobbying and spreading lies to the press to avoid that problem . 
   you are clueless . 
  well , * one * of us is . 
  respect has to be earned . 
  i respected the town 's policeman of the 1980s - someone who maintained order . 
  but ever since the police prooved to be thugs who beat up senior citizens and students at their master 's command ( -  stuttgart ) , i have come to the realization that the police is the enemy . 
  and you may respect your enemy - but ultimately , one side has to be destroyed . 
   attacks against police are cowardous yeah , unarmed people attacking the only legally armed people in a society is * cowardous * . 
   we should start to ban left wing extremist parties . 
  i agree . 
   i find it funny how you are so desperatly trying to argue against something the police itself confirms regulary . 
  namely that they are desperatly understaffed interest group wants more funds to enlarge itself . 
  news at 11 . 
   20 minutes its 3 times the response time the police has to achieve according to the law .
