   women get a lot less than men and defacto a lot of the prostitutes are forced into prostitution by poverty you could make the exact same argument about any job . 
  i sure as hell do n't go to the office 42 hours a day , doing mind-crushing stuff , because i love doing it ... the prospect of becoming impoverished is a rather strong motivator . 
   implying germany is going to raise an army sooner or later we will . 
  oszillationstheorie . 
  for now , we learned we are better off trading than fighting . 
  maybe , one day we will see this differently . 
  it is the same for every country . 
  i will make no prediction when this will be the case for germany . 
   implying the libyan army was n't going to rape benghazzi otherwise known as `` spreading law and order '' or `` preventing a civil war '' or even `` contributing to the security of non-violent benghazzi citizens '' . 
  or a massacre , depending on how you see it . 
  technically , if your country does support other people doing similar things , it has no moral high ground on this issue . 
   implying syria is in the european sphere of influence and ignoring reactions from iran , russia , china , palestine , israel . 
  so , iran would have nuked europe for preventing a genocide ? 
  or china ? 
  or israel ? 
  or maybe we would have had palestinian suicide bombers in lyon busses ? 
  israel would have been glad to have syria out of it 's back , china is more interested in trade than in war over a barren rock somewhere in the middle east , palestine is toothless and only survives because of european financial and political support , iran has other things to worry about . 
  and russia ? 
  who cares if you have oil and gas when your main customer is currently invaded by your army ? 
    implying lybia and iraq are the same thing because they look the same . 
  so , what is the difference , pray ? 
  the situations in libya and iraq are * very * similar . 
   implying germany should better raise an army huh ? 
  where did i say that ? 
   implying dumb 1920s germany and a global financial and economic crisis are the same thing . 
  it 's almost as if you have willfully neglected history . 
  we were not `` dumb '' in 1920 , we were broke , mostly because of unusually high reparation payments . 
  you can basically thank the ww-i-victors for that . 
  that aside : the 1920s were not exactly a time of global economic successes , either . 
   so what , it was in 1920 . 
  one century ago . 
  get over with it already . 
  intelligence is doing a mistake once , and learn the lesson . 
  not forget it after a week , a year , or a century . 
  you know , the nazis rose to power in the 1930s . 
  eighty years ago . 
  time to get over it already and start a massive military buildup ? 
   hm , international diplomacy = war . 
  interesting . 
  what part of having a massive nato air support bomb-dropping mission is not war ? 
   but yeah , we should have probably let a massacre happen instead of trying to change things . 
  sure , what massacre was there before the west started to meddle with libya 's population ? 
   this is typically german , as i said . 
  actually , it 's typically human , if there is nothing to gain . 
  or why is n't your countries air force currently bombing the syrian leadership out of office ? 
   and iraq and libya are different things . 
  how so ? 
  both oil-rich muslim desert states controlled by autocrats whose population suddenly had to be ` liberated ' , and which crashed to chaos once the west stopped supporting their autocrat . 
   german economy is based on export , most of it being done in the eurozone . 
  you 'd be surprised how quickly we can change that . 
  half of asia needs tanks . 
  the japanese are under-staffed with airbus planes ( hell , let 's finally crush boeing ! ) . 
  russia would gladly have more access to telecommunication infrastructure systems . 
  i heard half a dozen middle-east nations are interested in nuclear technology . 
  the eu is an important market , but it is not irreplacable . 
   remember 2008 ? 
  yes , i do . 
  i do n't think we even noticed any indicator of a crisis to rise . 
  so what , it was in 1920 . 
  one century ago . 
  get over with it already . 
  in fact , our economy grew continuously , by 30 % in less than ten years between 2002 and 2010 ( see [ this handy info ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=gdp+germany+between+2002+and+2010 ) ) wages did n't rise . 
  technically , we saw the real wage increases in spain and france , and we are envious ... and after we had what feels like being robbed by our economy and our government for the euro decade , now we should pay for spain , and france , and italy , and greece . 
  not going to happen if berlin does not want a very , very nasty domnestic situation . 
  well , the spd has to be : they are the opposition . 
  realistically , they also think of it as a measure of last resort . 
  you imply there is a direct causation . 
  we did our genocide in the 1940s ... the hyperinflation was done in '34 ... generally we think the rise of the nazis was mostly because of a failed democratic system . 
   now spain finds itself in trouble , and you talk of ants and grasshoppers . 
  real wages in spain rose between 2002 and 2010 , real wages in germany stagnated or even lowered ( i 'm technically at work now , so if i should source this , please wait a few hours ) . 
  who has benefitted more ? 
   receiving no punishment germany afair , we got a fine , and paid it . 
  you could argue that the fine was not high enough , though . 
   the `` one-size fits all '' economic policy was not and likely is not suited to the eurozone without significant transfers . 
  this has been blindingly obvious from the start . 
  agreed - and that was the reason most of the german population was against it , many predicting the exact situation we now have . 
  unfortunately , our political leadership did n't care . 
  so now it 's time to cut our losses . 
   if the euro is doomed , why are they bothering to discuss future fiscal integration ? 
  the euro , from day one , was a cdu project . 
  they are reluctant to admit publicy that they were wrong . 
  i suppose they wait until the very last moment and then do a big-sweep monientary reform , much like they did in 1948 - where overnight a new currency was the legal tender . 
  fun fact : we do have a b-series of the dmark hidden in the bundesbankbunker in cochem/mosel , which can be rolled out rapidly . 
  ah , come on . 
  neither of the piigs is facing default because germany overdrew its credit allowance ~ ~ five ~ ~ one year ~ ~ s ~ ~ ago . 
  ** edit ** : it seems we did so again 2010 ... but still , that 's not the trigger of the problems at hand . 
   if the euro hits the wall and you have to return to a rapidly strengthening dm , what will the point of all that austerity have been ? 
  ( apprentice 's due ) - we would have learned that it is a bad idea to mingle our finances with other countries . 
  well , most of us knew that before , but another lure into a common economy would be dead for decades . 
  see how rightfully paranoid about inflation we are even now . 
   who 's going to keep buying german goods when they double and triple in price ? 
  for a few years , nobody . 
  but then , eventually we will rise again , because we are survivors . 
  we take personal responsibility in our trade goods . 
  we innovate . 
  and we are reliable . 
  sooner or later , this will make other countries buy from us again . 
  not necessarily eu countries , but other countries . 
   you do n't inhabit some economic island immune from the chill winds that blow across neighbouring countries . 
  we could n't care less .
