  germany , where we solve problems like that by working on the unwanted results instead of setting up pointless investigations . 
  also where we have to wait - on average - two years before we even see a psychotherapist . 
  maybe the situation is different in the netherlands . 
  you would have acted in neglect , or you might have violated secondary laws ** that apply to you on the local level ** - like a ban on gun ownership . 
  there is criminal negliency , but that is not technically a crime ( a crime necessiates that it has been done deliberately ) . 
  madness can be many things . 
   it 's worth the money to investigate for the people that saw their relatives scattered over a field . 
   what would you do ? 
  what would be your solution ? 
  or that money could be spent better in priority psychological treatment for those people . 
  that would be the `` humane '' thing to do instead of wasting money destroying the healing process on those people and alienating the world community by devaluing the term `` war crime '' . 
  just saying . 
  madness is to know something will fail and do it nontheless . 
   ah your completely amoral i call that `` pragmatic '' , which shares the same etymology as `` practical '' . 
   , when are democracy and human rights getting abolished ? 
  the downed airliner has nothing to do with either democracy or human rights - or movements against those principles . 
   also hilarious you use lefties as the straw man do n't know about britain , but over here , mostly the left cries for war . 
  which is kinda ironic , because their voter base is the most likely to be decimated in one . 
  for it to be a war crime , there has to be 1 . a war 2 . a crime while 1 . might be considered to be happening there , 2 . means there has been a deliberate shooting down of that airliner . 
  good luck prooving that , given the `` evidence '' the ukrainians have already spread . 
  also , if there had been a war crime , it would have been against the state of malaysia . 
  random dutchmen killed does n't make for an antidutch war crime . 
   and you would be amazed what kind of information these people can extract from sources outside of ukraine and ways the separatists did n't think about . 
  oh yeah , i can already see `` sint maarten - dutch guantanamo bay '' . 
  yeah , what then ? 
  russia is happy , we are happy , some irrelevant country might not be , but well , they were n't important trade partners . 
  everyone who matters goes home with a smile . 
  but then , that might be unpopular with the lefties , so let 's first check if there are important elections coming up - if so , let 's do as if we are about to poke the bear . 
  a quick press stunt to soothe the dutch people by burning some money into an investigation that very obviously is going to fail silently in a few weeks . 
  violence happens all the time , even in deepest peace . 
  the bear sleeps until it 's attacked . 
  well , if they had any sense , their assets are not all gold bricks in a moscow bunker . 
  it is surprisingly easy to move wealth around , and people on that level most likely spend half their day doing so . 
  yep , and eventually frontex will become more militarized and less `` refugee '' vessels will make it to the shores . 
  i would imagine a russian billionaire ^ tm would have already spent those [ 400k for a second passport ] ( http://ciu.gov.kn/ ), 
  the missile survived that explosion ? 
  oh , wait , they mean the missile * launcher * . 
  actually , yes , it does . 
  just because britain decided to jump into military conflict in ww2 and brought war to it 's shores * after * appeasement does n't mean letting the bear sleep is not the sane choice here . 
   and since when you can accidentally shoot down a commercial plane with aa-missile ? 
  you mistake a civilian aircraft with a military one . 
  i wish that was a joke , but it 's not : [ it happens all the time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_airliner_shootdown_incidents ) ^ 1 . 
  you shoot at a military aircraft and the rocket decides it likes the civilian one better ( this is what allegedly happened here , according to some maps i 've seen ) . 
  you are a moron and forget to use the iff signal . 
  tons of possibilities . 
   they are mass murderers until proven otherwise . 
  be careful what legal framework you operate in , it might be applied to you : * you * are a mass murderer until prooven otherwise . 
   you know , there was the top aids researchers of the world in the plane and russia hate gays . 
  maybe it was deliberate after all ? 
  yes , this is conspiracy theory but the next speculation level could be this . 
  ... and british royalty actually are silesian reptiloids . 
  there are medical doctors specializing in people who think these things are true . 
  [ 1 ] yes , that list also has deliberate shootdowns . 
  most of them were based on misidentification , though . 
  they accidentally killed 300 people . 
  we call that involuntary manslaughter , not murder until you can * proove * in a court of law the shooting down of this specific aircraft was deliberate . 
   for me they are terrorists . 
  by that logic , for you everyone who slows down traffic with their agricultural machine on the street would be a terrorist - and while i could second that notion , that 's not what the definition of terrorism is . 
  so ... those lost passports , cell phones and credit cards ... who exactly took them ? 
  looters on the left , looters on the right , and stuck in the middle the remains of 300 civilians . 
  or russia will wait for a week before the world has forgotten about this incident , and yank up support to close down that situation . 
   if their guilt is proven , it may encourage others to impose more sanctions or even give ukraine military support of any kind ; you say you think other nations will risk war with russia because of the accidental shootdown of a non-european airliner and a few hundred victims ? 
   it will convince russia to stop supplying them with such weapons ; or it will convince russia to recognize these states and put sam systems right at the borders , to be used at the request of a befriended nation . 
   it already helped ukrainian military to gain pretty big advantage well , give malaysia airlines a nice thank-you card . 
  also the victim 's families . 
  none of your points is about solving the conflict - all of them only try to ignite it further and/or make it a slow and bloody guerilla war ( see chechenia about how well that works ) . 
  at least , with big guns , it would eventually have been solved . 
   the most anyone wants is a full embargo and special forces and air power to let ukraine take back their ground . 
  actually , the uk wants to leave ( or says so ) because they are n't treated like a special little snowflake , also nationalism and the fear of europeans taking their jobs . 
   no is advocating war with russia stop kicking that strawman . 
  yes , you are . 
  what do you think russia will do if europe starts to play hardball ? 
   the most anyone wants is a full embargo and special forces and air power to let ukraine take back their ground . 
  aka . 
  military intervention . 
  aka : a reason for retaliation . 
  aka : world war iii . 
  actually , terrorism has been on a decline ever since the early 1970s . 
  even the small spike in 1999-2001 was nothing as compared to the seventies . 
  they are separatists , maybe insurgents , in their own image freedom fighters , but they are * not * terrorists . 
  terrorists commit acts of terror , which means those acts are * deliberate * , * planned * , and * designed to make a point * to * change policy * . 
  these guys wage a civil war . 
  that 's another thing . 
   why is everyone talking about a world war ? 
  a war with russia by necessity is a world war . 
  and if putin feels like he 's losing , the war ends about 30 minutes later . 
   1 ) pull all country diplomats from russia except eu diplomats that 's probably the worst way of action : it 's an affront , and it leaves the least competent to speak - the eu attache - in moscow . 
   2 ) ban all flights direct flights from russia to : eu , usa , canada , and australia in response , russia would at least lock down it 's airspace to all eu/us/canadian and australian aircraft . 
  have you looked at a map recently ? 
   1 ) dragged victims bodies around i hate to break it to you , but accident site body removal is not exactly a walk in the park , especially if you are fighting a war and are underfunded , undermanned and lack experience . 
  stuff like this will give you real , psychiatrical conditions for decades to come . 
  i am not surprised these guys have acted less than professionally . 
   2 ) prevent international teams from doing their job at the crash sites remember : they 're fighting a war there - and the `` international team '' might very well be a small platoon of ukrainians who could use this situation to set up a bridge head . 
   3 ) stole credit cards of dead victims that is despicable , but i do n't think you have proof this was done by russians or donetsk militias , do you ? 
  it could be pretty much anyone who was in that area . 
  you mean , like the dutch blue helmets who prevented the genocide in srebrenica ? 
  yeah , right . 
  the eu response has been about what i expected . 
  this was not a vehicle registered in the eu . 
  the eu does not care about it 's citizens .
