  quite possibly . 
  i just made up a term that served the purpose while ignoring any previously established terminology . 
  well , at least according to the vote , most brits think they 'll be better off without us . 
  ooh , that is interesting . 
  i had n't realized it was that common to cut islands from maps . 
  edit : this thread has contaminated my mind . 
  now i ca n't help but look for nz and iceland on every map i see . 
  edit 2 : looks like graphics designers are n't into cartography . 
  if a map is missing a country , the map is usually also highly simplified and inaccurate in every way . 
  also the projection could be horribly misleading and odd . 
  however , whenever you find a map that was made by people who actually know what they 're doing , you can expect it to contain every country . 
  have you seen a map where iceland got deleted ? 
  if i were to look at the map of usa , where would i look first ? 
  probably florida , because of the distinctive shape . 
  i really have not connection to any part of usa , so they all attract an equal amount of attention . 
  if i were to look at the map of china , i would probably look at beijing fist and yunnan second . 
  i must say , there 's a reason for both , but with usa , would really have to think of a reason to look a a particular state rather than some other . 
  strange ... 
  can confirm . 
  started with finland , went to the mediterranean countries , then central europe , then the united ... hey , what 's going on here ? 
  this proves that the brexit procedure is already fully complete in your mind . 
  yep . 
  it 's a loop . 
  before the era of [ large wall transformers ] ( http://irrigationcaddydirect.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/800x800/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/e/u/eu.png ) . 
  aah , language barriers again . 
  hard to think outside the box , when you know the actual meaning of the words in question . 
  proper name for serious democracy . 
  sorry , did n't get it . 
  is that a reference to a movie i have n't seen ? 
  total disaster !, 
  and what 's considered a `` basic service '' . 
  having at least 3g plan with unlimited data is a basic necessity in finland these days . 
  likewise , it 's impossible to imagine living without a mobile phone ; you just have to be able to contact people . 
  likewise , having a tablet or a proper computer for paying your bills as absolutely necessary these days . 
  the world has changed so much that our current needs and requirements hardly resemble the ones we had 20 years ago . 
  well , guess what . 
  many countries do n't have these requirements . 
  they are ok with bread , water and house . 
  they do n't spend money on the kind of thing we do . 
  comparing buying power becomes very tricky imo . 
  some products and services are indeed outrageously expensive . 
  that 's why people do n't really spend time in a cafe . 
  however , in most part of the world it 's common to pay for a hot cup on daily basis . 
  if you did that in finland , you would get bankrupt in a year . 
  however , our phone related services are dirt cheap , so how are you supposed to compare countries ... 
  apparently he was serious . 
  no messing around . 
  why not have mexican workers also build it , while you 're at it . 
  can confirm , am finnished . 
  is it this one ? 
  there is only one true parabola . 
  how about the `` biggest army policy '' ? 
  for a long time finland was just an inhabited buffer zone between two super powers . 
  who cares what those savages think , but they certainly need to know what we think . 
  what about saame ? 
  it 's an official language in finland . 
  traditionally chess pieces were made of ivory . 
  you need an elephant for that . 
  he could n't find an elephant . 
  hooray . 
  long live the \u00f6 , the brst letter of the alphabet . 
  which means that trump can say whatever he finds strategic . 
  it probably will not affect the current status of gay marriage , but it will influence his supporters . 
  previously he said numerous things to get into power and now he will keep on saying whatever it takes to remain in power . 
  in other words : politics as usual . 
  would i be right in thinking that trump ca n't really do much about it now that the supreme court has given their final word on it . 
  if that 's the case , he can say just about anything that serves his goals . 
  you need unicorn glue and dragon tape too . 
  btw what does he think of same sex marriages ? 
  sorry , have n't been following us news lately . 
  got fed up with the exceedingly premature pre-election hype leaking all over our newspapers . 
  unlimited data on 3g , unlimited phone calls and sms = 24,9 $ / month . 
  if you go to the store and discuss your options , you can usually get it for less than 20 $ / month . 
  in some cases you can actually get 4g for about 25 $ / month . 
  the only company that totally missed the idea of competition of sonera . 
  they 've always happy with the last position in this race . 
  once upon a time one company decided to lower their data prices radically . 
  everyone was selling it at like 10 $ / mb and this new company sold it at 1,5 $ / mb . 
  the race was on and soon everyone 's data price was 1,5 $ / mb . 
  well not sonera of course . 
  a few years later when everyone had data packages ( like 500 mb/month or more ) , sonera charged by the megabyte . 
  now that these days everything is unlimited , you can guess what sonera is still trying to pull off ... 
  they seem to think we live in america or something . 
  and that 's it . 
  ok , close enough . 
  are you sure it says that ? 
  anyway , i checked the picture and the jpegged was pretty unreadable . 
  in any case , it did n't look familiar which would imply that op messed up the title . 
  not as fast as kimi r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen . 
  yeah , that 's why we build these massive ships with roaring amounts of raw power radiating from every corner . 
  btw their names are pretty awesome too ( voima , urho , sisu etc. ), 
  i know many people who have visited the uk , some even studied there . 
  they all agree that in many ways the uk is less developed than the scandinavian countries . 
  examples : bureaucracy of the school library has n't been digitized , cold and hot water come from two taps and houses have poor thermal insulation . 
  i finland , pretty much every window has three panes and most [ locks are extremely difficult to pick ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tc8ljibuoc ) . 
  if you live in a city , your home will probably be heated by the heat network/teleheating . 
  in a big city it 's also possible to toulouse your wallet . 
  some people at the airport of oulu seem to think it 's the `` capital of northern scandinavia '' . 
  sounds like any city can just decide to be the capital of anything or the home city of anyone . 
  just as ambiguous as the definition of superfood .
