  what if there 's nothing left to join ? 
  but as long as america becomes great , who cares ? 
  glad to live here . 
  sad because we know more about us politics than eu politics . 
  when was the last time you heard about the european parlament , commission or other ruling bodies or their presidents . 
  btw have you ever heard of anyone being in the media because there 's a candidate for position x in a governing body in the eu ? 
  us , mexico , honduras ... what 's at the bottom of the chain or is this a cyclical system ? 
  insufficient sample size . 
  currently we have been shown evidence from just one city . 
  summer is coming, 
  i 've been wondering if i should start downvoting all clickbaits . 
  browsing through thousands of photos takes a while you know ... 
  after trump leaves absolute devastation and mayhem behind him , it might just work . 
  and even if i were to give you the evidence , you would just respond with : `` no it was n't . '', 
  i stayed a few days in rinkeby and also visited husby . 
  it was really great . 
  can confirm . 
  ok , your viewpoint , have an upvote, 
  indeed , really . 
  if you do n't burp loudly , is that a sign of disrespect ? 
  in some cultures it is . 
  if you wear white clothes in a funeral , does it mean you are intentionally trying to defile the ceremony ? 
  in japan it does n't . 
  you know , a western interpretation of someones actions does n't always work . 
  people do things that seem insulting to us , but they are n't doing it to insult us . 
  they have their reasons and in their home country doing so would be normal or even ** respectful ** . 
  what 's considered a sign or respect in one country could be seen as an insult in another . 
  but back to the schoolboy case . 
  take a look at [ this article ] ( https://islamqa.info/en/21183 ) and you 'll begin to understand what 's going on inside the head of a muslim who does n't shake hands with women . 
  try to imagine you 're a devout catholic and you live in some place where doing an some prohibited action ( like premarital sex , abortion , ridiculing jesus etc. ), 
  is expected of you . 
  would you still do it and violate your religion just to conform the the norms of the society where you live ? 
  would you really do it ? 
  what makes you think is is sexism ? 
  the teacher might feel that way , but i do n't think the student intended to be sexist . 
  why do n't brits like polish ? 
  i do n't know abou catholic priest , but as far as lutheran priests are concerned , there are roughly two kinds : people who do that for a living and people who do that for faith . 
  the former are traditionally know as `` bread priests '' , because , for them , priestshood is just an occupation . 
  so if you talk to a bread priests , you can actually hear some pretty secular and even ( something which hard core fundamentalists would consider ) heretical stuff . 
  pretty much the same in arabic . 
  ignore the sign and go 120 . 
  that number is just a reference telling you that if you go slower than 100 someone will be at your tail all the time . 
  swedes do n't do 80 . 
  they go 70 instead . 
  how would you interpret 120 ? 
  1.200 = 1.2 ( decimal point ) = 1,2 ( decimal comma ) is n't that a pretty low rof ? 
  well , you * can * , but it might not be safe . 
  in reality , no . 
  however , they think or wish they really were , so they 'll just drive at 80 , minimum . 
  if the road is nice and straight , you can expect to see someone drive at 140 km/h . 
  are you saying i ca n't register my tank to be a street legal vehicle ? 
  yeah , no point sitting around waiting for that one comment to show up . 
  might as well speed up the process and make that comment yourself . 
  that was fast . 
  lol, 
  could we have that in english , please . 
  even if you were made out money , would you actually cut off an arm and a leg in order to buy a car ? 
  some times i think 90 % of redditors are from usa . 
  so that 's why we need stuff like this ... 
  come to australia and see the spectacular wildlife , only some of which will actively try to kill you . 
  no need to worry about those . 
  not going to see them in a while . 
  however , the land of democracy and freedom might feel the urge to do something about it . 
  were they planted last year ? 
  what if you want to loose a stone ? 
  it 's too late for them to change their opinion . 
  now they have to defend it . 
  if you want to get rid of mice and cockroaches , burn down your house . 
  yeah , try posting that on / r/lifeprotips , and we 'll see how many upvotes it attracts . 
  that 's an interesting point of view . 
  and it 's also true . 
  we know how annoying it is when someone invades your personal space or bothers you with noise . 
  we do n't want to be that annoying idiot , so we avoid many things because of it . 
  i just never thought of it meaning that we are a considerate people in this regard . 
  which is still dirt cheap . 
  a normal night at the bar can easily cost you 50 $ in finland . 
  however , with the 1 $ rate you would die before having spent 50 $ . 
  if that happened in finland , two things would result : 1 ) the bar would run out of drinks . 
  2 ) it would be a busy night for the nearest hospitals . 
  while we are coloring the map here , we might as well give russia the same shade of red as syria . 
  they are buddies after all . 
  who cares about facts when people vote based on their impressions . 
  lol . 
  that 's how politics works . 
  nothing new . 
  correct . 
  it seems like a communist/stalinist/atheist system there . 
  may be haram , but why would they care ? 
  it 's like drivin 90 km/h in a 70 zone . 
  it 's comon , many people do it , and people just do n't think of the consequences . 
  is n't that about the time it takes to make a sequel ? 
  sounds like a sales pitch for the american market . 
  double the power , double the action !, 
  you know that sort of testosterone dripping manly yelling . 
  it 's like os x vs linux . 
  manual uses less fuel . 
  i always thought this was all about politics and not about science or food safety . 
  and the list is missing some countries that are n't very far away . 
  i think i recognize those shirts and tress . 
  looks strangely familiar .
