yeah ? 
  why finland is n't a part of scandinavia ? 
  the [ capital of northern scandinavia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4q3n26i.jpg ) is here , but somehow finland still manages avoid being a part of scandinavia . 
  what 's considered liberal depends on context . 
  lifting the ban on alcohol alcohol is liberal in some countries . 
  i think it was prisma or k-citymarket . 
  of course , the country of origin was printed in small print in the back of the jar , so it was n't immediately obvious . 
  i should check next time i go shopping . 
  no problem . 
  japan : squids, 
  the death of one man is a tragedy , the death of millions is a statistic . 
  - not stalin https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#misattributed, 
  many have tried various atrocities but somehow they just do n't get noticed the way germany got . 
  i suppose they just are n't targeting the right audience . 
  i think i saw a jar of romanian honey in the supermarket the other day . 
  germany certainly did get quite a reputation during that time ... 
  pretty hard to overshadow that with nice cars and sausages . 
  i 'm reminded of that every time i drive through rovaniemi ... 
  the rest of the country does n't keep telling me of that though . 
  have n't been to korvatunturi yet . 
  i suspect it 's just going to get more obvious there . 
  well , i suppose it 's better to be known for santa rather than people puking on the sidewalk during midsummer festival , new year , christmas , and every friday . 
  let 's see ... yep . 
  the site loaded as expected . 
  no annoying full screen `` you are using an ad blocker '' messages . 
  i expect sides of the website are supposed to be filled with ads . 
  in my case , there 's just the news and a lot of empty white space on both sides . 
  replace ad block plus with ublock . 
  problem solved . 
  what you just saw there only vaguely resembles pizza . 
  in reality it 's the finnish mutation called pitsa . 
  it may seem silly , but that 's planning ahead . 
  and do n't forget the all you can puke toilets . 
  sometimes it happens . 
  in order to safeguard your lovely memory of yhe cruise , it is highly recommended that you never set foot on one of those ships again . 
  they 're called reindeers . 
  does anyone else see fancy neck wear / jewelry ? 
  reminds me of something i saw in a museum . 
  to me it looks like the antennas were supposed to point upwards , but someone thought it would look cool if you flipped them down to tun the router into a spider ... with six legs instead of eight . 
  same thing in finland . 
  in some places the glass has been replaced with plexiglass . 
  looks almost as good , but lasts a lot longer . 
  northern countries do n't have that many catholics . 
  that 's why people there do n't understand anything about saints . 
  saints are an important part of catholic christianity . 
  one of the main points of lutheran christianity is the absence of saints . 
  this map illustrates the influence of catholicism on certain areas . 
  it has nothing to do with religiousness , irreligiousness or paganism . 
  however , it is interesting to note that at least finland resisted christianity for quite some time . 
  i do n't know if the same is true for sweden and norway too . 
  anyway , in a sense you could say that certain peoples are more hardcore pagans than others , but that phenomenon would n't show up on this map . 
  the lack of dots on this map is caused by the lack of catholicism . 
  i 've heard that a european education pretty much guarantees a good job and a good salary . 
  compared to the rest of the population you would be like a king . 
  apparently murdering is n't cool in europe . 
  estonia is a small country . 
  what if we just witnessed a statistical anomaly caused by insufficient sample size ? 
  the picture of a fat american with two machine guns was pretty close to what i had in mind . 
  however , he had two kalashnikovs , not m16s , which was odd . 
  over 10 million !, 
  you must be terrified . 
  how do you sleep at night ? 
  using only encrypted communication is suspicious , is n't it . 
  basically evidence ... 
  it 's culture . 
  it does n't have to make any sense to work . 
  yeah the regulations are strict . 
  normally you ca n't combine sauna and proximity of water . 
  in order to avoid this limitation , people build floating saunas . 
  the combination of heat and cool water is just unbeatable . 
  besides , the lake view is nice . 
  it makes no sense , but yes , it 's true . 
  sounds very familiar . 
  does anyone remember what happened when germany used this tactic with the jews . 
  when travelling between oulu and helsinki ( actually vantaa ) , flying is usually a lot cheaper than buying a train ticket . 
  makes no sense . 
  why train tickets cost so much ? 
  i thought airplanes were more complicated and more expensive to run . 
  way back in the old days , when finnair had the monopoly on flights in finland , travelling by train was cheaper than travelling by plane . 
  however , travelling in general was much more expenseive than it is now , so i 'm not complaining . 
  i do n't thing `` discourege '' describes the situation . 
  people who are `` drunk as hell '' will be able to sleep nearly anywhere . 
  as a matter of fact some people end up sleeping in the snow . 
  obviously , this is quite deadly , but it does happen every now and then . 
  people who are only `` really drunk '' probably choose to sleep elsewhere . 
  looks nice and most likely works as intended . 
  exactly the same idea , different artist . 
  we do n't commit suicides that way . 
  guns , alcohol , cars , trains and medicine are more popular . 
  there 's a reason for benches/chairs like that and it 's not antisocial behaviour . 
  we do n't like alcoholics sleeping on every bench . 
  a few years ago we got benches with a metal bar sticking in the middle . 
  three people can sit on the bench , but sleeping woudl n't work . 
  that 's the idea with these one man benches . 
  molecules seek energy minimum . 
  humans seek interaction minimum . 
  justice 2 . 
  respect 3 . 
  supporting the poor, 
  perhaps you can , but what if the eu collapses before that happens ?
