  wow , that was fast . 
  someone should make a similar map comparing russia and europe . 
  makes up some of the damage , i think . 
  well at least it will alleviate some of the pain . 
  it 's not exactly a cast for a broken bone . 
  perhaps more like paracetamol for an amputated limb , but better than nothing , i guess . 
  implying that comedy is n't great at the moment , but will be in the future . 
  how does that comply with it being the best comedy right now ? 
  best but not great ? 
  wait , that means that your comedy is n't great but all the other comedy out there is just abysmal . 
  it seems that trump just gave us a new branch of comedy . 
  i guess this is going to explode just like the hitler subtitle videos . 
  and yet they expect you to know where ia , me , dc and la and are . 
  ( no , they 're not cities . ), 
  i should probably use postal codes more often ... hey i visited 00820 a while ago . 
  it was n't anything like 99600 , but still very nice . 
  btw have you been to 99600 ? 
  is n't this the same structure that 's on a 5 $ banknote ? 
  i do n't know anyone who would describe themselves as primarily european . 
  everyone i know would choose their home country over europe . 
  however , when you 're talking to someone outside europe , it might be convenient to use the term `` european '' , since not everyone knows where smaller european countries are . 
  we do n't make others pay our bridges , we pay for them with our own money . 
  at least the spelling is . 
  i 'm ok with spelling that makes sense , but ... 
  thanks for the info . 
  it increases sales . 
  good for business . 
  btw , does he support nra and concealed carry ? 
  will you still have those liberties in the future ? 
  i think # 000000 and # 000001 make a fine pair . 
  are you sure it was n't fzchichczjhzckhi ? 
  fiji shows up before finland . 
  this is inconvenient and annoying . 
  ca n't they just change their name to something like fziji or whatever . 
  well , in 2014 they did snatch a part of ukraine . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation, 
  someone should measure the average time it takes for this castle to be reposted . 
  we could call that unit of time a ` riposte ' . 
  how long does it take for you to fix my car ? 
  just two more ripostes , i promise . 
  this website has leaks your information to google and amazon . 
  good luck with bhutan . 
  and anaheim ... 
  german researchers start 2017 without elsevier journals . 
  redditors start 2017 without reading that article . 
  yes . 
  yeah , my point exactly . 
  why are they the same colour anyway ? 
  is it because the common letters in j_ul ___ ? 
  hardly constitutes a reason for the colour , but who cares . 
  actually , the more i look at the colours of other countries , the less sense they make . 
  but according to the map your friends in morocco and algeria should be equally confused . 
  keskisuomi ( literally `` middle finland '' ) is nowhere near the geometric middle point of the country . 
  it always amazes me that this point that 's so far away from the middle has the word `` middle '' in its name . 
  making a similar map of finland would n't really differ that much from sweden . 
  that 's pretty much the only type ( in winter ) . 
  pretty much every european country could make a picture like this . 
  ( except for switzerland , sweden and a few others ), 
  scandinavia and the world - coat of arms http://satwcomic.com/coat-of-arms, 
  you know , i thought the finnish coat of arms was silly , but i do n't even know what to think of the belgian one . 
  three eagles , two fish , one bull and a lion !, 
  i think romania will be highlighted on pretty much every map that 's related to this one . 
  if someone did that for finland , he would get sued for making people laugh so hard they could n't breathe . 
  the ingredients ? 
  meat balls anyone ? 
  victory is relative , unless the other group is totally annihilated , eradicated , obliterated and blown to smithereens . 
  this would be a great substitute . 
  i suspect people would prefer to watch this instead . 
  if the customers vote with their wallets for this , the people arranging such events would quickly abandon the old traditions . 
  somehow i get the feeling finland copied the tax system from sweden ... 
  one has a reputation , the other does n't . 
  the reality might be different of course . 
  that many ? 
  really ? 
  well , at least that would explain why it 's such a big topic . 
  never quite understood why do they keep talking about something that just barely exists . 
  but if it 's that wide spread , it 's like talking about the price of rye bread finland . 
  i suppose my wording was n't particularly good , so here 's some clarification . 
  this level of accuracy is n't particularly suited for short reddit lists , so i just decided to squeeze it all into a brutally cut summary . 
  apparently less detail and shorter posts is n't always good . 
  when flying in eu , you do n't really need to worry about anything . 
  when flying in to the us , you need to be aware of the way tsa can treat you and your luggage . 
  this needs to be taken into account when travelling and many people actually recommend taking certain precautions that sound pratty absurd to me . 
  well , i suppse that 's necessary when dealing with the tsa . 
  when americans are speaking publicly , they tend to include all sorts of disclaimers about not giving legal or medical advice . 
  many american products also contain warnings about many totally obvious things . 
  all these precautions need to be takin when you 're dealing with a system that can cost you lot of money . 
  videos like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lq9o9hdhgjq ) exist , because there 's a need for it . 
  in other words , this is a symptom of a sicness . 
  america is such an exceptional coutry . 
  i bump into this fact every time i watch youtube or read reddit . 
  i just see some of the weirdest stuff that 's guaranteed to apply preptty much nowhere besides usa . 
  * strange tipping rules * messed up oligopoly in the phone/internet/tv market * ancient unit system * religious fanaticism is considered normal . 
  * you have to watch out for customs workers . 
  * try not to get sued for saying/doing harmless things . 
  but are you fluent in listening to spanish ? 
  that 's a common phenomenon in finnish . 
  countless foreign words have been transmutilated and crammed into a finnish box . 
  i suppose the same happens with other languages too . 
  a notable difference between finnish and english is that we modify the spelling , pronunciation and even semantics to suite our needs .
