  instead , analysts say that we still need at least 3 years to return to the path of economical growth but only if the government stops their so called unorthodox strategy . 
  the government 's communication is always overly optimistic but they are always proven wrong . 
  they managed to bring our budget deficit under 3 % but they took the pension savings of the people for this and they seem to struggle to keep the deficit under 3 % next year even with the huge tax increase they did yet they still communicate everything they did was perfect . 
  investors need economical stability and seeing this whole process , they feel that hungary is not the best place for their investments anymore . 
  the government is hostile towards foreign corporations and broke promises to them several times . 
  meanwhile migration from the country to other eu members is sky-rocketing . 
  i 'm not familiar with the circumstances in france but consensual voter registration can be acceptable . 
  by the way , political ads are banned in hungary too . 
  except for public tv which is controlled by the government and street posters which are controlled by a firm related to the government ... 
  i do n't like lmp that much either . 
  for those who do n't know lmp is a liberal party ( lehet m\u00e1s a politika = politics can be different ) . 
  they 've been in the diet for two years and i do n't see how their politics is different or how they have done something meaningful to me ... 
  the only party left in the parliament now is the far-rightist jobbik . 
  obviously , they are not an option for me . 
  there are plans for a big coalition against fidesz ( the current ruling party ) called egy\u00fctt 2014 ( together 2014 ) . 
  this seems to be the best option to me but unfortunately there are many politicians from previous governments in it who have already lost my trust . 
  voting for them is only voting for the lesser evil . 
  the best thing i can imagine is that so few people would vote that the elections would become illegitimate . 
  this would be a sign that the strong majority had enough of our current politicians . 
  alas this is not a realistic idea of course . 
  here 's the background : the ruling party has a massive loyal voter base who will vote for them no matter what practically . 
  on the other hand more and more voters are disappointed in the government and a significant part of them is uncertain about who should they for . 
  electoral registration would need extra time from voters to register at their local authorities , thus there 's a chance that uncertain voters would not register and attend the elections which would be benefical for the government party . 
  after the constitutional court 's decision the government reminded the press today that they had the power to go against the decision if they would wanted to because they could modify the constitution about the electoral registration . 
  the government has already taken numerous actions to restrict the possibilities of a fair election in 2014 and today 's decision helps to prevent their intentions . 
  on a side note i 'd like to mention that although i am biased against the current government i do n't intend to vote anyway because the previous government was terrible too , but the current one clearly tries to restrict our democratic institutions , free press and cultural life so i dislike them more . 
  10 years ago we were in first place in almost every aspect in the region , now we are the ones in the deepest recession . 
  the press asked experts about the topic and they said this was a bad decision . 
  i 'm certainly not one of these experts but our government 's so called `` unorthodox policies '' already have caused too much harm to the country , thus i have a bad feeling about this one too . 
  the government 's extremely demagogue communication still has appeal for the majority but more and more people is getting disillusioned . 
  the government tries to maintain the country 's budget deficit below 3 % mainly by huge tax increases . 
  here are some changes : * higher tax on alcohol * new tax on bank transfers * new tax on pornographic movies :d * new chip for every cash register just to gain money after them * higher public transport fees * the state takes every school from local authorities * state monopolization of selling cigarettes * reforming the administrative divisions in the country . 
  our parliament is filled with jerks , the government restricts the institutions of democracy and the press . 
  the minister of economy is a clown , the pm loves power more than the country . 
  i 'm glad that the council of the eu tries stop this whole process because this is rather worrying and hungarian politics is just getting worse and worse . 
  edit : the most disturbing is that the government says that its `` unorthodox economical methods '' are underestimated by the eu , countries like germany or france have outdated views on economy and actually do n't know shit . 
  our budget had to be replanned several times in a few months and everybody else says the government 's economic decisions are nonsense . 
  damn , i got worked up . 
  geographically and culturally turkey has not much to do with europe . 
  admitting more than 70 million muslims to the eu appears to be a serious threat as the second most populous country in the union would be islamic . 
  i understand that it would be a huge advantage for them to stick with europe rather than iran , iraq or syria but i do n't consider them as europeans at all . 
  their conflict with cyprus is a huge issue , so they have to solve that first if they would like to get in . 
  sometimes in the news i hear about attacks in connection with kurdish groups and afaik the eastern part of the country is very undeveloped compared to western turkey in many aspects . 
  turkey serves as a drug trafficking hub to europe and if they were part of the eu it would be much easier to distribute that stuff in the continent . 
  the only advantage from europe 's point of view i can think of is that turkey is developing rather quickly and it would open new markets . 
  all in all , i do n't think turkey will become part of the eu in the next 20 years and personally i hope they wo n't . 
  well , fuck you too !, 
  and gir\u00f3-sz\u00e1sz :d, 
  i think it 's easier to organize migrants in large groups in uncontrolled territory to board a huge ship than transfer a relatively large number of them to cross a small river where strict border control is applied . 
  i could be wrong but we can react quickly when it happens . 
  well , if you look up some images of the drava , it 's not the biggest river for sure , but transporting a large number of people on it unnoticed for long does n't seem possible taking the circumstances into account . 
  actually we only set up a 41 km barbed wire on the croatian border . 
  with strict border control it is said to be enough to slow down intruders so that military personnel can arrest them while they are trying to pass . 
  edit : it 's also important to note that a long part of the croatian border is guarded by the river drava . 
  you send the afghans back to other countries , do n't you ? 
  15 % of the migrants are still pretty high in terms of the number of people . 
  nonetheless it seems a non-negligible part of immigrants are just like that . 
  the other day a group of 150-160 refugees were stopped in austria if i remember correctly , and about 30 of them were not syrians . 
   there was never such an invitation . 
  merkel said , we wo n't send back the ones that get here and we will treat them well . 
  well , if i were a middle eastern guy pondering immigration , after merkel 's statement i would think this : `` damn , if somehow i can conceal the fact that i 'm not syrian , i have a ticket to germany '' . 
  i usually do n't agree with orb\u00e1n , but he was right in this case . 
  the only mistake was the manner in which he communicated his opinion , although it was mostly for demonstrating power to his domestic voters rather than to foreign leaders . 
  he should have done things silently instead . 
  he had had so many pointless confrontations with other countries in recent years that foreign media and leaders attack him on every possible occasion . 
  reap what you sow , and leave us out of it , please ? 
   is there a feeling in hungary that the migrant crisis has been badly handled ? 
  of course there is . 
  there was a pro-migrant demonstration today , the liberal and leftist parties and media are constantly attacking the government for handling the crisis badly and with inhumane attitude , and the far-right criticizes them for not stopping the immigrants firmly on the borders . 
  meanwhile the government is telling that our policies are the best for the situation and soon we will become the role models for other countries in europe ( this is part of their usual rhetoric repertoire in many other topics as well ) . 
  so it 's pretty hectic as you can see . 
   it may be the time to stop arguing . 
  that 's one thing we can agree on . 
  i have n't said they do n't have other motives , but trying to be a moral superpower is a significant contributing factor in the issue . 
  and sadly political correctness is the string in our hand that usually strangles any meaningful discourse in this topic . 
  another motive is reversing demographic decrease . 
  this is possible by settling immigrants , but it comes with a high cost and future generations will have to pay the price . 
  also i have the right to state my opinion , and i do n't care whether you agree with it or not . 
  that 's a pretty one-sided opinion , blaming on the other side is the easiest and worst thing to do . 
  let 's say that both sides are at fault to an extent . 
  nevertheless , the results are the same , and you can hardly point out a well-integrated minority in the world with retained cultural roots . 
  in hungary nearly 30 % of the population lives under the poverty line , we ca n't even provide reasonable welfare for our own people . 
  if you go to britain for example , lower jobs like cashier in mcdonald 's are done by immigrants . 
  in my country , locals sweep the streets and take your garbage , and there 's no capacity in the job market to accommodate immigrants . 
  yes , as we can see in the cases of second and third generation turks in germany or arabs in france . 
  seemingly german politics is so influenced by the german ww ii genocide that they are dumbly overcompansating in a big way . 
  according to the news , the decision surprised even the closer colleagues of the minister and i have n't seen much details in the news either . 
  the main reason is probably the inapt handling of the migrant crisis . 
  it 's not known if the resignation was truly voluntary or orb\u00e1n called for it , as he controls virtually everything . 
  i suspect the latter because in hungary hardly anyone resignes , even in well-grounded cases of corruption or embezzlement . 
  \\ + the minister of defense resigned . 
  trying to make people look stupid for their opinions is not the most intelligent `` argument '' either , i hope you realize that . 
  that channel is blatantly biased , though their videos hold some truth . 
  he meant felony instead of crime . 
  i know , therefore she should go there and adopt a few of them . 
  edit : wait , others looked any of them in the eye ? 
  beside her telling harsh reality , germany is still one of the most pro-migrant country . 
  angela merkel should go and hug those poor immigrants . 
  they are like frightened little stray animals . 
  on monday here it rained more in 1 hour than it normally rains in a whole month , and then it continued to rain almost constantly until today .
