500 000 hungarians live in slovakia and very few slovaks live in hungary . 
  that 's the reason . 
  you have a twisted idea of democracy then . 
   so socialist domination is good , but fidesz ' domination is not . 
  who said that ? 
  because i surely did n't . 
  apparently you are completely narrow-minded and even more demagogue . 
  do you think that i like mszp just because i dislike fidesz ? 
  i dislike both . 
  not everything is black or white in this world , note that . 
  the more independent the national bank is the better it is for the country 's economy in the long run . 
  any kind of biased control over the national bank is bad . 
  the national bank should be independent from the government . 
   which they did n't had to pay at all if after their studies remained to work in hungary for a number of years . 
  check your facts , they would have had to pay it . 
   with higher education it never was the problem that poorer students did n't get a chance . 
  fidesz planned that approximately 10 000 students would have had full scolarship and more than 60 000 students would have had to pay some 80 000 huf per semester . 
  with the living expenses that 's a great burden for low-income families . 
  so why do n't you think that reduction of the socialist influence on the central bank is n't actually restoration of the democratic balance ? 
  if this means that fidesz will place the national bank completely under its control then my answer is no , it is not the restoration of the democratic balance . 
  and they are going to do it , without hesitation as they did with everything else . 
  i have always liked poland and i 'm somewhat aware of your situation . 
  the march on national independence day was a great example of what you said . 
  and you also have far-leftist groups which seem very aggressive too . 
  wales . 
  welsh are lovely chaps , i have to say . 
  i do compare it to others and that is the exact reason i am concerned . 
  sure others also have issues and do mistakes . 
  we do n't have to do them too . 
  learning from others means we avoid their mistakes and copy or even improve what they do well . 
  currently it seems , at least to me and `` people like me '' as you said , that we do n't even learn from our own mistakes . 
  does something become good just because there is worse than it ? 
  these fees are microeconomical . 
  what about investments ? 
  the government knows that a great amount of western capital leaves the country , that 's why they try to negotiate with countries like china , russia or azerbaijan . 
  i do n't know about you , but these countries do n't have too much appeal for me . 
  seemingly macroeconomically the country goes nowhere . 
  do you remember medgyessy 's 100-step program ? 
  it left money in the pockets of a lot of people . 
  did you like that ? 
  i did n't because it was n't backed by enough capital so its short-term effects were good for the people but in the long run it made damage to the economy . 
  as for the mandatory pe classes , i have an acquintance who teaches at an elementary school . 
  they have 24 classes ( 1-8 grades , a , b , c ) , thus 24 pe lessons is required a day . 
  there are a maximum of 7 lessons a day and the school only has one gym which means more than 3 pe lessons at one time . 
  usually two classes share the relatively small gym and the third is just take a walk outside because they have to do something . 
  this does n't seem like a well designed idea . 
  the debate about higher education is very complex , read up a bit on it if you are interested . 
  i think that some kind of fee is needed but it has to be more fair to families with lower income than the one fidesz planned . 
  the new tax system is good for my salary too . 
  but seemingly you only look at your pocket but economy is not just about individual persons ' pockets . 
  if you give people more money then you have to get that money from somewhere else . 
  transactional fees , telecommunication fees , removed money from higher education . 
  what about these for example ? 
  edit : and it 's not just economy . 
  they try to restrict democracy . 
  soon they will have the presidency of the national bank and the constitutional court and they have every position to dominate everything for years . 
  this is the most concerning to me . 
  this is not a healthy democracy anymore . 
  well , yes , i was trying to explain the situation for those who were interested . 
  i did n't mention socialism at all , actually i regard myself as a liberal rightist . 
  i admitted that i strongly dislike fidesz . 
  you are a good example for the instantly offensive and demagogue style of fidesz rhetorics . 
  edit : maybe you are not a fidesz voter , but you used similar techniques . 
  i did n't forget that , that 's why i mentioned both mszp and fidesz in my comment . 
  szdsz is not in the parliament now and is practically non-existent and it 's no use distinguishing kdnp from fidesz in my opinion because it makes the whole story too detailed for others . 
  we could mention mdf too but i think it 's also unnecessary as they met the same fate as szdsz . 
  but on the other hand a remarkable part of those who voted for fidesz says that they are disappointed . 
  so the majority is definitely pro-eu and sees that we can learn a lot from stronger countries about economy and democracy . 
  but a lot of people only need bread and circuses and now they think it 's mainly the eu 's and the imf 's fault that there 's less bread than before . 
  this is true to some extent . 
  but i think a lot of them would accept whatever pm orb\u00e1n says and now orb\u00e1n blames the eu . 
  another indicator of this whole process is that jobbik got 15-16 % in the 2010 elections . 
  the recession helped their success actually , great part of their voter base consists of relatively uneducated people who easily found a scapegoat in banks , corporations , minorities , foreigners or whatever they do n't consider as hungarian . 
  and the worst thing that happened in the last 10 years is that our society got divided by political parties . 
  for a lot of people it 's natural today to hate others because their political views are different . 
  it 's very sad to see this . 
  there are people ( mainly jobbik and fidesz voters ) who say if you vote for mszp or lmp then you are a communist , jewish or not a real hungarian . 
  others ( mszp and lmp voters mainly ) frown when they see people with hungarian flags saying they must be extreme nationalists . 
  well , it 's a long story . 
  after fidesz ( the current governing party ) lost the elections in 2006 they tried everything to weaken mszp ( the socialist party who ruled previously ) . 
  in 2006 a speech was recorded and leaked from mszp 's party congress where the pm said they had lied to their voters . 
  enourmous public outrage broke out , people put cars on fire , fought against the police . 
  this was a very good opportunity for fidesz to weaken mszp more and more , and mszp 's ruling was quite incompetent to begin with , and fidesz tried to oppose to everything mszp said . 
  in 2009 , pm gyurcs\u00e1ny resigned and bajnai became the new pm . 
  he was more like an economical expert than a politician , he started the reforms the eu was expecting and things were getting better compared to the first wave of the recession in 2008 . 
  in 2010 fidesz won 51 % of the votes in the elections which translates to 68 % of the seats in the parliament so they gained absolute majority . 
  i was concerned about their agressive past rhetorics but i thought they deserved a chance . 
  but to be honest , in retrospect i regard this past 2 years the worst since i follow politics ( late 90s ) . 
  fidesz wrote a new constitution without the consent of the rest . 
  they did many many things to cement their power . 
  they tried to restrict the press , control cultural life , they redesigned voting districts for their own benefit , they put their own loyal strawmen to almost every important position , almost every tender is won by firms related to the goverment and so on . 
  corruption got worse , as they do n't even try to conceal their ways doing it . 
  the minister of economics is simply a lunatic . 
  he is the most incompetent person in this position i have ever seen . 
  they call their methods `` unorthodox '' , they say they are `` writing the book of future economics '' and always go against the eu . 
  they say they are `` economical freedom fighters '' . 
  they changed almost every aspect of the economy without waiting for the effects of other changes . 
  and they communicate that things could n't be better , hungary will be an economical wonder in the near future . 
  meanwhile , every statistics shows that we are on the same level as we were in 2008 when the recession started . 
  the government said that in 2012 and 2013 the positive effects of their economical strategy could be clearly seen .
