  here 's a gallery , things were pretty chaotic : http://galeria.index.hu/belfold/2015/08/18/viz_ala_kerult_budapest/, 
  in hungarian it means `` duck-beaked mammal '' . 
  ( and hungary should be orange on the map , btw ), 
  it means `` do n't forget ( me ) '' but with different spelling . 
  the correct spelling for the phrase itself is `` ne felejts '' . 
  the pronunciation is the same for both . 
  donkeys in albania , nice !, 
   in hungarian , there 's a saying : `` he 's as drunk as an albanian donkey '' . 
  i would n't consider any countries with germanic languages to be southern european . 
  actually i ca n't think of anybody who 'd say austria or switzerland is in southern europe ( and hungarian people do n't think hungary is in southern europe for that matter ) . 
  i guess you 've got a norwegian point of view from your boyfriend , 
  sorry to say this , but i think less people think france is * that * awesome than you thought :p, 
  til : in estonia brown bread is considered to be the regular version of bread . 
  in hungary white bread is the standard . 
  if you make an image search for `` keny\u00e9r '' in google ( which means simply `` bread '' in hungarian ) , you 'll see white bread all over the place . 
  we also do n't have a separate word for brown bread , which is `` barna keny\u00e9r '' . 
  that 's true but the gap between a funeral march and a 10-line news article is rather significant . 
  i do n't say they should have done anything monumental and i understand the psychology behind the reactions of the charlie hebdou attack but still ... things like this make me wonder . 
  it 's pretty sad that there 's seemingly no news about this in the media . 
  europe and the western world in general like to give off the image that we care about the world . 
  yet when 150 innocent christians in kenya get killed by terrorists nobody really gives a damn , on the other hand when 10 french cartoonists are killed , world leaders hold a mourning march and facebook goes all je suis charlie and whatnot . 
  it 's pretty infuriating at times . 
   yes , totes my racist friend . 
  all those refugees totally were n't willing to work for a wage several magnitudes more than they would in their country . 
  they just came europe to mooch off of us hard working white people . 
  because they 're brown , you know ? 
  / s this was your first comment addressed to me . 
  here you said `` because they 're brown '' . 
  so long , kiddo . 
  sorry , that was a racist typo :p, 
  nobody talked about color before you , just saying . 
  yes , germany is better than hungary . 
  now what ? 
  look , let 's end this discussion , i 'm highly ashamed of myself that some social justice warrior bloke somewhere from germany called me racist  ) ) have a nice day , take care !, 
  it 's funny that if someone says something bad about white people it 's not racist but if the same is said about colored people then it automatically becomes racist . 
  no , it is still true , get over it . 
  you are making a foul out of yourself , 
  local people worked hard to earn the money that provides the aid for these asylum seekers and they frown upon it ? 
  then they should take the first ship home which hopefully wo n't sink and do whatever they want there . 
  period . 
  i say that refugees should accept and be thankful for the help they get and not being picky about their perceived options . 
  i did n't say anything racist in the first place . 
  i said not 100 % of them want to work hard , not that 0 % of them want to work , there 's a difference ( edit : and even the latter would n't be racist ) . 
  there are all kinds of people who flee from violence and war , and there are freeloaders , whether you like it or not . 
   how does that feel ? 
  could n't care less . 
  i guess he meant the eu would n't care if they rip their last cent off of everyone until the same price is applied to all vehicles regardless of country . 
  yes , you 're totally right . 
  hungarian people who went there are 100 % willing to work while the same ca n't be said about refugees . 
  but still we 're one of the beneficiaries of the system while basically we do n't have to deal with illegal immigrants at all as they only travel through hungary to more developed countries . 
  so i feel this can be interpreted as a `` look who 's talking '' situation to some extent . 
  they should be grateful they were able to escape from a shithole and show some humility . 
  he 's still more or less right ( except for the last bit ) , even if the wording is rude . 
  just because it 's politically incorrect it does n't mean it does n't hold any truth . 
  although it 's ironic a bit because what you said , and also poorer countries in the eu are not destinations for migrants because we ca n't provide enough welfare , so it 's not our problem directly . 
  in hungary the government played the anti-migration card ( however the main reason is they want to win voters from the far-rightist jobbik which is now the second strongest party by far ) while some 500 thousand of our people work in britain , most of whom have lowly jobs . 
  well , that could seem to be a complex question , i could mention the pressure from society etc. , but i think the main reason is that as people grow up and mature they pull back from their most radical ideas , keep some of them , acquire more mainstream views with which they blend their retained radical ideas . 
  what do you mean i believe ? 
  that anarchism is radical ? 
  i 've seen enough people with radical views in their late teens , early 20s who abandoned their views after they matured a bit . 
  those are the hopeless who never grow out of it . 
  no , all the others who are over 30 years old . 
  happy flag day from hungary . 
  my view on this is that while somalia is certainly not anarchist in the political or ideological sense , the current state of affairs there can be called anarchy in the general sense as there are no enforced laws and self-organized militias do whatever they want . 
  anyway , i oppose anarchism or communism in any sense . 
  anarchist state is an oxymoron . 
  go back to your textbooks ( or worse , wikipedia articles ) and polish your so called knowledge a bit more . 
  i find it amusing how these guys mostly have a solid middle-class background in one of the wealthiest countries in the world , still depend on their parents ' money , while they have never really experienced any hardships in life . 
   it is a pity that mszp ca n't clean its act up and that the opposition is so fragmented . 
  mszp should never return , or at least not until they are basically controlled by the same old commies ( ildik\u00f3 lendvai , l\u00e1szl\u00f3 kov\u00e1cs ) or their successors ( attila mesterh\u00e1zy ) . 
  we need new faces who wo n't disregard long-term economical and social interests for short-term political benefits in the first place , who are only corrupt to a reasonable extent and pro-eu of course . 
  this new generation is not going to come any time soon unfortunately , young politicians are spineless like gergely guly\u00e1s or m\u00e1t\u00e9 kocsis , who are the best pupils of the current elite . 
  ministry of blaming others for our own mistakes . 
  orb\u00e1n brought up this topic along with his anti-immigrant sentiments because he realized jobbik had become a realistic political threat to fidesz and he would like to pull as many voters from the far-right as he can . 
  10 years from now these kids will be sitting in an office while not giving a single fuck about anarchy . 
  orb\u00e1n is going to win the 2018 elections , too . 
  and i 'm afraid the far-rightist jobbik will win the first elections where fidesz will fail . 
  and quasimodo was the gypsy baby who had been left in esmeralda 's cradle . 
  i do n't really understand this reasoning . 
  `` 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants commit terrorist attacks '' sounds worse to me because they ca n't be kept out of the country as the current immigrants , and one day all of the current immigrants ' children and grandchildren will be 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants . 
  wow , great , let them in !, 
   the eastern bloc is the group of countries on the soviet side of the cold war . 
  to put it more precisely : the group of countries who signed the warsaw pact . 
  ~ ~ although if i think about it , most people i know would consider yugoslavia as part of the eastern bloc . ~ ~ ok , i asked a few people and they did n't consider it as part of the eastern bloc . 
  also travelling to yugoslavia had the same strict conditions as travelling to western countries . 
  yeah , because irish history is full of happiness and you have been always living in national , territorial and religious unity ... oh , wait ... 
  no , we celebrate all saints ' day where people visit the graves of their dead relatives . 
  some younger people put on costumes and have a party on 31st october and many nightclubs organize halloween parties . 
  some others look down upon them mainly because halloween is a joyful festivity which is commercial and has no cultural roots in hungary , while all saints ' day is an introspective commemoration where you give respect to those who are dear to you and had passed away . 
  tumblr . 
  sometimes they ask for it . 
  i travelled from budapest to dublin through eindhoven a month ago and they only asked for my id card in eindhoven on my way to ireland . 
  szombat : from sabbath , but sabbath in hungarian is actually s\u00e1b\u00e1t i guess ( ? ), 
  edit : other fun facts : h\u00e9t means seven , and it means week as well , for obvious reasons . 
  nap means sun as well . 
  i do n't consider it europe since it 's been in turkish hands . 
  the one where i tried to convince your mother to have an abortion . 
  you were the one who provoked first . 
  do n't play the smart one . 
  you 'll still rot in your shithole ,
