  they probably consulted wikipedia before voting . 
  this `` trend '' needs to stop before it gets out of control . 
  france , always first to pull out . 
  does that mean that ukraine , moldova , georgia and azerbaijan will join eu bulrom style ? 
  what the hell is going on , i went to sleep last night and apparently internet has exploded in the meantime , imgur is flooded with auto-generated comments and now r/eur \u043e\u043f\u0435 \u0445\u0430\u0441 \u0433\u043e\u043d\u0435 \u043c\u0430\u0434 . 
  it 's exactly the same in serbia . 
  can we join instead of them ? 
  numerous migrants already cross from bulgaria to serbia , it 's been going on for months now . 
  in july the mayor of serbian border town of zaje\u010dar said that they have been overwhelmed , lack facilities , and are running out of medical supplies . 
  at that time around 600 people crossed that part of the border daily . 
  your parents are full of shit . 
  few years ago i 've read an interesting okcupid study that said that around 80 % of bisexuals are only interested in one gender or something like that . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://blog.okcupid.com/index.php/the-biggest-lies-in-online-dating/ )  okcupid is a gay - and bi-friendly place and it 's not our intention here to call into question anyone 's sexual identity . 
  but when we looked into messaging trends by sexuality , we were very surprised at what we found . 
  people who describe themselves as bisexual overwhelmingly message either one sex or the other , not both as you might expect . 
  site-wide , here 's how it [ breaks out ] ( http://cdn.okcimg.com/blog/lies/whobisexualsmessagepie2.png ) :  this suggests that bisexuality is often either a hedge for gay people or a label adopted by straights to appear more sexually adventurous to their ( straight ) matches . 
  you can actually see these trends in action in the chart below . 
   again , this is just the data we 've collected . 
  we 'd be very interested in our bisexual users ' thoughts on this single-sex-messaging phenomenon , so if you 'd like to weigh-in please use the comments section . 
  please note , everybody , that we do n't assume that bis should be `` into both genders equally . '' we only assume that they should be into both genders at all . 
  the swaths of red and blue that you see in these sexuality charts represent people who message only one gender . 
  the purple areas are people who send any messages , in whatever proportion , to both men and women . 
   [ in this chart ] ( http://cdn.okcimg.com/blog/lies/bimenmessaging.png ) , throughout the teens and twenties , the male bisexual population is mostly observably gay men . 
  by the mid-thirties , it seems , most of these men are more comfortable self-identifying as gay and have left the bi population . 
  by the end of our chart , 3 of every 4 bi males on okcupid are observably straight . 
  meanwhile , the proportion of men who message both women and other men holds fairly steady . 
   [ the proportions for women are more consistent over time ] ( http://cdn.okcimg.com/blog/lies/biwomenmessaging.png ) :  12 % of women under 35 on okcupid ( and the internet in general , i 'd wager ) self-identify as bi . 
  however , as you can see above , only about 1 in 4 of those women is actually into both guys and girls at the same time . 
  i know this will come as a big letdown to the straight male browsing population : three-fourths of your fantasies are , in fact , fantasies of a fantasy . 
  like bi men , most bi women are , for whatever reason , not observably bi . 
  the primacy of america 's most popular threesome , two dudes and an xbox , is safe . 
   a civil war ... is bad , but it is becoming more and more likely with each passing day . 
  but why ? 
  what purpose would that civil war have ? 
  just ousting putin ? 
  changing russian political , social or economic structure ? 
  reforming russia as something else ? 
  or maybe total dissolution of russia ? 
  is separatism in russia and among russians really that big , are siberians gon na start attacking federal army any time now ? 
  i generally do n't understand why would civil war happen in russia . 
  i can see some separatist war happening in fringe areas , like in chechnyia , but certainly nothing on large scale ... or maybe i 'm wrong , i do n't know much ( anything tbh ) about russian inner politics and power dynamics . 
  it was broadcasted sometimes in the late 90 's on the bk tv . 
  here 's the [ intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugbbsiumtgk ), 
  america , obviously . 
  we devour hamburgers , have gun fetish , worship a worthless bird , constantly harp about freedom and invade kebab every now and then , our northern neighbors are autistic , southern are organ and drug traffickers and we have a big western frontier inhabited by hostile ~ ~ sav ~ ~ natives . 
  10/11 should be best friends . 
  yeah man , there 's no future here . 
  shame really , as the balkans are geographically prettiest area of the europe . 
  20 years ago croatia committed ethnic cleansing of its native serb population . 
  ever since they are celebrating the event as their national day . 
  this year they planned this big ass military parade , but nobody important decided to participate , so they went full fuck serbia mode , because they believe serbia somehow `` persuaded '' everyone from politely blowing croatia off . 
  in return serbia , currently being ruled by morons , decided to go full fuck croatia mode , so this last few days everyone is , like sooooo sad , politicians are saying big words , vigils are being held at churches and other religious sites and morons are arguing on the internet . 
  somehow , dozen supporters of the far right party that did n't receive enough support to even enter the parliament in the last elections set croatian flag on fire ... 
  no , sorry , you 're right . 
  practically all of them do . 
  it 's just that they consider montenegrin identity as a regional identity and as such as a part of wider serbian identity , while ethnic montenegrins consider montenegrin identity separate from serbian . 
  they are not rejecting it , at all . 
  to be perfectly honest most of those serbs consider themselves first and foremost as montengrins , and only then as serbs . 
  nope , you touched it last !, 
  i jokingly wrote ancient , the prophecy is from late 19th century . 
  we have a morava river too . 
  it is considered as a national river by some . 
  if hungarians think that orban is total and utter moron , let me just say that it can be worse . 
  serbian president said this to the chinese pm : `` there 's an ancient serbian prophecy : men will come from the east , yellow men , they will rule the world and drink water from the morava river '' i 'm not joking . 
  i guess he was giving the estimated number for the entire year . 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
  serbia is being hit really hard and our government just does n't know how to deal with the issue . 
  serbian , german and hungarian police are jointly patrolling the southern border , but influx of immigrants is just sooo massive that our police is pretty much overwhelmed . 
  serbia has around 25000 policemen in the entire country . 
  around 38000 migrants applied for asylum in serbia in the first half of 2015 . 
  those 38000 were caught by the police ( they apply for the asylum in order to buy time , nobody wants to stay here ) . 
  now imagine how many actually managed to escape undetected ( majority of them ) . 
  i watched some hungarian dude on tv yesterday and he said that around 160000 migrants entered hungary this year , 80k from serbia and 80k from romania . 
  those numbers are huge . 
  actually that makes it look more american , thanks to the heavy influence of art deco ( empire state building and chrysler building for example ) on stalinist architecture . 
  what countries supported serbs ? 
  russia was one of first to sign sanctions against us in the un and to stop any weapons , arms and spare parts delivery to our forces . 
  so tell me , please , what other countries supported serbs during that time ? 
  and show evidence , without hurr durr russia serbia orthodox plox ... 
   debatable . 
  especially by serbs who 's families were killed or attacked by `` hero '' chetniks for being communists . 
  chetniks were n't really unified or organized , various factions fought against various enemies for various reasons . 
  some were guided by ideology , others by religion , some by who-knows-what ... you can find it in the name , \u010detnik literally means squaddie ( \u010deta - squad ) and were usually poorly organized independent locals led by former army officers or warrior priests ( the last part in herzegovina and montenegro ) , without some form of higher unified chain of command . 
  aww , they 're trying , how cute ... 
  it should n't . 
  well , at least we have enough class not to celebrate our war crimes . 
  average wage in serbia , in [ may 2015 ] ( http://www.paragraf.rs/statistika/01_stat.htm ) , before taxes was 60.487 rsd ( 503.14 euros ) , with taxes 43.964 rsd ( 365.70 euros ) , median 52228,5 rsd ( 434.44 euros ) . 
  oasis of peace and stability and key anti-radiation medicine producer in what was formerly known as an eurasia , now known as radiation zone e and radiation zone r , respectively . 
  that 's not what i meant and you know it . 
  i do n't know , but enjoy all serbian export and import being rerouted through croatia and slovenia . 
  dude , what ? 
  what do montenegrins have to do with anything ? 
  i mean , i 'm not crazy about them myself , but jesus christ ... [ you are advocating ethnic cleansing of montenegrins because hungarians want to close the border with serbia so that afghanistani , syrian and albanian migrants could n't go to the eu ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2727748211/c3d0981ae770f926eedf4eda7505b006.jpeg ), 
  in first picture , he looks like he just noticed blood in his stool . 
  did n't he say few days ago that serbia does n't need german money , but german expertise and that serbia will build some 10km ( lol ) of highway with our own money this year ? 
  my post is not about the red army or soviets , but about whermacht and current historical revisionism regarding them as some honorable white knights , innocent bystanders who just fought for their country , tragic figures that were suddenly and without their will thrown into a hell of the world war ii , brave heroes who actually sacrificed themselves to save yurop from j\u00e6ws of judeo-bolsehvism ... : puke :, 
   `` they '' who ? 
  what , you want me to give you names and addresses ? 
   it was only a small fraction of all the combined armed forces that participated in organized war crimes . 
  armies have more important things to do during the war .
