i 'm kinda happy this new fad of setting oneself on fire did n't reach serbia ... yet . 
  that croatian dude last week , now this woman . 
  i think some bulgarian dude set himself on fire last year too - must be something in the air . 
  crazy . 
  well , you know as they say - nomen est omen . 
  it is called eu strategy for adriatic and ionian region , not eu strategy for adriatic plus serbia and ionian region . 
  why is serbia part of the adriatic region ? 
  all rivers in serbia ( excluding kosovo ) belong to the black sea drainage basin . 
  officially evro , unofficially jebemmumateropetraste . 
  ooh , ooh , change it to fuck , kill , marry . 
  i will save some time and not use that ( frankly shitty ) map . 
  so , fuck all , marry a nice local girl , kill nobody because that 's how i roll . 
  culturally , a lot of `` new '' eu members ( and eu hopefuls like ukraine , georgia etc ) are closer to russia than serbia is or has ever been . 
  he 's swinging his massive balls . 
  it is highest form of greeting in the balkans , because big balls show virility and health . 
  no homo . 
  [ related ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a ), 
  alexander in macedonia , who would 've thought . 
  from vladivostok to azores . 
  ( well , technically from bering sea to azores , but this is more poetic . ), 
  i 'm sorry that your gender identity is such an issue for some of my compatriots and i hope that next time you visit belgrade it is on much friendlier terms . 
  i can confirm - it is true , armored limousines transport passengers from the airport to the city and females are forbidden from wearing skirts . 
  norway , a non-eu member is asking the eu to sanction an eu member state ? 
  what kind of military help does ukraine require ? 
  do they need manpower or equipment or maybe something else ? 
  i 'm generally confused as just a quick look at the wiki page of ukr forces says that they have around 2500 tanks and shitload of other stuff ( 5000 various pieces of apcs and ifvs , 1000s of various self propelled arty pieces , 100s of various ground attack airplanes ... ) that 's far from small and insignificant . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  british and french declaration of war on germany is the direct result of german invasion of poland . 
  wwii in europe started because allies did n't sit and watch poland being devoured - in a matter of days british started attacking german ships and french attempted ( poorly done ) offensive into germany . 
  our educational system considers people who did n't finish elementary school as illiterate , despite the fact that they , indeed , can write and read , so technically in serbia eminem would be considered illiterate . 
  on the other hand , wikipedia article you grabbed that info from only considers illiterate those that actually ca n't write and or read . 
  serbia [ skull tower ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skull_tower ) - unique landmark that can be built only once , on a territory of a conquered city and on a hex where serbian great general was destroyed . 
  +5 culture and 1 artifact slot . 
  well , at least this one is pronounceable . 
  good luck with that . 
  hmm , if i calculated correctly it has been 13 years , 2 months and 13 days for us . 
  different kinds of dough and stuffing . 
  burek dough tends to be hard and fatty , while gibanica tends to be soft and mushy . 
  in serbia gibanica is made exclusively with kajmak , while burek is made with pretty much everything else . 
  cheese , meat , potatoes , cabbage , onions , mushrooms , apples , cinnamon , chocolate ... 
  there 's also the third option - pita , which is something like a burek , but also different in its own way . 
  in serbia burek and gibanica are two completely different dishes . 
  according to our pm there are dozens of serbs fighting in the ukraine , half of them for the ukraine and other half for the dnr . 
  in 99 % they are mercenaries fighting for the wage of 6500 usd or 2100 usd , depending on the side . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.b92.net/video/vesti.php?yyyy=2014&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=12&amp;nav_id=887549 ) ( in serbian ) so there 's that . 
  please do n't be yugo , please do n't be yugo , please ... yugo florida . 
  dammit . 
  you can see inbred in that habsburg fella . 
  when i was in elementary school , my geography professor told us that after warsaw was destroyed poles rebuilt it exactly the same , up to the last brick and that we ( serbs ) should learn from them ( poles ) because , she said , our cities were double fucked - by the war and by the communists after the war . 
  of course she did n't say fucked , but you get the gist of it . 
  heavenly people is the proper translation . 
  ( if you are not a serb do n't read this , shoo you have been warned by the centralna otad\u017ebinska uprava for giving away our national secrets , they must n't know that we are actually hawkmen and that we are just waiting for the return of our glorious prince vultan before we can strike again ), 
  maybe we should wait for the official confirmation before jumping to the conclusions . 
  i 've seen quite a lot of `` maybe '' , `` consider '' , `` apparently '' and similar vague click-bait titles regarding the eu-russia relations in last few months that turned out not to be true . 
  that 's what weed will do to ya kids . 
  you go to war and when you return 335 years later you are carrying a bag of chips and a stapler . 
  why a stapler ? 
  who knows , but you feel that that stapler is somehow important . 
  also , it smells weird . 
  well , that explains a lot . 
  water and air should be state owned . 
  energy , mining , oil and gas resources should be mixed between state and private companies with heavy state regulations in order to protect environment and landscape . 
  hi , few posts down i mentioned caucasus as one of the regions i like and i 'd like to visit and get to know better :p it 's bit broad category but i did mention yerevan . 
  oh boy , something tells me i 'm not gon na like this discussion . 
  hmm , dunno , i do n't really like europe , but i was always kinda mystified about caucasus and baltic states . 
  judging by the pictures tallinn , tbilisi , yerevan , riga and vilnius look really nice and picturesque . 
  baku has more of the central asian vibe , but as i 've never been there i 'm maybe wrong , all in all would like to visit all of these places and see for myself . 
  oh , i understand the military need for germany to occupy belgium and that is not a problem i 'm referring to , what i 'm referring to is so called `` the rape of belgium '' . 
  i do n't want to link to the wiki article because of the autobot , but feel free to go check it yourself . 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
  i thought wehrmacht is just historical default name for german army . 
  yes , i 'm aware . 
  well , i believe it is quite clear who was worse , after all majority of german civilians managed to avoid death and destruction and remained untouched by the war . 
  at that scale - yes . 
  what did belgium do to deserve being obliterated by germany ? 
  i really dislike this current narrative of german apologism . 
  yes , not all of german soldiers were bloodthirsty maniacs , but let 's not forget that wh was far from `` honorable organization that 's fighting for its country '' some people are trying to paint them today . 
  majority of german war crimes were committed by german army and ordinary soldiers - killing of surrendering soldiers , punishing expeditions , ethnic cleansing , scorched earth policy , mass rapes etc. . . and even if some soldiers were decent human being ( and most certainly some were ) they were fighting for ideals of racism , ethnic cleansing , slavery , mass rapes etc. . . 
  and then milo\u0161evi\u0107 proclaimes himself the emperor of the serbs and the greeks in the skopje and then he invades the turkey and conquers the carigrad ( goddamn right it 's the carigrad ) and few decades later the whole world rejoices as victorious serbian army proudly parades on the times square , or should i say vremenski trg !, 
  mwhahahahaha , world domination achieved . 
  seriously , the thing you wrote just means you lack any understanding of the event that transpired in the balkans 20 years ago . 
  i really wonder , where do people get ideas that serbia was a russian client state ? 
  people in this part of the world suffer from massive inferiority complex , so everything and everyone even marginally western  locals . 
  spanish republic flag without heraldry is sleek , elegant and easily recognizable . 
  just wait till ef and gh get their trial . 
  in short : 1 . 
  fuck everyone 3 . 
  fuck china, 
  i really hope that britain wo n't leave the eu . 
  sadly , currently they are the only significant eurosceptic nation in the union and with their departure eu will slide heavily towards federalization and eventually towards european superstate , which i am not certain is the best outcome for the european continent . 
  good question that i do n't have an answer to !, 
  it 's not bad , but i guess it is worse than in eu countries . 
  yugoslavia lost around 10 % of its prewar population . 
  i know that yugoslavia-related issues are usually a pile of shit that people avoid like a plague , but it is not like it did n't exist and everything was fine there during the war either . 
  our lesbian won in 2007 and nobody complained , now some bearded austrian chick-dude won and everybody lost their minds ... 
  not really , no . 
  serbs are fond of russia because of ethno-religious similarities and generally positive impact russia has had on serbia during history , not on any current tangible economical , political or military ties moscow has with belgrade . 
  i hate to repeat myself but belgrade and moscow are n't `` allied '' in since 1948 . 
  ** serbia ** we know they exist , but we do n't feel anything particularly negative or positive about them . 
  like , we know there 's a polish country somewhere up there but ... meh .
