   besides , none of that disproves that they were n't just ordinary people doing what they 're told . 
  soldiers do n't think for themselves , if they 're told to shoot civilians , they will shoot civilians . 
  that 's not the excuse . 
  yes , german soldiers ( as everyone else in germany ) were ordinary people , that 's what makes their crimes inexcusable . 
  they were not some vile goo from some other dimension hellbent on absorbing as much souls as possible to feed their supreme leader blaurgh so that he would n't stop their sun from rising . 
  they were humans with their own will and hopes and dreams and they made conscientious decision to participate in the war crimes . 
  and yes , by they i mean most of the whermacht . 
  and even those that did n't actively participate in war crimes were well aware , maybe not the scale , but certainly the fact that war crimes did happen . 
  once again , german soldiers were n't innocent bystanders . 
  also , wars are mostly boring . 
  soldiers , even in modern `` mobile '' wars , for most part just sit on their arses bored to tears . 
  they knew about it and they actively participated . 
  majority of war crimes committed early in the war were committed by the army units and not the ss . 
  from killing pow 's , guarding extermination camps , massive rape , intentionally targeting civilians in terror campaigns , hunting and killing jews and people who helped them , mass executions of civilians who were suspected of supporting resistance movements ... before extermination camps were up and running at full capacity , whermacht units were used to round up and kill jews and other undesirables in mass executions ... 
  idea that german army was some innocent bystander that just did vat it vaz told , ja , was conceived by german generals after the war who tried to shift the blame from the german army ( and german people by extension ) to hitler and the ss . 
  because of historical reasons and lack of information from the soviet union and other communist countries ( where majority of war crimes did happen ) , people fell for this and even now people will often repeat this not true , tiresome and frankly to the victims insulting mantra . 
  my guess is that most important event in history of every country is the moment that country was created . 
  you mean ljebensraum ? 
  german memo handed out to wehrmacht soldiers on the slavs during ww2 : kill , rape , pillage no one gives a shit , lol , ubermensch strong . 
  i picked finland because it is far from serbia , i could 've written poland , ireland , portugal ... just as well . 
  i never visited any of those countries . 
   so , what is for you to be european . 
  do you identify with it at all ? 
  for me , being european is purely geographical thing and i identify with it only in the widest term . 
  in the same way a japanese , pakistani and israeli can be considered asian . 
  i feel that i would suffer equal cultural shock in , for example , finland as i would in egypt and thus i do n't buy this idea of `` europeaness '' . 
  when people need to go 3000 years in the past to rummage through the carcasses of the long dead empires in order to find some pathetic excuse that should convince `` us '' to embrace this new identity ... 
  i think maybe we should call it a day . 
   can you imagine to reduce one day the official language to one , for exemple english even if you like your national language more ( i mean , it is the easiest , why not ? ), 
  i would n't be surprised if english become co-official language of the european countries sometime in the future and then to slowly take over local languages . 
  this would probably first happen in germanic countries , but would certainly spread east and south too , just bit slower . 
  answer to other questions is no . 
  number of serbs in croatia in 1948 - 543,795 ( 14.5 % ) ; in 1991 - 581,663 ( 12.2 % ) ; in 2011 - 186,6337 ( 4.36 % ) . 
  serbs did n't `` come '' to croatia during yugoslavia , they lived there for centuries , heck , most of them were just descendants of locals who converted to orthodoxy . 
  poor people who survived hungarians , ottomans , austrians , french and nazis , but they could n't survive when their catholic neighbors and `` brothers '' came to power ... 
  pathetic and disgusting . 
  united in diversity , behind the wall . 
  because we do n't shit over their monuments , attack their sportsmen and do n't feel happy when something bad happens to them we are like totally little russians , dude . 
  because rabbidly hating a nation that did n't do anything particularly bad to us would be considered reasonable by / r/europe, 
  neither . 
  they are n't particularly good looking or good , but they are n't all that bad either . 
  overall , for a car that was conceived in late 70 's it was alright , it just overstayed its welcome by two decades . 
  there are more croats in serbia than serbs in slovenia . 
  psa : play [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrgrok8ozg8 ) in background while reading, 
  they hate us 'cause they ai n't us !, 
  unbelievably pessimistic . 
   [ google doodle of the day ] ( https://www.google.bg/?doodle=18509662&amp;hl=bg&amp;gws_rd=ssl&amp;nord=1 ) they did same animation for [ serbia ] ( http://www.google.com/doodles/serbia-national-day-2015 ) , [ bosnia ] ( http://www.google.com/doodles/bosnia-herzegovina-independence-day-2015 ) and [ sri lanka ] ( http://www.google.com/doodles/sri-lanka-national-day-2015 ), 
  well , if couple thousand syrians are enough to utterly destroy `` the culture '' of your nation then `` the culture '' of your nation is shit and not worth preserving or defending . 
  because it was built en masse and it would be too expensive and time consuming to burn it all down to the ground and build something more aesthetically pleasing and functional in its place . 
  that 's like telling an ugly girl that she has a `` wonderful personality '' . 
  hans fischer looks like breznev . 
  not even montenegro . 
  i think that my first post was fairly clear , but just in case you have any further conundrums - the answer is no . 
  those damned serbs and their sneaky byzantine ways !, 
  tried that , did n't work out ... so in short - no . 
  first sentence :  france demands that russia halt airstrikes on syrian civilians . 
  bloody russians , spreading terror and attacking civilians ... they are literally air isis / s, 
  \u0160e\u0161elj , mladi\u0107 and dra\u0161kovi\u0107 are also from herzegovina . 
  must be something in the air . 
  to be fair , you guys also championed the entire `` effort '' during the 90 's . 
  do n't let your mom near you , i repeat , do n't let your mom near you !, 
  yugoslavia was shitty , brutal communist dictatorship , only reason people consider ( ed ) yugoslavia `` better '' than other communists countries is because for yugoslavs , jeans were n't luxury . 
  yugoslavs stole land from private owners , had `` re-education '' and forced labor camps , press was heavily controlled , secret police murdered dissidents and `` enemies of the state '' left and right and the entire shitepile was ruled by the ego-maniacal , mass murdering pedophile . 
  fuck that country and everything it represents . 
  fly , you fools !, 
  phew , at least that croatian journalist survived interview with milo . 
  i bet he was sweating the whole time thinking `` please do n't kill me after the interview , i have wife and family and an old , sick mom , please do n't kill meeeee ! '', 
  apart from a vague geographical term , nothing what-so-ever . 
  cool , i like panoramas !, 
  similar thing for [ belgrade ] ( http://www.rollmaps.com/upload/images/360/kalemegdan.html ) , serbia . 
  because they have . 
  our government decided that the best way to handle this issue is to give everyone a temporary visa , which allows migrants to spend three days in serbia and gives them right to use public transportation . 
  so , they could walk from pre\u0161evo to hungarian border during hottest summer ever recorded in serbia , or they could sit in a nice , comfy buss with air-conditioning and free wi-fi in exchange for their id 's and fingerprints . 
  the title is misleading . 
  their old church was damaged during a storm , so serbian orthodox church wants to demolish it and build another one in its place ( probably in faux historical byzantine style that 's so popular right now ) . 
  the locals want just their old modest church rebuilt . 
  essentially , this is the plot to every feelgood teen `` save our old stadium/community center/shelter ... '' 90s movie ever . 
   i find it odd that they went after the front and al-nustra al-nustra is pretty much diet isis, 
  sometimes i get the feeling refugee crisis is happening somewhere else . 
  `` now emphasize '', 
  well , our history with austria is very complicated , but ultimately austrians were our main `` ally '' during most of our history , if we do n't count last 100 years . 
  russia only came into play after 1903 . when austrian puppet was murdered and replaced by before mentioned french artillery captain . 
  idk , although people liked britain and the us until 90 's , historically france was always seen as our main ally in the europe . 
  maybe because french artillery captain was our king for some time ... 
  we do n't have an ally atm , historically russia and france . 
  mwhahaha , watch out europe , we 're taking your jobs and women !, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afw8e-abva8 ) you can see raw , uncut footage of the croatian government and the army preparing for the war . 
  i think he was last president of yugoslavia . 
  i just hope milo ends up in a jail soon . 
   all you need is a common language . 
  it instantly brings two different nations together . 
  yeah , about that ... 
  in his case tho , the music called turbo folk originates from roma and muslim influences and is actually fairly modern invention that came into existence in the 80 's . 
  first time i saw a bar on a cross was in the europa universalis . 
  after that i started paying attention and although occasionally there would be a wild bar here and there , the vast majority of serbian orthodox crosses look like the one on the upper picture . 
  you are just jelly we like germans more . 
  i think he 's for self rule . 
  ** cocks revolver *, 
  why would germany need power projection ? 
  well , to be fair croatia lost its collective shit over a candy bar just few months ago , so ...
