  just got ta keep going , making things better , bit by bit . 
  -- edit : the italian situation is indeed a bit f 'd up . 
  the problem there i would say is one of the balance of power . 
  italy has been in the eu since day one ( technically the predecessor of the eu , the ecsc ) . 
  therefore the eu never had any sort of leverage to force italy to implement reforms in exchange for accession . 
  italy is also a net contributor , so again no real leverage there . 
   no , i am sorry , we have the proof that it does n't work . 
  if , being in the eu for decades and receive money made you a contributing member why is greece , spain and portugal still on the receiving end ? 
  by the very nature of any union there will always be net contributors and recipients . 
  take a look at your own country , swedes living in stockholm are net contributors to the swedish state and those in lapland net recipients . 
   furthermore , if the eu worked against corruption , why is greece and italy still so corrupt ? 
  because problems worth solving are almost always difficult . 
  the red cross fights for world peace , but surely you would not argue that the red cross has done no good simply because there is no world peace ? 
   unless the eu change things drastically the eu is changing quite drastically . 
  in the past decade and a half we 've had the lisbon treaty ( giving greater power to parliament ) , the union has been enlarged by about a 100 million people , we 've introduced a common currency and ( just recently ) a banking union . 
  if we keep going at this rate the eu will be an inter galactic civilization by the year 2200 . 
  political capital is a finite commodity . 
  if this was 2002 brussels would have gone postal ( i.e. 
  write a really strongly worded letter ) on hungary a long time ago . 
  but we have a rather nasty financial crisis to deal and actual nazis in greece instead of the wannabe hungarian ones . 
  so hungary will have to wait until the financial crisis is overcome , or until fidesz changes it 's logo to a faux swastika ( like golden dawn ) . 
  i have drunk the blue kool-aid . 
  i voted for the eu constitution , i 've always voted alde , i 'm a hardcore neoliberal , i 'm in favor of ttip , i strongly prefer representative over direct democracy ( i wish d66 would see the light on this one ) , i want turkey in ( but not right now ) , pro immigration etc. 
  the things i ca n't stand about the current eu are mainly it 's slowness , lack of ambition ( we should have had eurobonds in 2010 ) , gmo hysteria and the cap backwardness . 
  i do n't expect to change any minds here , so i 'll stick to the incidental fact checking . 
  the reason we are so low on the list is because the netherlands is the country with the highest percentage of part-time workers in the world ( check again with the oecd ) . 
  so you ca n't make a perfect comparison , but it should be clear that we are not paying for people who `` work less '' than we do . 
  your other arguments are factually defensible , though i do n't find them convincing . 
  but i 'm always happy to disagree , so long as the arguments are correct . 
   2500 billion euros that needs to be injected into ukraine if you give me a source for that number i 'll blow every heroin addict in amsterdam and vote no on the referendum . 
  2500 billion euro is almost 35x ukraine 's gdp . 
   countries with citicens that work less hours a week than we do . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's like needing to pay for countries who are further below sea level than we are . 
  the average dutchman works fewer hours than almost anyone in the world . 
  read up on the [ oecd statistics ] ( https://data.oecd.org/emp/hours-worked.htm#indicator-chart ) if you 're interested in the numbers . 
   the problem is the extra privilege of asking to be compensated for future revenue . 
  this is n't an extra privilege , it 's basic accounting and it applies to everyone . 
  current market value of assets incorporate expected future earnings . 
  if you own a 50 % bond and the government expropriates it at face value , you can sue and you will win . 
   if your hose is expropriated you get the current marked value housing prices also factor in expected future revenue . 
  housing prices are directly correlated to rental demand . 
  common sense dictates no one will sell a house for $ 100,000 if they can rent it out for $ 50,000 a year . 
   how does 500 million ( or 1.5 billion ) turn in to 4 billion ? 
  the price of gold has tripled since 2000 , the initial 500 million investment was made under substantial risk which presumably bore out in the companies favour . 
  romania sold them a winning lottery ticket and now you want to compensate the mining company at face value . 
  i very much doubt you would consider the same offer `` fair '' if the mine had turned out to be worthless . 
  smoking a pack a day * may * give you health issues , millions have smoked more than that without adverse consequences . 
  additionally consider the situation of a suicidal smoker who lights up whenever she feels the need to kill herself , it could be argued her health is improved by smoking . 
  in the end this entire argument is beside the point , because there is a far simpler way to make people bear the cost of their unhealthy behaviour . 
  adding a [ sin tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sin_tax ) to unhealthy products ( cigarettes , alcohol , candy , gambling etc. ), 
  spreads the cost around fairly without the need for health insurers to violate their customers privacy . 
  the number of european cities on the list is purely a function of the city selection criteria . 
  the smallest municipality in the netherlands has a better cycling infrastructure than almost all cities outside of the netherlands and denmark . 
  fyi that municipality is schiermonnikoog , an island where cars are not allowed and all transport takes place on foot or bicycle . 
   if the goal is to reduce corruption , then you do n't need to jail people i 'm not well read in the corruption literate , but i do believe the consensus is that the only way out is multi generational institutional trust building . 
  this would support your idea that you do n't `` need to jail people '' ( though it could n't hurt ) , but should focus on education , naming and shaming . 
  few countries however have managed to get an anti-corruption campaign going on the scale romania has , unless it was forced on them ( i.e. 
  the breaking of the zaibatsus in japan ) . 
  it 's unlikely the campaign will end corruption overnight , but it can only do good and has next to no social cost . 
  so by all means romania should continue , maybe they 'll get lucky and be the first to show you can end corruption within a decade . 
  -- p.s. 
  this is a reply to the the a * hole who deleted his comment before i could post this, 
  you 've made the mistaken assumption that just because it 's written down , it has to make sense . 
  in my experience day trading is an activity with huge appeal for those without decent economic or statistical education . 
  the incentives are even worse for those writing about day trading , because if you have a `` wining '' strategy you keep your mouth shut . 
  consequently many of those writing about day trading are either fraudsters or expert self-deceivers ( who occasionally win big , but average out to a loss ) . 
  i ca n't definitively categorize the author of your article , but i suggest you google the company he is associated with . 
  the upside to small poor member states is their limited exposure . 
  bosnia is too small ( 3.8 million ) and too poor ( nominal per capita gdp of $ 4,600 ) to pose any real risk to the eu if it collapses . 
  if grexit happens the eu is out only ~ 200 billion euro , substantial but only ~ 1.5 % of eu gdp . 
  should be no more than a 10th of that ( approx 1/3 the pop and per capita gdp of greece ) . 
  i believe the upside to bosnian membership more than balances out the risk : * bosnian membership should be an economic boost for croatia , slovenia and italy * it 's another step in reintegrating former yugoslavia . 
  bringing together arch rivals like france and germany after ww2 might be seen as an exception , a repeat performance will solidify it as a rule . 
  * the eu will gain a progressive muslim member state . 
  this means turkey will no longer get to claim racism when the eu is unimpressed by their limited political reforms . 
  euromaidan started the very day that yanukovich announced he was n't going to sign the treaty , check the dates . 
  you could stop being an entrepreneur in 10yrs and sell the solar panels to yourself at a significantly deprecated rate . 
  but that would indeed be quite the hassle . 
  maybe i was n't clear in the original post , but the method i 'm prescribing here is n't a clever loophole . 
  it is posted verbatim on the tax collectors website , with detailed instructions and links to all the relevant forms . 
  so to reiterate my position , there is no eu ruling preventing the uk from charging an effectively lower vat rate on solar panels ( just that it ca n't be done by claiming it as a renovation ) . 
  ____ edit : just noticed what a pretentious bunch we are here . 
  of the 5 responders , 2 reference a philosopher in their alias and 1 a mathematician . 
  it 's $ 100 for the registration and `` discharge of administrative responsibilities request '' . 
  so you do it yourself and take an hour , or you take 5 minutes and pay someone to do it for you . 
  either way unless your hourly rate is over # 800 , it 's worth it . 
  under dutch law you can file a `` discharge of administrative responsibilities request '' if you are expecting to pay less than $ 1345 a year in vat . 
  it 's a one time hour of paperwork and you 're done . 
  ____ edit : and if the paperwork is too much of a hassle for you , you can pay someone ~ $ 100 to do it for you . 
  strange , here in the netherlands you can get your solar panel vat back with some additional paperwork * . 
  since this is legally possible under eu law in the netherlands it should also be possible in the uk . 
  a more cynical person than myself might suspect certain politicians of using the eu ruling to push through a vat hike . 
  fortunately we all know that no uk politician would ever dare to use brussels as a scapegoat for their own unpopular plans . 
  * register yourself as an entrepreneur selling solar energy back to the grid, 
  what on earth is the author of this article smoking ? 
  neither the g8 nor the g20 use absolute gdp ranking as the defining criteria . 
  i suspect next week the author will report that * s club 7 * will be banned , because the uk currently ranks only 14th for hdi ? 
  no it does n't , it shows how `` vast '' india is compared to an arbitrary subset of european countries . 
  the actual numbers are : entity | area ( km ^ 2 ) : -- | : -- india | 3,287,590 european union | 4,324,782 europe | 10,180,000, 
  you can explore a good bit of the place on [ google street view ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@36.6866671,23.0555474,3a,75y,280.08h,96.89t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sug8y0vuxnofsqtewod2s8w!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ),
