  not proud of it . 
  that is a big problem , i agree . 
  i shiver when i think of what it took for europe to act like a cohesive unit militarily , speaking in the past . 
  well if you think they are a safe bet and a nato partner that can be trusted then do nothing . 
  well right now turkey , a nato member , is playing kissy face with russia , and the us has the possibility of electing a madman who is proposing to leave nato who apparently also would like to give putin a bj . 
  google who has the largest/most powerful militaries in the world . 
  maybe russia would play nice this time ... 
  agreed , you did not start the iraq invasion . 
  that was pretty much all the us and we begged for the uk 's help . 
  i also agree it was a huge mistake and our government at the time more spearheaded by dick cheney than bush pushed for this invasion hard . 
  the american public was also lied to about dicey intelligence info they had leading us up to war . 
  definitely not one of my prouder moments for my country . 
  [ iraq ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11287726/merkel-plan-to-send-german-troops-to-iraq-may-require-law-change.html ) [ syria and if you read further down afghanistan too ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12026596/germany-to-send-1200-troops-to-fight-islamic-state.html ) the us still has troops in all three of these countries , thanks for the hand germany !, 
  love , your faithful ally always ~ ~ murica !, 
  oh that 's cool  learn something new everyday on here . 
  1 ) you are probably right , but guess who else helped us in iraq ... that 's right -- germany . 
  2 ) rubbish , are you sure you are german ? 
  lol i did n't know germans were so pro russia and anti america now wow . 
  you can feel however you want , does n't make you right . 
  you see things very black and white . 
  as for the good we do ? 
  we provide tons of foreign aid all over , bill gates vaccinating the world , iphones , music , movies , good television , clothing , biggest consumers of other countries ... as a matter of fact i own a bmw so you are welcome germany i 'm pretty sure i paid way too much for it , technology , medicine and research , we still let refugees in and provide a better life for all immigrants legal and illegal , facebook , books , and all that social media shit , reddit , fast food :p , oh and most importantly freedom ( lol i just had to say it ) . 
  these were off the cuff and some were tongue in cheek but i 'm sure if i searched the internet ( oh yeah we made that too ) i 'd find more . 
  the united states is n't evil as much as you would like to think so . 
  ok then each individual country should have their own military ... as in much bigger than what you currently have . 
  i guess the uk , germany and france are alright but the rest of you are borderline embarrassing :p there have been talks about the eu making a joint military down the road ... 
  i hate to ask stupid questions but what flag is that in your flair ? 
  why ca n't you have a good military , healthcare system and education system ? 
  :p us yanks would also benefit from your strong military ... and you know actually carry out with nato in full force . 
  you were n't talking about turkey , you were too busy making stereotypical american jokes . 
  well at the moment it looks like clinton will win , not sure if you guys have been paying attention to our election ... actually you know what ... do n't . 
  it 's really embarrassing that trump is even a candidate . 
  everyday he says something insane , lies or makes petty attacks on anyone who does n't like him . 
  yesterday he basically insinuated to murder hillary at one of his kkk rallies ( that 's what they are like ) . 
  trump is also very pro putin and against nato . 
  when interviewed last weekend he was adamant that russia would never ever invade ukraine ( he had no idea about crimea ) . 
  he makes george w bush look like einstein . 
  anyhoo , i hope things change with the views of a stronger military . 
  you guys are our biggest allies , even though you hate us and make fun of us non-stop :p i just hope it does n't take something drastic for people to realize the pros of having a strong military . 
  as for being a pacifist , that 's noble and all but we live in a hostile world . 
  does europe honestly think they are forever immune to some type of attack or war ? 
  a mandatory service would be a good start ... 
  i 'm pretty sure germany , the uk and france have awesome militaries but it 's not enough . 
  especially when france often refuses to use theirs :p . turkey has an amazing one as well but ... they are shady and probably unreliable . 
  they do also mock patriotism a lot . 
  there is nothing wrong with feeling pride for your country if not taken to extremes . 
  you do n't want to become so apathetic that you become an easy target . 
  with europe 's geological position ... and that crazy nonsense with turkey and russia , they need a better military . 
  stop making fun of the u.s. and how much we spend on our military . 
  at least we are strong enough to defend ourselves if attacked . 
  i 'm genuinely saying this out of concern , not to offend . 
  i worry about europe . 
  sure moral relativism sounds nice and `` fair '' , but is it realistic in this world we live in ? 
  it 's illogical as well as self-defeating , it makes all values meaningless , and it 's dangerous and devalues human life . 
  / end rant europe is a beautiful place , with an amazing and rich history . 
  each country is unique to the other . 
  it 's the home of most of the ideas that have shaped the world . 
  strengthen your military europe ... 
  actually what needs to stop is your obsessive anti-us shit posting . 
  yes . 
   contrary to some people 's opinion , erdogan is not immortal . 
  do n't give us any ideas, 
  too late lol, 
  not anymore ... 
  really in the same boat as n korea ? 
  wow, 
  then turkey and russia do n't seem like great options imho . 
  little sneaky shit-stirrers . 
  greece hates the us ? 
  last time i was there , the hatred for russia was strong . 
  also , the greeks with the turks ? 
  lol, 
  dream on, 
  there is n't , neither can and should be trusted . 
  wow !, 
  you have got to be kidding me !, 
  the us bullys turkey ? 
  how ? 
  there is n't one . 
  you really should n't take his bait . 
  americans are way too apologetic and underestimated . 
  do most americans sit around not caring much for turkey because we are ignorant ? 
  is that really why ? 
  without elaborating any further , i 'd just dismiss it and take it as a compliment . 
  we eventually get used to being hated for basically everything under the sun . 
  pretty sure you are underestimating americans or just being a shit stirring punk . 
  good luck to you guys , 
  yeah do n't beat around the bush , just say usa when referring to `` the west '' . 
  i think the us most definitely would act , i do n't understand why the eu or the other european nations in general dont build up their military ... not even by a little bit . 
  the us would certainly help if they got to the baltics or poland . 
  why does n't the eu make its own army ? 
  easy there tiger lol !, 
  what 's up with all that internet rage ? 
  honest question , how does banning the burqa help with terrorism ? 
  does n't that violate their religious rights ? 
  would n't that aggregate terrorists more ? 
  does n't make sense to me either . 
  i 'm an english-greek can i hang out ? 
  one thing i 've noticed about europeans is that they seem to have very strong convictions about specific countries ( esp regarding the west ) . 
  there 's either like or hate ... no `` meh '' .
