  maybe it 's the proximity and the long intertwined history ? 
  just something i 've noticed . 
  oh and you all love canada and secretly or not so secretly loathe the u.s. but tolerate us anyway . 
  it 's actually pretty heathen friendly , and it 's pretty fascinating especially if you get a tour guide . 
  it 's also gorgeous !, 
  moldova bc i honestly never hear about this country , estonia ( although i hear they are american friendly ) , belarus . 
  i do n't hold any negative views against these countries at all . 
  why do people hate sweden ? 
  uk , it 's fancy and has a lion and a unicorn !, 
  eta : bulgaria reminds me of a passport a targaryen would use, 
  i like reading them , europe has awesome history ( better than ours ) . 
  it 's pretty fascinating , while i find ours quite boring . 
  i refuse to accept that europeans `` hate '' us , that 's such a strong word !, 
  i know both canadians and europeans ( some ) may feel superior to americans , but that 's okay . 
  i 'm sure there are many americans who think they are `` the best '' , it 's just silly banter . 
  i still consider us to be allies with most of europe whether the people like it or not :p . i would hope ... 
  i think canada is just really really polite , not convinced they like us yet . 
  oh we 've been playing together for years , and you love it !, 
  england basically gave birth to us in 1603 , britain is our cold , dissapointed mother who begrudgingly loves us . 
  we will forever be linked . 
  i know right ? 
  no love at all . 
  i honestly think i visit the europe forums out of pure masochism . 
  over here !!, 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  the night of , which is the current best thing on tv ... i think was british first . 
  i like this thread idea , and am sad to see it listed under controversial . 
  i have travelled to europe many times and can name some advantages of both places . 
  well to be fair , we do copy a lot of british tv then americanize it . 
  really ? 
  it had nothing to do with some geo-political changes that took place over 20 years ago ? 
  that 's like implying that rumsfeld made up the term `` new europe '' and europeans followed his terminology . 
  yeah blame america for that ... 
  no ... we are not thinking about it . 
  i think europeans think we have a lottery of country names and raffle one out every year to invade . 
  no , it would not benefit the us in anyway to start a war with putin unless he did something crazy and bombed us , or was in cahoots with terrorists who attack the usa directly . 
  russia has a very powerful military and right now we are too busy playing world police in afghanistan , iraq and syria . 
  btw , where in greece are you from ? 
  my father was born in corfu . 
  no , i just know the us is labelled as racist a lot , when other countries can be as well . 
  or perhaps i should say discrimatory . 
  well seems like the french have a good sense of humor , that 's for sure !, 
  yay !, 
  someone likes us ... finally !, 
  lol , and the europeans make fun of us for being racist . 
  it 's because there are less minorities there than in the us so less tensions , not bc europe is morally superior . 
  well americans are starting to detest russia as well . 
  americans find it strange that some french women do n't shave their armpits , most do n't bathe regularly , you are in good shape ( not like fat americans ) , smoke a lot , love dogs ( which i love ) and hate americans . 
  how did i do ? 
  oh france ... you have felt like that toward america for years ... nothing new here . 
  we ca n't either !, 
  i hate trump with a passion , i 'm pretty confident clinton will win this election . 
  believe me , you are not alone in your fear of trump . 
  pretty much ... it 's not as in your face as you would think . 
  while i disagree with the anti-science religious freaks . 
  going to church has some perks , it builds a sense of community . 
  to make fun of someone 's religion here is considered extremely rude . 
  it 's a personal thing and as long as they are n't hurting anyone , i do n't see the issue . 
  all that anti-evolution stuff was more during the bush years . 
  evolution is taught and believed by a majority of americans . 
  lol , they would lose pretty bad . 
  communism is frowned upon , americans are pretty materialistic and like to live large . 
  we have more millionaires than any other country . 
  the middle class and lower middle class may complain a lot , but i 'm sorry compared to most of the living conditions in even europe , it 's still better over here . 
  things are just `` easier '' . 
  americans are pretty spoiled . 
  we are so comfortable in our own bubble that unfortunately we do n't really take notice in most world affairs . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a good thing at all , just how it is . 
  i mean you could but you would be in a very small minority . 
  honestly transgendered toilets are the least of our issues right now lol . 
  that 's just not true ... 
  how is usa on the wrong side now ? 
  that rarely happens w toddlers , we are talking freak accidents here . 
  i do n't even like guns so no reason to lie . 
  toddler shooters ? 
  what ? 
  i agree with you about monopolies in general yes our education system is horrible compared to most of europe sorry , i hate the metric system , refuse to budge there, 
  your posts are generally condescending toward the us and americans . 
  for someone `` who does n't give a shit about the us '' what 's the deal ? 
  trump is n't going to win thank god . 
  seriously , as far as anti-america rhetoric goes , you guys bring us up a lot . 
  how awesome is america on a scale from 1-10 ? 
  everyone knows europe wo n't be nuking anyone ... russia also has a very strong military . 
  europe ... not so much . 
  so why are we wasting our time and effort ? 
  the eu clearly does n't need us . 
  also , if trump were to be the next president i think he 'd want to partner up with russia more . 
  trump thinks nato is obsolete and a waste of money . 
  if the eu agrees then what 's the point ? 
  us is not in favor of a war with russia ... something drastic would have to happen . 
  fyi, 
  we think of germany as our allies ... 
  if i had to pick a rival for the u.s. ( in case anyone gives a shit ) , it would be russia . 
  i ca n't think of any european country i dislike . 
  i feel close ties , my father was born in corfu , greece and my mother was born in colechester , england . 
  my uncle works for the un and is currently married to a woman from serbia , his first wife was from czechoslovakia ( before the split ) now she 's in the czech republic . 
  i have family in europe and love to visit whenever i can . 
  my husband 's grandparents were from germany and the netherlands . 
  this anti-american sentiment saddens me . 
  i can certainly see why our foreign policy is frowned upon especially regarding iraq .
