what ?? 
  tell me about it ... 
  exactly , you are looking from the outside . 
  you have no idea how sanders if elected would have been a failure to get his agenda to pass through congress . 
  i like sanders as a person and think he 's genuine but am more of a pragmatist than an ideologist . 
  it 's called growing up and learning how our government really works . 
  anyone calling for a revolution . 
  it does n't matter who we elect to reddit europeans , they will always find a way to bash the us . 
  clinton supporter btw, 
  how do you laugh in romanian ? 
  i like your approach , why even bother . 
  it 's reached a point to obnoxiousness now . 
   if you set foot outside of major cities in the us you are immediately reduced to dial up internet and the vast swathes of that redneck country are monopolies with absolutely no incentives to improve internet speed or customer service . 
  what in the hell are you talking about ? 
  haha !, 
  that statement is completely false in every way . 
  59 upvotes really ? 
  if this is true , i find it pretty inhumane ... as a nurse . 
  i figured , that 's why i deleted my original . 
  meanwhile , us does n't give a shit . 
  nato and putin 's stupid actions , pretty sure the un does n't mind either . 
  more like an annoying gnat then `` strong '' . 
  guess i 'm pretty biased though . 
  what 's his point though in doing this ? 
  beating his chest ? 
  he 's an ass . 
  thoughts and prayers to italy , so sorry , it looks horrible . 
  [ ours is much less sophisticated ... naturally ] ( http://www.boredpanda.com/mapping-stereotypes/ ), 
  i loved the `` and so on ... '' reminded me of my english grandmother . 
  rip nanna . 
  okay , god bless . 
  it 's odd you are the 3rd redditors who speaks dutch frequently who bashes the us like its a job or something . 
  found 2 others trolling in the r/hillaryclinton sub , and they all 3 really enjoy the r/linux and r/programming subs as well . 
  maybe you guys should start your own sub . 
  i do remember the colin powell speech and was dissapointed , but he has redeemed himself by separating himself from the republican party . 
  your quote from some random ss soldier ... do n't even know how that 's relevant or proves anything . 
  a perestroika ? 
  really ? 
  a little dramatic no ? 
  speaking of russia , did you know that russia exports most of its goods ( oil ) to the netherlands ? 
  i refuse to read anything by oliver stone he loves rewriting american history for monetary gain . 
  you might as well have told me to go join infowars . 
  i agree `` war is a racket '' is a good book ... does the involvement of france and the u.k. in syria bother you too ? 
  why are you quoting movies made from the great satan ? 
  comparing the us to nazi germany is ridiculous on many levels . 
  your anti-american rhetoric is causing you to ignore current reality and i 'm not going to waste time debating someone who cherry picks my posts just to post more reasons why they hate the us . 
  if you truly think the us is evil , that 's your issue . 
  i do n't understand , was the world at peace before nukes were invented ? 
  the quest for world peace is a noble cause but is it realistic ? 
  running for president is very different than being a president . 
  what should obama do ? 
  once he became president he 's given knowledge of classified intelligence , i 'm sure it 's full of information most people including you or myself have no idea about . 
  i guess he decided to use drones instead of american soldiers . 
  it is true , iraq was a mistake ... there was already a plan set by the gwb administration to pull out of iraq , it became popular by both iraq and americans . 
  we pulled out and look what happened . 
  so do we leave it alone and let isil sort things out ? 
  or do we intervene and try to come up with some kind of strategy to help fix what we broke ? 
  the rest of your post is making blanket broad statements without knowing all the facts . 
  i wo n't continue anymore of this discussion bc now i am off the original topic . 
  after 9/11 , things drastically changed in the us for the worst it seems . 
  also , looking at your post history you seem extremely anti-west in general . 
  as you could probably see in mine , i 'm the opposite . 
  i do n't think the west is perfect , but i definitely think it 's better than other alternatives . 
  i somewhat can believe that statement . 
  there was no internet then , information was n't as available as it is now . 
  after 9/11 and the argument going to iraq ... many many americans trusted in our government not just the republicans either . 
  it was like we were under a spell , even though we had many outlets and could see viewpoints from all over the world . 
  there were very few people compared to the majority who would even dare say that bush was lying ... in fact when people did it was met with so much backlash and being labelled `` anti-american '' , `` why do you hate america '' , `` why do you hate our troops '' . 
  the term liberal was used as a pejorative . 
  there were some people who were quite vocal in their dissent , but they were then pubicly ridiculed and made to look `` weak '' or worse `` crazy '' . 
  disclaimer : i am in no way comparing the iraq war to the holocaust , but talking about the nature of people in general . 
  the world is full of sheeple , even the ones not easily led are silenced out of fear . 
  that 's amazing to me !, 
  in the us , this will take some time . 
  although , teslas are the new `` it '' , i see them everyday . 
   there 's no way western european nations would be so lax on their armies today if they were n't in the nato umbrella . 
  while this is true , i find it unfortunate especially since western europe is geographically disadvantaged compared to the us . 
   let alone how the eu/nato has made member states stop being a threat to each other . 
  that to me , is why nato is very important , as well as keeping member states safe from other threats . 
  what will happen to the middle east ? 
  will they stop fighting too ? 
  well we would have to be sure that russia would agree . 
  also , i would n't be surprised if the us or the russians would lie about cutting their nukes . 
  there is zero trust between the us and russia right now for good reason . 
  i wish nukes were never invented , there will always be war but nukes are abominable . 
  i agree . 
  no one is getting rid of all their nukes ever ... does anyone think that will ever happen ? 
  john oliver ? 
  i like him and think he 's pretty witty . 
  i do n't agree with everything he says but find him entertaining . 
  yes , he 's pandering to young liberals for the most part . 
  he 's not a news reporter , he clearly has an agenda and a liberal bias but he 's mostly entertainment . 
  he 's like jon stewart , bill maher , and colbert . 
  it 's nice to take a break from our shitty depressing news and laugh at how ridiculous the world is sometimes . 
  surprised he did n't just start singing `` imagine '' after his speech . 
  hmmm ... i do n't know . 
  that scenario with russia joining with europe makes me think horrible scenarios like nukes being used by both sides . 
  the winners of that war would be isis . 
  so we did ... then look what happened . 
  back then i supported us leaving but hindsight is 20/20 .
