  to be honest , i do n't know much about him . 
  from what i know , he leans to the right and is giving people who dislike trump another option . 
  he 's probably trying to fracture the trump campaign given his background as a cia agent . 
  he probably knows how dangerous trump would be in the oval office . 
  i would have to look at his platform . 
  my pragmatic choice would be clinton , because of her experience and she has the most likely chance of winning . 
  i do n't pay much attention to 3rd party candidates and i honestly dislike them since nader in the 2000 election . 
  i like those countries too . 
  i see a lot of greek posters on here ... 
  [ facts backed up with many independent sources or what you would label `` bullshit '' ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/jul/31/what-we-know-about-russias-role-dnc-email-leak/ ) i just gave you one concise source , there 's more if you want . 
  you do n't think russia meddling around with the us election has any impact on europe whatsoever ? 
  if it 's not worth arguing about then why did you respond with a common pro-trump talking point ? 
  at least you did n't accuse me of being a ctr shill , i 'll give you that . 
  what do you think about putin 's `` elections '' ? 
  trump 's foreign policy is way more aggressive than clinton 's are you kidding me ? 
  did you see the word nuke ? 
  his speeches are also very aggressive toward china . 
  did you not hear the part where he is anti-nato , anti-eu either ? 
  or is just regurgitating that clinton is a neocon much easier ? 
  you obviously have no background history of hillary being a democrat . 
  trump was for the invasion of iraq btw , and used to be a democrat until obama was elected . 
  how can a man who has never held political office have any history of making crucial decisions regarding foreign policy ? 
  his vp pick pence also voted to invade iraq . 
  for me it 's not just political theater , it 's my country . 
  very defeatist thinking but i understand . 
  the us is not a fan of russia aiding assad , we have our own interests to look after too . 
  it 's not as simple as putin searching through her emails , relations with russia have been much more tense since their invasion of crimea . 
  ukraine is not in nato , so we ca n't just go marching in . 
  this turkey-russia bromance looks fishy as well . 
  russia is not taken lightly by the us and is a force to be reckoned with , in reality we 'd do anything we could to avoid agitating putin . 
  it would be nice if we could be at peace with russia , but putin is making it extremely difficult . 
  it would have to wait until 2017 , when she will be inaugurated . 
  after the election in november , obama will be considered a lame duck president . 
  no , most americans right now do n't trust our government to an almost conspiracy theory level . 
  this is actually a first in my lifetime of a foreign government trying to control the outcome of an american election . 
  i love how you ignored the rest of my post . 
  i can give you sources that the leak most definitely had russian fingerprints if you 'd like ? 
  there are numerous ... from many different independently operated intelligence firms ( corporations not tied to the us government ) as well as our own government independent operating agencies . 
  trump is a truly dangerous man , but i can understand why you would like him . 
  which countries are those ? 
  hehe ... i was being tongue in cheek but thank you for your response , 
  honestly , that 's what i love most about the greeks , their old spirit . 
  i completely agree with you on making modern greece worthy of the ancient one . 
  i love greece ( but to be fair i 'm half greek so very biased ) . 
  i love your username combined with your post . 
  trump is dangerously stupid with his pro-putin , pro racism , anti-nato and anti-eu . 
  you must not be from the usa if you think for one second that trump is n't corrupt . 
  he wo n't show his tax returns , has ties to the mafia , has a trump university that steals money from ignorant consumers . 
  there has been no candidate that has refused to turn in their tax returns , what is trump hiding ? 
  he blatantly lies at least 3x a day publicly . 
  he just had the secret service meet with him bc of his hateful statement insinuating to his supporters to assassinate clinton . 
  trump has previously said that he would n't ever rule out using nuclear weapons as president . 
  all people have to do is watch donald trump speak for 5 minutes to see he 's a madman . 
  hillary `` death to democracy '' clinton ? 
  i have n't seen her campaign against nato , against the eu or gush over putin like trump has . 
  the race is n't rigged , she is the best candidate we have . 
  most sane people can see that . 
  did you even read the emails ? 
  lol ? 
  no evidence of rigging whatsoever . 
  julian assange is no hero !, 
  oh stfu , i ca n't tell apart the trump supporter from the russians anymore . 
  or the crazy left wing conspiracy theory fringe nuts ... 
  if russia is trying to undermine our election in anyway that is dangerous . 
  also , i love the pointing out of clinton 's corruption , meanwhile putin is not ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  you are also completely blind that this `` corruption '' in the dnc happens in the gop as well ... so much that most people are numb to it . 
  it 's politics as usual and bernie never had a shot , he 's waaaay too left for the us at this point in time . 
  i liked the guy but his platform would never stand a chance in hell in our current political landscape . 
  trump is not only a danger to the us but to europe as well . 
  if you hated george bush , trump is like dick cheney on steroids but only pro-russia , anti-nato and anti-eu . 
  he throws temper tantrums at the slightest provocation and the entire world would be in danger if he had control over our nukes . 
  he 's already asked outloud `` if we have them , then why do n't we use them ? '', 
  eta : took out inappropriate profanity , i apologize . 
  they should ask him why since 2010 nothing has ever been leaked about russia ... and why his leaks tend to go toward the west . 
  is it bc there is no corruption from russia ? 
  it 's getting spicy guys !, 
  turkey is making lots of demands lately . 
  not quite yet ... 
  lol !, 
  i like the self-deprecating sense of humor . 
  but do you have hollywood ? 
  that 's what happens when you threaten house lannister ... marseille !, 
  that flag is an eyesore . 
  ( i bet there 's a bit of truth to that claim , but ca n't be used in a diplomatic setting ) source : father was born in greece , i 've never seen more pride for a country and its culture than the greeks ... but the younger greek generation is probably more `` meh '' . 
  greece depresses me now :(, 
  if i were greece i would say the same . 
  on a shallow note , they also have the ugliest flag in europe . 
  trump is getting dumped , everyday he becomes more and more insane and unhinged . 
  if you guys need comedic relief you should watch this dumbass crazy us election this year . 
  yesterday , trump stated that obama and hillary were the co-founders of isis ( literally ) some crazy trump supporter climbed to the 21st story of trump tower with suction cups to get his attention and give him some important information . 
  the us secret service had to go have a private talk with trump about his insinuation to kill hillary at a rally . 
  he keeps mentioning putin in his speeches , he has a huge man crush on him . 
  the worst is russia hacking into the dnc trying to undermine clinton and hurt her campaign . 
  time for nato to say buh-bye, 
  lol by how insane our country is right now from within , nothing surprises me anymore . 
  this is n't getting much coverage at all , it 's all about our batshitcrazyinsane election right now . 
  has erdogon gone insane ? 
  god help us if trump becomes president , he 's more in love with putin than erdogen right now . 
  we do have a horrible habit of making sovereign nations gigantic clusterfucks .
