  i think spitting in general is disgusting . 
  lol no it was anti-american , some french lady holding a baby on the train spit at the ground at us and this was when clinton was president lol . 
  we were like ... okay ?? 
  then i went to buy a toothbrush and the clerk was mad that i did n't speak french . 
  we visited madrid in the same trip and they were soooo much nicer . 
  that said , there were some nice people in paris and i would n't mind visiting there again , but i would really want to visit south of france . 
  i understand why europeans look down upon the us for the iraq war , it was a horrible mistake ... but to be labelled `` evil '' , i will never accept that . 
  i 'll even take the fat jokes , because obesity is a problem here . 
  i would also agree that cheney and rumsfeld have no soul . 
  the anti-americanism in the r/europe threads is sad bc we consider europe our allies , and it 's the place most americans want to visit if asked . 
  ( except the lame americans who consider disney world to be the best , and have never set foot out of our country ... they are probably the target group of americans europeans make fun of , which is understandable ) . 
  eta : sorry for the rambling post, 
  athens museum is great , food is great ... the graffiti not so great . 
  london is awesome , and regarding poverty you see that in all major international cities . 
  lol you see the same disgusting crap on the nyc subway , big city problems . 
  rome is amazing !, 
  are you nuts ? 
  i love a modern city with ancient ruins side to side . 
  paris , was disappointed !, 
  also , the people were rude and lived up to their anti-american reputation . 
  why do i get the sense you are n't being truthful about who you are voting for in your previous comment ? 
  i smell a trump , your talking points are all confused . 
  that 's how i see it as well ... 
  to greece and france yes ... russia no . 
  maybe it 's bc of the way geography is taught in the us . 
  it was more `` eurasia '' and excluded when discussing europe in general . 
  when i think of europe ... russia is not included . 
  even when eastern europe was discussed ... no russia . 
  they would combine it with asia or it was discussed on its own . 
  you can take us off that list, 
  i do n't understand how you want a better relationship with russia by arming the ukraine . 
  i 'm pretty sure clinton would n't be doing that as a favor to russia lol . 
  i do n't know what this american is talking about ... 
  i consider greece to be more like southern europe , than southeastern ... but what do i know , i 'm just an american . 
  i 'd also add france to that list . 
  also , never considered russia as europe anything . 
  ummm ... no . 
  that 's r/conspiracy material right there . 
  that was a big conspiracy theory by the fringe left during the bush years . 
  i think during my hatred period with bush i was almost sucked into thinking along the same . 
  i guess some americans still think that but if you were to voice that opinion out loud here people would think you were nuts . 
  this did bush start 911 theory has been argued to death at this point . 
  people still think bush did 911 ? 
  why do you live here then ? 
  you make the us sound like hell on earth . 
  you have the freedom to move somewhere that will meet your expectations . 
  what other countries have you visited besides the us ? 
  which one ? 
  lol !, 
  all of this is either a lie or a gross over exaggeration . 
  your extreme hatred of the us is almost hilarious . 
  do you hold all countries to this standard ? 
  i 'm also an rn , my husband is a physician so i know a great deal about the healthcare system here . 
  which state do you live in ? 
  lol, 
  evil empire ? 
  a little dramatic no ? 
  jeez !, 
  this is where i 'll be downvoted to hell for my beliefs but that 's okay . 
  why would i vote for bernie when i do n't believe in free college education , i do n't believe that healthcare is a right ( i 'm an rn , husband is a md we work in the healthcare system ) , i am not interested in reversing current trade deals that would cut us off from china , i 'm unsure whether unions even matter when we have many non-union states . 
  the rest of his overall platform reads out very well , but could it really happen ... no . 
  i admire his idealism a great deal but most economists think the high costs and extremely high taxes would sink our economy , his plans would have no chance of making it past congress , even an improbably friendly one . 
  not to mention sanders had nothing to contribute about our foreign policy except being anti-iran . 
  he thought we should take all our troops out completely ... that would lead to a huge shit storm . 
  if europe is sick of all the refugees now , just wait until we completely remove ourselves from the middle east . 
  do n't even get me started on jill stein , even bernie endorses hillary over that crazy woman . 
  americans have every right to vote based on ideologic purism , but again you fail when you put clinton and trump in the same category . 
  they can bring out all the 3rd party candidates they want , but there will be only 2 outcomes this election ... clinton or trump . 
  that 's just reality . 
  why someone who does n't live here , or will be living in the us after this election opinion matters ... i 'm not sure . 
  why they would think of themselves as more knowledgeable than someone who has lived in the us for almost 40 years ... is pretty arrogant . 
  are you an italian male ? 
  lol !, 
  one thing i remembered the last time i visited greece ( 2013 ) was the rampant pessimism , which in fairness was completely understood bc of the economic crisis ... but i think you are being rather critical concerning your ancient history and how it still impacts us to this day . 
  most places on earth during the ancient times were brutal . 
  first of all , i 'm not a dude . 
  as an american , i really appreciate your opinion on how i should think when it comes to u.s. 
  politics . 
  the emails are authentic , when did i ever say they were n't ? 
  please show me an email ( they are all available online ) proving the election was rigged . 
  all it shows is that the dnc favored clinton over sanders , which went against the dnc rules to act in a neutral manner . 
  it 's a no brainer that the dnc preferred clinton to sanders . 
  sanders was never a part of the democratic party , he switched from independent to democrat to run for president . 
  i 'm not saying what the dnc did was right , or that it acted in an ethical manner but to say bernie would have won if not for the dnc is complete nonsense . 
  bernie is a democratic socialist and leans very far left , the u.s. in general is probably a bit right of center . 
  democrats voted for the candidate they thought would win , and the candidate they liked with the most experience . 
  she was the pragmatic choice period . 
  as for where i should focus ? 
  who in the hell are you to tell me where i should focus ? 
  the us is not obsessed with russia right now , it 's currently obsessed with this election between trump and clinton . 
  as for the rude remark about the us becoming a shit hole ... you made me laugh . 
  i 'm not sure what that would make your country . 
  it 's funny , i do n't remember an election in history where [ so many republicans were so adamantly against their own candidate running for potus ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/10/politics/donald-trump-republican-opposition/ ) . 
  it 's obvious your hatred for hillary has clouded reality . 
  your focus on the dnc emails that you obviously have n't read ( if you think the campaign was rigged in anyway ) just show wilful ignorance of the bigger issue here . 
  not wasting my time , not worth it . 
  it 's beyond disgusting . 
  meanwhile , i love how obama is n't even publicly acknowledging this idiot . 
  erdogan is n't even worth his time . 
  it 's cute you think you even have a choice .
