  best wishes to estonia !, 
  also , i find most of the estonian posters here to be quite lovely and thoughtful . 
   well if the us left , i 'm sure other nato members would start paying the 2 % target , if not more ... you guys should anyway , regardless of the us . 
  i do n't think you should worry too much about trump , it 's not likely he 's going to win and again congress on both side of the aisle would be against it . 
   the us would still come to our aid as well we would help the us with or without nato . 
  pretty sure you are correct there . 
  i do n't see the us leaving nato . 
  even in worst case scenario situations ... trump winning in november , the us leaving nato is not popular among both democrats and most sane republicans . 
  it would never be approved by congress ... ever . 
  it was bc of both ... tons of americans were dissapointed with the way our government was making desperate cases to invade iraq . 
  the absolute worst was the shameless tying of 911 to iraq over and over by the bush administration , it was plain insulting . 
  americans felt bad about both our soldiers dying as well as iraqis . 
  we completely demolished their country over a lie . 
  the bush admin ignored the cia and drummed up their own sketchy evidence to go to war . 
  guess what ... france was right !, 
  yuck , please stop posting for our country . 
  `` mostly white democracy '' ... do n't put your bias into why americans like france . 
  most americans view europe ( well nato eu members ) as favorable . 
  mostly bc of history , not bc of race . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  you are not understanding his point over and over . 
  rt is n't a free press ... it 's government owned and is russian propaganda . 
  i mean if you are curious to see the bs rt spews then sure that 's understandable , but to use it to compare with a free press news org would be silly . 
  no , turkey really staged a coup ... 
  i think most greeks here are democrats ... and most are voting for hillary . 
  the greeks have been able to assimilate in the us without losing their culture and identity . 
  the greek pride is still very strong . 
  the greek orthodox communities are large and most all of them speak greek . 
  [ most greek americans are with her ] ( http://usa.greekreporter.com/2016/07/27/us-election-poll-results-2016-clinton-trump/ ) lol hello , i feel like a us ambassador to greek redditors right now . 
  more so than the us ? 
  i also noticed there is a big russian population in greece living in athens , thessaloniki and crete . 
  the u.s. is home to the largest overseas greek community still . 
  thank you for that history lesson , i had no idea !, 
  i see putin is also russian orthodox . 
  lol that made me laugh !, 
  i guess i 'm just worried about greece : / . 
  i am biased , it 's one of my favorite countries . 
  it seems like they are losing faith in the eu and the west which is sad . 
  we will see , i think turkey is backing themselves into a corner . 
  it 's a clown show ... a disgrace . 
  no ... but thanks for your opinion . 
  that was n't me who downvoted you :p lol, 
  you think we need a leader who does n't compromise in this country ? 
  jimmy carter had that stance with congress , i think carter is a great man but he was n't an effective leader . 
  obama has done a lot , considering the crazy obstructionism from the republicans . 
  he has a 54 % approval rating right now which is pretty decent . 
  that 's what i was going to say ... but then i 'd get downvoted . 
  my father is greek , well aware of the culture there . 
  although , i would think it would have changed since the 70 's . 
  yuck , that 's why people like trump in my country . 
  he kind of is ... 
  lol i just read about that , that was in poor taste of putin , showed blatant disrespect since he knew merkel was scared of dogs . 
  now turkey and russia are bff apparently . 
  that does seem rather large ... when i push the `` confidence in obama '' it makes me feel better ... then i push confidence in hillary things go down ... with greece especially . 
  is rt a staple there ? 
  weird how religion would have anything to do with it , i was baptized as a greek orthodox but never really practiced , but i live in the states ... and definitely feel no ties to russia . 
  the 2nd part seems more probable , more so due to their economy . 
  no idea where you get your talking points from , but everything you say has nothing to do with reality or knowledge of american politics . 
  what 's up with greece ? 
  great job gb !, 
  i always thought that was a russian thing, 
  that 's funny , my mother is english , father is greek , aunt by marriage is serbian . 
  so your comment just made me even more depressed :p . 
  can confirm disney is extremely overrated , unless you are age 3-16 . 
  adults that go there without kids are strange imo ... especially the americans , a sad site . 
  the harry potter exhibit at universal studios is pretty cool , even if you are n't a potter fan . 
  if visiting the us from abroad i would never recommend it . 
  venice is beautiful !, 
  did a greece/italy vacation summer 2013 and greek food was better than italian by far !, 
  my husband agreed , he also liked the greek wine better than the italian . 
  he likes really strong robust red wine though . 
  his grandparents were dutch on one side and german on the other ... must be his viking roots ( lol jk ) . 
  just wanted to give the greeks a nice shout out  in athens no one was trying to jip us out of money like they were in rome either . 
  we had an excellent time in both countries . 
  one thing ... the locals in both countries made comments on my laughing and smiling and thought it was too much , which i thought was strange since we were having a fabulous time and on vacation . 
  one greek tour guide ( when asked about who were the worst tourists , i have no shame ) said the americans were usually pretty nice and very happy but cheap tippers , she did n't understand why americans were so religious . 
  she said some more negatives about other countries but i wo n't go there . 
  which european countries do we not treat as allies . 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i mean we do have our favorites * cough * the uk , germany and france ... i was n't aware we treated other nations poorly . 
  i did know some french at the time , i exempted out of having to take it in college bc of my high scores on the entrance exam . 
  learning it in school and speaking it in france are 2 different things . 
  i found it hard to follow unless someone spoke it more slow . 
  i admire that most europeans can speak english , is it taught from a young age ? 
  in the us foreign language is only taught 8th grade up in public schools . 
  unless you go to private schools which teaches from pre-school . 
  private schools are expensive and cost anywhere from $ 10,000-20 ,000 / year . 
  most choices are french , spanish or mandarin with the bulk of people picking spanish . 
  i believe most public schools still only let you pick french or spanish . 
  i hope so , but reading r/europe is depressing as an american . 
  i have to remember it 's just reddit ... to be fair the fact that r/the _ donald has such a high following is even more depressing . 
  i hope it 's just spectators who want to see the crazy . 
  it 's dangerously close to stormwatch.org ( do n't go there it 's a kkk/neo natzi or for the deluded a white nationalism site ) . 
  we were n't being rude !, 
  we were just walking to our seats . 
  no kidding !, 
  i stayed out of europe those 8 ridiculous years . 
  more so for financial reasons , but still . 
  i hated gwb then as well and it would have been frustrating for me as well !, 
  i had no idea that was considered rude , is spitting at american tourists considered rude ?
