  it 's just called crossing the road . 
  we do n't have jaywalking laws in the uk ... 
  if anything , yanks playing up the whole ancestral homeland suite annoys me more . 
  `` sl\u00e0inte '' in scottish gaelic , meaning `` good health '' , basically . 
  scottish gaelic is basically the same , different facing inflection , with `` sl\u00e0inte '' . 
  both people are the exact same though , whether they were born in the country or not . 
  the only difference is the arbitrary border they were born within . 
  so why should i be bothered more by someone who was n't born here than someone who was ? 
  your response makes no sense , care to elaborate on it ? 
  propensity for what ? 
  obviously dunkirk was made for the sole reason to build support for world war ii - part 2 : dunkirk boogaloo . 
  every ticket you buy comes with a free lee -- enfield , an enfield revolver , and a ferry trip to dunkirk . 
  it does n't bother me any more than it would if it were a citizen who was doing it . 
  what 's the difference between someone born in my country , gets an education here , claims benefits their entire lives , and dies here , and someone who was n't being born here doing the same ? 
  there 's a guy i went to school with who , at the age of 25 now , has never had any sort of employment , and dropped out of uni before the end of his second year . 
  what makes him any different from someone who was n't born here and came here ? 
  either way , everyone who purchases anything plays taxes via vat . 
   cycling on the pavement is ( i think ) illegal ( but not enforced ) , and at least a bit of a dick move . 
  depends on the area . 
  [ on any ` core paths ' in scotland , non-motorised vehicles are allowed to be on the pavement , legally . 
  ] ( https://www.glasgow.gov.uk/corepaths ) they tend to cover main concourses , like sauchiehall street , buchanan street , and argyle street in glasgow , which is why you 'll always see cyclists on them . 
  also first footing as well, 
  i do n't understand how you can think this , when the majority of the main parties in the uk are led by women , we have a female pm , in a supply and demand coalition with another party with a female leader . 
  of the main parties in the uk ; scottish national party - nicola sturgeon green party - caroline lucas ( co-leader ) scottish labour party - kezia dugdale tories - theresa may scottish tories - ruth davidson democratic unionist party - arlene foster plaid cymru - leanne wood the vast majority of main party leaders in the uk are female . 
  also for us in scotland , we have universal right of access to pretty much all land in scotland , meaning you can go pretty much anywhere in the country , making us kind of one massive national park . 
  you have to abide by the scottish outdoor access code , which generally just boils down to `` do n't be a cunt '' . 
   british foreign policy has only mostly been `` stick it to france '' hey leave us scots out of this , [ we love the french . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance ), 
  for scotland , specifically , i 'd say france . 
  it 's not called the [ auld alliance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance ) for nothing . 
   gigantic cars , eat fast food , drink cola these are probably related . 
   with guns . 
  [ apparently trump always carries a gun on him . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-i-always-carry-a-gun-2016-2?ir=t ), 
  weird , you 'd think a lot of people who are renting could n't afford a full kitchen , and that 's why they 're renting in the first place . 
  even flats advertised as unfurnished in the uk come with white goods . 
   later we go to an aldi , mercadona or lidl and we pretend we are in walmart . 
  here in the uk it 's much easier because we can just go to asda . 
  maybe it 's just a lack of upvotes in the first place ? 
  even the top post of all time is ~ 300 upvotes . 
  i love glasgow , i 've lived here for about 5 years now , since i moved from a small village right in the middle of glasgow and edinburgh . 
  it 's really just these 2 minor things , i usually wear headphones all the time , so it 's easier to ignore the beggars . 
  glasgow , scotland . 
  when it rains , the main paved area in sauchiehall street becomes ridiculously slippery , like it 's coated in grease . 
  it 's ridiculously difficult to walk on , and no matter how many times you complain to the council , they never fix it . 
  also , you ca n't walk more than 1 minute without seeing beggars , that are obviously taking the piss . 
  you see them get out big jeeps/people carriers early in the morning , and they 've all got brand new smartphones and more expensive trainers than me . 
  it 's organised begging gangs , and they continue to get away with it . 
  maybe all the students just have very long commutes . 
  we had a small-scale ceremony at our high school in scotland 7 years ago . 
  we never got certificates/diplomas and all that , it was more just like an hour or so long leavers assembly where they went over things from the last 6 years with the leaving class , and wished us good luck with future endeavours , etc. 
  there are only 2 americans in the main cast . 
  samuel l jackson , and mark hamill . 
  written and directed by brits , based on a graphic novel written by a scot . 
  just because it was funded by a us studio does n't make it a us film . 
  there was the whole knights of the round table theme as well , with the upcoming statesmen being named after drinks, 
  you mean except from the scottish parliament , welsh assembly , and northern irish assembly ? 
  if it 's mutual , we 'd either say split up , or breaking up . 
  if one party initiated it , and the other was n't really feeling the same way , we 'd say they dumped them . 
  jack dumped chloe , or chloe dumped jack, 
   god i ca n't possibly imagine a scotsman getting angry and yelling at me . 
  i think i would just burst out in laughter ... [ you sure ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al7xjxldoyq ) , 
   this section creates an offence in england and wales for any person who receives or disposes of any salmon in circumstances where he believes , or could reasonably believe , that the salmon has been illegally fished . 
  not that ridiculous when you read the wording of it . 
  [ glasgow has been settled since prehistoric times , apparently . 
  so no exact age . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glasgow#origins_and_development ) better idea would be to go with 6th century , when st mungo established a church . 
   as an non-native and non-resident of scotland my opinion on whether they should or not is irrelevant . 
  if only others in the uk held this opinion as well . 
  calm the fuck down , it was a joke , and i was n't even the one saying it . 
   an independent country where scottish law will be subservient to brussels ' law . 
  that is no independent country at all . 
  i ca n't name a single law implemented by the eu that i do n't personally agree with . 
  i can name plenty implemented by the uk government , generally by the tory party that we , in scotland , do n't vote for . 
   good on the scotts we 're not all called scott , it 's scots . 
  they 're implying op is one of the stupid ones for calling us scotts instead of the correct scots . 
  it was also far longer , and more detailed , than the uk governments pamphlet on brexit , which had a word count of less than 100 . 
   and sturgeons even nicola ?!, 
  another reason for independence !, 
  the drinking age is 18 to buy alcohol on your own . 
  if you 're in a pub you can have a beer , cider or wine with a meal , as long as you 're with an adult . 
  it 's still illegal to buy alcohol on behalf of someone under the age of 18 . 
  however , you can technically drink alcohol on private premises from the age of 5 , but it ca n't be bought specifically for you . 
  irn-bru , just to be different from the 95 % water comments . 
  i also dislike when americans correct british english to simplified english . 
  it tends to happen whenever you get a post to / r/all with british english in the title . 
  [ millionaire 's shortbread is also worth a shout . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/millionaire%27s_shortbread.jpg ), 
  [ scotland switzerland switch !, 
  ] ( http://www.the-postillon.com/2017/02/scotland-switzerland.html ), 
   millennials are those born between 1980 and 1999 , those who spend most of their adolescence after ... well ... the millennium . 
  if you 're born from 1980-1982 , you 'll have been 18 in 2000 , which is an adult , and not `` adolescence '' . 
  i 'd say for those who spend their adolescence after the millennium it would be those who were 12-17 after 2000 , so 1988 at the absolute earliest . 
  it 's not supposed to be eaten as a regular thing , it 's more of a kinda weekend treat breakfast . 
  just like how i imagine most americans wo n't have eggs , bacon , and pancakes every day of the week . 
  ** english ** ; traditional full english breakfast includes bacon ( traditionally back bacon ) , fried , poached or scrambled eggs , fried or grilled tomatoes , fried mushrooms , fried bread or toast with butter , and sausages . 
  black pudding , baked beans , bubble and squeak and hash browns are often also included . 
  in the north midlands , fried or grilled oatcakes sometimes replace fried bread . 
  the food is traditionally served with a mug of tea ; more recently coffee is an alternative .
