they should 've just raised the price . 
  it 'd be better than that aberration . 
  saltmine is easier to work into a pun than greeting , unfortunately . 
  except capital punishment is definitely wrong , so you 've picked a bad example there . 
  salty = crying . 
  tears are salty . 
  well i guess winsford mine is no longer the biggest saltmine in the uk . 
  you should probably speak to his relative , jamie spencer-churchill , who gave them permission to use it then . 
  should n't you ? 
  i did n't realise barely doing is job as an mep counted as `` fighting '' . 
  well it completely fucks me over . 
  i work in cloud services for a company that operates in the uk and eu . 
  i 've seen plenty of the older generation who are much more uninformed . 
  in scotland , kids take a modern studies class where they learn about politics , and there are entire sections devoted to how the eu works . 
  i 'd say there are plenty of high school kids here who are more informed on the eu than their parents who are voting specifically to `` stop immigration '' , which has already been said that it wo n't be possible . 
  i 'd hope so . 
  especially if the gap in remain/leave is a big difference between scotland and england . 
  i mean , i voted no for the last one , but if the uk voted to leave , but scotland votes to remain , i 'm all for us disappearing ourselves , and getting involved with the euro . 
  we 'll have a referendum to see how many want another referendum . 
  however , we may first need a referendum to see if people want that referendum . 
  the glasgow turnout was fucking embarrassing . 
  only a 56.2 % turnout , and it was sunny as fuck and lovely outside today , so there was absolute nae excuse for half these cunts . 
  they likely only included the abroad usage because they knew that down the road , they 'd legally have to anyway . 
  this plan was announced a couple of years ago . 
  if they jump on it early , they can sell it as a bonus , rather than a legal requirement . 
  because a country becoming independent and joining the eu is more likely than a city , with no historical precedence for not being part of england becoming independent . 
  do you need me to explain the difference between a country and a city , or are you just being obtuse ? 
  cities are not countries . 
  `` we all '' collectively referring to scotland , northern ireland , and gibraltar , not every single person in scotland . 
  scotland was 62 % to remain , northern ireland was 55.8 % , and gibraltar was 95.9 % . 
  so yes , we all voted to remain , compared to england and wales , who voted to leave . 
  you can tell by the big ben garrison in the corner . 
  because we all voted to stay . 
   more snp unliterally deciding what is reasonable and insisting that if you do n't accept their wisdom , you must be unreasonable . 
  except this was voted for by the snp and greens , so it 's obviously not unilaterally . 
  i specifically meant the union flag bit . 
  and you can easily find them by sorting by controversial and expanding the downvoted comments . 
   r/ukpolitics has a much more broad range of opinions on it . 
  unless you mention scotland , then the only opinions you can voice without being immediately downvoted is how we 're all scroungers subsidised by the ruk , constant insults of snp party members over their appearance rather than their actual politics , and how all political parties in scotland are scum ( except ruth davidson ) . 
  that sounds like you 've only met english people . 
  i 've not met a single scottish person who would act like that . 
  well they were likely designed to be long enough to reach the bottom of the bin , and narrow enough to fit in the space at the top . 
  specially designed would apply . 
  except they 're incorrect . 
  at no point was it official snp policy that they would n't continue to campaign for independence , as / u/dystopianfutura implies in their comment . 
   during the first referendum , the snp said it was a `` once in a generation opportunity '' , yet here it is again three years later . 
  during the first referendum , the ~ ~ snp ~ ~ first minister of scotland , and leader of the snp , ** at the time ** said it was a `` once in a generation opportunity '' ~ ~ yet here it is again ~ ~ now a new scottish government , with a new first minister , and new head of the snp , overwhelmingly elected on a primary manifesto pledge of scottish independence , is trying to press for another referendum three years later fixed that for you , since you obviously do n't understand what changes in government mean . 
   i think it was billed as `` once in a generation '' alex salmond described it as such . 
  however , he 's no longer the first minister of scotland , nor the leader of the snp . 
  nicola sturgeon is , and she 's under no obligation to fulfill previous pledges made by him , as it 's now a different government . 
  the snp were also overwhelmingly voted into power in both the 2015 general election , and the 2016 scottish government election on manifesto pledges for scottish independence . 
   and the uk will become the 51st us state - scotland will probably hold another infyref then . 
  even the tories are more left wing than all the us parties . 
   whilst i agree circumstances have changed , i do n't recall seeing any data suggesting the eu was a large factor in anyone 's vote . 
  we voted to remain in the uk , within the eu . 
  [ i mean , the government was hitting out with this shite . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/uk_together/status/506899714923843584 ) we 're no longer going to be in a uk within the eu , especially when we voted overwhelmingly to remain in the eu . 
  \\ #indyref 2electoralboogaloo, 
  we got quite a few of them in scotland when i worked in tesco . 
  nobody seemed to have any issues with them , as they were fairly common-ish . 
   make wales pay for it !, 
  it 's funnier because you assume wales will actually have money after they shot themselves in the foot by voting to leave the eu . 
   indyref2 vote harder indyref 2 : electoral boogaloo, 
  the echo chamber of accepting the fact that the holocaust happened ? 
   there is 69 rapes per 100,000 people in sweden and compare that to the united states at 27 rapes per 100,000 people and you realize that they do have a problem . 
  if someone rapes someone 10 times in sweden , that 's considered 10 rapes . 
  if someone rapes someone 10 times in the us , that 's considered 1 rape . 
  swedish definitions of rape are different , and not as specific as the us definition , resulting in higher recorded numbers . 
  [ for example , in 1992 a legislative change came into force which shifted the dividing line between sexual assault and rape . 
  this legislative change resulted in about a 25 % increase in the level of registered rape offences . 
  ] ( http://link.springer.com/article/10.1023%2fa%3a1008713631586 ), 
   and how many times less likely to be raped ? 
  [ you 're actually more likely to be raped in america ] ( http://www.wonderslist.com/10-countries-highest-rape-crime/ ) . 
  no it is n't . 
  this is the equivalent of taking 100,000 families from each country , and determining the average for each , and comparing that average . 
   where as sweeden is much more homogeneous with its land and people . 
  half the people here are saying the same as you , that it 's completely homogeneous , and the other half are saying how sweden is some sort of caliphate warzone , where people are being raped left , right , and centre , with native swedes being a minority in their own country . 
  which is it ? 
  ca n't be both . 
   `` you look at what 's happening last night in sweden . '', 
  nothing happened in sweden , this is more of his `` alternative facts '' . 
   you ca n't compare two countries of such vastly different sizes and make too many inferences from the data . 
  it 's per capita , so you definitely can . 
  that 's likely accounted for in the `` earn more money '' , and `` spend more money on health care '' sections . 
   how nervous would europe get if the united states pulled 100 % of its efforts and resources away from nato you 'd be kicked from nato if you done that . 
  it 'd also hurt you more than us , considering that the us is the only country to invoke the article 5 - collective defence clause of the nato agreement . 
   what about rapes per capita ? 
  [ most rapes per capita would be a title held by the us . 
  ] ( http://www.wonderslist.com/10-countries-highest-rape-crime/ ), 
   sweden 's population is roughly equivalent to a large city in the united states . 
  sweden 's population is 9.593 million . 
  the most populous city in the us is 8.550 million . 
  sweden 's population is larger than your largest city . 
  so hardly equivalent to `` a large city '' . 
  especially when only 10 us cities have populations of over 1 million , and even then , the only one of them over 4 million is nyc . 
   and comparing 2 % of the uk 's gdp to 3.5 % of america 's gdp is laughable . 
  i 'm not comparing it . 
  in response to your statement saying that we 'd be forced to pay our defence budget `` for once '' . 
  i 'm saying that 2 % is the minimum target for nato members , and the uk meets it . 
  so you can fuck off with your sanctimonious `` we pay for your military '' shite .
