  you 're a walking / r/shitredditsays meme , you cunt , and your username is very appropriate . 
   after being forced to actually pay for their defense budget for once . 
  i live in the uk , we have the social programs you mention , [ but also meet our defence spending ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2016/images/04/15/nato-3_custom1.jpg?iid=el ) . 
  so , try again for that one . 
  also you can stop pretending that the us spends so much money on military out of the goodness of your hearts . 
  you do it to try and throw your weight around , acting as the worlds police force . 
  more like daily reminder you septics do n't understand the difference between history , and propaganda . 
   are you also proud of the rise in sexual assault that corresponds with the increase of asylum seekers in sweden it actually corresponds with the change in how rapes are recorded in sweden . 
  at least ~ ~ one ~ ~ five in every city . 
  ftfy, 
   skegness lol, 
  uk carriers have been advertising this as something they 're doing out of the goodness of their hearts , rather than something they 're legally obligated to do . 
  in scotland , at least ; 2014 - scottish indyref 2015 - 2015 general election 2016 - eu ref/scottish parliamentary elections 2017 - scottish local council elections/2017 general election so 6 in 3 years , not far off . 
  maybe they live literally anywhere in the uk outside london ? 
  where thatcher fucked over everyone . 
  because it was taken on the one day a year of sunshine we get in scotland . 
   pushed the uk back to the right we 've had enough of that , of recent , as it is . 
  and you get to keep the infrastructure funded by eu projects . 
  take a walk around literally anywhere in the uk , you 'll see plenty of plaques saying they were funded by the eu . 
   lol they want us to pay more and not give us our share of the assets now . 
  this money is to fund the promised projects we agreed to up until 2020 . 
  if you sign up for a 24 month phone contract , and try and cancel 4 months in , you still need to pay the full contract price , because you agreed to the conditions when you got it . 
   when did they leave the us ? 
  the us is a country , not a `` free trade zone '' . 
  because it tends to be from the type of yanks who flood our regional subs claiming to be , for example , ` basically scottish ' , because their great ^ 29 grandfather was scottish . 
  i just finished rise of the tomb raider , and now i 'm starting on mirror 's edge : catalyst, 
   usually around the time of the queens speech ( about 3.00 pm ) . 
  probably more common in england . 
  definitely not as common in scotland . 
  # 1.99 for most of the cheaper pints from wetherspoons . 
  0.568 , to be specific . 
  the question just says `` european '' . 
  there is no european left/right party , because it varies so much from country to country . 
  what we see as right wing in the uk may be left wing elsewhere.l , and vice versa . 
  your question is incredibly vague , and you 'll be hard pressed to get a proper answer . 
  europe is 51 different sovereign states , each with their own political systems , and different leanings . 
  you 'll never get a single answer that spans all of europe . 
  you 'd be better asking this question in the various localised subreddits for each country . 
   what form of id do you carry ? 
  drivers license , passport , something else ? 
  is there an eu id that everyone has or does each country do it differently ? 
  that was the question asked . 
  the question was n't `` is it a requirement to carry id '' , but `` how does id work in your country ? '', 
  and then what id do you carry . 
  maybe be less of a cunt in future . 
   but they 're all sources you 'll probably reject . 
  because it 's just some guys shitey wordpress blog . 
  use an actual source . 
  what are the advantages of paper over digital then , other than what i mentioned about it not being reliant on power/internet connection ? 
   i support a more islamophobic mandate , and would enjoy more controlled immigration . 
  because you 're specifically saying you want an ` islamaphobic mandate ' , you 're singling out specific people , it 's more far-right than centre-right . 
   ott pro-muslim bias among the socialist-left any examples of this ? 
   voting is done with paper ballots , counted manually . 
  there are many reasons why paper ballots are still better than electronic . 
  [ computerphile ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ) explains it very well . 
   i mean paper is good or better in most cases than digital stuff . 
  i think you mean alongside digital . 
  it gives you a redundancy in the case of digital not being available , but if you were solely picking one over the other , the benefits of digital outweigh the chance that it wo n't be accessible . 
  still game , chewin ' the fat , burnistoun . 
  in my first year i just got the train , because i lived in falkirk , scotland , and i was going to uni in glasgow , which was only ~ 30 miles away , so it 's an easy commute . 
  moved to glasgow in second year because it was more convenient since i was working and studying in glasgow . 
  a lot of people i went to high school with in falkirk travelled to either glasgow or edinburgh for uni since it 's right in the middle of the two . 
  scots are people from scotland . 
  scott is a person 's name . 
  it 's been quite a long time since i left high school now , but some of the books i read as part of the scottish curriculum were ; the portrait of dorian grey - oscar wilde macbeth - shakespeare a midsummer night 's dream - shakespeare a collection of poems by wilfred owen ( including dulce et decorum est ) boy - roald dahl but as i saw , this was over 10 years ago and i struggle to remember the 5 years worth of reading we done . 
  it was mostly plays/short stories , along with various scots poetry . 
  sometimes your school would use a tennis racket if people in your class were especially shite . 
  i 'm in scotland , so it can be anything from -5 c to 20c depending on whether or not we actually have a summer that year . 
  a few weeks ago we managed to make it to ~ 30c . 
  it 's actually fairly sunny and 18c just now though . 
  scot , not scott . 
  fyi, 
  mate , i think you 'll find our unofficial symbol would be the duke of wellington with the cone on his head , 
   the main franchise place i can think of is `` the filling station '' which is american themed and has plenty of stuff on the menu i know from american tv the only thing is their service was fucking shite . 
  i went to the one in rose street in edinburgh and it was taking them ~ 10 minutes to get a single drink . 
  we were all hungover and just needed respite , and they could n't even provide that . 
  so , the radio ? 
  there are so many indian restaurants/takeaways in the uk where you can get vegetarian food though . 
  eurovision is definitely a big thing in the uk as well . 
  i know plenty of people who have parties to watch when it 's on . 
  fair enough , half the wee shites i went to school with could n't be trusted with a compass in maths , never mind a gun . 
  was this a private school in the uk ? 
  or through some sort of club ? 
  they 're really the only situations i could imagine that happening now . 
  half and half is common in scotland , when you get half a dram with it as well . 
  probably because it 's `` askeurope '' not `` askanamerican '', 
  dpd are easily the best courier in the uk . 
  hourly slots for delivery , you can contact your specific driver if you need to , you can view their location in real time , it tells you your specific number , and the delivery number the drivers currently on . 
  they 're the gold standard . 
   why would i need to be told that ? 
  everybody knows that . 
  because you 've been told multiple times , and still seem to be having issues comprehending it . 
  we also took the responsible approach and changed our gun ownership laws after it happened , and have n't had another since . 
  they 're trying to tell you that school shootings are nowhere near as big a problem in europe as they are in the us . 
  school shootings are n't something that we even remotely consider , because they 're so incredibly rare . 
  it would be like having a `` the moon has exploded and is hurtling towards the earth '' drill . 
  [ not for long !, 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/07/17/adverts-depicting-gender-stereotypes-banned-2018/ ), 
  fair enough . 
  the way you phrased it made it seem like jaywalking exists in the uk , when it does n't .
