saying that is a `` cultural problem '' and completely ignoring the systemic pan european issues is kinda stupid and patronizing , good for a bild reader , but not for/r/europe . 
  corruption has little to do with the current european crisis . 
  we are dealing with huge structural crisis . 
  keeping reiterating the same old stereotypes does n't help anyone . 
   they really do n't understand fundemental economics . 
  the only reason they actually could borrow money if we were to give up on austerity is because of the financial soundness of the northern european countries backing up european countries as safe investments . 
  are you aware that southern countries are asking for different fiscal tools and monetary policies exactly in order to relying less on borrowed money ? 
  and also : do you think that borrowers works like a charity ? 
  borrowers are making a lot of money form the current european arrangements . 
  that 's also why the structure is not changing . 
  borrowers and lenders : it takes two to tango . 
  the greek crisis was so acute also because of the lack of those fiscal tools . 
   yeah , while everyone keeps spending more and more until the country implodes like greece . 
  so letting it implode by lack of economic activity is a sensible strategy ? 
  and i ca n't hear anymore the `` lack of reforms '' thing . 
  the italian labor market has been so reformed that the employers have total flexibility in contracts , hours and setting wages . 
  workers are totally flexible ( and precarious ) . 
  the 24/24h big supermarkets that popped up in big cities is an example of that : in italy there are no sundays or nights anymore . 
  when did they play ? 
  i must have missed it . 
   our pm ca n't even speak english well , that does n't mean he has no education . 
  that 's a good analysis . 
  but  even though it 's strictly only about the electoral reform more like constitutional reform ( the nature of the senate , in particular ), 
  since 2008 , nobody is thinking about the long run , in europe . 
  that 's why europe is getting destroyed , as a political project . 
  the lack of vision is killing europe . 
  the beatings will continue until morale improves ... 
   wait ? 
  the uk leaving eu was our fault now ? 
  ofc it 's not europe fault , but how this crisis is managed tells a lot about europe . 
  i am referring to things like that : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/03/angela-merkel-to-oust-jean-claude-juncker-as-europe-splits-deepe/ or things like that http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/brexit-latest-eu-uk-special-status-relationship-german-minister-a7194921.html ca n't angela merkel and its minions just shut up for once ? 
  junker had a very fair and `` european '' position in dealing with the uk . 
  but ofc the german leadership has other interests `` for europe '' . 
  stop spreading your illiterate bullshit . 
   for decades the danish system has provided generous benefits for citizens when they are students and when they get old etc. 
  now we are obliged to provide free education and benefits to students from the eu , but these students do n't feel any obligation to stay and pay taxes . 
  because danish people can do the same in other european countries . 
  a danish colleague of mine just finished his phd payed by french taxpayers and he found a nice position back in dk . 
  so what ? 
  he is happy , i 'm happy , french people are happy . 
  no , that 's very fucked up . 
  i do n't think italian wine is bad at all , we have a lot of variety and different qualities . 
  but i agree with you about spanish wine : it 's very underrated for some reason . 
   hence that makes italy a homogeneous country no way . 
  i would never consider someone from naples or rome the same as me . 
  even if we ( more or less ) share the same language and nationality . 
  italians are different people with a very distinguishable set of linguistic and cultural traits . 
  ... unless you are talking about greece or immigrants . 
  then r/europe goes full rightwing . 
  it 's shit like that that will bring european people together , thank you / u/stoicismus !, 
  i loved that post . 
  well , well ... 
  if you read the discussion about greece of 2 years ago , they were a concentrated of cringe , austerity and neo-liberalism will save us all . 
  that 's changing a bit . 
  nope , i like social democracy . 
  seriously : have you seen this sub when we discuss immigration , and islam in particular ? 
  it 's fun , because for me this sub is really right wing . 
  indeed . 
  her leadership almost wrecked europe multiple times : the eu nowadays is much weaker than before . 
  there is much more animosity between member states . 
  now it 's really time to act . 
  i put my hopes on the next french prime minister , because i know from experience that merkel is not willing to do anything new . 
  she just reiterate a broken status quo . 
  no , do n't worry . 
  there are plenty of good reason to dislike merkel . 
  she is pro eu just in empty declarations , like this one , to the point of sounding hypocrite . 
  but seriously : her and her minions ( wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , jens weidmann , etc. ), 
  were detrimental for europe . 
  their mismanagement of the greek crisis will end up in history books : they acted like the republicans acted after the crisis of '29 in the us , making the crisis much worse , [ austerity is still a dangerous idea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8n-78ruscg ) . 
  and to this day , nothing has changed , greece is slowly and painfully dying , but europe turned his head ... perhaps it 's time for a european franklin d. roosevelt . 
  europe is much weaker today because core countries blocked any proposition , europe is not moving in * any * direction . 
  and ofc the problem is that other countries were n't able to provide for a better leadership . 
  bullshit , you have no idea of what you are saying . 
   she added : `` we need a clear , common commitment to the european union ... '' ah , merkel , tu quoque !, 
  yes : we really need `` a clear , common commitment '' , but it 's nowhere to be seen . 
  and you are one of the problems , not one of the solutions . 
  hey , thank you !, 
  [ parole , parole ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuzpv1eoftu ), 
  you have n't read the article and you do n't deserve any of those upvotes . 
  i do n't get the russian hate of / r/europe, 
  i start to think that some eastern europeans may have a problem . 
  and it 's not russia . 
  indeed !, 
  germans on the anglophone internet always look down at the bild . 
  but that tells more about their class origins than anything else . 
  i can see how the bild has a direct impact on the german political discourse . 
  the greek crisis was a perfect example ( http://www.businessinsider.com/bild-the-most-powerful-newspaper-in-the-world-2012-6?ir=t ) . 
  another example : http://www.csmonitor.com/world/europe/2012/0118/german-tabloid-bild-takes-down-politicians-with-its-unmatched-megaphone, 
  yes , but bild readership vote and they influence policies a lot . 
  and btw : i can see that . 
  still the largest german newspaper , tho . 
  ... hey friends , may i disagree too ? 
  aww , i would love to taste this wonderful chocolatine ... 
  well said . 
  indeed . 
   there was never any kind of consensus on this . 
  a lot of segregation or assimilation , actually . 
  and that 's perhaps part of the problem , not of the solution . 
  yeah sorry , i am not understanding your point at all . 
  it 's so arbitrary to define what a `` real '' german is , that is a pure speculative and useless exercise , imho .
