  this is more akin to heads of state , except those hos usually lack any real power and know when to keep their mouths shut . 
   more from tusk even for a guy like me , who does n't like the eu all that much , i do have to say , tusk is a man i can respect . 
  good lord , i thought the euro-federalists on this sub had run out of salt months ago . 
  calm down , my man , will you ? 
  the way van rompuy and the eu parliament have been carrying themselves , i for one enjoyed seeing them humiliated . 
  absolutely not . 
   get a grip and stop being deluded . 
  those manners . 
   sanctioning because of something that happened 1983 the occupation continues to this day . 
   and if you really think it is in germany 's interest to have sanctions against russia , then you know less than i expected . 
  their pipeline is still going despite the `` pipelines '' . 
  and they get more eastern euro puppets ( like ukraine ) to export to . 
  and my question still stands : where are the sanctions on turkey ? 
  why do n't we do something now that the cold war is over ? 
  could it be that going against russia is in interests of certain eu countries ( * cough * germany * cough * ) and their bosses ( * cough * usa * cough * ) while going after turkey is n't ? 
   european defense force . 
  i do n't expect 13 year old turks to resist , if that 's what you 're asking . 
  but i expect adults , such as me or yourself , to do their part . 
  o sweet potato jesus . 
  ukraine is attacked without being an eu member -  we all go apeshit over it and sanction russia . 
  cyprus is attacked without being an eu member -  we do n't do shit . 
  see the difference ? 
  can you honestly expect the eu to defend cyprus after that ? 
  nato is only binding for external defence in the northern hemisphere . 
  other than that , turkey could theoretically invade greece and nato would not be obliged to support either country . 
  i was n't of voting age yet , so i do believe i do n't have a role in that . 
  that being said , yes all greeks are responsible for greece 's current state of affairs , save for those who spoke out against the idiotic policies that led us here . 
  democracy = responsibility . 
  cyprus has already been attacked ... 
  the problem is we do n't care . 
  soooo all of nato is going to defend against another nato country ? 
  i doubt that . 
  turkey is also in nato . 
  listen to the german guy 's warning . 
  he knows . 
  you ca n't just blame the leadership ; unless you stop him , you all will carry a degree of responsibility . 
  and ? 
  ukraine is not even an eu member , and everyone is going batshit crazy over crimea and donbass . 
   greece  useless yes , i guess that position in gavdos is crap . 
  certainly why the americans keep sending their subs there all the time . 
  'cause we 've been negotiating with turkey all these years despite their repeated violations of greek sovereignty and their occupation of half of an eu member ? 
   some useless european country like greece salty much ? 
  translation : https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.real.gr%2fdefaultarthro.aspx%3fpage%3darthro%26id%3d600516%26catid%3d4, 
  lol compared to actually far-right militaries like ours , i 'd say you 're fine . 
  ... what the heck is wrong with these people ? 
  how is that beautiful ? 
  i bet it tastes like shit like all the north american `` greek food '' . 
  unless it 's made by some desperate folks the eu 's `` glory '' has forced to go up there . 
  augusts did say that the declining birth rates , hedonism and importation of celts into rome to replace the declining roman population was one of the major causes for the decline of the republic ( which is why he banned divorce and strongly enforced traditional religious morality and promoted motherhood ) . 
  herodotus mentioned similar circumstances in greece . 
  the christians were also very much like the muslims in the late roman empire ; during those times , epicurianism ( a hedonistic , atheistic , pan-egalitarian , moral relativist worldview by epicurus ) had overtaken the greek world after the fall of the greeks ' traditional faith , while the romans had largely lost their civic virtue , the richer ones importing slaves and foreigners in general to do their job for them . 
  in the east , the christians destroyed what was left of the classical world and massacred many of the traditionalist greeks ( as well as less traditionalist greeks , such as hypatia , or hellenised non-greeks ) . 
  the jews also had to flee many major urban centres ( as the christians were ultra-anti-semitic ) , but they did manage to survive . 
  in the west , the imported barbarians simply opened the gates to the enemy , and the corrupt patricians simply stopped any attempt by competent generals to stop the barbaric invasions for their own gain . 
  conversion to christianity was also rather common in the upper classes before it spread downwards in most cities in greece and italy , much like islamophilia is a top-down phenomenon nowadays . 
  the parallels are there . 
  ultimately , what remains to be seen is whether we 'll slide into absolutism to hold out for a few more centuries until our next crisis of values , go full byzantine and effectively stifle progress in exchange for stability , fall to the same weaknesses as the previous incarnation of western civilisation , or find a new way to break the cycle without compromising our liberal , secular values . 
  in truth , any solution will involve radical changes in demography and society , whether we like it or not . 
  societies with birth rates , death rates , marriage rates and migration rates such as ours are doomed unless they change something drastically and they do so quickly . 
   so just common capitalists that hunt for profits anywhere in the world ? 
  i have bad news for you , they are out to get everyone , including greece . 
  i have new for you : putin 's the only that resisted . 
  hence the russians like him . 
  as many said `` under putin , corruption went back to normal levels . '', 
   you mean countries that keep joining nato , some of whom might happen to also border russia . 
  again , this is not a place russia should point fingers , this is where they should think why are these countries doing that . 
  there was an agreement that nato would not expand towards russia . 
  that agreement was breached , as nato keeps trying to prove it 's no longer redundant . 
   now this is very very vague . 
  forcing people to change their names , not allowing them to speak their language etc. 
   i mean , russia is free to take these people back . 
  if they do n't come , then what 's the problem ? 
  they are not going to `` take these people back '' because those people are local citizens , in almost all cases . 
  you ca n't take the russians out of eastern ukraine , like you ca n't take the turks and slavs out of northern greece : they 've been there for centuries . 
  have you ever been to north korea ? 
   so who is there out to get russia ? 
  all the people who milked their natural resources ? 
  nato who keep expanding towards their borders in search of an enemy ? 
  all the people mistreating russian minorities ? 
   that 's your problem you could n't built democracy like almost everyone else around you yes what a lovely democracy belarus and ukraine are . 
  the difference being nobody was out to get poland , but everyone was out to get russia . 
  the russophobia of this sub is unimaginable . 
   totalitarianism fascist italy was nowhere near as corrupt as the ussr . 
   correlation does n't imply causation . 
  not in this case   violent revolution caused by ? 
   low prosperity and a result of it , too . 
  all your comments in this thread summarised : reeeeee, 
   surely jobs being gendered has nothing to do with thousands of years of task division enforced through patriarchal societies becoming ingrained in cultures and shaping young boys and girls imagination and their parents prescriptions . 
  given a choice between a toy car and a doll , newborn boys will go for the car and newborn girls for the doll . 
  were they also conditioned ? 
  it 's been scientifically proven . 
  women are also smarter on average , but men tend to be more on the extremes ( ultra-smart or ultra-dumb ) . 
  another scientific fact . 
   no , surely it has to be some biotruth bullshit . 
  better than whatever post-modernist bullshit you ascribe to . 
  communist countries have much more corruption than non-communist countries . 
  ergo it must be correlated . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
   when we 'll be rid of liberalism hopefully that wo n't be happening anytime soon ( if ever ) . 
  they failed . . and we can see the results .
