  as for `` expelled '' that was according to a treaty we both signed . 
  and as for those `` 2 million '' when are you going to apologise for way more millions of greeks , armenians , kurds , assyrians and countless others you have killed ? 
  oh , that 's right , never . 
  and not having shitty working conditions . 
  are unicorns and other mythical creatures also included in luxembourgish law ? 
  thanks , but what that guy said made no sense at all , i must say . 
  when did i say anything about germans and trojans , mate ? 
  when ? 
  3000 years ago ? 
  they 've been greek for milennia . 
  that 's like saying turkey is trojan or hittite , 
  that ; s a peculiar statement . 
  french guyana has quite a lot of native cultural elements which are not european , though it certainly has european influences . 
  cyprus is historically , ethnically ( to a large degree ) and culturally european and solely so . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm greek and i agree . 
  no idea what that other guy was thinking . 
  cyprus is culturally european . 
  how is turkey ? 
  the fact that this guy is getting downvoted to heck proves his point even more , despite how salty some people might be . 
  [ translation ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=el&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nooz.gr%2feconomy%2fspiegel-forodiafugi-mamoi8-meso-maltas ), 
  what about the [ ionian greeks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_fire_of_smyrna ) . 
  not nearly as many people remember those , sadly . 
  except for the part where you can make their life miserable while they remain within it to a point where they 're forced to leave . 
  http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/wikileaks-julian-assange-no-proof-hacked-dnc-emails-came-russia-n616541 i find it hard to believe the `` iraq had wmds '' guys . 
  ps : http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/james-clapper-still-no-evidence-of-any-russian-collusion-with-trump-campaign/article/2622452, 
  indeed , it 's a country . 
   in a text message , with which he announced his willingness to intervene and try to end our asphyxiation , he told me that he struggled to convince hollande and gabriel to find a solution . 
  his message ended thus : `` i do not want my generation to be the one responsible for greece exiting europe . '' i mean , talking to a couple of people did n't seem to help all that much . 
  any help 's appreciated , but i 'm rather skeptical of people who claim to be on our side . 
   he already helped greece and your own officials talked about it . 
  which officials would that be ? 
  and what help ? 
   two days ago , he explained how he wants the eu to forgive part of greece 's debt so its economy can rebound and stay in the eu as a healthy member and not be tempted to leave . 
  i 've heard many politicians say that and few actually go through with it . 
  please do understand why i may be skeptic about it . 
   but hey , he 's just a shit banker , right ? 
  that and he has a taste for older women , 
   hard evidence please point me to it . 
   at least with macron , greece will have new ally . 
  lol yes , totally bro , i 'm sure the former banker will be on our side . 
  really , can we stop with the russia conspiracy theories ? 
  it 's like t_d claiming illegals rigged the us election . 
  she did that herself , with that joke of a debate performance . 
  she looked like a clown . 
  finally , someone who talks sense . 
  i 'm no le pen fan , but i also dislike macron . 
  hamon gave a pretty good interview where he outlined why the abandonment of the working class by the left has led to people like the fn getting 30 % of the vote . 
   what the fuck ? 
   6 hours it 's called a time zone difference . 
  some of us are n't on reddit 24/7 . 
   who besieged the e.u. 
  parliament making comments is not besieging . 
  i come from a country whose parliament * has * been [ besieged ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/38110500_303.jpg ) . 
  see the difference ? 
   with nazi and stalinist comparisons simultaneously ? 
  personally , i find it quite hilarious . 
   you think commodity trader farage from the city of london is your friend ? 
  oh yes , totally , while junker is my bed bud . 
   his only intent with greece is to use the suffering of the greek as a rhetorical weapon against the e.u. 
  i do n't doubt that at all . 
  so what ? 
   you actually think some trumpist money-hoarding fucker from the london financial industry cares for greece ? 
  nah , not really . 
  but neither does van rompuy , for that matter . 
  one of them is funny , though . 
   the e.u.-skeptics the e.u. 
  has to constantly demonstrate its legitimacy against are the ones who scream the loudest that greece should be left to fend for itself . 
  it has demonstrated it by ... showing a clear lack of understanding of economics ? 
  if consumption drops and taxes rise , in what universe does this fix a recession ? 
   you do n't know what you 're talking about nice projection . 
   you 're simply parroting what you heard lol  you 're parroting farage , literally . 
  do i also have multi-coloured fethers , literally ? 
   after six hours , this pathetic summation of `` reasons '' is what you came up with . 
  once again , i do n't sleep and work at the same times as you . 
  for all you know , i 'm sleeping in my pjs while you wait like a neckbeard for me to reply . 
   i will have van rompuy a hundred thousand times as my leader wish granted . 
   screaming are n't we all ? 
   racist , lol , totally racist  pathologically i see you 're a qualified psychologist now . 
   one thing i 'll concede though : wow . 
   the decency and decorum hahahahaha  assault by the british yes , them evil englishmen are invading our fair greater germany again !, 
   they should have torn that whiskey-reeking bully limb from fucking limb . 
  you and erdogan have more in common than one would think . 
   verhofstadt realizes this and is leading the way . 
  into failure , acting like a drunken fool and being generally irrelevant ? 
   juncker understands it too when he 's drunk or not ? 
  intelligent debate at its finest . 
  it 's been a good ride , my lad . 
  i should come around sometime soon , if i ever want a bit of fun . 
  i hope you did n't get a heart attack from reeeeeeeeeeing that hard . 
  really ? 
  have you seen the man ? 
  mr. `` i have the grace of a thousand cardinals '' while never having been elected by anybody ? 
  did you even see the speech van rompuy gave before the famous incident ? 
  countries can do whatever they want and uber can cry me a river . 
  national sovereignty  corporate profits . 
  if you want the opposite to be true , go across the pong , will ya ? 
   luxembourgish . 
  is it bad if that does n't feel like a real language to me ? 
  the difference being that hog campaign while leading parties .
