but giving them some free flags and printed banners could work . 
  happened in greece during the referendum , and now the stakes are higher . 
  especially those posts of people in `` totally spontaneous & unfunded demonstrations '' with eu flags ... makes me cringe as hard as trump 's purposeless post-election rallies in t_d . 
  merkel shown as the leader of the eu ... they 're not even trying to hide it now , are they ? 
  of course it does n't apply anymore , there 's nobody left for you to levy the tax on . 
  it did it 's job against greeks and jews back in the 40s and 50s , as did the `` open prison '' policy on imbros and tenedos . 
  now you can be `` secular '' even though nearly your entire population is muslim . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varl%c4%b1k_vergisi https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom at times , i think we should treat your minority in thrace like that , just to balance things out , but unlike you , we have this thing called `` european civilisation '' so we treat minorities with respect and basic human dignity . 
  do n't really care for that . 
  maybe if you brigade this place enough we 'll all pretend the armenian genocide did n't happen . 
  that moment when you pretend you 're secular even though your murder or tax the shit out of all the non-muslims . 
  do turks have any hobbies other than whitewashing their history ? 
  it actually originates from the same roman/byzantine food that tyropita etc. 
  come from , 
  to be fair , half-americans have done quite a lot to harm america . 
  nice secularism ... after cleansing all ethnic and religious minorities , that is . 
  did i mention mandella ? 
  well then i guess he is n't related ... 
  so terrorism is ok as long as other people also did it ... ? 
  what of mandela ? 
   when people are pushed too far they will bite back . 
  at innocents who have nothing to do with their oppression , none the less . 
   nice things rarely happen when people are oppressed and abused . 
  yes i remember all the greek terrorist attacks in istanbul after the turks pogromed us ... oh wait those did n't happen . 
   you really need to be told this ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  do you really need to be told this ? 
  so mlk or gandhi should have gone around bombing people ? 
  what are you on ? 
  the ira are murdering scum and deserve to rot in jail , if not be hanged by the neck until time of death , just like any other terrorist . 
  so the 99 % clinton win forecasts were realistic ? 
  even 30 % is too little for somebody who won the damn election . 
  besides that , the popular vote is irrelevant . 
  the us has an electoral college , for better or for worse , and it is that college which determines everything . 
  to be fair , the clinton-trump polls were fake af , so they might think all countries ' polls are like that . 
  everything is going fine . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  work . 
  consume . 
  wow . 
  thanks for the info . 
  that 's actually quite sad :( i hope you guys can reunite with the rest of cyprus and live peacefully without us or turkey interfering . 
  i guess : / out of curiosity , are there more turks in n. cyprus who feel that way ? 
  those downvotes ... more turkish brigading , eh ? 
   he 's in heaven more like hell . 
   without the mass murder ideas though . 
  say that to all the minorities he killed off ... 
  why ? 
  do you need a genocide or two ? 
  i share the hope , but i doubt it . 
  no backing in cyprus , no backing in imia-kardak , no backing after decades of violating international law , greek airspace , our eez and territorial waters . 
  shit , no backing after a turkish plan to invade us ( a fellow nato country ) surfaced in the early 2000s . 
  yes , how dare he complain about a genocidal maniac . 
  the moment you can compare yourself to former warsaw pact countries , you know you 're doing shit . 
  more or less ... 
  see guys ? 
  we 're all buying yauchts and mansions like bild tells you we do . 
   as it was created specially for that purpose what was ? 
   i would even like to have a stronger eu , with countries working together to make the best for the union and not trying to get the best interest for themselves . 
  the current eu is too much of a tool for the upper classes of certain countries to care for the plebs of everyday europe . 
  as much i love united europe and believe in the ideal of european cooperation , the eu is doing more to taint that idea than it is to unite europe . 
   it 's more like a cold war right now imo , obviously led by russia that actually wish to expand back to ussr size . 
  the west is expanding towards russia . 
  is russia an authoritarian , nationalistic state ? 
  yes . 
  but , at the moment , we 're the ones trying to bring russia into our fold . 
  the populace is n't very supportive of that anymore though . 
  even people who vote wilders , le pen , etc. 
  want to close their borders , not expand them . 
  i like open european borders , but those are two separate things . 
  negroponte = blackwater , 
  we have too many earthquakes for nuclear , too few plains for solar , too few major rivers for hydroelectric , and too big a sea border with turkey for wind turbines . 
  i guess we 're stuck with lignite , though i hope we could get some advice from some other quake-ridden country like japan on how to build safe nuclear plants . 
  who does ? 
  i mean , apart from that joke of a party gd , and that moron erdogan , and putin , only some kind of moron would want to start a war in europe over borders . 
  i 'm not his greatest fan , but he is n't ... 
  beat me to it !, 
  i love that song !, 
  i 've always thought of europe as greece , and of greece as laconia : the patriotic/nationalistic , small , lightly industrialised , economically problematic , ethnically cohesive , socially conservative peninsula at the bottom of the bigger peninsula . 
  swedish flair ? 
   this is just not a sub for people like you l o l `` germany is not a country for people like you . '', 
  hitler to some jew , 1939 . 
  seriously though , i love how eu-philes love their echochambers . 
  and get taxed to death . 
  maybe i just joined up ? 
  or maybe this is the new account of an old user ? 
  ever thought about that ? 
  also , i dunno if you 've noticed but it 's called r/europe , not r/eu . 
  eu = / = europe . 
  i can hold whatever opinion i want , regardless of whether you want to turn this into a neo-liberal `` progressive '' ecochamber . 
  true that . 
  i 'm just sad they do n't have souvlaki where i moved , and that everything tastes like crap over here . 
  give me my souvlaki back you damn north americans !, 
   you absolutely have a need for good relations with your neighbors . 
  such as fyrom which teaches their kids that greek macedonia is theirs , albania which recently tried to question greek borders in epirus , or bulgaria with whom we already have excellent relations ? 
  we 're fine . 
  stop lording over the subhumen with `` balkan mindsets , '' whatever you 've altered that to mean for this comment . 
   every balkan nation teaches its kids their respective nationalist origin myth and greece is no different , you 're in no position to brag about the quality of your history education . 
  look at some of the greek comments around these parts and you 'll understand that . 
  aka .
