  i have no idea what greek history education is like , so i 'll use some anecdotal evidence ( or even less than that , since you told me to go find proof for your argument myself ) instead of admitting i 've overplayed my hand way too much . 
  i love it how you brag about having a flair of sorbia so nobody can talk about your country , and yet you constantly attack others based on their country or region instead of addressing their points . 
  keep it up . . or rather do n't . 
  i 'm tired of your hypocrisy . 
  have a good life , and remember to chill out once in a while . 
  i most certainly am not a troll . 
  calling people you disagree with trolls sounds trolly though . 
   then move , you got a european pass , you can go and live/work anywhere . 
  yeah , great `` solution , '' abandon your homeland and go abroad . 
  greece does n't teach kids irredentist ideas . 
  keep in mind that we have no need for fyrom . 
  fyrom teaches their kids ultranationalist expansionism , not us . 
   there are no territorial claims . 
  so they just teach their kids out history and lands are theirs for fun ? 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/albania-authorities-demolish-village-church-in-the-dead-of-the-night-08-26-2015 btw there 's quite a lot of towns with greek majorities up there . 
  yes , i live on mars , i 'm elon musk from the future , my name 's is elonios myskos now . 
   there 's a court decision about kosovo is it from the icj ? 
  'cause i doubt the icj approved of a state that was created through an illegal nato intervention that circumvented the unsc . 
   then why do you even care if it 's serbia or kosovo that will join ? 
  because i have to live with the eu , for now at least . 
  and because kosovo is a corrupt , crime-ridden , poor craphole , and eu countries already have enough problems as it is . 
   greece . 
  yes , of course greece dislikes economic stability ... not . 
  unless you have proof to the contrary . 
  and do n't try to bait me with unrelated topics . 
  stick to the subject . 
   our side what is `` our '' side ? 
  as a free european citizen , i am pro-russia and anti-eu . 
  my right , my choice . 
   and for my next trick , let me read your mind . 
  you were about to type some bullshit along the lines of `` and who exactly is us ? '', 
  you know full well who us is in this context so i 'm preemptively telling you to save it . 
  your mind reading powers are crap . 
  better lack pulling a preemptive strawman on me next time . 
   what kosovars need to do to achieve their independence in a way that serves you ? 
  no they need to achieve it in a way that does not violate the very basis of customary international law . 
   btw cyprus and kosovo are 2 different cases oh really ? 
  how so ? 
  and let 's not even talk the precedent kosovo set for crimea ... 
   those actions had and continue to have serious consequences for the country and the livelihood of its people . 
  good . 
  they changed their flag and are wisening up . 
  sanctions exist for a reason . 
   and then you broke your agreement with them anyway . 
  because they kept those nice little maps of `` greater macedonia '' in schools . 
  irredentism in education is also a step before war . 
   i mean , jesus , you just said you want to keep a country a `` craphole '' unless they change something that affects you in no concrete way . 
  territorial claims affect us in a very concrete way . 
  come back to me next time the ruskies annoy you and you start begging nato for troops . 
  so the greeks in northern epirus should grab some kalashnikovs and start shooting albanian cops cause albanians are demolishing greek churches and brutalising greek minority members ? 
  in modern europe , we have laws and rules . 
   it is perfectly legitimate breaking off from a country via the use of force with no due process is not legitimate in post-wwii europe . 
   it makes you a good candidate for eu membership . 
  so it makes you a candidate for membership to a failed bloc . 
   having a pro-eu member is better than a pro-russia member . 
  hence , kosovo would be a better fit for eu membership than serbia ( if we only based it on these standards ; naturally i understand how much stands in the way of kosovo towards the eu ) better to whom ? 
  personally , i hate the eu . 
  i ca n't find a way in which being pro-eu is objectively better than the opposite . 
   having eu members that dislike the eu leads to brexit and all of its kind brexit was a good thing . 
   the same way having ez members that dislike economic stability leads to . . oh well . 
  can you find me one such member ? 
  should we also `` realise '' that `` northern cyprus '' is `` independent '' now ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  kosovo is serbia and will always be serbia , until such a time that it legitimately and legally achieves its `` independence . '', 
   it 's not a walk in the park for macedonia , why should/would they care about what serbs did in the fucking 90s lol , it 's happening now and it 's hindering any eu-progress macedonia is making , because of some petty greeks having their petty feelings hurt . 
  and our entire northern provinces claimed by their school propaganda ? 
  keep your eu-expansion fantasies to yourself . 
  fyrom is a craphole and will remain outside of the eu as long as they keep teaching their kids that greek territory is theirs , and they keep putting up statues of alexander the great and philip of macedon . 
  something tells me that if , say , poland renamed itself `` prussia '' and laid claim to berlin and brandenburg , you would n't be nearly as `` mature . '', 
  those guys make us and turkey look friendly in comparison . 
  kosovo 's statehood is illegitimate . 
  and since when does being pro-eu or pro-nato make you a `` good '' country ? 
  get of that high horse , will ya ? 
  because they want their jobs and industry back ? 
   any foray onto / r/canada will confirm how much anglo despise and hate francos ( and natives , too ) . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  having lived in qc , i can tell you how the qc provincial gov ' t does everything in its power to treat anglos like second class citizens . 
  at the same time , it hires countless of public servants , subsidizes local crappy companies like '' ` bec cola '' and `` petit quebec cheese '' ( i wish i was joking ) , all while living off of the money of anglophone provinces like alberta due to its moronic policies with regard to welfare , taxation , and language . 
  as for the `` hate natives '' thing , i can hardly say quebec has much sympathy for natives . 
  you also forgot to mention how much of the elite coming out of quebec is anglophone . 
  and since you did n't give any evidence for your anecdotal claims , allow me to give you some of my own anecdotal evidence : french quebeckers barely `` speak '' english or do n't speak it at all , especially outside of montreal . 
  proof ? 
  when visiting the ontario provincial legislature , the clerks there spoke perfect english and french ( standard french that is , not that `` quebec dialect '' abomination ) , whereas in quebec city or montreal finding a gov ' t employee or even a freaking bus driver who spoke english felt like discovering the ark of the covenant . 
  the turks had already butchered greeks in pontus beforehand and responded in kind afterwards . 
  give me a break , pretending to be the victim here . 
  yes , comparing 1920s europe to 19th century peasant rebels and peasant armies . 
  then again , turkey did operate the same way in the 20th century as it did in the 15th century ( * cough * armenian genocide * cough * ) . 
  your proof being ? 
   turks are chauvinistic nationalists but honest so when did you acknowledge the armenian genocide ? 
   you just hide behind being progressive i 'm conservative , matey . 
   never seen an apology here for the atrocities you have commited against muslims and turks . 
  i do n't know if anybody told you , but the only muslims in greece we 've ever committed `` atrocities '' against are the turks , so your dichotomy is moronic . 
  so what atrocities do you want me t apologise for ? 
  the massacres during the greek revolution committed by a bunch of illiterate peasant rebels against people who had oppressed them brutally for four hundred years ? 
  the random atrocities committed here and there by retreating greek soldiers during the anatolian campaign ? 
  the dozen or so turks killed in clashes in thrace ? 
   you can tralalala as much as you want projection . 
   the reality is you have killed , raped , expelled 2 millions of muslims and turks . 
  have we now ? 
  where 's your proof ?
