yes , shocking people to cure their homogay is strange . 
  nordic countries are closer , it would be pretty expensive to fly over the pond just to camp , and thanks to jokamiehenoikeus ( everyman 's right ) you can camp pretty much everywhere , as long as you clean up your messes and do n't cause any harm . 
  hmm i would n't say middle-east ( obviously stuff like the the fertile crecent had a lot of influence on rome ) more like the areas surrounding the mediterranean seas were more culturally linked to rome compared to rest of europe . 
  not really . 
  how would this apply to british empire ? 
  finns know it very well too for obvious reasons . 
  my favorite parts of history classes were gustav vasa 's sons ( reminded me of got lol ) and sweden 's great power era . 
  im certain that being a racist is not illegal in any country . 
  discriminating based on racist beliefs yes , but not just being a racist . 
  if you look at the map you can see that former french colonies are learning english and former british colonies are learning french . 
  it makes sense to want to know how to speak to your neighbours . 
  my post was about hating countries due to their past actions . 
  you responded and disagreed . 
  i just put 2 and 2 together . 
  it may be , because of the language barrier but calling the turks enemies leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
  i know tensions may be high between greece and turkey but you guys are both part of nato so at least in paper you are allies . 
  i totally get that it 's easy to dislike a country if your government dislikes it . 
  you grow up hearing how bad it is , you are bound to dislike it . 
  my point is that i get why one would dislike the turkish state but i think it 's still wrong . 
  i mean , i dislike the russian government , but i like russia . 
  i find it ridiculous that you think im close minded , because i do n't support hating other countries . 
  no , i know greeks who do n't hate turkey . 
  should i hate france or russia for the crimes they committed against my family many decades ago ? 
  answer is no . 
  even you said it , it was 1922 . 
  1900 's were a terrible time where nationalism and imperialism costed millions of lives . 
  should all their descendants continue to hate each other ? 
  i think not . 
  it 's disgusting that hating turkey is a tradition and even more terrible that you try to defend it . 
  impossible , finland too stronk . 
  damn sorry dude . 
  i thought you meant the hatred to turkey comes from earlier than a 100 years ago . 
  apparently my reading comprehension is pretty shitty . 
  true , soviets/russia have succeeded turkey as the `` villain '' for most of eastern europe . 
  what did turkey do during wwii to earn your hatred ? 
  again still 70 years ago . 
  when you look at the people hating on turkey here they are mostly people from former ottoman lands , i just put 2 and 2 together . 
  yeah but it was over 100 years ago . 
  i just think it 's not okay to dislike turkey , because of the ottoman empire . 
  for what it 's worth my dad is from a former french colony and i like france . 
  people should n't hate modern countries , because of their imperial pasts . 
  yeah , i 've noticed it as well . 
  i suppose it 's because a lot of countries are still salty about the ottomans and erdogan gets a lot of hate in west . 
  yes , that is what i meant . 
  well people can convert . 
  well that does n't mean they were driven out . 
  it sucks though but it 's a museum now so it 's all good . 
  i find it hard to believe that there was n't a large number of mixing between byzantines and turks after the conquest , for 500 years but i 'll take your word on it . 
  yeah , i know about the population exchange between turkey and greece . 
  yeah that makes more sense . 
  killing converts i believe but i have trouble believing turks kicked all the byzantines out . 
  there was a population exchange between greece and turkey . 
  oh and of course the genocide too but the population exchange involved a lot more people . 
  you have a source to prove turks actually drove all of them out ? 
  hard to believe they would just kick all the residents out , especially because iirc modern turks have plenty of byzantine heritage . 
  my guess would be many just stayed behind , because they could n't afford to move to west or just did n't wan na leave and in time converted willingly or unwillingly or became minorities . 
  we spent the cold war as their bitch so i would n't put it that way . 
  yes , no one dares to speak anything ill of muslims ... . 
  who watches porn ironically ? 
  me too , i 've been googling windhoek and it looks like a pretty neat city . 
  the nature looks amazing too . 
  also depends on if we are talking about eastern finns or western finns . 
  you can divide finland pretty well genetically to western and eastern finns . 
  you sound like michael jackson from south park with your `` you 're ignorant '' schtick . 
  it is not ignorance . 
  east west division based on cold war sides is an actual thing . 
  or do you deny it ? 
  no amount of salt is going to change it . 
  yeah , i do n't get why some estonians want to act like freaking polandball memes unironically . 
  tbh nazi comparisons have lost their effect a long time ago . 
  everyone is a nazi these days depending on who you ask . 
  i would still visit istanbul if i had the money . 
  i mean i would visit moscow or st.petersburg too and putin is what erdogan is going to be . 
  im pretty sure any decent looking woman could get 72 virgins without dying . 
  spared is the wrong word . 
  otherwise all countries were spared . 
  and really i would n't call all that intellectual property going to us and ussr paltry . 
  i do n't see the point of your comment . 
  where have i claimed that germany should fully pay its war reparations ? 
  i even pointed out that only one country has done it . 
  i mean if we want to go that route i do n't think you can repay lost human life in anyway . 
  how am i downgrading anything ? 
  and not all allied powers had a choice , poland did n't . 
  even so germany is still paying reparations to israel . 
  no it was n't . 
  both west and east germany paid war reparations after the war . 
  many germans even paid reparations by working ( forced labour ) . 
  they paid part of their reparations and then it was forgiven . 
  saying they were spared is false , because otherwise you could argue every country except finland was spared from war reparations after ww2 , because finland is the only country that fully paid its reparations . 
  why would you think i was kidding ? 
  is this your first time hearing what war reparations are ? 
  germany was paying reparations until 1932 for ww1 , because they lost the war . 
  then a deal was made and it was over . 
  the same thing after ww2 but poland disagrees with the deal , because soviets pressured the puppet goverment to agree on a deal . 
  otherwise the reparation payments would have continued . 
  this is how it works . 
   that 's why we do n't do it but look to the future . 
  history disagrees with you . 
  we do it all the time . 
  when a country loses a war it pays reparation for the victors for the damages the war caused .
