  how is this even news to you ? 
  finland also paid war reparations for the ussr after ww2 , because we lost the war . 
  we are also the only country that fully paid for its war reparations after ww2 . 
  it is n't the same thing as conquering a country and paying reparations after it achieves independence . 
  i do n't even know if that is a thing . 
   cultural marxist the correct term is cultural bolshevism . 
  germany ( well prussia ) already made france pay reparations for napoleon 's shinanigans in 1871 . 
  pretty big ones too , 5 billion franks . 
  war reparations are an actual thing , i do n't see why people are acting like they do n't exist . 
  though im pretty sure germany has already made up for her actions to poland directly or indirectly . 
  russian spies , they 've blended in with locals almost perfectly . 
  hmm from what i 've heard from relatives there they did n't have a problem with the french troops in mali granted they are part of the upper class so their opinions are not representive of the average malian . 
  honestly i get why people want independence but mali is already a poor country with barely any natural resources , how poor would a possible islamic tuareg country be ? 
  their country would be a complete disaster . 
  i see no problem in the french wanting to help mali defeat them and build better relations with the moderate rebels . 
  also fuck the rebels for what they did to ancient manuscripts in timbuktu . 
  the sequel is always bigger . 
  you just have to think what the question means to different countries . 
  for sweden it means fighting against ~ ~ russia ~ ~ an invasion . 
  well then please tell me these insults for rural people in english without using american terminologies . 
  i mean you could use british terminologies too but it just misses the whole point of this lol . 
  every language has insults for rural people and when you translate the insults to other languages it should be obvious that you use a word that is a rough equivalent of it . 
  in finnish : juntti = hillbilly vittu = fuck otherwise people would have to switch to their native language for most insults . 
  hillbilly is used as a translation for the common insults for rural people . 
  the same happens in all languages and similar insults . 
  how else would you insult rurals in english without translating insults into english . 
  this is not the case with welfare queen . 
  how do you not understand this is beyond me ...  and to use your own argument against you , we also make fun of people in `` big cities '' for filling cities with 3rd worlders in 2 weeks . 
  umm this is cool and all but you are n't using my own argument against me . 
  why should you respect aryans ? 
  well yes it 's crystal clear . 
  is clay farming hillbilly from sk\u00e5ne something americans say ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  people in all cities insult make fun of rural people for being rural ( and vice versa ) , it 's not something copied from america . 
  welfare queen on the other hand is very specific and from america . 
  unless you identify as an ayran i do n't see how this makes fun of you . 
  so what is the reason ? 
  how is `` clay farming hillbilly from sk\u00e4ne '' the same as `` welfare queen '' ? 
  ah yes `` you disagree with me so you must be a child '' is always the best defense . 
  what if she/he lives with parents ? 
  that has nothing to do with being a welfare queen . 
  do you know what welfare queen means ? 
  who is blaming `` evil america '' ? 
  you are clearly projecting . 
  why do people need to copy insults from america ? 
  they just sound embarassing when used by europeans . 
  might as well just call people libtards and commies lol how is he/she a welfare queen ? 
  i do n't think anyone needs to run a scam to get welfare in sweden and i very much doubt she/he has kids . 
  no , it 's kinda funny and weird . 
  yeah that seemed like a weird addition . 
  there are plenty of actual dictators they could have parodied . 
  http://imgur.com/gallery/6e6ec someone should update this . 
  there are plenty of promising candidates to be anime girlified . 
  it 's not irrelevant . 
  the fact that it was recent makes it less likely to be included in history classes or at least as much as ww2 . 
  read the comments here and you can see plenty of people were n't thought about it in high school . 
  it was just the `` with only 46m people '' part that bothered me . 
   and also spain is the 5th economy of ue with only 46m people that makes spain the 5th most populous country in eu so it is n't that impressive . 
  it 's like germany boasting about how they are the largest economy in eu with only 82m people ... 
   lol you do n't get that your arguments about finland are exactly like that . 
  the difference of time is arbitrary . 
  lol nope . 
  it 's not arbitrary . 
  there is a lot more similar things in-between finland and other nordic countries than with estonia and nordic countries . 
  do you have nordic style social and economic structure ? 
  pretty much any lists place nordic countries close to each other , because our societies are so close and similar . 
  estonia is not up there . 
  yes , you can cry about the cold war and ussr but it is not going to change facts . 
  it affected the world and maybe estonia might have been considered a nordic country if it had n't become part of ussr and stopped being a dictatorship . 
  i doubt it but miracles happen lol . 
  but it did become part of ussr and now it is definitely not a nordic country . 
  it 's hard to accept but you should still try to . 
  exactly why should estonia be considered a nordic country right now ? 
   lol . 
  do you have any proof that if finland had become part of the ussr it would have still been called a nordic country ? 
  no i do n't . 
  and if we had become part of ussr and had not been considered a nordic country i would have accepted it instead of becoming a desperate wannabe nordic . 
  i mean even before ww2 we had closer relations with skandinavian countries than estonia . 
  and of course unlike estonia we were n't a dictatorship . 
   of course it did , but not for good !, 
  it 's not like cold war erased everything that there was before . 
  that 's why i told you that you are stuck in the cold war mentality !, 
  it was n't all bad , plenty of good changes happened during the cold war . 
  lol whatever you say . 
  there still is n't any reason to consider estonia a nordic country after the cold war . 
   it 's pathetic to be so unintelligent . 
  meh okay , at least im not desperately wanting to be part of the `` cool kids club '' in the internet . 
   good argument . 
  thanks  the first is a subjective statement , the other a factual one . 
  you can argue with the first ( but you have to have good arguments unlike you ) , but you can easily dismiss the other . 
  yes my arguments are shit unlike yours , `` estonia is a nordic country because sweden/denmark controlled it briefly '' . 
   when was finland called a nordic country before the time estonia vanished from most world maps and therefore could n't be included part of the same cold war era definition ? 
  see , that 's what you do n't get !!!, 
  so estonia has never been called a nordic country ? 
  okay . 
  that is all i wanted to know . 
  do you have any proof that if estonia had n't become part of ussr it would have been called a nordic country ? 
  cold war changed the world , deal with it . 
  it 's pathetic to be so desperate . 
   of course .
