  and still a difference too arbitrary for you to make an actual point out of this . 
  it 's not but okay . 
   yes , mostly university graduates and people , who have actually traveled , interacted , and read enough to know what they 're talking about . 
  haha sure . 
   very few things about estonia are `` crystal clear '' to people outside estonia ... well i know one thing is crystal clear , estonia is n't a nordic country . 
   it 's not ridiculous . 
  it just does n't know much about a small country that was occupied by the soviet union for a long time . 
  yeah only estonia knows its a nordic country . 
  kinda like only macedonia knows it 's a successor of alexander 's empire . 
   lol the truth is fun , is n't it ? 
   we are . 
  and that is a nordic country that was occupied by the ussr . 
  are you any more of `` your own thing '' considering you also claim to be a nordic country ? 
  when has estonia ever been called a nordic country at any point in time outside of estonia ? 
  it 's pathetic to have this kinda delusions . 
   sure , but you do understand that you are still talking about an arbitrary difference , right ? 
  they were both autonomous and that 's a fact . 
  whatever you say ... 
  the difference between the governorates and an actual autonomous region like finland was still huge . 
  ffs we even had our own currency . 
  you can repeat it how the difference was arbitrary all you want , it wont change facts . 
   experience . 
  but that must be with rather more educated finns . 
  yeah sure lol . 
   because your education system teaches a cold war era concept which is based on membership in the nordic council . 
  i must congratulate estonia for being the only country that has seen the light . 
  the rest of us stuck in cold war . 
   i care little for swag and latvians and lithuanians are definitely cool people for us as we have good relations with them . 
  we are only seeing the difference in culture and mentality with latvia , but mostly with lithuania . 
  this term `` baltic states '' is absolutely ridiculous for any other context than the soviet occupation . 
  estonia has a lot in common with latvia , but very little with lithuania . 
  even latvia has more in common with estonia than with lithuania . 
  yet it 's easy to generalize because the three look similar on a map and most people can not get past cold war era stereotypes . 
  all i 'm really saying here is that it 's not that black and white that `` finland definitely is a nordic country '' and `` estonia definitely is not '' . 
  such understanding is absolutely ridiculous and disregards so many facts in history and culture that it 's embarrassing . 
  nope , estonia is not a nordic country and will never be one . 
  it 's crystal clear for literally every country in the world except estonia apparently . 
  but then i guess the world is ridiculous . 
  the only thing that is embarassing is some estonians like you desperately wanting to be included in the nordic countries . 
  just be your own thing , it should n't be that difficult . 
  edit : hmm this comment makes me sound kinda like a douche and reminds me of the morons who hate on estonia in finland . 
  i apologize if it sounded like that . 
  estonia is a pretty cool place and let 's be honest here tallin is way more interesting and cooler city than helsinki . 
   sure , but in the end both were under russian rule and both had local autonomies . 
  you are trying to push some arbitrary difference here . 
  no im not . 
  estonia did n't have anything comparable to the autonomy of the grand duchy of finland . 
   so would you say that southwestern latvia has less russian influence because it was under russian rule also for a hundred years fewer than estonia and most of latvia ? 
  because what i think is that you are conveniently picking single facts and not seeing the general picture . 
  yeah , if it was part of russia for a shorter time it is pretty obvious it would have less russian influence unless there was some succesful campaigns to spread russian influence there that negated it . 
  and of course it was a pretty small area so resisting russian influence would have been much harder to do so the difference between rest of latvia might be minimal or nothing at all . 
   it 's weird to hear this from a finn . 
  but i understand , there must be unintelligent people in finland as well . 
  no need to insult others . 
  it should n't be weird . 
  what makes you think finns in general think estonia is a nordic country ? 
  in school and pretty much everywhere when we talk about nordic countries ( pohjoismaat ) we are n't including estonia . 
  the only ones who claim estonia is a nordic country are estonians in the internet who want to belong to a `` cooler '' club than the baltics ( which are pretty cool already ) . 
   i did n't say as much . 
  i am saying the difference is arbitrary and there is n't much you can argue against that . 
  well i guess if you say it 's arbitrary then it is lol . 
  almost 700 years of continuous swedish control compared to a few hundred years ( not even continuous rule ) of danish/swedish control and the difference is arbitrary . 
   and baltic governorates also had autonomy ... our russian influence was relatively small up until independence . 
  i really thought finnish education system would teach that much . 
  i meant we were an autonomous region meaning we had much more autonomy compared to estonia thus less russian influence . 
  and we were part of russia only 100 years compared to estonia which was part of russia far longer . 
   it 's not weird that people outside estonia do n't know jack shit about the country . 
  it 's weird to have illusions of ones own country eg . 
  estonia being nordic . 
  and claiming that estonia had as much ( or even close ) skandinavian influence as finland . 
  no , it 's not . 
  650 years of being east-sweden left a much larger impact on finland than a few hundred years of swedish/danish control of estonia . 
  how can you claim the difference is arbitrary is beyond me ... 
  especially because even after finland and estonia were part of russia finland had autonomy , so the russian influence was smaller . 
  is n't it a bit weird that the only people in the world who would claim something like this are estonians who would like to be considered as nordics ? 
  im guessing they 'll use a lot of british actors and actors who know some british accents . 
  that is what usually happens . 
  in some countries yes and in some countries dubbing live-action is absolutely haram . 
  it would be unthinkable to dub a live-action film that was n't meant for really young kids in finland . 
   in poland we have one-person voice over talking over the original actors do people like that ? 
  it sounds absolutely terrible and annoying ... 
  all this rambling about islamic wabababa does n't change the fact that it was a mosque . 
  it is a fact that it was indeed a mosque . 
  just because you feel like it should n't count as a mosque does n't matter . 
  when it comes to facts , an angry greeks ( i assume you 're greek , because this seems like a very touchy subject to you ) feelings are irrelevant . 
  this is like someone claiming that the tower of london is a royal castle instead a museum . 
  ridiculous and sad . 
   right , let 's have mediocre pop songs determine our understanding of real history !, 
  : / well it 's based on facts . 
  there is no constantinople anymore just like there are no new amsterdam or leningrad . 
   wtf 's the matter with you ? 
  he has gotten over it . 
  it 's ridiculous how much you care about haga sophia being a church or not . 
  it has history of being both a mosque and a church so the sensible thing is to keep it as a museum . 
  it 's istanbul not constantinople and it 's nobody 's business but the turks . 
  i do n't think you know what occupation means . 
  it is not retarded . 
  if a thief has beaten me and the wallet is practically his already i 'd rather see it burned then give it to him . 
  what makes you think this way ? 
  pretty much everyone i know in tampere and helsinki moved on their own when they started university .
