that 's because they are hard to translate well into english . 
  te second one is a pickup line though . 
  ikea , meatballs and vikings . 
  what 's not to love ? 
  `` your beauty blinds me ; i can look at the sun , but not at you '' when someone 's beauty even outshines the sun . 
  `` did it hurt when you fell from the sky ? '', 
  basically saying she is an angel . 
  selfish pig . 
  island of witches the infamous witch trials took place in my home town . 
  between 1728-1729 , 14 people died by burning . 
  king coloman banned witch hunting in 1100 , but the country was occupied by the habsburgs , who still had this law . 
  people also believed that these witches were also vampires . 
  the former judge and richest citizen of the town , a 82-year-old man was one of the victims . 
  on 23 july 1728 , 14 people were burned at the stake for witchcraft on a peninsula of the tisza , called boszork\u00e1nysziget ( island of witches ) . 
  the place is still called that . 
  ---------------------------------------- szeged was known as partiscum in the roman times and it 's likely that attila the hun had his seat somewhere in this area . 
  ----------------------------------------- revolution of 1848 hungary 's national hero lajos kossuth ( who is a controversial person in surrounding countries ) delivered his famous speech here . 
  szeged was the last seat of the revolutionary government in july 1849 . 
  ----------------------------------------- the great flood in 1879 , a great flood completely destroyed the city . 
  during the days of the flood , a rumor appeared about a prophecy . 
  `` the town of szeged will become great and beautiful once again if the dead return to the city '' . 
  and during the days of the flood , the water opened the sepulchral bounds ; the next thing the scared citizens saw were masses of coffins floating on the abandoned streets . 
  on 17 march 1879 , emperor franz joseph visited the town . 
  the nation of hungary and other nations supported the destroyed town in every way they could . 
  large donations arrived from countries such as austria , germany , russia , romania , serbia and turkey . 
  japan , china , india and persia also helped . 
  a famous hungarian painter living in france also helped raising donations . 
  as thanks to all the big cities who donated and helped the city , parts of the grand boulevard were named after them ( rome , wien , berlin , brussels , london , paris ) . 
  i 'm really happy that the romanians are finally dealing with corruption in their country , wish mine would do the same . 
  the country itself is beautiful ( at least the parts i 've seen ) and full of potential . 
  i 'm sure with a good leadership the country can become a successful state and romanians would no longer have a reason to migrate to western europe . 
  i do n't think i 've ever encountered a romanian gypsy outside of romania . 
  in my country the romanian truck drivers are a real pain though . 
  i remember sitting in my cousin 's car as a kid , and often when a romanian truck was in front of her she would swear a lot out of anger . 
  good times . 
  really ? 
  if the country is occupied by the nazis and the government are nazis too , the average citizens do n't really have much to say ... white terror is completely irrelevant here , the communists in hungary actively collected , jailed , and murdered hungarian noble families and wanted to create a communist state . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_soviet_republic here 's a quote : '' the nation was shocked by the communists ' thuggish enforcers , gangs of roving toughs who intimidated and murdered their opponents in what came to be known as the red terror . 
  this kind of vengeful internal violence was new to hungary , and whatever popularity kun 's regime had plummeted . '', 
  also interesting to note that the communist leadership was all jewish ; and they mass murdered ethnic hungarian nobles . 
  stop cherrypicking the parts to portray hungary as an anti-semitic country . 
  even your own source says that the hungarian nazis were not supported at all . 
  you should also link sources about hungarians who hid jews in their own houses to save them from the gendarmerie . 
  oh wait , that would portray hungary in a good light , you do n't want that . 
  you still claim hungarians supported the deportations . 
  they did n't . 
  as i said before , horthy was supported the most when he tried to break off the german alliance . 
  as someone else already said , if horthy was a nazi and the citizens supported deportation , why did the deportations only start in 1944 , after the germans occupied hungary ? 
  if the big evil hungarians wanted to deport those jews so badly , surely horthy would 've began the deportations sooner . 
  is it your goal to portray just hungary in a bad light ? 
  you say the population supported deportation , yet they did n't and the deportations only began after germany occupied the country . 
  you say the leadership was also anti-semitic , yet they actually postponed hitler 's orders . 
  horthy is such an evil man , yet he threw the pro-nazi prime minister out . 
  you link the white terror , but you forget to mention the red terror , which was the prequel and the cause of the white terror . 
  the communists murdered hungarians belonging to the old system ( nobles ) and wanted to create a communist state . 
  horthy , on the other hand , wanted to gain back territory where hungarians were the majority . 
  he actually supported his own nation . 
  the same ca n't be said about the communists . 
  i thought you meant they came from hungarians in slovakia , so i wanted to make things clear . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding  i do n't get why hanging a flag would be so bad that it has to be governmentally banned . 
  if it was provocation , you guys should just ignore it . 
  it 's not worth to make our relations worse just because some idiots want to go against the law that badly . 
  hungarians have a record of having the worst nationalists , after all . 
   i am sure that people in hungary never heard of those meals but for example kolozvarska kapusta or szegedinsky gul\u00e1\u0161 are really popular around here . 
  also halaszle is some tasty shit :d szegedinsky gulas is known as szegedi guly\u00e1s in hungary and it 's a hungarian dish . 
  kolozvarska kapusta is known as kolozsv\u00e1ri k\u00e1poszta and it 's also a hungarian dish . 
  neither the former nor the latter are from slovakia . 
  szegedinsky gulas got it 's name from a southern hungarian city known as szeged and kolozvarska kapusta is from a city called kolozsv\u00e1r ( in hu ) or cluj napoca ( in ro ) , located in transylvania . 
  so they are not dishes from the hungarian minority in slovakia . 
  szegedinsky gulas is a very well known dish . 
  then again , i actually live in the city where the food got it 's name from , so yeah . 
  but the name is actually a mistranslation in slovak , since the original name is sz\u00e9kelyguly\u00e1s ( sz\u00e9kely being the name of a hungarian minority in transylvania ) . 
  but plottwist , the food was not named after the minority , but after a high ranked hungarian officer whose family name was sz\u00e9kely . 
  hungary does n't really have a significant slovak minority and most of them live in villages ( where almost everyone is slovak ) and we do n't really bother them . 
  slovakia , however still has a big hungarian minority , southern slovakia even has a hungarian majority , so the difference between our minorities and slovakia 's minorities is different . 
  i have some slovak ancestry as well . 
  my great-grandmother was slovak , but her family were actually hungarians who assimilated into the slovak community centuries ago . 
  sadly my great-grandfather did n't let her teach slovak to my grandmother ( even though she wanted to ) , possibly because of political reasons . 
  rest in peace . 
  there were several other reasons for that and the `` people can go to church '' comment was just orban 's usual pro-christian dumbness . 
  the main reason was that some people had to work on sundays instead of x weekday so orban 's glorious idea was to reduce the amount of work by not allowing people to work on sunday , unless they are related to the owner ( = family businesses ) . 
  but it backfired , since now the bosses give + workhours to the workers on weekdays or on saturday . 
  and i doubt more people visit churches thanks to the law . 
  it 's not like 90 % of the country hates this law . 
  great . 
  so apparently the gendarmerie = average citizen . 
  are you serious ? 
  the prime minister of hungary ( k\u00e1llay ) was even anti-german and postponed germany 's orders . 
  in 1944 hungary was occupied by the germans and the mass deportations began . 
  in june 26 , 1944 , horthy ( hungary 's leader ) wanted to stop the deportations but the new prime minister ( pro-nazi ) prevented that from happening . 
  the gendarmerie you are talking about was forced out of the capital after a failed coup attempt . 
  on july 6 , 1944 , the deportations were stopped by horthy . 
  after august 23 ( romania 's attempt to jump out of the war ) , horthy elected a new minister instead of the old ( pro-nazi ) one , and as a result 250,000 jews from budapest were safe for a while . 
  on october 15 , horthy tried to jump out of the war , but he failed . 
  after that , the hungarian nazis took absolute control . 
  by the way , if hungary was so pro-nazi and anti-jew , how come horthy was the most popular during the time when he attempted to make peace with the soviets and break the ( forced ) alliance with germany ? 
  the new leader ( of the hungarian nazis ) was extremely anti-semitic and his dream was a `` hungary without jews '' . 
  he began the mass murdering of jews in hungary , not horthy . 
  and once again , i 'll point out that the gendarmerie ( which was under pro-nazi control ) is not the same as an average citizen . 
  wtf,
