  my country is supposed to be catholic . 
  2/3 of the religious population are catholic and the rest ( eastern hungary ) are protestant . 
  even though ~ 50 % of the population is religious on paper , sources claim that only 13-15 % of them actually follow the rules and live religiously . 
  for some reason my country 's leader 's mania is to say hungary is a christian country . 
  even though religion does n't really play a big part in politics . 
  i rarely see religious officials taking part in government related debates . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  why was n't it rebuilt ? 
  the soviets did n't let the government rebuild it ? 
  no , but you guys still did the exact same thing 20 years earlier . 
  i did n't forget . 
  in a war countries invade eachother , it 's nothing new . 
  we were allied with hitler , we wanted to gain back territory so we accepted his terms . 
  hungary helped hitler and occupied territories of slovakia where there was a significant hungarian minority , sometimes majority . 
  wait , did n't czechoslovakia do the same to hungary at the end of ww1 ? 
  nobody said we are completely innocent . 
  i 'm aware of my country 's mistake and the violence of our soldiers in yugoslavia and romania . 
  but the topic was about hungary 's view on the war so i focused on what was the most important to us . 
  we view it as a total disaster . 
  capital destroyed , several cities bombed , jewish minority eradicated . 
  and our leader was blamed for allying with the nazis and destroying jews , when that 's not the truth . 
  hungary actively defended jews and postponed hitler 's order . 
  the deportation of jews only began after the hungarian nazis took control . 
  and few people know this , but the gestapo kidnapped the leader 's only son and blackmailed him . 
  after the soviets arrived they mass raped women , even young kids . 
  i read a book that was written by the wife of a famous hungarian poet , who survived ww2 . 
  the soviets collected women in buildings and they proceeded to rape them one by one . 
  my grandmother was a kid during the war and her family fled from the regained transylvanian territory after the romanian and soviet armies began to move . 
  during her time in transylvania the enemy planes dropped toys with explosives in them and the town center warned the citizens not to pick them up . 
  she lived in an underground bunker for a long time with her grandmother and she could hear the bombings . 
  once they hid in a small house and a grenade landed in the house right next to them . 
  my great-grandfather was almost shot by a soviet soldier because he thought he was a german soldier ( he was a railman who served in transylvania during ww2 ) . 
  but not all russian soldiers were bad . 
  after the soviets occupied my country my grandmother had to live with russian soldiers . 
  their leader was a very nice man . 
  he defended her and did n't let the soldiers hurt her . 
  he even showed photos of his own daughter . 
  when the war ended and they came back to transylvania everything was gone , stolen . 
  after the war the soviets actively deported ethnic germans and hungarians from transylvania , the slovaks had a `` population exchange '' which was actually a ( successful ) attempt at reducing the hungarian minority in slovakia . 
  hungarians who had german names were also deported to the soviet union . 
  an estimated amount of 600,000 hungarians were deported and 200,000 never returned . 
  and nowadays our country barely has a german minority , thanks to the soviets . 
  our country was `` liberated '' by the russian soldiers , and as we all know they left a `` small '' garrison in hungary until 1989 ... hitler is seen as an insane man who is responsible for millions of deaths . 
  however , he also gave us back territories from czechoslovakia and transylvania ( romania ) were hungarians where the majority ( in the case of czechoslovakia ) or they made up 50-60 % of the population ( northern transylvania ) . 
  we did lose these territories after the war , so it does n't really matter . 
  because we have more history with serbia than we have with wallachia and moldavia . 
  south slavic ( like serbian ) had a much greater influence on hungary ( our language , cuisine , etc. ), 
  than romania . 
  for historical reasons i feel culturally connected to all the countries surrounding hungary . 
  well , in the case of romania and ukraine i only feel connected to the transylvanian and zakarpattian regions . 
  i love my nation 's culture , history and cuisine , but i absolutely hate the politics . 
  and the general pessimism of hungarians . 
  it refers to france during ww2 . 
  how they sacrificed poland to avoid war , how easily they surrendered to nazi germany and how they needed the usa 's and uk 's help to win . 
  and then they posed as the heroic winners of the war . 
  usually french haters say this . 
  the list is missing some traditional , albeit extreme ones . 
  france : cowards and stuck up people slovakia : goat bangers balkans : aggressive people russia : 1956 and commies turkey : ottomans croatia : cheap holidays also polish & hungarian friendship < 3, 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  but we really have no similarities at all , so it was a bit surprising . 
  snoop dogg and europe just do n't go well together it seems :d next time the polish authorities will jail him for walking around with 2 guns . 
  southern ... estonians ? 
  strangely enough the `` women with mustaches '' refers to bosnia in my country . 
  who woulda thunk it ? 
  i think romania is a bit more dangerous than the baltic countries and the czech republic , since romania has a much bigger gypsy population and public safety is much better in baltic states . 
  yes , romania is n't more dangerous than the rest of eastern europe though . 
  my country also has the same problem with gypsies . 
  my country has the dumbest far-right nationalists and even we hate them . 
  they do n't represent us in any way . 
  i 'm not saying romania is a bad country , in fact i really like it . 
  just wanted to make that clear . 
  i can only imagine haha and what do you guys do when you are drunk ? 
  i know you can feel threatened in bigger countries too , in fact i think paris is a million times more dangerous than romania . 
  but the topic in this case is eastern europe . 
  i have been to romania too , and i heard some unpleasant first hand experiences as well . 
  you can get robbed and attacked anywhere , but areas with gypsies are more dangerous , and romania has a lot of them . 
  i 'm not sure if your last line is an insult towards my country , but i should remind you that [ romanians ] ( http://errc.org/article/being-a-gypsy-the-worst-social-stigma-in-romania/1385 ) are not exactly tolerant towards the gypsies either . 
  hungary has delicious sausages :p you forgot to add that bosnia and serbia are having a drunken fistfight . 
  everyone knows you are well known for promoting drugs and rapping about it every year , and when authorities stop you for drug testing , you immediately pull the race card . 
  `` romania is just as safe as any other western country '' . 
  this gave me a good chuckle . 
  your bias is obvious . 
  when you get robbed or attacked by gypsies i would n't call it `` safe '' . 
  i 'm not saying romania is dangerous , i said some poor villages are unsafe . 
  when the romanians themselves admit gypsies cause a lot of problems in romania , somehow i ca n't believe it 's that safe . 
  i also never claimed you have to be afraid in romania . 
  the bigger cities are safe , but unwary tourists might wander to neighbouring villages and get robbed . 
  perhaps you never heard of the incident when a guy accidentally hit a gypsy girl on a motorbike because the girl ran in front of him , and then her whole family lynched him . 
  even though the little girl did n't suffer any serious injuries . 
  the smaller villages in transylvania and the poor areas in northeast romania . 
  it 's not really dangerous since you just have to avoid these areas though . 
  but tourists can be a bit unwary . 
  compared to the rest of europe we are really behind . 
  even if eastern european countries are about the same level , we are still doing bad . 
  only the czech rep and slovenia , perhaps the baltic states are okay . 
  by the way , hungary is not doing great at all . 
  1/4 of the population is living under the minimum wage . 
  greece is a whole new level of bad , they ca n't be compared to the rest of europe . 
  ** hungary ** - a hungarian university student was beaten up because the attackers thought her boyfriend was an immigrant .
