  the greatest unknow genius , inventor , sportsman , criminalist , poet , writer and philosopher . 
  [ his best known image is this auto-bust ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/cimrman_autobusta.jpg ), 
  [ limon\u00e1dov\u00fd joe ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058275/?ref=m_nv_sr_3 ) edit : link fixed, 
  fiber 50mbps down & up 15 $ city ( prague ) edit : no fup or any other limit, 
  lots of vietnamese markets here . 
  they have the usual + spices , noodles , sriracha or canned stuff from se asia . 
  it 's not served warm , they will cool your beverage in the cooler before serving . 
  so it is still cool , but not freezing and diluted by the ice . 
  yes !, 
  i read the same many times as a kid . 
  everything from karel may - vinnetou books etc. 
  i even have few of the first edition books in czech . 
  also jules verne , tolkien , robinson crusoe books , the acient greek & roman tales ( heracles , perseus etc. . ) and many czech fairy tales and adventure book eg from jaroslav foglar . 
  probably the least appealing is belarus . 
  daily , we have large vietnamese minority . 
  might as well go all-in for sherlock ferrari von habsburg, 
  illegal , but commonly tolerated and allowed on medical prescription ( which is extremely hard to get ) . 
  you can smell it in the parks often during the summer . 
  book it few days in advance and you 'll be fine, 
  if you approach with broad american smile while shouting `` hello my friend !, 
  '' , they will definately pretend not to understand you . 
  we are generally not that fond of pushy salesmen . 
  if you 're just trying to have a coversation , try taking it easy and not look like you just want their money . 
  these are the ones i would desire to live in similarly to us . 
  obviously other czechs will have wildly different opinions, 
  alza.cz for online shopping , mostly electronics, 
  mexico , colombia , brazil , ukraine, 
  i would , following by demanding corridor area from the austrians . 
  * waves hand *, 
  prague vs brno prague vs ostrava prague vs basically everyone in the countryside . 
  i guess the rivalry of capital against rhe rest is common in other countries too . 
  another one is a rivarly between the sister cities of hradec kralove vs pardubice . 
  it always manifests the most during sport matches , football and hockey in particular . 
  cznet - they start on 50mbps for 400kc . 
  15 $ / month for 50mbps optical , no limit, 
  nobody replaced him . 
  chuck would find them if they did . 
  both are great for sightseeing , just google it and see if you like it, 
  check out bruges or koln on the way . 
  water 95 % of time , otherwise beer . 
  18y and everyone is ignoring it . 
  i 'd say responsible education about drinking is way better than setting arbitrary age restrictions . 
  czech guy here , record low unemployment in our country . 
  i think in jan , there were 1,4 ppl for every open job position in prague . 
  so yeah , easy to get a job . 
  czech technical university  charles university when it comes to it imho, 
  fb messenger , slack and skype for business ( unfortunately ), 
  . . right . 
  i was wondering what 's the deal with proofs of concepts . 
  bottle of absinth . 
  it 's true i kinda omitted lots of hunters with rifles/shotguns etc. 
  so i guess there is some of it in the rural areas . 
  but from the advertising pov , there really isnt any gun culture . 
  which is good . 
  i 've never seen a gun ad in my life . 
  someone might correct me , but i think it might be illegal in czech republic to advertise guns . 
  that , or the virtually nonexistent gun culture . 
  oh yeah , the hockey championship frenzy is definately bigger . 
  the national football was playing subpar for years . 
  but look at every small village - it has its own football team , playing some minor league . 
  often complemented with various junior teams . 
  so footbal is more present imho, 
  football # 1 ice hockey very closely second tennis , biathlon and various athletic sports are next edit : florbal is getting bigger every year, 
  \u0160kodolibost - enjoyment of someone else 's misery, 
  berlin-dresden-prague-brno-vienna-bratislava edit : south alternative route through munchen-linz-graz north alternative route through walbrzych-wroclaw-krakow, 
  any reason to have a beer is good one i suppose , 
  me and my friends never used it , although i know it from english shows . 
  ( centeal bohemia/prague ), 
  really ? 
  where exactly in cz ? 
  i never heard anyone use it, 
  uncommon . 
  i guess tourists pay in euros sometimes ( large shops and touristy restaurants accept them ) , but cards are widely accepted almost everywhere , sot that 's always a nice alternative . 
  most kids get them here as well, 
  it 's common , but many cities prohibited drinking in centers/parks because loud and drunk and often homeless ppl were making mess there . 
  tatra mountains might suit you, 
  i do n't mind the accent at all , unless people try to force the old-timey british accent - like they 're in downton abbey , not corporate open office . . 
  very big , pretty much always the most watched sports event that year . 
  especially popular sports : summer - athetics , kayak & kanoe races and slaloms winter - ice hockey , biathlon, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but herculres was the hero 's name in the roman myth . 
  in the greek one , it was heracles . 
  portugal, 
  nah , i 'd rather replaced mississippi with alabama , tennessee with kentucky and massachusetts with rhode island . 
  there 's sort of love/hate thing for becherovka here , afaik, 
  coffee or water . 
  unless it 's bachelor 's party/bros getaway weekend . 
  then , all bets are off . 
  beleive me , i know  does n't mean we 're just beer country though, 
  all czech people drink is beer . 
  breakfast , dinner , little children or elderly , everyone drinks beer all the time ... 
  i mean cmon , we have plenty of wines and spirits here as well ... 
  those double letters ... even after years of being fluent in english , i still have to check how to spell words like ` business ' or ` accommodation ' :d, 
  so what , like renaming eu to british empire and inviting the rest of commonwealth ? 
  used to be way more minor states here , but most got claim fabricated on by france , austria or ottomans . 
  as for uni studies , you 'd have to pass entrance exams for most bachelor programmes ( not that hard ) . 
  the price differs in every university , you should fit within max 10k usd for most . 
  eu citizens study for free , but unless you 'll get citenzenship , you 'd have to pay or get a scholarship . 
  i assume getting study visa is a piece of cake once you 're admitted . 
  [ finland does n't exist ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/finlandconspiracy/comments/52f5ae/the_finland_conspiracy_and_all_you_need_to_know/?st=ixrlf3rh&amp;sh=d827f7e0 ), 
  regular master in czech republic requires either bachelor degree in the same field , then you 're usually admitted without any exams .
