  and guess what , we would do it again regardless of how you think of us . 
  something annoying a few days ago that people with to much time on their hands did to get bigger e-penises . 
  difference is , the uk will pay it back , countries like roamania , hungary , greece etc. . yeah its more than a bit of a gamble . 
  its not the first time hungary has caused concern to the eu with their position over migrants is it ? 
  england and australia lol, 
  pretty much everywhere in the world that , why would you want to go from spain to anywhere really . 
  the food , the weather , the lifestyle , it 's just a lazy man 's paradise . 
  it 's bought by just over 1 in 40 in the uk , literally builders and 50 to 60 something pub regulars . 
  mostly yeah , it 's 90 % celeb gossip and my dad fucking hates that but he buys it daily for the sport, 
  and marca is 99 % lies haha . 
  spain has plenty of chavvy people though , when i was a kid and used to holiday in spain in my aunties new build . 
  my mates were the local spanish chavs , they used to shoot people with bb guns and smash windows . 
  every house in the south of spain has bars on the windows because of robbers . 
  because you are poor , well , you are equivalent to the british poor anyway . 
  the best and worse media is in the uk, 
  yeah but the type of people who post on unitedkingdom are quite common on here aswell , except they are from all over europe . 
  the one thing the eu can unite on ? 
  fucking the eu up even more , britains the real problem , the immigrants are a non entity apparently . 
  yes but alot of african nations are going to be seriously affected by climate change . 
  education and investment is one thing , hundreds of millions potentially having no home is another . 
  haha yeah , the europeans and the brits stopping integration is the real problem , not the millions of africans . 
  that is exactly the reason brexit happened and other nations are becoming increasingly far right , something europe has a track record of . 
  britains the real problem ... ha , this sub . 
  how does that help , thats basically saying the problem is fine , we will take them off your hands , when it happens again just give us a call . 
  but they will just come back and come back and come back etc. 
  if the foreseeable future is shit in your country , and the future past that is genuinely frightening then why the fuck would they stay . 
  africa is going to be going through massive crises in the next few decades , there is nothing to keep those people there . 
  he was a massive cock who tortured people he didnt like , rewarded those who did his bidding ... he was literally a archatypcal dictator . 
  i dont really respect people that need dictators to rule them otherwise they turn into chaos and blame the west . 
  if the people of a land are so weak that they need dictators to rule over them , i really would rather just let them self destruct and not allow any into our borders . 
  get real , if you think that people in a land that is expected to literally fuck itself into overpopulation whilst not really having land to live on decides not to move to the nice green place a few thousand miles and borders over , your having a laugh . 
  and then we are left paying our own populace who lost jobs/not needed anymore and are stuck with immigrants who have literally been made useless , easiest solution ? 
  dont let them in unless they have vital skills necessary to a countries growth/stability . 
  to be honest , that could have described any eu country pretty much . 
  wont happen though with the current people in charge , and the people after them . 
  no backbone in the eu , well ... they are trying to grow one to teach the nasty british a lesson , but millions of immigrants who will in the majority do nothing but suck money from whatever country they end up in , commit crimes , rape local women , rob people , sell drugs etc and eventually take over complete areas of cities until every white person has vanished ? 
  yeah let them do what they want , we need to show the brits how serious we are . 
  thank fuck ... . i am on an island , the only significant immigration we get is from our previous exploits and with indians being the most common immigrant in the uk , i cant complain , solid workers who commit very little crime and within a generation their offspring is usually excelling and contributing to the local economy at far greater rates than the natives of most eu nations , the uk included . 
  i think ill happily wave goodbye to the eu and watch mainland europe be swamped by the likes of the eritreans , syrians etc if brussels does nothing to stop them and every other country just goes along with it , will serve them right . 
  and talking about what is sustainable ... nothing is sustainable , literally ... nothing . 
  we are within a few decades going to be facing the most mammoth invasion of immigrants that the world has ever seen , and at the same time a dwindling european population . 
  we are ultimately fine as we are , the odd % of immigrant from a country that isnt complete 3rd world is the only way that we can allow any immigrants into europe . 
  its not like we havent been letting people in for decades either , all of the incoming swarm is on on top of the people already here . 
  the next invasion will begin the decline of europe/western civilization , it sounds dramatic but its true , we as europeans are going to be vastly outnumbered in decades on all sides and it needs to stop now , this isnt sustainable farming , its sustainable survival . 
  we cant play games with our own culture at the expense of seeming mean , were not the ones fucking at rates that are just obscene . 
  the coming decades are turning points in humanity , what our nations do in the next few years to combat the inevitable plague of our own species ( i dont want to use these terms to describe people from specific regions but really , it is going to be akin to a swarm of locusts on our land ) running rampant . 
  we pay that , and we have ten fold the numbers of european people in the uk compared to brits abroad . 
  spain is a third world dump bordering on collapse but is being held up by our chavvy tourists and pensioners yet they mock , ha . 
  try close to 50 % youth unemployment , and the 50 % that are employed , a great deal of them are due to british tourism . 
  lol , downvoting me pointing out that spain has 50 % youth unemployment and that millions of brits live/visit spain and contribute billions to the economy ? 
  why downvote actual verifiable facts ? 
  the eu flag according to europeans ... germany . 
  ah , it played out like the real eu then . 
  its reddit , your average person in europe does not give one fuck about the eu , nobody mentions the eu , 4 countries i have lived in in europe and i cant recall one time people discussed the eu and i have lived with academic type professionals mostly , we are all europeans , hence the name of the sub . 
  you see the turnout for the recent eu celebrations in some cities in europe ? 
  i see more people in a supermarket car park , the uk pro eu one had more than all of them combined by the looks of it . 
  and like i said this is reddit , these subs attract a fringe population with fringe opinions , go onto the uk sub and 99 % people ( like myself ) wanted the uk to remain . 
  on here you would think le pen had no followers etc , its a very very left , liberal type of place and to be honest , the opinion here and most other political subs on reddit you would struggle to find at a percentage of say 30 % or more in the real world . 
  people who post here are literally on the fringe of society . 
  i dont even care about the eu anymore , our departure is a huge blow to them , there is only 2/3 countries that matter , and only 1 of them really does ( and funnily enough they are the ones that genuinely benefit and have special exemptions , i.e give us all the money ) . 
  i am pro eu but seeing peoples attitudes on this sub , the only people in europe who actually care about the eu , i can say ... fuck them . 
  our capital city has a gdp of more than 50 % of eu states , i no longer want to be bossed around by a nation like belgium , whilst the french and germans decide what every other nation does then belittles the uk for trying to go against them ( surely the vast vast vast difference in culture and opinion in europe , the uk being the only one that going against the grain seems like complete bs , most just dont have a voice or are ignored ) , italy is a big player but gets literally zero respect and is never mentioned aswell , shit like that angers me . 
  people act like the uk is the only one that causes trouble , purely because we sometimes go against the french/germans on some really shitty matters that people should be able to discuss or vote on , not trust shite elected meps , most people arent even aware of 99 % of the stuff that gets voted on in the eu that actually affects them . 
  the uk was a good balance , now its just going to be a free for all , anything that wants to get passed will get passed and all the nations which basically have no voice are going to be further ignored at the expense of germanys growth . 
  its literally an expansion of germanys will , the eu was created to stop germany invading its neighbors , now they are in charge of it , germanys long con . 
  on the 7th day they went to mosque . 
  how can they , most of them are 2nd world . 
  fuck it , people are fickle , countries that british people died to ensure freedom are now going against us and sucking up to the reich fuhrer where that damage come from . 
  ancestors of mine died so that countries had national sovereignty , not a union run by germans . 
  the eu has literally gone full circle , created to stop the germans invading everyone , and now exists so that the germans dont need to invade anyone haha . 
  if i am paying a gym membership and each year i give 5 times as much as i put in , i would claim that when i leave its in fact the gym that owes me money and is in debt to me . 
  fuck off eu debt , cant beg for money off the uk when half the eu states are a joke and contribute nothing apart from potential criminals . 
  most eu member states can barely react to someone being punched , the attacks in france ( probably the most military/police heavy country in europe ) had fucking horrific response times , and half the fuckers still got away and crossed borders . 
  eu security is literally , oops where did they go ? 
  how is it ? 
  if anything it means that its a good way for the eu to pick up some slack . 
  if some people stopped driving ferraris around it doesent somehow make them slower does it ? 
  i would rather people obey authority than riot and burn cars in the street 6 days a week . 
  you cant get any more useless than the french intelligence service , and they are probably the best in europe after the uk . 
  oh well , we are still here , we are still an hour or two away from anywhere you would actually want to go to in europe . 
  we are still europeans and that cant change . 
  its not ideal but its democracy , i am not holding out high hopes for the eu either , 2 countries left with any real clout and they are being ravaged by extremism and a style of politics which really is akin to self harming . 
  i doubt the eu is going anywhere but our leaving is severely damaging for a union where our capital city has a gdp equivalent to half of the nations in the union and a union which seems to prioritise allowing countries which offer nothing into it whilst passing laws no one is even aware of . 
  and something that is impossible , i lived like a king in budapest/prague for a few months with money that would have lasted me a few weeks in the uk . 
  that cant change in years , or even decades , it takes generations . 
  lets be fair , ive lived in budapest and looking at the rhetoric from there , you lot are far more anti eu , racist , and can barely stand on two feet . 
  to be fair , so has almost every european nation , this silly idea of the eu as some handholding masturbatory event only exists on reddit , look at the recent turnout for the commemoration of the eu , ive seen more people walking to the car park from the supermarket . 
  ive lived in 4 countries in europe and ive never heard anyone mention the eu like its mentioned on here , theres no solidarity of harmony . 
  i have far more in common when visiting countries in scandinavia , or netherlands etc and culturally i dont really feel out of place , thats european values , not eu , when british soldiers were dying fighting against germans to liberate the dutch , it wasnt some eu flag that did it , it was the eu flag that was needed to stop them doing it again . 
  http://i.imgur.com/xlxus.jpg i dont think the eu is going to have much choice in that regard . 
  theres plenty of bargaining chips , the problem is that no matter what happens , they will all come back into the pot at some point . 
  londons economy is the equivalent of almost all major cities in europe combined , thats a bargaining chip , london is worth like 5 romanias for example , yet regardless of all the contributions the uk has made and all the deals ... there is no such thing as a bargaining chip for any country , what if germany left , what would they say ? 
  nothing , they have no chips either , they need to trade to survive at the end of the day regardless of power , they are going to continue trade with the eu under some form so any economical chips are lost , the only real chips any one in the eu zone has in terms of power is actual military/security , financial side of things no matter what happens comes back into play , be it at increased tarrifs/rates , the only bargaining chip any eu country has is its military . 
  its not like one country has a super secret component to the eu machine and without one another you cant make the eu work , from the biggest country to the smallest country there is no bargaining chip because mutual trade is so beneficial even if its not from within the eu zone . 
  he does have a point , theres a fair few bangladeshis around me and one of my best mates growing up was one . 
  his house fucking stank every time haha , there was quite literally curry being cooked 12 hours a day , and his dad owned 3 restaurants aswell so he couldnt escape it . 
  its not racist to say that a house owned by a large bangladeshi family will probably need new wallpaper , curtains etc , its not racist to notice these things . 
  i still go out a few times a month with my bangla friends and their clothes stink of curry , they even make comments on it so they notice it aswell . 
  its nothing bad personally , its just something that you expect and most of us love curry , if your going into a house with a family of 6-7 of pakistani origin etc , you know it will smell of curry , its not a bad smell but it will linger for a long long time . 
  if im at home and my dads cooking chips on the frier , i stink of oil and chips .
