somewhere i can run to to escape my many crimes . 
  thats like the ultimately classic pub quiz type of question , everyone knows it but theres always one who hasnt heard of it yet and remains convinced they are correct . 
  there is literally no need , the culture of the uk and the anglosphere is nowadays , worldwide culture . 
  i know a bit of french , enough to get by and i am sure if i lived in france for 6 + months i would be fluent , i can speak a little bit of hungarian etc but i have no need or desire to do further . 
  outside of learning to travel , work etc , which is unnecessary as english is the main language , the main reason is for entertainment , and its dominated by us/uk shows , actors ... speaking english . 
  any hollywood film generally has 20 % of the cast as brits atleast , and many leading roles , and the uk movie industry some years has more hits than hollywood so the desire to learn another language is non existent yet if you want quality entertainment ... learn english . 
  yeah but i would say that 90 % of europeans i meet who arent scandinavian/dutch have shite english and thats usually their only other language . 
  yeah well the scottish ones are similar numbers , people pick and choose and ignore the other numbers when the agenda of the loudest voice goes against it . 
  pretty much spot on , atleast on our island our nationalism isnt akin to being far right nutters like most the mainlanders haha . 
  to true though , everyone is using everyones agendas and prejudices against each other under the veil of `` we are one of you '' . 
  well the way things are turning out in europe , they are not far wrong . 
  far right parties and groups in the uk barely get 100 people , in europe at the moment they are serious contenders . 
  surely as you most certainly know ... freedom is not being part of a union ? 
  ( if you want to play that card ) . 
  france would be fine , italy is on a thin line currently and whilst i think they could go it alone , right now ? 
  nope . 
  because countries that can contribute , strangely enough , have some leverage . 
  if you are trying to sell your car to two people , one of them is waving cash in his hand but asking for you to fix a few of the problems , and the other one wants it as is but can only pay a fraction of the cash , who do you choose ? 
  a marginal amount of people who could be arsed to vote chose it , and they were people you wont find on here for 2 reasons , they are mostly old , they are common as fuck and wont know what reddit is . 
  i voted to remain but since then i want to leave now due to the odious sentiments i have seen arise . 
  i didnt realise that it was either eu or nothing , if the eu cant cooperate with someout not in the eu how are they such a cough cough success . 
  i studied economics for 4 years , that makes no sense . 
  from my visits their i find it really boring , everyone plays online slots and drinks while ramming snus into their mouth lol there really must be nothing to do unless your highly athletic it 's a very idealised place , it 's kind of like how in the film hot fuzz they keep winning village of the year ... you would n't want to live there though haha . 
  goes without saying , russia is also in the shadow of our strategic partner , sending an outdated barely serviceable vessel to the med as a show of force against the yanks , hardly worrying . 
  and russia is in the shadow of all of europe economically, 
  sorry , but you cant use the term inhumane in reference to illegal immigrants time spent in detention , when these people are actually coming from usually inhuman regimes/countries , detention to a refugee is still temporary freedom . 
  why are you being downvoted , thats strangely enough pretty much what i just said for wales so thats a similar observation despite several borders . 
  roma gypsies are more likely to just steal off the back of an open truck , or if they saw a car door open type of thing , whereas people robbing your house are more likely lithuanians , slovaks etc. 
  most of the `` eastern-europeans '' in reference to uk/ireland are often central or even southern , they just come from places people think are in eastern europe . 
  from my experience , i have worked with police , semi recently and am fairly up to date with criminal cases in courts etc , i would say the numbers are similar here in wales , and even worse in some places in england where there are whole streets taken over by romas/slovaks who just stand in the street all day drinking . 
  from what i have seen it depends on the local area , currently near me there is alot of slovakians involved in crime , they have been for a while and i know of a few dodgy ones from my area aswell , they dont really come in big numbers but most are up to no good . 
  roma gypsies are roma gypsies , they are always involved in crime wherever they are , they are mostly opportunistic thieves as opposed to robbing houses i find though , more likely to just snatch something or rob of the back off a truck type of thing . 
  plenty of poles aswell but in some places around here the poles are like a tenth of the population so its probably inline with their population numbers or even lower , compared to `` native '' citizens so whilst there are alot of poles committing crime , its atleast in proportion to their population whereas sadly with people from places like slovakia/lithuania , the vast majority of people i know from those countries are here for criminal reasons , often have criminal records and are still committing crimes . 
  i live in a fairly working class area but aside from the nearby council estate , most people are homeowners , there are very few council houses on my street , maybe 3 ( and its a really long street , over 200 house numbers ) and 2 of those houses have non brits in . 
  on my street there is 2 poles who i walk my dog with every day when they take theirs over , they are hardworkers who have decent jobs which arent in the cliche polish worker category and pay their mortgage etc and have been in the uk for a decade , then the two council houses have some dodgy roma in it , about 9 of them , none of them work and they all have kids and just walk around all day doing fuck all , and the other house has what im guessing are people from the balkans who are always up to no good and rob stuff from peoples gardens nearby , luckily they are on the opposite end of my street and i dont have to them , better off shooting them . 
  well it cant be the russians , they can never do anything wrong , its the west ... or ghosts . 
  a new state of the art mri machine costs in the region of 2-3 million euros lol , 3 million isnt buying toilets in a hospital . 
  except that this was probably 99 % likely somewhat related to mafia/organised crime . 
  well , losing anything is , the uk will always exist , its a physical place , the eu can fail , especially when the bulk of countries are akin to belgium and contribute fuck all . 
  haha how does it , the uk , scandinavia , netherlands , belgium , france and germany could probably agree on a decent amount of stuff , and we are all of a similar level of wealth/health/education etc. 
  add in countries like hungary , romania , slovakia and its a serious shit show . 
  saying europe has the same values etc is like saying africa is a country . 
  yeah course they will , they can stop the mass immigrant crisis to and poor nations needing propping up . 
  they could have stopped any number of the problems they are currently facing , often several years ago but they still havent . 
  thats the main problem with the eu , they ignore the eu wide problems until they become national problems then they let the national governments worry about it . 
  it can only be a good thing to one or two wealthy countries , you can only make so money off the small countries with sub 10m population so its down to germans or french to make the cash , for italians , uk etc their isnt as great of a need to be in the eu since the monopoly on alot of trade is held by zee germans . 
  yep , not a fan of the greek fiasco . 
  i did study economics ... in 2008 so i got a front row seat to the shit of the recession . 
  the treatment of greece was and still is abhorrent and completely mishandled . 
  nobody hates it , people dislike the idea of it as it is essentially an institution . 
  people love europe though , thats the difference , thats why i find it funny when some people on here mock people who voted for brexit . 
  they didnt vote to leave europe , they voted to leave the eu , most people on here are abnormal in the sense that you wont find their opinion to be common place , and that goes for reddit as a whole regardless of what sub you are on . 
  and dont do a poll on here , remember reddit is generally quite liberal and left leaning . 
  if you go onto the uk sub and did a poll to see who wanted brexit , you would get 98 % against it . 
  reddit attracts a specific demographic . 
  anyway , europe is loved , thats all that matters , europe is going to be there no matter what and i have lived and loved quite literally in several european countries and i felt at home in most of them and never particularly alienated . 
  the issue is `` the eu '' , it isnt really in your average person of europeans thoughts , they might see the odd news article but really the reality is people are just ambivalent , life exists without it , they still have their identity . 
  the only people who seem to actually truly care about the eu are the germans and when i was there , i didnt really see or hear anyone mention the eu , thats just my observations of this board . 
  ive been to germany several times and never saw anything eu related or had any discuss it with me but theres alot of germans on here with specific agendas . 
  it isnt hated , its just really not needed for most people and really doesent come into the conscious thoughts of most citizens . 
  the irony is at this specific moment , in terms of raw numbers the uk probably has 100 times as many people current vocal about support for the eu than the next country . 
  i dont hate the eu personally , i hate how small countries with zero influence , historically or current , and low gdp , low skill etc can dictate to other countries , and i hate the obvious germany/france favoritism that when questioned on will cry how the uk gets special treatment despite germans economy literally transforming into a behemoth since becoming active within the eu . 
  yeah sorry the uk does n't have delusions of grandeur , it has a culture that 's spread throughout the world . 
  go to anywhere in the world you will see british football on tv screens , british actors , tv shows etc , brands , language being spoke etc no other place in the world aside from ones we created have as much cultural impact , nowhere in europe comes close to the uk in terms of worldwide fame so to speak , then add in one of the biggest economies in the world and the 2nd largest arms manufacturer . 
  . . yeah . 
  the uk is not even arguably one of the most influential countries in the world , it clearly is by stats alone and to claim the uk has delusions of grandeur is beyond stupid , especially when you are from a country most people ca n't even pinpoint or name anything that has evet been achieved by it . 
  the only equal states are germany and france , everyone else is meant to feel like they receive special treatment if they receive anything . 
  it 's a regret but as other non brits have said here , the eu is facing serious problems and they just are n't being addressed , they are being ignored if anything . 
  how do you know that ? 
  most people in eu countries know very little of what laws are passed , and most do n't leave their own areas and want zero immigrants ... they are not being listened to are they ? 
  yeah well you need a line , if i shot 20 people and said it 's to stop the robot uprising you would n't call me a terrorist, 
  almost every attack is followed by reports of gunfire and other attackers and is almost always bs, 
  most of cardiff centre is fairly inaccessible apart from near the castle and even then it 's still mostly pedestrianised and it works well , obviously in large cities with sprawl like london it 's not really possible . 
  we had someone in 2012 use a van to run people down , killed one woman . 
  a crazy pole though not terrorist . 
  haha , ireland is far more xenophobic than the uk , i wouldnt want to be any colour other than white and live in ireland . 
  no one really gives a shit across europe , 4 european countries i have lived on , none of my 1000 + friends who i have semi regular contact with on facebook have mentioned brexit apart from once or twice , and they certainly dont mention the `` eu '' , no real people care about these things , they care about their own nation . 
  reddit isnt reality . 
  where do people keep getting this idea that scotland really wants to be in the eu , 40 % voted out . 
  the few scots i know want full independence , from the uk/eu . 
  romania , slovakia and bulgaria hardcore . 
  damn , my toilets contents have a higher gdp than those 3 combined . 
  pathetic early , those 3 countries are leeches of the eu and every slovak or romanians i know over here are criminals , the only stance they have on the eu is how the fuck are we allowed in . 
  ironically apart from the obvious 2 , the rest of the hardcore group are basically 3rd world . 
  no its not , it 's like if you were paying to be a member of a club and left , a footballer gets paid , they do n't pay the club, 
  except it 's only truly france who has any capabilities, 
  beats invading them . 
  he is obsessed with the uk , has been in other threads . 
  weird really , thinks that somehow the uk has control and france and germany are the ones being held to ransom by the uk essentially . 
  yep , tell that to all the other states which dont get a fraction of the benefits that the likes of germany get , oh no the uk vetoed another law which would throw an extra percentile of eu total rule to germany , how dare they . 
  he wont be called charles though , probably farid or hakim . 
  the eu wont be around in a few decades , fairly certain of that , not that i want it to fail , just for the simple fact that its basically a franco-german union with a bunch of tiny countries that france or germany pay zero attention to . 
  lol load of shite , not heard one person mention blue passports , death penalty is about 50 % in many `` bigger '' eu countries , i dont believe 53 % want goods sold in pounds and ounces , what a load of tripe . 
  honestly though , whats that bad about those things thinking about it ? 
  go to france and they have a similar number wanting death penalty , go to ireland and its illegal to get an abortion , go to many places in europe and gay rights are decades behind the uk , well to be honest , most civili/societal things which the west `` pushes '' for are generally very high in the uk and lower elsewhere in europe . 
  its true , i dont think anyone from london/paris etc would care or make reasons if no one did anything for then , yet when it happens to russians its a western conspiracy . 
  the vetoes are because france will almost definitely be given 99 % of the control , then when the uk rightfully complains they are seen as demanding special treatment . 
  if brexit is the best thing to happen to the eu because we cant veto bs laws , then enjoy stabilizing and replenishing the economies of the majority of the other eu states which seem to be getting worse and worse and look to make zero contribution , enjoy the wild immigration along your borders . 
  britain is the real problem here har har har har ( closes eyes as african immigrants run past , a slovak begs on your streets and merkel squirts titty milk all over your breakfast . ), 
  and heres the real difference , whatever country you come from , you have most likely had british blood on your soil in the past century on more than one occasion because of aggression from mainland europe .
