  shit like this is why i 'm not that upset leaving the eu , half the nation 's are still in the dark ages with much of their attitudes from things such as religion , sexuality , who can do what job etc. 
  sorry but mayo or tomato are shit compared to chip shop curry sauce . 
  you can buy about 20 types of garlic sauce in any supermarket lol , unless you live on an oil rig i would say you can probably find one within 2 minutes from you in a local cornershop . 
  the same things that mean the other countries are high up , walking their dog or walking/cycling to work . 
  its not like everyone in sweden is running 30 miles a day and then pumping iron , half of them are just walking to walk and that is `` exercise '' . 
  almost everyone i know under 30/35 goes to the gym several times a week atleast and plenty i know under 50 run or cycle every day , then walk the dog etc. 
  i am `` technically '' ( although not really ) a little overweight at the moment but i still walk about an hour a day with my dog , i run twice a week , cycle 5 times a day for work and go to the gym when i can be bothered . 
  shit , i even know a guy who must weigh close to 200kg who walks to work everyday . 
  the numbers are skewed in a way that benefits scandinavian countries if anything , the few times i have been to norway and sweden , outside of a residential/city area i had to walk to get to certain places , in the uk you can normally find a bus or a train within a few minutes of where ever you are , virtually anywhere in the country and everywhere is easily accessible via road , even remote little spots in the middle of no where normally have a motorway going past them . 
  plus the fact that scandinavian countries tend to have alot more money/leisure time to do these things , and are sparsely populated with access to lots of outside areas means that it is far more viable for a scandinavian to exercise than most other europeans , honestly , its fucking boring in scandinavia so why not exercise lol . 
  that is the reality though and you get down voted on here or saying it . 
  look at germanys growth in every sector compared to other eu nations over the past decade plus , they literally have the cake and devour it . 
  of course the germans think that , they own the eu . 
  haha what a load of shit , prices of broccoli have gone up a few pence and you cant buy a whole tray of it . 
  thats essentially it , thats because with things like iceberg lettuce you get local chicken/kebab shops that will go to the supermarket and just buy a big tray of lettuces and if several shops do that , thats 30-50 people who would have just bought one instead being left emptyhanded . 
  merkels leadership is definitely entertainingly stupid . 
  and what is happening in the uk is tame , there looks to be serious consideration for people who are borderline fascist in several european nations , the closest we got is farage who is a laughing stock here . 
  brexit isnt even remotely stupid , its not the best idea but its not stupid either as long term its hard to say what will happen . 
  what is stupid , is the rise of the genuine far right , these peoples nations suffered fairly badly under the german thumb in fairly recent history so you would think that these sentiments were things of the past . 
  the stupidity hasnt even begun yet , it will start soon enough though , dont live in your reddit bubble where you think all europeans are progressive and pro-eu , multiculturalism etc. 
  most europeans are the opposite of that , most europeans want a homogeneous society and full control , the liberal types that flood this sub are in the minority of most eu nations . 
  that is a different form of stupidity though , we have the stupidity of the far right and the liberal left , both on a collision course for europe 2.0 and a huge part of that is thanks to your fuhrer . 
  what scum , but it really does sound like something that would happen in italy . 
  fairly limited space ? 
  most the uk is empty lol , if we wanted to it would n't be difficult but farmers would need to pay a viable wage . 
  problem is it 's seasonal work ... ca n't support a family working a few months a year . 
  so are you saying there are no areas in the eu that will lose a huge market for their producers ? 
  the average russian is about as wealthy as my dog . 
  no one is saying otherwise but individual farmers , businesses will suffer in both sides ... as a whole it 's no different really . 
  the irish . 
  sure , there are cultural similarities between european nations , many of which you will find out the eu but its not really anything particularly special . 
  i have lived in budapest , prague and a few other places but those 2 were the most difficult to live in , fine to visit but to live in is a different matter . 
  i felt almost as much as a cultural disconnect living in budapest as i did when i lived in indonesia . 
  alot of places felt like i was in what i imagined was 1970s soviet union , there 's just a lack of similarities . 
  going to spain , france , scandinavia , netherlands , germany etc. . . yeah i can definitely feel a cultural european identity that i feel is shared and one in which i do n't really notice massive differences in apart from accents/language , the general basics of life are all pretty much the same . 
  no real difficulty in transitioning between those nations , head east though and to me it 's vastly different , complete different cultural identities , mindsets , history . 
  there is a european identity but there 's a clearly defined border of where it starts and ends , certainly not proud to be european but i feel european in neighbouring nations because we have been so culturally entwined for huge amounts of time , hungary is as alien to most western or northern european nations as mexico is , probably less so . 
  well certainly nothing remotely close to the german approach , the de facto leaders . 
  turkey could n't get past the kurds in 2 days , then they would probably start fighting each other and try to take cyprus ... then get stomped . 
  this subs so shitty , takes any little article with a smear on britain and runs with it as proof . 
  i do n't even live in a major city but i 've got a few poles , a gay french couple and random other european nationals ... mostly integrated and married to locals all living on my street ... none of them are going anywhere and do n't even mention any of this brexit nonsense . 
  that 's the reality , not specific articles with a few whiney ungrateful fuckers who got all their chances in the uk , received free healthcare whilst popping out a few kids and decide to leave , adi\u00f3s !, 
  the reality is the uk has massive amount of eu nationals and guess what , most are staying here and do n't suffer any issues , that is n't with this subs rhetoric though so let 's find the one monthly story of some disgruntled moaning people and use it as an example of british xenophobia whilst ignoring the likes of france , netherlands , italy etc all having fairly genuinely racist politicians who received large percentage of votes and a series of politicians so inept that europe is slowly entering a crossroads which will turn into a one way street with division and bickering becoming the norm . 
  it seems everyday some new eu country is in a row , be it italy , greece , poland , hungary etc. . . it 's a growing list ... but let 's ignore that , brexits the only real issue !, 
  people on here are as useless as the eu leaders . 
  i lived in indonesia before , what 's crazy was that similar products which are produced regionally ... were sometimes more expensive than the uk equivalent ... despite most people earning like # 200 if they were lucky lol , prices heavily favour the wealthier to the point where they get cheaper food than genuinely poor nations . 
  what they gon na do boo at him ? 
  no they do n't , you have such confirmation bias . 
  i 've lived in 3 european countries , hungary , czech , spain and did stay in france for s few months so sort of 4 and not one person out of all the various social groups i had acquired ever mentioned the eu unless it was in a usually negative consequence talking about migrants etc. 
  no one ever started to hum the european anthem and waved little eu flags around , most people are nationalistic . 
  the younger people are often less pro eu to be honest alot of the time . 
  you remember those little pro eu rallies a few months back celebrating the anniversary ... . i had seen more people queueing for pub toilets than those that attended pro eu rallies . 
  i typed in polish racism ireland into google and it 's full of articles . 
  `` polish officials have expressed alarm over an apparent spike in the number of racist incidents in ireland . '', 
  why talk shit ? 
  incidents are rare all over the uk and i imagine ireland but do n't jump on the bandwagon , irish people are racist as fuck if your not white . 
  sorry but it 's just utter horse shit , especially when people say orwellian . 
  i completely am against the current rhetoric on regards to censorship or surveillance but show me an example of something happening from it ? 
  you say went after porn , encryption etc ? 
  show me a news article where people are being rounded up for porn related crimes , it 's all just fucking talk and gusto . 
  the only thing that has come from any of the stuff you mentioned is terrorists being monitored . 
  this is n't russia , our police attacked terrorists with batons , people barely get jail sentences for serious crimes . 
  the uk has alot of surveillance but it 's the opposite in every other regard , to the point of idiocy . 
  it 's probably the most free place i know , people can literally do anything , the police are great and very people focused , no one gets sent to prison for anything unless it 's atleast semi serious . 
  surveillance is n't that bad , we had loads of youths stealing cars and robbing people near my area recently , they put up a cctv monitoring station ... guess what , the crime has literally dropped to zero . 
  it 's so far from the picture you paint yet people believe rhetoric like yours , and the european court for human rights is n't much better , they would rather give a potential mass murderer a chance of freedom , neither systems perfect but action is better than inaction and to suggest the uk is orwellian because some speeches talking about porn censorship ( has anything even come from that ? 
  if i watch anal sex could i be sent to the gulag ? 
  ) , and people from dubious backgrounds going to mosques known to radicalise people are monitored is ridiculous . 
  preservation is key to a societies existence , having cctv and reading a potential jihadi whatsapp messages is n't the end of the world . 
  i bought smoked sprats in lidl yesterday for # 0.99 , not bad , just like mackerel but those bones , i ca n't do any food with bones in sadly ... the head and tail are n't great either . 
  good fish though , dog loves them . 
  i have never heard anyone saying , i would love to go to frankfurt . 
  we sent it to you after it attacked us yesterday, 
  my girlfriend 's indonesia ( met at uni , she was doing master 's ) , javanese obviously like the map says and tbh it 's not that bad there . 
  indonesia is 8 times bigger than the uk and the uk has like a quarter of its population , with most of wales and scotland being pretty much uninhabited . 
  java is twice as dense as england and java is the most populous island in the world so it 's not crazy different but yeah sometimes you feel like you are in an enclosed space . 
  way to many fucking scooters on the roads though like shitttt , in my 20 something years on this world i had never seen 3 people on a scooter with a baby just tucked in the front , parents had helmets on though so obviously they know what safety is , most people do n't have insurance and lots do n't even have licenses , awesome place but crazy different ... im going to live there next year , fuck lol . 
  best people i 've met though , all smiling and super friendly , and the foods like just delicious , every woman can cook amazing restaurant quality food without even trying and they treat men like god 's haha, 
  my girlfriend 's indonesia ( met at uni , she was doing master 's ) , javanese obviously like the map says and tbh it 's not that bad there . 
  indonesia is 8 times bigger than the uk and the uk has like a quarter of its population , with most of wales and scotland being pretty much uninhabited . 
  java is twice as dense as england and java is the most populous island in the world so it 's not crazy different but yeah sometimes you feel like you are in an enclosed space . 
  way to many fucking scooters on the roads though like shitttt , in my 20 something years on this world i had never seen 3 people on a scooter with a baby just tucked in the front , parents had helmets on though so obviously they know what safety is , most people do n't have insurance and lots do n't even have licenses , awesome place but crazy different ... im going to live there next year , fuck lol . 
  best people i 've met though , all smiling and super friendly , and the foods like just delicious , every woman can cook amazing restaurant quality food without even trying and they treat men like god 's haha, 
  wow that 's evil , even the shitty cheapest ( and i mean cheap ) brands here have actual fish in them . 
  are you willfully ignorant , you think it 's equal for someone from a country like romania to have full uk citizenship ? 
  that 's like swapping a ford fiesta for a new audi . 
  the eu is n't equal , it 's extremely unequal all over , i am not opposed to any individual gaining citizenship but to act like the uk is thinking its better and can choose what it wants is ridiculous , it 's not about equality because there is n't equality in the eu , if anything it 's the uk who is being treated unequally . 
  someone from a poorer nation is massively benefiting from being a uk citizen , it 's as simple as that . 
  i think open borders is a good thing ... . . within certain economic zones , it would also stop brain drain from poorer nations as the best and brightest would stay in their homes . 
  i work for a cleaning firm , i basically just appoint cleaners and check their work driving around , half our people are spanish . 
  the people who live in spain are like my auntie , 3 houses and a large bank account . 
  most people in the eu do n't know shit about the eu regardless of political beliefs . 
  i 've paid # 20 for a room in kensington , and similar prides elsewhere , is that based in rooms or houses ? 
  because we have a vastly uneven number of people in europe versus europeans in the uk , not that it 's a serious issue but our burden is potentially far greater . 
  and i am fairly confident that the brits in europe aside from old people buying houses and spending their pensions there are mostly young professionals , not fruit pickers , labourers and retail workers . 
  i do n't think may is taking the right approach but i think each case needs to be assessed individually , people who are settled with families , people who have been here 5 years + etc should all have full citizenship . 
  i do n't think someone who has been here 4 months stacking shelves should be entitled to full citizenship , i could n't go to germany and claim citizenship because i worked in lidl for a week . 
  my polish friend a few houses down who has lived here 9 years , speaks with a slight welsh accent , has a decent paying job and his own house and is married locally ... yeah , he is the type who should have full citizenship . 
  not everyone should have full citizenship just because they live here , but it 's unfair to say you only earn x amount and we do n't want you , definitely needs to be based on time spent and also potential importance of jobs , with priority to healthcare staff . 
  will you show me a good time ?
