  i would rather not have this happen but right now , the eu really is n't looking that healthy and new serious issues are arising often and just not getting dealt with at all . 
  and it 's a load of shit , the economy is n't going to collapse etc. 
  london has the gdp of most major european cities combined , any damage to the uk is going to be felt just as hard in the eu . 
  why is paris just a hotbed of shit , like london , places i ideally never want to visit again . 
  well we are hardly moving away , we are still within a stones throw and i believe that our land mass is still considered , europe , you know the name of this sub haha . 
  what eu bashing , theres hardly any uk news on here , most the commentators in here are not from the uk etc. 
  news flash , most europeans dont care about other europeans , especially when 80 % of them live in conditions like 1980s uk . 
  just because you dont know the answers does not mean the opposite is true . 
  for a start the aerospace industry is huge business in the uk and produce some of the most high end products for worlds aircrafts , we are the biggest aerospace manufacturer in europe by quite some distance . 
  dove , cadbury , mini , burberry , bbc , lots of brands of alcohol and often the most popular ones in the world , unilever , bae , glaxosmithkline , skittles , land rover , jaguar , hoover , dyson , reebok , rubicon , kenco , innocent drinks , bentley , rolls royce . 
  then `` companies '' like virgin , vodafone , bp , hsbc , marks and spencers , barclays , british airways , durex , supermarkets with an international presence like tesco , sainsburys . 
  bbc , and loads more . 
  honestly , the uk is one of the top producers in the world for quality , and lets face it , look at that list , plenty of quantity and just off the top of my head . 
  that far surpasses italy to be honest . 
  how deluded are some people . 
  europe is vastly different just crossing borders . 
  and whilst i could cope with places like the netherlands fairly well , when i lived in hungary it was extremely difficult , same with czech . 
  those countries are essentially second world compared to ours and i enjoyed my time living in each one but a few months was very difficult . 
  shit , even going from the uk to ireland is despite being 99 % familiar with shops , jokes , sports , politics and culture there is suddenly a large importance of religion , abortion is illegal and gay rights far behind all of their westerly neighbours . 
  and that is a place where we share a language , alot of culture , tv , we love shitty sports like rugby yet some attitudes ( by the leaders , never the little people ) are very different . 
  now those problems and many others are 10 times worse when comparing central and eastern europe with the west . 
  i 'm willing to bet this federal sub is full of germans with a smattering of other wealthy nations of western europe thrown in . 
  it 's great to be idealistic when you live in the `` best '' performing countries . 
  in the same way that their are probably car enthusiasts who collect trabant and ladas haha, 
  alot of people on here will never understand , the eu is not europe , the fact that a few prominent countries arent involved says enough about the eu . 
  i have lived in several eu countries now and i cant recall any people , from my professional to personal life ever mentioning the eu , they of course mention europe but europe will always exist ( until some plates move i suppose and we finally accept the term eurasia ) in that respect , none of them ever mention `` the eu '' , the reality is the common man/woman in every country thinks nothing of the eu , we are and will always be europeans , nothing changes that . 
  a shitty blue flag with some gold stars around it that has been around for a few years isnt europe , its just a further extension of governments pushing out your average person and putting the politicians in control to decide whats best for you . 
  yep definitely . 
  i and others i know in our 20s have cut back alot . 
  i still drink every week or two and usually it 's a full 700 ml bottle of rum or bourbon but i never have a random beer or glass of anything , it 's just a bottle once every week or two , last night it was vodka and i only had about 200ml . 
  5 years ago i would do triple that 3 times a week and other people i know we 're the same or worse . 
  until you lose a family member, 
  i hate that sub i see it like 3 times a week ... really suspicious , its as bad as march against trump , 90 % of the posts are accounts created that day or week and have 20000 karma . 
  gwin is welsh , hence frances region of brittany being the same ( not that they speak welsh , common language etc ), 
  what does denouncing do ? 
  germany is responsible for both world wars essentially , 100 million dead almost . 
  oh please denounce that germany it appeases me greatly . 
  and its not fair that the uk and other countries have put massively more money into the eu each year and are expected to continue that ? 
  50 billion is 80 % of the uks annual pension bill , where the hell would 50 billion be justified , especially by one of the few net contributing countries of the eu ? 
  with what , a matador armed with a kitchen knife ? 
  most of the world thinks europe has gone made , including many europeans . 
  very corrupt practices going on within the eu , millions of immigrants running rampant , right wing racism on the rise , arms flowing through nations borders with the odd act of massacre and of course the propping up of almost all of the nations of the eu whilst countries like germany reap massive rewards every year ... yeah i think the eu has definitely gone mad that they consider the uk leaving such a shithole to be a mad decision . 
  shit comparison , a gym already exists , you are paying for a service . 
  a better comparison is if you planned on investing x amount of money into a vineyard and pulled out half way through , you wouldnt be expected to pay for next years harvest that others will drink because you will get no benefit and those others will , regardless of your intent when agreeing to it originally . 
  you pay for what you receive . 
  and in that club , you often paid for things for the ( substantially ) poorer nations which made up the majority of your club . 
  scotland cant moan about brexit , a similar number of people in scotland voted for brexit as voted to leave the uk , yet the scottish independence voters cry about them not winning the vote to leave the uk yet somehow the 40 % who wanted to leave the eu are ignored . 
  why are 90 % of your posts in uk/ukpolitics . 
  you are the reason the eu exists , because you couldnt go 5 minutes without invading your neighbors . 
  quite bizarre germany was ever allowed in the eu to begin with considering that they are the sole cause of its existence . 
  there will be none , some people just delude each other to such fucking massive amounts . 
  london alone has an economy double that of a country like denmark , a huge growing city with a population double the next biggest city in europe , vast variety of jobs and a cultural hub . 
  something like that doesent vanish overnight . 
  we arent literally being physically removed from europe , we are still floating about next to france , still a train away from paris or a short flight . 
  i expect at most a minor hit in the short term and a leveling out in medium term , nothings going to change . 
  the reality is business has gone on forever , and why will that change because the uk leaves something it has been in for a few decades , something which is getting weaker and weaker , being infected with poor countries not pulling their weight , islamic extremists , right wing nuts . 
  seeing the state of europe at the moment , i am fucking glad we are an island , the only time i see a gun is at an airport , the people of other races/faiths integrate fairly well etc , europe is boiling over , potential terrorists at most nations doorsteps , huge flow of weapons , explosives etc which can be easily obtained . 
  i am not glad we are leaving the eu but last i checked , we are still in europe . 
  well why shouldnt we get special benefits when the likes of your economy have and continue to take massive benefits every year , with huge growth that pushes your economy past every other eu nation far past what would be acceptable , yet a few shitty exceptions and somehow the uk is the one that gets too much yet germany and its literal rejuvenation thanks to eu money isnt doing anything morally wrong ? 
  and the french will step in and take our place as agitators . 
  bunch of typical english cunts who only care about themselves and their future . . and a bit of sun . 
  hope they get stuck there and lose pension rights and end up on the streets selling sunglasses to tourists . 
  no , people are more likely to know about rafael nadal for example than who is the spanish leader of the reconquista, 
  haha no , its just starting , open your eyes . 
  thats because no one lives in sweden . 
  nah fuck that , i like growing up having memories of an actual house and a garden , it must be shit being a kid and having memories of living in a block of flats surrounded by doors , much rather have a big back and a front garden , a load of rooms and a field/river as your outside view whilst still being 10 mins from the city centre . 
  i get to wake up and take my dog for a walk along the fields etc , let him out in the back garden , on a nice day i can sit in my front garden on a bench and have a decent sized home and yet i can be in the city centre in less than 10 mins on public transport , i do enjoy living in flats but fuck that , you always have atleast 1 noisy asshole living within 50 metres of you and a few unscrupulous types . 
  lol if you worry about things like that you should get your mental health checked . 
  im a paranoid individual and i know that statistically every house in the uk is burgled once every 50 years , and 95 % of the time when your not home/asleep and they just target what they can see essentially . 
  as for someone burning your house down ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  almost all house fires are caused by the owner , if someone is burning your house down you have probably done something fucked up or crossed with the wrong individual haha . 
  i saw someone breaking into sheds in the houses around my area last month at 4 am , they never got fuck all and i scared the bloke off when he jumped into my garden but he managed to tread in my dogs shit which was nice . 
  haha what i rarely see uk posts on here these days , and no all of the eu is not doing great and this is news because people kept saying how fucked the uk would be and expected total disaster . 
  most muslims run when war appears and just lie like cattle to be butchered , its not a very scary premise . 
  and those nations have neighbours who they are wary of , not that the usaf could n't level the whole region with 0 casualties, 
  my right foot would defeat bosnia, 
  haha ... scary ? 
  not quite . 
  my dog could defeat half the middle east with a bark , and let 's face it , erdogan is an ultra fascist . 
  and almost 40 % wanted to leave the eu , not far off half the population yet no one is mentioning the numbers in that regard . 
  boohoo we want another referendum almost half the people wanted to leave the uk ... we want to stay in the eu ... almost half the country can fuck off because it is n't our agenda . 
  of course they would have , they were bound to keep trying for it until they get the yes vote , scottish independence is inevitable because those pushing for it wo n't take no for an answer as for brexit , people think scotland voted like 98 % for the eu whereas almost 40 % wanted to leave ... that 's a big fucking number to ignore and they are using similar independence numbers as a reason to push for another independence referendum . 
  i know a fair few that can speak spanish quite well , mostly young people , my auntie can as shes lived there for years and alot of her friends do . 
  you are just stereotyping and imagining the typical brit who goes to the costa del sol and buys a cheap # 50,000 apartment . 
  how the fuck are animals being shot in a zoo in europe , this is why im glad im on an island , its not easy for terrorists to arm themselves with assault rifles or some random bloke popping into the local zoo and blasting a rhino and then selling off its horn . 
  of course we would be worse off , an eu army directly benefits the usual suspects . 
  mainly france and germany , its not that well liked of an idea across the eu though and its main backing is from the beneficiaries . 
  and if an army is needed , what fucking difference does it make , the uk and france have the only remotely respectable armed forces in europe and its literally a given that the uk would be heavily involved in the defense of any nation invaded and most likely risking far more lives and cost than any other nation apart from france . 
  an eu army has no real benefits , it essentially already exists as nato , its a ridiculous idea that just creates even more paperwork and boundaries and jobs for something that isnt needed . 
  its never going to be needed and if it is , what difference would it make ? 
  most of eu nations army or potential army combined would be steamrolled by the uk or france , its just pointless and really fills no necessary needed role , thats the real fucking issue . 
  if there was impending doom and border conflicts all along the eu border and daily crossfire incidents then its understandable , right now ? 
  its a call to war . 
  well , technically whatever ones opinion is , if you leave you are reducing the overall number thus making any vote easier . 
  not exactly a good thing either , it just leads to further french and german hegemony within the eu . 
  and lets face facts , if anyone in the eu is invaded , the uk being in the eu or not makes no difference to the fact that the uk would commit 100 % of its forces to the defense of that country , whilst most the other nations that make up the eu do zilch . 
  and as usual the most popular is the worst, 
  most irish are are aswell to be fair lad, 
  50 % youth unemployment ?
